a very warm welcome to this Stan
Collymore show over the next few days
international teams from across the
planets are going head to head preparing
for the World Cup in Russia next year
including my beloved England who play
their old nemesis the Germans a man who
knows all about scoring that fixture and
FIFA World Cups in general is Michael
Owen it's called 245 club goals won the
Ballon d'Or and scored 40 goals for
England including four at World Cup
Finals themselves i sat down with elegy
himself to talk about the 1998 World Cup
Michael delighted if you've joined us on
the show wanted to interview you for
ages because a part of my career
overlaps with the wonder kid coming
through at Liverpool I was watching last
night the the Wimbledon game I'm coming
towards the end of two years at
Liverpool everybody knew about you
within the club and you come on and
score your first league goal against
Wimbledon you're always confident always
add faith in your own ability but did
you believe that for a May 1997 - sort
of June 1998 did you foresee the journey
that you would then go on well it's
always hard to foresee it but throughout
my life I always succeeded in every you
know game I played in or every you know
debut for England schoolboys in my you
know every big game I always succeeded
really I got into the national school of
excellence I've got into the England
team a couple of years early you know I
was without sounding big-headed I was
the best player in the country from 1213
for right the way through to probably 18
19 and then you know and then obviously
you're mixing it with the the big
hitters once you start train and once
you get the pace of the training session
you you then start to feel at home and
then you make your debut when you score
and then all of a sudden you forget
about am I good enough you think right
this is just great and playing alongside
Stan Collymore Robbie Fowler this is
brilliant and you forget about it and I
think in life what I've always found is
if you have a great first experience at
something ie score and I'm feeling
comfortable it you just you take to it
straight away and and you just part of
it and the next step playing for England
whatever it might be you just feel as if
it's an inevitable step and you can do
it you don't even think about can I do
it you think about doing it were you
aware going into the sort of 97 98
season with a World Cup at the end of it
that there was the potential you could
go to a walk or Paul
or was it just concentrating on
Liverpool but remember Stan remember the
players back in those days that you look
at it now look at this is Wikipedia
later on Malaya mayor's and when you're
going all the way from people like Dion
Dublin Nicky Barbara she rat Sheringham
Cole Fowler yourself in right all
scoring 20-plus goals and all very
different types if you scored 20 goals
this you know a new and English striker
you'd be in the English England's you
couldn't get in with 30 goals back in
those days Robbie Fowler
you know school 30 every year Andy Cole
was gone 30 all the time
you it didn't mean you're gonna get in
the England squad the depth of that
point so I was looking at these players
thinking you know how am I ever gonna
get in the team as a young kid but as I
say around haven't been in the the first
team at Liverpool six months I started
to think you know what I could when I
was making my debut for England and in
and around that time there was such a
good feeling about England
we just come off a brilliant you know
Euro 96 in our country football was
buzzing you know we had a good England
team we had some amazing players there
was just a you know to get in the
England team was was huge was everything
and and to get the call up and to get my
first cap was it was it was such an
honor such pride you know I remember you
know the thoughts of my family and
myself it was it was it was brilliant at
the time did you ever feel intimidated
amongst that group of players because
all senior internationals
you know David Beckham was the most
famous player on the planet know that
you know him very well when I first
joined the England squad and on the way
down I was travelling down with Paul
Ince Robbie Fowler Steve McManaman and
then as soon as you enter the the hotel
it's late at night most people who in
bad they in see gives me a little bit of
a tour and there's Gaza
1990 World Cup was was the World Cup for
me it was my age you know I was ten
years old or something and and Gaza a
Gary Lineker in those days were with the
to here I wasn't to see Gaza and in sort
of turn around so hello Michael
wherever he said it was just like wow
I'm amongst the elite now like anybody
does I suppose for the first few you
don't feel normal in your environment
and you want to gain the respect I think
is the show is I wanted to gain the
respect of all the
the top players and I don't really feel
even when I went to the World Cup me and
Rio Ferdinand were the two youngsters we
hung out together still didn't feel
there's a I think in football what
people don't realize is there's a
there's a lot of respect and you can't
play ten first-team games and then drive
in a Ferrari the next day because the
likes of yourself would say hang on a
minute and that's right you know you
have to earn your stripes so even when I
was in the 99th work 1998 World Cup I
still felt a little bit part of it on
the pitch and part of it on the trainer
pitch but in and around these are the
senior pros and still a little bit in
awe of them and respectful of them and
didn't want to do anything that they
could think he's getting above his
station in terms of getting the court
look I mean it's a big World Cup it's in
France when did you find out that you're
in the final squad we're in La Manga on
a pre World Cup you know get together
let's say training camp all the families
were there and there must have been and
I think it was a 23 man squad and there
would have been 27 28 players there was
gonna be a few let go and we all had our
little five-minute time slots to to
knock on the gaffers room I think if I'm
honest by that time I was pretty Premier
League Golden Boot yeah I thought I was
I thought I was gonna go and then
obviously the room has come round that
dowsers not going and that Gaza's rekt
the room and all the times have been put
back for half an hour and you just
thinking oh my word that's you know a
bombshell if he can get left out then
anyone can get left out and and then my
time came and and manager just said to
me said you go in you're probably not
gonna start you know to start with but
you're gonna play you know a role in
this World Cup you'll be coming off the
bench you know and I'm not ruling out
you you start at some point further down
the line but it's going to be sharing
and sharing them to start with but
you're not coming for the ride it's not
an experience you know you're gonna be
part of this World Cup the first game
against Tunisia I came on and we were
two-nil up already so it was a bit of a
dad game and obviously you know as a
centre forward you want to go on and
change a game or you want to go and
impress but the next game was my big
chance Romania
we were getting be half an hour to go I
was warming up behind the goal and we
were one nil down I was just thinking
this is perfect you know it's warm
everyone's gonna be tiring I'm just
bouncing ready to come on and I kept
looking and I was stretching but I
wasn't really sure I was just looking at
the bench thinking he's gonna call me
over I was waiting and waiting and it
felt like because I thought he'll give
me half an hour and it just felt as if
he's not gonna give me a long in effect
he's 22 however man it and it felt like
an eternity until he actually but when I
got on the ball just dropped and and I
hit it and it went into the far corner
and I was just oh God scoring for your
country as amazed and scoring in a World
Cup having scored feeling part of the
squad now feeling part of the tournament
now it was obviously then gonna be a
toss of a coin whether I stayed in the
team or whether Teddy Sheringham would
keep his place alongside Alan Shearer
let's fast-forward out of the group into
the second stage Argentina did you feel
that this was something special or do
you just treat it like another game at
the time I just thought it's another
game if you'd asked me to name five
players and the Argentine in the same I
wouldn't have been able to do it I just
had this what I thought was normal this
view going into games and I wasn't
intentional I just thought that I never
looked at you know is that he left
footed is he slower than the other one I
was faster than anything I was gonna
score no matter what I didn't even think
although I'll be scared to me I just
assumed that it's just another game and
I always score goals so I will score and
just unleash me you know just play me
and I'm and you know and I was just a
ball of excitement really I had no fear
at all I had no idea apart from the we
were playing Argentina no idea about
their players any strengths weaknesses
and I just went into the game probably
as underprepared as anybody in the in
the team in terms of knowing who I'm
playing against but just there's one
thing that the I had as an advantage on
anyone I was just fearless and I was
just you know totally comfortable and
confident in my ability it's called a
world-class goal on the world class
stage
well even Michael Owen view that moment
when you pick the ball or when I first
touched the ball back and we played the
ball to me I was around the halfway line
and the I had no idea how deep Iowa was
or any the picture I just had a defender
right next to me about as close as you
are and I thought if I can just take it
in my in my stride then I'm away from
him and then I'll know you know football
changes and pickets you know pictures
like that every split second so I
managed to take a good touch with the
outside of my right foot and almost
wriggle for free of him and then I
looked up I can remember thinking
there's only one player to be look how
deep he is and I obviously had a run up
on him who's never gonna be able to stop
me it's almost like just putting a
mannequin in front of you when you're
when someone's so deep and they're
giving you the chance to get a run on
you
it was just impossible I couldn't go
past him so I just set off obviously
runnin I took it to the side and then I
saw scalzi and my my outside on my
outside but obviously just got there
first and no way am I gonna give it to
him at that point
I scored and I thought as I've run away
I was thinking that was a good goal no I
this is how I felt was a good goal and I
didn't think anything other than it was
a good goal and were to one-up now and
everyone's jumping on me and I remember
lift and I had no idea where anyone was
in the stadium I remember being on the
halfway line after everyone jumping on
me I lifted my head as everyone jog back
into position and punch the air and
looked at the crowd and the first person
I saw first people I saw were my mum and
dad on the halfway line out of 30 odd
thousand people and I just thought oh my
word that's the most surreal moment ever
so I'll punch the air as I've jogged
back I thought yeah that was actually a
brilliant goal it was only until after
the game we got knocked out floods of
tears I walk out we get to see our
families Glenn Hoddle was you know not
keen on anyone interfering but now we
were knocked out we got to see our
families underneath the stat the stand
by the boss and I think my mom or dad
said you know your life might have
changed now I think to the wider
audience to the world then you know my
name was probably edged in their memory
and and that was probably the biggest
life changer in a life-changing moment
in my life from that 17 year old kid
that that came into the Liverpool team
always full of confidence to the man
know that that's an empire that still
does his punditry that still has a big
smile just nation which I really
appreciate you joining us for a year
World Cup memories and great sea doing
well brilliant man thanks thanks tough
join us after the break as we go behind
the scenes of the world's oldest
international football fixture it's
Scotland
it's England and it was played in 1872
stay with us
Scotland against England is the world's
oldest international fixture I went to
Hampton Park in Glasgow to talk to
England fans about going to Russia next
year especially after fans clashed in
Marseille at last year's euros France
2016 a tournament remembered as much for
the violence involving Russian English
and other fans as the brilliance of
Nations like Wales in Iceland was this a
throwback to a darker age or a sign of
things to come across Russia next summer
Scotland versus England the oldest
international fixture a fixture steeped
in rivalry and national pride and on the
horizon for England fans of potential
World Cup 2018 game with their Russian
adversaries who this time would have
home advantage you Neyland family why
would you go to the World Cup next year
in Russia hey I've got to be honest with
you I'm in two minds wonder I've been
with Club and conscience Russia
previously and I'll be honest with you
if you saw me is it safe no it isn't dan
dan and CJ three England fans that
turned up nice and early nice to see you
wearing the Three Lions on your shirt
it's not intimidated I see that you've
got your Spurs and Arsenal crest on one
flag which is a little bit bizarre but
we'll give you that your best Russia
World Cup next year lots of stuffs been
talked about here the European
Championships last year
he's England Scotland fans mingling
today will you go to Russia would you go
to Russia are you frightened
what'd you get enough in my way scared
enough it might be Londoners I mean for
a freaking Finn I know but to be fair we
have been chatting by a the only thing
is stopping us is money genuinely is the
money would you go to Russia
have you any concerns after Marseilles
last year your thoughts please I would I
would say I'm not so confident about
going out there as it was for for France
I mean I was a bit concerned about that
with everything it goes on in the world
but yeah I wouldn't say I was overly
confident but I'll go I'll go in
supporting whoever England go I'll go
what we found is what we're told before
we go is quite often a different
scenario when you actually arrive there
and I've been to Russia three times have
problems on each visit and obviously
with each visit that I've been
subsequent I'm questioning whether it's
worth it basically thoughts about hard
cause of Russian football fans or German
football fans or we have a little bit of
a nasty following at times in Russia
next year you're going to be ambassadors
any thoughts in Germany we see no
trouble right the police were brilliant
were vastly seen that we got on were
German fans and in the day after the
game we look in the press and it's all
about the England singing songs and we
were saying how well behaviour were in
London so it's a question would you
expect this
from normal Russian fans or is there a
difference there after de marsay you
know as a year ago yesterday Palomar say
I don't know man looking for itch and I
mean they want it are you expecting a
warm welcome from a general Russian
population they've got a world cup
traditionally when big tournaments take
place the vast majority of normal minded
football fans in tech support supporters
welcome people hoping yeah definitely
yeah you can tell every English fan
they're a hooligan you know end of the
day these people are just they're
probably football fans like us at the
end of the day they've got a bad name
for themselves because of these people
that are broadcasting what they're gonna
do to all these people particularly the
English but you can't tell them all the
same brush they've got a world called
they're gonna enjoy as much as we are
beat Scotland or Brazil Ukraine or
France England fans have always traveled
in large numbers but the army heading
east next summer will be smaller
apathy with the team or fears over
safety look certain to keep a
significant number at home Michael Owen
never got to the fix the most celebrated
price in world football but you know
what I did the trophy that sir Bobby
Moore and Pele held there I am in the
FIFA Museum a very exciting moment now
just before the FIFA World Cup trophy
embarked on its journey around 24 cities
in Russia from Kaliningrad in the West
of lallybroch I went to the FIFA Museum
in Zurich and found a treasure trove of
incredible quite incredible football
memorabilia
I'm delighted to be in Zurich and the
FIFA World Football Museum and joined by
guy Oliver fellow Englishman and curator
of the museum here absolutely fantastic
venue how long is the FIFA World Museum
being out open and what's its purpose
okay we opened in February 2016 and its
purpose is to show people just how many
countries around the world play football
and to celebrate the culture of football
the history of football so that people
remember events from the past but also
celebrate the present so we've got here
of course it's incredible the one thing
I noticed yellow blue green white and
red it's every shirt of the 211
associations that play football but only
five colours these shirts represent a
unique football culture in each country
there are the heroes there are the great
memories the great games the the clubs
the the national teams each each of
these countries has that culture and
it's really a unique culture okay we
live in a global world now and obviously
the top clubs get all the publicity and
everything but just remember that
there's 211 football cultures around the
world each of them unique what we try to
do for each World Cup is to just bring
to life with that World Cup with objects
from the time so none of these are
replicas so this is a shirt that was
worn by Uruguay during that World Cup
this was the medal that was given to the
runner-up Guillermo stabby Lee who was
the top scorer in the in the World Cup
with eight goals that's his medal that's
his silver medal for winning it so it's
it's trying to bring a flavour of each
World Cup bring the World Cup alive I'm
getting very nervous I'm not sure any
Englishman since the great Bobby Moore
had this incredible privilege this is
the original base of the FIFA World Cup
you see there Uruguay campeón Coupe de
Mond
the Football Association Italy champions
in 1938 Italy champions 19
34 and Uruguay champions in 1950 like to
say that's the original base the actual
beautiful trophy above it is an
exceptional replica but it has to be
said this must be one of your prized
possessions in the museum totally is its
if I'm absolutely honest it's my
favorite thing because I think the
English Association with the jewelry
makeup I've always loved it you know
from an artistic point of view it's
perfectly proportioned as well
especially with this original base
because that's how Lafleur designed it
if you look at the dimensions of the
trophy they all fit around the base and
in those it's very specifically designed
and so I as a work of art I love it I
think it's beautiful so of course by the
history of this trophy is quite
incredible in England it was stolen
pickles the dog famously found it again
in 1983 it was stolen so it's a quite
traumatic history when it was stolen in
1966 it was they tried to get a ransom
for it and what they did was they stole
they took off the top that little Cup
bid at the top comes off and that's what
they sent to the Football Association as
a ransom note with with the ransom note
luckily it was found a week afterwards
so you know but then it was ironic
because the Brazilians said well that
would never happen in our country we
value the trade and then they spoke too
soon and it was stolen from Brazil I
know that it was said that it was melted
down in 1983 that the thieves would just
wanted it for the gold
I think that's I'm not sure that that's
the truth because it wouldn't bow down
to much you have value it has much more
historical and sentimental value to some
beauty Matthew exactly and there there
were two other trophies stolen that
night from the Brazilian Federation one
of them just had no value in terms of
the properties in it the metallic
properties and so I think it's possible
they were stolen to order I don't know
it might have been melted down but this
is one of the it's my life's ambition to
find the original we've seen Jules Reem
a small beautiful this is a real
statement from FIFA
commissioned for the 1974 World Cup
okay there there were 55 designs
submitted for this trophy this was the
winning design by Bertoni in in Milan in
Italy and it was created by a sculptor
called Silvio Gazzaniga it's 36 point 8
centimeters tall it's just a little bit
over 6 kilos in weight it's solid gold
what they've done is they've put a
mixture of silver and copper in there so
about 12 15 percent of that is copper
and silver that gives it its strength
now tell us about the protocols because
we know that the Jules Rimet trophy that
we saw a little bit earlier on that
Brazil won it three times and kept it I
think FIFA were very upset when they had
to hand over the jewels remake up to
Brazil and they vowed at that point that
they would never let it out of their
their sight so when this was made the
regulations were changed the winner
takes the trophy but FIFA takes it back
almost straight away what did
Beckenbauer get what did Maradona get
they lifted it up today get it ripped
from their arms and somebody else gives
you a replica yes so you do get a
replica I mean the replica is identical
it's it's called a winner's trophy and
for every tournament a new winner's
trophy is made and so the winning
captain so philipp lahm in 2014 got that
they kept it for you know for a short
while I think till the following day and
for the official national team banquet
and then you or somebody from FIFA comes
along since thank you very much for
putting that back in the here's the
winner's trophy and you know that's that
you keep for good so you don't have to
give that back and so for for all of its
existence it spent one month at the
location of the World Cup but then in
between for the 47 months in between
World Cups it was stored in a bank vault
in Zurich it's not just a cup it's a
it's a it's a design it's a it's a it's
a beautiful piece of art and so it's one
of the most
cognizable pieces of art around the
world so you know when you think about
art like that you think of the Mona Lisa
and that's the star exhibit in the
Louvre in Paris well this is our Mona
Lisa this absolutely invaluable piece of
art is our central feature of this
museum guys thank you so much for having
us here at the the FIFA World Museum in
well here I felt like an 11 year old
geek football geek in geek heaven today
trophy holding the Jules Rimet trophy
really appreciate you doing this on Stan
Collymore show thank you very much
you're welcome anytime next week we'll
be following Liverpool and Manchester
United fans as they are in Champions
League action in Moscow will it be a
security nightmare
we'll find out politically come on see
you next week
