the u.s. is trying to sow divisions in
Russia ahead of marches presidential
election that's according to of land
emir putin he says the moves a response
to Moscow is perceived meddling in the
2016 US election okay well let's cross
live now to artis darling lugar who
joins me in the studio to tell us more
now what exactly is Vladimir Putin's
allegation about well he's making a
connection to the upcoming Olympics and
the upcoming Russian presidential
election he says that in response to
America perceiving Rowe's Russia having
meddled in the election that they're
trying to do the same here and what he's
pointing out is that right now we're
seeing another wave of accusations
against Russian athletes of having a
used alleged doping in the 2014 Sochi
Olympics and so what he's saying is that
this second wave is sort of coming out
of nowhere just before the Russian
presidential election he pointed out the
fact that the IOC the International
Olympic Committee are really relies on
its sponsors and advertisements and that
the majority of those sponsors and all
that money is actually coming from the
United States itself and that it's just
very suspicious that this wave this next
wave is coming just a hundred days
before the Russian presidential election
he went on to point out the fact that a
lot of the accusations that are coming
out right now in the past week more
Russian athletes have been stripped of
their medals and understandings from the
2014 Olympics and he pointed out that a
lot of the evidence that is being at
least attributed to as evidence is that
the samples had some sort of scratches
or marks on them and that that was proof
that the samples had been meddled with
and that there was doping being used but
he pointed out the fact that those
samples were sent off to wada in
switzerland right after the olympics and
they stopped there for two years and
there's no telling Russia had no control
no idea what was happening with those
samples in the two years that had passed
so anything could have happened and it's
just not clear
at all so there was another sort of
inconsistency that he was pointing out
and this news has just broke in the past
half an hour or so hasn't it but it's
not the only area where Russia is facing
pressure right now even our channel RT
is feeling the heat in the u.s. what
more can you tell us about that very
much so and of course that's nothing new
right now the Russian the Justice
Department in America has demanded that
RT America register as a foreign Ange
agent and that came down a little while
ago but the deadline is now by next
Monday and it's actually being said that
the head of RT America could be arrested
if they don't comply that the bank
accounts could be shut down if they
don't comply so it's a very serious
issue right now that obviously
everyone's going to be watching and of
course we have a Russian media watchdog
warning it will respond like for like if
restrictions come down against Russian
media in the US now that's specifically
in response to a point contained in the
National Defense Authorization Act for
next year that Congress is currently
reviewing in it is proposed that cable
and satellite providers may not be
required to carry video content that is
owned controlled or funded by the
Kremlin meaning that providers would
choose from themselves whether or not to
show that content and it's important to
reiterate of course that that bill has
not been passed yet and even if it is
approved it only says that providers
would not be required to show this
Russian content what and but if it does
I get past Russia has already promised
to react quickly equivalently and
strictly and of course our channel would
fall under those parameters we've never
hidden the fact that we dear we see
funding from the Russian government and
that fact has led to our channel being
constantly attacked and scrutinized even
our social media ads are activity on
social media has been a point of tension
Twitter went as far as blocking all of
our ads outright with no warning and in
general our channel has just been
attacked left and right by US
politicians awfully often falsely
referring to our content as fake news
that needs to be restricted and of
course RT has strongly denied all these
accusations saying
they're motivated simply by politics and
not by actual facts
hmm and just as we were reporting that
Russia was considering tit-for-tat
measures the US has now upped the ante
with this deadline is Monday deadline as
Jacqueline Vega thanks for those details
