it has just been announced that
President Putin will make his amid his
American counterpart Donald Trump
that'll be this Friday and Vietnam that
is according to the Russian president's
office let's get more details on this
now ur RT correspondent Ilya Petrenko
joining us here live on the program Ilya
what else do we know about this upcoming
meeting
Rory hi again well lately journalists
have been attacking pretty much anyone
who can shed some light on the second
meeting between Donald Trump and
Vladimir Putin in history that is how
crucial it is there's no need for any
additional explanation here and there
you have it finally Vladimir Putin's
foreign policy advisor mr. Yuri Yakov
told reporters that the two presidents
will meet on Friday November 10th here
in Dunnan Vietnam at the APEC summit
2017 although he couldn't give the exact
hour that is still something that's
being decided the first time the two
presidents met was at a different summit
the g20 in Hamburg and back then the
talks went on three times longer than it
was originally expected that was when
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said
that no one could make the leaders stop
including Melania Trump bilateral
relations were in a terrible state they
are still like that of course but things
did come out of it like the progress in
the Syrian ceasefire and the
de-escalation zones will Putin and Trump
bring out bring up Syria this time most
likely yes the terrible state again the
massive difficulties in which the the
two countries find themselves when they
get along Washington and Moscow sure
plus Ukraine and North Korea Donald
Trump has been on tour around East Asia
so the two presidents will have pretty
much many things to say to each other
when it comes to this and also perhaps
hear from each other so we're all
waiting for when it happens the second
meeting between Putin and Donald Trump
the top nominee for the most important
highlight of the APEC summit in done on
Vietnam art easily petrenko thank you
