the Syrian army and its allies including
the Lebanese militia Hezbollah say that
they haven't liberated the last major
ISIL stronghold in Syria the town of
Alba ,
the town is on the border with Iraq and
was the terrorists last major Bastion
after they were driven from the city of
their resort Russia's Defense Ministry
recently noted Islamic state controlled
less than 5% of territory in Syria and
that was before these last two major
victories annex been now - max Abrams is
the assistant professor of public policy
at Northeastern University good to have
you on the line max it can we go this
far can we say that this victory really
does mean the end of ISIL in Syria
well the way I would put it is there's
an end of the Caliphate the Caliphate
has been the main political raison
d'Ãªtre of the Islamic state and I don't
think that anyone could possibly say
that the Caliphate exists in any real
fashion so this latest battle really
signals very much the end of the
caliphate and and therefore the end of
the main you know political goal of
Islamic state but Islamic state itself
is not dead you know this is a group
that managed to attract tens of
thousands of fighters from scores of
countries all over the world and so
there remain you know Isis members and
former Isis members in its stronghold of
Iraq and in Syria and of course this is
an international problem with untold
numbers of foreign fighters who have
returned home although not as and not
quite as many as initially feared and so
yeah that's the way I would put it is as
the Caliphate is is done does that
suggest then that these small pockets of
the terrorists who remain in in some of
the villages that it's it's key to wipe
them out and if so how long do you think
that could take yeah I mean I would
always recommend if you you could have a
clean shot at you know an Islamic state
fighter
in Syria or in Iraq I would take if I
mean these guys are terrorists they are
part of the worst terrorist group that
we've ever seen in world history and so
we need to pursue them doggies like I've
seen European leaders say essentially
the same thing we don't want these guys
returning home so the fight is still
very much on we need to keep the
pressure on we need to find them and
frankly we may need to expand the
targeting to include groups and splinter
groups where the former Isis guys are
heading to next for example you know
some of the groups would slightly you
know different names in it live for
example in Syria they harbor many of the
same views and I think that they too
should be fair games so the pressure
needs to be kept going but we've done a
wonderful job of reversing their
fortunes especially in their stronghold
I sort of want to remain skeptical given
what we've seen over the last few years
I mean do you think this is an ideology
that if it isn't eliminated and maybe
it's impossible to eliminate that it
could just sit there by this time and
then we'll see it growing again in in
years to come it depends on what you
mean by ideology I mean the Salafist
ideology is very much alive that's an
international movement which of course
preceded Islamic state and will continue
long after Islamic state however part of
their ideology was also the concrete
political aim of establishing the
Caliphate I think that that dream has
been set back not irrevocably but I
think that that fighters all over the
world will really have to think twice
about whether it's a good idea to try to
establish a Caliphate given the fact
that Islamic state ended up feeling so
badly now Qaida for example also
believes essentially in a Caliphate in
an emirate but they their approach has
been slower it's been you know more
gradual to try to build up more local
support in order to achieve it over time
so I
think that that approach will probably
gain some resonance as Islamic state
continues to get crushed if we look at
Assyria without the terrorists certainly
in significant numbers what would that
mean for the country what will it mean
in terms of the civil war there is it
likely to end I think that that that
that region in that country will remain
unstable for the foreseeable future
Islamic state is one of many militant
groups in that country viewers could
just do a you know Google search for it
Lib for example or any other search
engine look at it live and you'll see
it's a highly you know radicalized area
with HTS the Qaeda umbrella group
including
nusra which which leads it under various
aliases but yeah I mean that the
government basically sees no possible
negotiation with with the Salafist
rebels and the same is also true in
terms of how the rebels regard you know
what they consider to be the regime and
given that I think that the civil war
will continue but the fact that Assad
will remain in Damascus you know he is
going to stay there so that is no longer
in doubt whereas that wasn't true say a
couple years ago so I do think that
Assad's power the Syrian government's
power is expanding throughout the
country but I don't expect him to have
all of the country under wraps because
there still remain you know tens of
thousands of prepared to to fight
against the Syrian Arab army and its
militia max been good to speak to you
appreciate your views max Abrams my
guest assistant professor of public
policy at Northeastern University
