european broadcasting union spoken out
against policy changes at denmarks
largest public TV and radio corporation
dr it criticized planned budget cuts and
a push to reduce the promotion of
multiculturalism sit together and we
share something about the world about
end video showing a 10-month the admin
has poor instead focus has shifted it
says through the values of democracy and
free speech the broadcaster also wants
content to portray the country's
Christian cultural heritage now the
changes were published by Denmark's
Ministry of Culture with parliamentary
support the majority of that support
comes from the anti-immigration Danish
People's Party as the second largest
party in the country has been pushing
for the media to change his policy the
opposition though perhaps naturally as
have spoken out against these new
guidelines I think it's an incorrect
prioritization of conservative values
it's another step towards a political
agenda that doesn't want to integrate
people the former host of a religious
program on dear even front home told us
the moves being made to reinforce the
country's national identity the previous
guidelines also stated that Christianity
is part of Danish cultural heritage what
is surprising it that they really stress
it one more time because after my
program close down one religious program
after the other has been shut down
because Christianity and religion in
general has not been prioritized with
the immigration that the Europeans and
also that also the Danes has a problem
to define their own identity if a
culture is very based on its Christian
foundations and it's Christian faith
it's much easier for this society to
integrate other people so I think that's
why they want to stress it simply to
strengthen the national identity which
is very important in our time where
there is so much division in the
European societies
you
