hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
we've grown accustomed to the strange
twists and turns of the so-called
scandal known as Russia gate as well as
the intensely partisan nature of
investigations and media coverage we
also know this is all about the very
existence of the trump presidency but
who will investigate the investigators
cross hugging whether the Trump
presidency will survived I'm joined by
my guest
Phillip Schiraldi in Washington he is a
former CIA counterterrorism specialists
who is now executive director of the
Council for the national interest also
in Washington and we have William beany
he is a former technical director at NSA
and in Philadelphia we cross through
Dave Lynn Dorf he is an independent u.s.
investigative journalist who is
published regularly on different news
sites including counterpunch
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
Phil let me go to you first in
Washington as you know I've been
following this story from its inception
every twist and turn as I said in the
introduction I'm absolutely sick of this
story to be honest with you watching
each the executive officers of social
media and speaking in front of Congress
I thought you know one side looked
buffoonish and the other side look like
idiots okay really it crushes any sense
of intellectual honesty and when you
watch that kind of broadcast here you
know Phil so I'm really kind of
interested in your opinion of the
broader picture this is a strategy to
unseat a democratically elected
president will they succeed Phil well I
I don't know the the honest answer is I
don't know the to unseat the president
it would really would require them
discovering some illegality carried out
by him personally and I don't see that
yet and I don't think there's this
commission after one year of more than
one year of activity has come up with
anything either so I don't think that's
that's really what will come out of this
but there are other things that will
come out of it for example the the
focused on Rush focus on Russia is
unfortunate and has has ruined the
relationship between Moscow and
Washington and and it will get worse
from here I think bear in mind that
Mueller is not out to investigate the
president per se he's out to investigate
Russian meddling in the last election
and there's bipartisan support for this
it's coming from Republicans like McCain
and Graham and it's also coming from
the Democrats so there's a lot of
interest in going after Russia on this
for various reasons and and the and the
secondary issue to a certain extent is
how will they hang something on Donald
Trump
I don't think they'll be able to impeach
him but I think they will be able to
make a lot of trouble for him you know
Bill weigh in on that because they want
to investigate something let's face a
gentleman if there was something out
there it would have been leaked by now
okay I mean that makes common sense and
we considering all of the leaking that
has happened during this presidency and
now they go out after this you know
these low-level guys is this george
papadapolis and something like that you
know but they don't want to investigate
anything else that is has facts attached
to it fusion gps okay also people have
mentioned uranium one the clinton
foundation are the connections to
ukraine i mean it's as if the special
prosecutor has to maneuver through a
minefield it took avoid touching on real
evidence go ahead bill yeah that's
exactly right i mean i've argued from
the beginning from August of 2016 that
this was a false argument from the
beginning simply because NSA has all the
data on that's going across the network
they own the network they've got so many
taps here in the united states so many
traceroute programs so they can follow
all the packets wherever they're going
not just here in the United States but
also around the world and if they had
any evidence they'd like a few years ago
the Chinese had hacked into some into
the United States and the the NSA came
out indirectly they weren't named but
they said it came from this building in
Shanghai well I mean they could do that
with any hack because buried in all
these packets is all that evidence and
they've got it and they're not telling
anybody about it because they don't have
it that's the point that's the point I
made back in 2016 that they were they
were simply bart barking at the breeze
creating smoke somewhere that there was
none yeah you know Dave it's one of the
interesting things after Muller had his
indictments of manna fortune gates the
theory obviously started immediately is
that this is pressure to flip manifold
what if there's nothing to flip for well
what if there is nothing there that they
and this is what I find really
interesting is that I think they if they
had had something they would have
already mentioned it okay instead of
just going through his financial
transactions go ahead Dave in
Philadelphia well they did they did
apparently flip Papadopoulos so I mean I
think yeah but I think that Miller is
not well let me finish yeah I think that
Miller is actually trying to get some
indictments of higher-ups and I think he
is playing that typical prosecutor game
of getting the smaller fish right and
trying to flip them so that they can get
the bigger fish that's a that's a given
I think he does want to get prosecutions
where he wants to go with it is another
question but with regard to Trump I
think that you know Phil was is right
that there has not been a you know much
success at this point in finding
anything on Trump but there is you know
you have to remember that there there
has been some movement from the IRS in
terms of Muller getting in touch with
them and I think that it is possible and
and if if Trump is going to get attacked
and going to be brought down it's going
to be on financial stuff it's not going
to be you get on the Russians actually
excited there it does seem like there's
not much there yeah Phil that's exactly
right okay I mean so with manna Ford
it's basically Ukraine okay Oh with the
Podesta brothers maybe he might one day
want to look into that also okay but
Dave is absolutely right is it all of
these investigations all of this
hysteria and it will be what in 1996 one
form of this tax return of that and
it'll be some kind of oh my god it'll be
a game changer because again this Russia
gate thing as you pointed out in the top
of the program it's just really really
damaged I mean it possibly for a
generation us-russia relations and I can
tell you gentlemen on our audience here
a lot of the Russian political leaders
saying okay
then we'll go elsewhere you don't want
to have a relationship the world goes on
go ahead Phil yeah well I absolutely
agree with all of that the what we're
going to see I suspect and I have no
inside knowledge on this is that a lot
of these people were engaged in things
like tax evasion which which wealthy
people in the United States and
elsewhere tend to do because they like
to hide their assets they like to hide
their income so mana Ford is is it
probably will turn out is is certainly
guilty of tax evasion money laundering
you name it the question is will is
Donald Trump guilty of these things and
I suspect of course that Mueller will be
looking at that so we could have an
issue with Donald Trump and and with
money the man was a was a speculator was
a builder was a developer I wouldn't be
awfully surprised that this sort of
thing came out of it but again the
unfortunate thing is the focus of all
this is on Russia and on the election
and I think that is the the serious
damage that's being done here because it
goes on and on and on without any
evidence being demonstrated as bill
mentioned nothing being demonstrated to
tie Russia to any of this and all it's
doing is making the world a less safe
place and damaging relationships that
could have been good yeah maybe a bit
but bill you know with as you pointed
out in your and you uniquely qualified
to know but they know what happened or
didn't happen when it comes to
quote-unquote collusion they know that's
the source they don't say anything that
means they are in code they're colluding
with people to undermine this president
go ahead bill yes yeah that's right I
mean they also have all the financial
data to around the world it's not a it's
not a question that they don't have that
either
and of course Trump has been in being
under audit here for some time with the
IRS so something if something was there
that should have come out but it hasn't
but the other point that I would like to
make is simply that Mueller doing the in
fact investigation is has his hands
really dirty
in a lot of things one he's been using
the warrantless collection of US
citizens inside this country and using
it against them in in to pass it on for
prosecution in court of law and they did
that by by doing parallel constructions
once they find the data and the NSA
material to go after them it's been
collected without a warrant by the way
so they can't introduce in the court of
law
so once they do that and the rest the
person then they have to do what's
called a parallel construction that is
used standard policing techniques to
find the same data they already know
where it is so it makes it rather easy
and then they go find that and then
substitute that in a court of law
instead of using the original NSA data
that they used to arrest them this is
called perjury and it's a violation of
the fifth and the sixth amendments the
Constitution one you they're using their
comments against them that's a violation
of the Fifth Amendment and then they're
substituting data as evidence in a court
of law and not telling the defendant
what the true data of the in use against
them is they have the right to challenge
discovery and they're not being told
that in fact in the Amnesty
International versus the clapper case
that made it to the Supreme Court
alleging that the Solicitor General of
the United States lied to the supreme
court to get it thrown out saying if
anybody in the court of law in the court
of law in a criminal case that were any
of the NSA data was used against
something cold that was let me go to
Dave here before we go to the break it
means high officials can perjure
themselves in front of Congress and not
have any censure but if you're under the
microscope anything you say can be used
against you go to a day before we go to
the break go ahead yeah well I mean
obviously everything that's happened
with the NSA spying program has been you
know objectively unconstitutional but we
have a high court now that is run by
people who basically turn the other way
and give a pass to the government ever
since 9/11 so it's all of these things
you know it you can say they're
unconstitutional and anybody who read
the Constitution would look at it and
say yes that's right but the reality is
unconstitutional it's whatever the
judges yeah it's how you interpret it
I'm going to jump in here Jeff
we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on the trump presidency
stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things were
considered on Peter la belt remind you
were discussing the Trump presidency
okay Phil wouldn't I want to go back to
this fusion GPS dossier there's every
reason to believe that Mueller I'm sorry
Comey believed it okay during his in
Congressional in that s timoni it
sounded like he believed that I think
and I think we can connect the doubt
that that's one of the reasons why Trump
was infuriated because he knows he knows
it's a fake dossier but that dossier
could have been a witness list they used
to start questioning people here and
then you know then the the unmasking of
people hit what we have a name here so
let's unmask them and we'll start
listening to what they're talking about
I mean this whole dossier I mean I've
read it a number of times it is bad
fiction it's just awful and living where
I live right now in the kind of
conditions that I understand how things
are done it just it's like if somebody
wrote it in Disneyland but this dossier
this fake dossier is actually the basis
for a lot of these investigations here
and the unmasking of people's names
which was illegal which we'll probably
never find out about and I think that's
one of the reasons why we need to know
more about this dossier the people that
were involved in it and and of also the
connections that that metaphor it had
with the with like the Podesta brothers
okay this these are they're real things
you can grab on here and and and the to
investigate and I think are quite
legitimate because after all we want to
know what happened in the 2016 election
the Democrats are not going down that
rabbit hole we I want to go down that
rabbit hole let's see if there was
something that went wrong go ahead Phil
yeah well there's certainly plenty of
dirt that would stick to both sides I
think in this case the
the the does yeah the dossier itself is
kind of interesting I've worked I've
worked in the private sector for
investigative firms that operate
internationally as well as for the
government and I know exactly what kind
of document this is this is a document
that is sought by somebody who has an
objective he's not interested in the
truth he's interested in basically
making a case against somebody that he's
trying to get at and the firm which of
course is also in business to make money
goes as far as it can to satisfy what
the client wants and that means that
when you see one of these reports there
they're absolutely predictable they have
a little bit of truth which very often
comes out of newspaper accounts and that
sort of thing they have other stuff
that's quite speculative I would note
that the the steel dossier relied
largely on anonymous sources sources
that were unnamed and and then you go
and you talk to people on the street
that you think might know something and
and they come up with some speculative
stuff and you put that in the report too
so I think that's exactly what we have
here and the fact that they would be
using this as a basis for serious
investigation to me is astonishing yeah
it's an astonishing bill because it was
me it was was just a sham
I mean Christopher Steele and his
associates I mean that was the money
train I mean wow they're gonna pay this
much money for this okay let's keep
adding a pet you know another chapter or
another appendix and let's keep it
rolling okay and whoever they talk to
had very vivid imaginations when I and I
have to really come to the conclusion
that when it was presented to Trump and
when he was president-elect he you've
thought about what in the world is this
but what is really interesting is that
there are people it seems like Comey and
other people actually and members of
Congress if you look at their testimony
asking questions you know they tend to
believe this what kind of people believe
this kind of stuff go ahead bill well I
would also point out that for example
Julian Assange and everybody associated
with him are watched cast-iron by NSA
and GCHQ electronically and and anybody
else that helps them like the other five
eyes or another eight or nine other
countries that are participating in this
bulk acquisition they're all looking at
this and watching these people so that
means that if anybody did anything with
them it would be known by those agencies
and being reported by them which in that
case of NSA they would filter it through
NSA and NSA would redact the name and
the the report would go out with a
series check on it so seeing if anybody
wanted to unmask that so if anybody
asked for that that would be recorded at
NSA and they would know exactly who was
unmasked
and who asked for that to be unmasked so
that's not a question and if you took
the case of in the case of Seth rich if
he was making contacts with with
WikiLeaks there whistling would have
been redacted and some would would have
have to request it be unmasked and if
that was the case they have a record at
it of NSA there and you know there's no
question this should be known already
and it's in the NSA databases or the
GCHQ databases or both you know Dave one
of the things I find really mystifying
is why doesn't Trump with his executive
power demand to find out who unmasked
these names of people and an
investigation into the the leaks because
people have a vested interest material
interest ideological interests in doing
these things I mean of course the
liberal media calls them all heroes okay
I suppose the leaker is you know
depending on what political offense
you're on but it seems that is is Trump
impotent is he unable they have these
things done go ahead Dave well his
executive power is not as great as
you're suggesting I mean when it comes
to to the Justice Department of Justice
Department Investigations which is what
that would have to be there is a sort of
let's say it's an unwritten rule but
fairly stiffly followed that presidents
aren't so aren't allowed to go to the
Justice Department and tell them I want
you to investigate this person I want
you investigate that that that's that's
sort of crossing a line that could get
him in but we could ask could you
investigate the leaking where's this
leaking come from that that's not
targeting an individual it's it's
protecting national security I mean
that's within his purview sir surely
Dave can I add something here okay go
ahead jump in bill yeah go ahead bill go
ahead jump in I was gonna say that the
president can order NSA to deliver up
the list of names that were unmasked and
who requested that he can order that
from the NSA it supports a department
under him he doesn't have to have the
Justice Department do that do you want a
fan to keep going Dave
you want to finish a comment go ahead
yeah no I just was saying there there
are limits to how far you can go and it
they're not legal ones there they're
also political ones that you know if he
if he looks like he's trying to block
the investigation in some way or
undermine it you know he has to tread
carefully because he's going to wind up
alienating people that he needs to have
support him on the Republican side so I
think it's not he's not as free to act
as you might think that yeah you know
that just the objective powers he has
allow him to do Phillip way in on that I
mean just how much power does the
president have to protect himself from
these attacks here of course there's the
issues of propriety and all of that but
I mean these people actually work for
him do you feel that there's a lot of
resistance in around him not to inform
other than things not to give him
options because I get that impression
sometimes but understanding Trump is you
know that's a that would be that will be
a whole academic field one day Trump
studies go ahead Phil yeah would indeed
I kind of agree with Dave on this the I
think it's a it's a question of of
unseemly behavior that he would face a
lot of criticism for which he doesn't
need at this point but on the other hand
let's face it when when President Obama
was in there with his his advisors and
he's kind of made suggestions that he
would like to know more about something
but he didn't want to put it on paper or
make a permanent record you know damn
well that the the Attorney General and
his immediate staff are gonna do what
the president wants and the same thing
is true now with Donald Trump but Trump
is in much deeper waters and I think the
fact is that he has to be Caesar's wife
in this he has to be essentially to a
certain extent be playing the game he
cannot look like he's subverting the
investigation and I bet he already knows
a lot of this information we're talking
about I think bill has made clear that
he
he would have access to quite a bit of
this information but the fact is it
would be it would be probably a mistake
on his part to try to use it you know
what Bill what what go ahead jump in so
we can trump is a weak Trump has been
very severely weakened by all these
scandals and by his own you know inept
use of Twitter he's you know his
popularity is and as low as any
president at this point in a term
historically for pull in the history of
polling it makes him a very weak person
and that was not the case with Obama so
I mean as much as Republicans who are
attacking Obama he had a lot of
popularity across the country so so it
puts Trump in a very weak position to
fight against this stuff you nobody has
to tread carefully
yeah but William let me go back to MIT I
mean we desert but we heard all yeah
that's the objective here but we heard
all of these scandals I would preface
that by saying perception of scandals
okay because there are real scandals and
there are real questions out there but
they're not really surrounding Donald
Trump they go back to the losing
candidate and the losing party and all
of their cronies and all of their
lobbies Lobby lobbyists because there
again as I keep stressing in this
program those are things you can grab
onto and discuss okay you know what he
said she said during a conversation
during the campaign about Russian
adoption I mean you know wow that's
shaking the pillars of the Constitution
here I mean this you can't grab onto it
okay let me to give you the last one
minute on the program here what is gonna
happen next here I mean with these
indictments is that a signal to you and
it's the the the beginning of the end or
the end of the beginning how do you
perceive it well my feeling is that if
there had been any criminal behavior on
the part of the president which would be
the only real grounds for impeachment we
would know that already and so I think
that we are going to see Trump Donald
Trump serving out his
presidency but as Dave suggested it's a
he's in a very weak position he will be
a very weak president I'm not so sure
he's going to get his tax program
through I'm not so sure he's gonna get
any other major legislation through so
he will be like a permanent lame-duck
this is unfortunate because there were
good things that Donald Trump talked
about in the campaign like getting a
handle on immigration like getting out
of the wars in the Middle East and
unfortunately these things have not
borne fruit and and I have a feeling
that they will not bear fruit I think I
might see yeah well some month that's
serious aggression that means that means
the liberal media and the deep State
have won okay that's all the time we
have gentlemen many thanks to my guests
in Washington and in Philadelphia and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember chuckles okay this now for the
extended version of our program let me
go back to you and in Washington if this
in fact does happen we have a permanent
lame duck status here and I said it they
at the end of the the first last segment
is that this would be a victory for the
media and this would be a victory for
the deep state but there's 60 odd
million people that voted for a very
different agenda this will only divide
the country even more and probably give
people less reason to believe in the
political process even the very idea of
democracy itself go ahead bill yeah
that's I think that's true but I think
the answer is to get the truth out about
what's really going on and that that is
the agenda to try to make possible
ministration separatin is it possible to
get a truth out I mean who's going to
investigate the investigators I mean
this is what I find very worrisome I see
everybody covering every everybody
else's backside in this okay I don't
think the powers that be have any
interest in the truth here Dave let me
go to you in Philadelphia I'm sorry to
be that cynical but I think it's true go
ahead Dave well the cynic in me says
that that the people who are promoting
this investigation and we've seen a lot
of Democrat Democratic support for that
including the holdover obama officials
in you know CIA and so on in undermining
trump that that the cynic in me says
what they really want to do is they
don't want to get him impeached which is
probably not going to happen anyway for
political reasons and the structure of
the senate and the house that they don't
want to have him ousted because that
would put pence in as president and
everything that the republicans pass
would sail right through for the rest of
his term well interesting point and what
the the best so the best position for
for the opponents of trump's presidency
is to have him basically wounded and
embattled by a lengthy investigation
that keeps pulling out more dirt and
making him look worse and and believe me
trump is a person i lived in new york
for years when Trump was a developer
there and there's plenty of dirt this
guy to keep you going forever as an
investigative reporter so they're gonna
dig the dirt out they're going to
embarrass him really he's a horrible guy
and again as any is a corrupt guy and
there's a long history of it so they're
gonna dig stuff up and they're gonna
keep trickling it out and he'll be a
less and less popular ok wounded
president let's stay with that thesis I
think it's kind of interesting here but
let me go back to Phil so let me get
this straight here
elected officials go to Washington to
serve the people ok we have civil
servants that are supposed to help
administer the state and and and help
aid elected officials and then we have a
media that is supposed to inform the
public about what is happening around
them ok none of that is in play right
now none of it because what about the
the interests of the people
everything Dave said I think is probably
true but it has nothing to do with the
governor forward for the average person
that goes to the ballot box every four
years ok I find that's the most cynical
thing you could possibly think about
American politics today go ahead Phil
well I would say the the
the explanation for that is follow the
money so that essentially there are
civil servants there are government
legislators who are honest people and do
serve the public but there are many more
of them who are basically saying what's
in it for me and we have this axis
Washington New York financial services
which feeds off itself and runs in a
circle and it's got the media on board
these are the people have basically
calling the shots and creating the
narrative that we're hearing and seeing
and and it's essentially these people
manipulating the government corrupting
the government working with the deep
state which now includes national
security state these are the people are
to blame you know Bill you know I think
one of the things is and if we look like
20 20 30 years from now at this point in
time I think we'll see the level of how
government has been politicized I mean
the deep state when we have the CIA the
the NSA etc etc the FBI particularly how
politicized they become because once
they become politicized it seems very
hard to me to go on to undo it okay
they've already invaded that space
essentially the swamp is in occupation
of these institutions and I think that's
very dangerous go ahead bill yeah I
think you're absolutely right and I
agree with basically with everything
that Phil just said but I would also add
that the truth is going to come out
because there are more whistleblowers
coming out to I can't tell you what
there are going to say about what's
going on but they're going to address
all the people involved in the
conspiracy to to get rid of Trump you
know as president you know Dave you
think that won't hurt to make a member
do you think do you think that will work
I mean because because good people do
come forward and they do tell the truth
here but if the mainstream media is not
interested in your story I read a lot of
the stuff that the beeps group does
which i think is absolutely fantastic
and I remember when they came out with
their theory I know Bill you know about
this hear about it what it was it was a
leak and not a hack and that came out
and became bill came out in Mike
February March and then it finally got
some media coverage in the summer and I
just thought this is an old story but
they wanted to ignore it
do you think the truth will come out
Dave yep that's a very good question I
was just going to say when you had been
talking about that that that you know
bill is a good example of the problem
that bill is a whistleblower yet he came
out with some incredible information
he's not even used as a source by the
media like the New York Times or The
Washington Post or CNN and and the same
with with Ray McGovern yeah you know a
senior CIA analyst is not used as a
source by the mainstream media so it
when when these whistleblowers come out
if they if they challenged the
prevailing paradigm or that the that the
media and that not just the liberal but
even the conservative media
adhere to the the terms of debate then
they don't get talked to you they don't
get brought in their secret guys they
speak and tell you I say that they may
speak truth to power you know fake that
that's true but you know the fake
started with Donald Trump calling the
liberal media fake news is now being
used to attack the alternative media
that's right very legitimate okay
gentlemen media like yours and which is
in what you know that okay we're a
patron out of time here I I hope our
viewers have enjoyed this extended
version of crosstalk and remember
crosstalk rolls
you
