eight former catalan cabinet members
have been jailed without bail by a
spanish court the judge said that they
were denied bail because they were
considered to be at risk of fleeing
clearly a reference to the former cattle
and president he's now in Belgium it all
comes after Catalonia's unilateral
declaration of independence which was
blocked by Madrid many council and
politicians now potentially face jail
time for rebellion protesters have come
out on the streets of Barcelona to show
their support for them
let's get an update now from freelance
journalist based in Madrid that's Martin
Roberts and Martin things have taken a
another turn for the worse a I think is
getting really serious now especially
for those cattle and politicians what
more can you tell us about today's
events well it's the first time that
charges of rebellion have been brought
in Spain since a failed military coup in
1981 defense lawyers of course are
saying that that's why the charges are
overdone but the very serious indeed
because they carry a maximum jail
sentence of up to 30 years that is
indeed one of the reasons of the judge
gave remanding them in custody without
bail now this also shows that the
government what the courts have been
almost as Swift as the government to act
in cracking down on the moves towards
independence as you mentioned the
largely symbolic vote in the parliament
last Friday less than a week ago
well within an hour the government voted
to take back direct control they have
this prepared and now we see that the
courts issued summons is just two days
ago yeah and you know just over 48 hours
later some of them are actually behind
bars now the notable exception to that
is you say his former Catalan president
catalyst poached in mum and another four
of his ex Catalan cabinet members who
were last seen in Brussels so obviously
again that was another thing that led
the judge to believe that there was a
risk of flight but this crisis has been
moving at breakneck speed for almost two
months now and whereas things seem to
have calmed down a little bit after the
weekend well with the demonstrators back
out on the streets seem things seem to
be back a boiling point again and I just
wondered Marty what's your impression of
the independence movement because they
can't lost their leader it put him on
he's fled to Belgium and now the arrest
of so many the prominent politicians but
the protesters are back out on the
streets do they have any momentum do
they have any leaders
they do because the what the people
who've actually been organizing a lot of
the demonstrations oh I mean they were
jailed a couple of weeks ago but they
have deputies and they they can organize
protests at the drop of a hat you know
using social media so I mean nothing the
question is whether they will actually
turn up I think the significant thing
though is that the when Madrid moved to
take over direct rule they were able to
do so very quickly because they
effectively took control of policing and
the Catalan government's purse strings
two months ago all of the government
institutions such as schools and
hospitals are pretty much working as
normally because all but a handful of
people have kept their jobs so I think
in that sense the central government are
very much in charge but again whether
long-term the Catalan people will accept
this is something only time will tell
and indeed a major test of that will be
snap elections which Spanish Prime
Minister Mariano Rajoy using his newly
invested Central Powers has called for
the 21st of December Martin much
appreciate he bring us up to date there
freelance journalist based in Madrid
that's Martin Roberts
