Russia has slammed a report by the UN
and a chemical weapons watchdog which
blames the Syrian government for a
deadly attack in April Moscow says the
report is superficial and unprofessional
the gas attack at karna shakuni in Italy
province killed at least 74 people and
injured hundreds more but dad Damascus
firmly denies carrying it out Arty's
Jacqueline Berger reports on the latest
developments opening remarks came from
Mikhail Ulyanov the head of Russia's
foreign ministry department of
non-proliferation and arms control and
he began by saying that Russia had
expected the joint investigative
mechanism and the fact-finding mission
to conduct a highly organized and
professional investigation collecting
all the necessary evidence in order to
come to a conclusion that would be
irrefutable but he said that those
expectations were not met in the
slightest
one of the main objections coming from
Moscow was the fact that those
conducting it never actually visited the
site of the attack themselves Leonov
reiterated the fact that Russia offered
to facilitate such visits to the side of
the attack itself and the airbase from
which everyone is claiming the attack
was conducted but the opportunity was
refused time and time again and with
them saying that the situation on the
ground was just not stable enough their
safety could not be guaranteed we Aliph
refuted that claim yes they
categorically refused to visit harsh
icon and the Charette airbase the
fact-finding mission cited security
concerns later it turned out it wasn't
true back in October the UN said local
commanders who controlled the area
guaranteed security but the mission
didn't use that opportunity so the whole
investigation was conducted remotely
this is already a scandal an attempt to
mislead the international community he
reminds me other concerns Center on the
fact that Russia believes the chain of
custody of evidence was in fact violated
the fact-finding mission received
samples from opposition groups and that
those samples traveled from the site of
the attack to outside of Syria to
neighboring countries so there's no
telling what happened to those samples
in the meantime and of course whether or
not those samples did in fact come
the site of the attack Moscow also
pointed out that the report is filled
with words and phrases such as possibly
probably we suppose likely leading them
to call their report itself superficial
unprofessional and amateurish the
experts have a course in working on this
investigation for months now of the
alleged sarin gas attack in the illa
province which is believed to claim the
lives of over 80 civilians back in April
of this year
liliana concluded that Moscow does not
seek in any way to undermine the
investigation but in fact the very
opposite wishes just to correct the
shortcomings that Moscow sees in the
investigation so far saying again that
Russia believes that any instance of
chemical attacks should be investigated
in the fullest in a very independent and
unbiased way well Russian defence
ministry experts also presented their
findings its aviation specialists said
Syrian su-22 fighter jets could not have
delivered the toxic weapon that's
because their flight paths recorded by
the coalition did not come within range
of concha Koon moreover no aerial bomb
tails were discovered at the site of the
attack meanwhile the ministry's
explosive experts concluded that the
explosive was improvised they argue that
the shape of the crater had right angles
while craters from aerial bombs around
they also said the traces left by the
explosion and the lack of fragments
suggest the bomb was placed on the
ground
