and over to the UK now where the issue
of alleged Russian meddling has also
surfaced particularly during the brexit
referendum with several inquiries
launched British Prime Minister to
resume expressed concerns over the issue
of Russian intervention take very
seriously issues of Russian intervention
or Russian attempts to intervene in
electoral processes or in the democratic
processes of any country meanwhile
Theresa means our own Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson seem to be joking around
when it came to this issue while at a
Foreign Affairs Committee hearing just
yesterday he was really playing off all
sorts of potential proof when it comes
to Russia's meddling in the elections
here in the UK or believes that the
Russians have played any role in British
elections and referendums new johnson
has so little concern when it comes to
this issue that he was taking it far
enough to even switch to russian at that
hearing but also meanwhile raddish
Electoral Commission is conducting an
inquiry into Russia's potential
involvement there separately in dialogue
with Facebook and Twitter over this
issue
we've also seen a committee the House of
Commons sent a letter to Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg asking him for details
on Russian ads around the time of the
brexit referendum we've also seen a
Labour MP Ben Bradshaw here in the UK
call for an investigation into finding
out any potential interference
particularly Russian when it comes to
really all Western democracies also
these accusations came from the US but
they're connected to Scotland's West
senators saying that somehow Russia is
quote setting up shop in Scotland to
interfere there while all of this hype
is flying around we've obviously seen
that proof has been really painfully
thin on the ground
