as is relative
my beloved nation my distinguished
friends members of parliament esteemed
guests I would like to welcome each and
every one of you
I do hope and pray that our
parliamentary group meeting will be
beneficial for our party for our nation
for our country last week indeed was a
beautiful week we had beautiful visits
we went to Moldova as a first stop in
Moldova we met with President Dolan and
the president the Prime Minister and
then the chairman of the political party
of the Prime Minister and then many
other officials of course we held very
fruitful meetings with all of them for
us
the Cocos locality is a part and parcel
of the country and there we met with our
kinsmen we had beautiful exchanges with
them we attended different events and
there was a town-hall meeting of about
15,000 people that was mostly composed
of our kinsmen and we had the
opportunity of inaugurating during the
inaugural ceremonies of many projects
which we built and these are gifts from
the Turkish nation
to our relatives to our kinsmen living
over there a while ago we also visited
Hungary and we came back with beautiful
memories of that visit as you know there
is the cool Baba shrine the guru Baba
holy place which was restored which was
rebuilt if you will
brought back to its glory days in a
sense so wherever we go in the Balkans
and in Eastern Europe wherever we go in
this part of the world we are always met
with heartfelt emotions and greetings of
the people living there and as we have
always said our physical boundaries are
one thing but the boundaries of our
heart or the influence area of our
hearts are something else and with our
friends with our brothers and sisters
with our kinsmen or within the second
within the latter these boundaries our
relations with them we are now bringing
these relations back up to their design
level after many centuries after a very
long time and when we take a step our
interlocutors take three five steps
towards us and this goes to show that
they also harbor the same affection the
same positive feelings for us and I do
hope and believe that this contact will
get closer and closer and with our
friends we will continue to build a safe
and prosperous future together on Friday
I was in isthmus Saturday in the Arabic
ER and on Sunday in Istanbul I attended
a number of different events came
together with our citizens we had
fruitful exchanges and in hizmet we
actually did the inaugural ceremony for
least our refinery which is a very
critical piece of investment for our
country the other by Johnnie state oil
companies so cash invested six point
three billion US dollars in the star
refinery and now it's open
functioning in our country now when you
look at it as a whole this brings other
by Johnny investment in Turkey or it
represents rather an investment of 10
billion u.s. dollars including all of
its aspects and different components or
with my dear brother Tom we were
together at the opening ceremony and I
do hope and wish that this investment
will be beneficial for you Turkey and
Azerbaijan of course and this actually
is one of the biggest oil facilities or
refineries in all of Europe the Middle
East and North Africa and with this
facility our current account deficit
will actually shrink by 1.5 billion u.s.
dollars we will be looking at two
hundred fourteen thousand barrels per
day and a total of 10 million crude oil
per year and we are also looking at 1.6
million cubic meters of storage space
diesel naphthalene jet fuel and LPG and
similar other oil and petroleum products
will be produced in this refinery and
for their support in making this
investment a reality I would like to go
ahead and thank once again my dear
brother mr. Elia the President of
Azerbaijan on a personal note and on
behalf of my nation
so this facility as you know it's a long
story of course at the beginning of it
all we had a privatization which made
the transfer to Azerbaijan impossible
and then a harbor was also built in the
following phases also at the same area
more or less we have a wind energy
turbines and facilities built so it's a
great facility all in all on Saturday we
were in our new stadium city stadium of
33,000 people we had a youth festival we
had athletes and young people from the
city we had teams of politicians versus
athletes and the match the game if you
will the the starting kick I did the
starting it myself and on the same day
we met with our TR Booker organization
of our political party as well as
representatives of NGOs on Sunday I was
in Istanbul initially for the
inauguration of the new HQ premises of
the Turkish Youth Association foundation
sees me Chewbacca and we met with young
people and that was followed by our
meeting with prime minister's home son
of Cambodia that actually was the first
visit of that level from Cambodia to our
Encanto or to our country and then we
had the ceremony for the opening of the
second phase of each gather if you dare
to check make a metro line which
consists of nine point five kilometers
and seven station status between
iranian and check maker so these
investments of ours to solve the
transportation problems in Istanbul will
continue without a break and in that the
ceremony for this metro line we had
about 20,000 people that was indeed a
scene that was indeed a sight to behold
and of course we will not stop we will
not leave it that there and by the end
of March 2019 we will be continuing the
series of opening ceremonies if you will
so each of these cities that I've just
listed are of symbolic value for our
country and of course this is also a
picture of unity of togetherness of
solidarity of our nation coming together
and taking ownership of their faith and
future and I would like to now go ahead
and extend my gratitude to my citizens
in all three cities I mentioned for
their hospitality and for
warmly welcoming us dear friends now in
this part of our parliamentary group
meeting I would like to go ahead and
talk about the fate of the journalist
Jamal khashoggi who now we know for
certain was murdered in the consulate of
Saudi Arabia in Istanbul and I will try
and be thorough in my assessment of what
happened first of all I would like to
honor the memory of the late Jamarcus
yogi may his roast soul rest in peace
and I extend my condolences to his
fiance to his family to his friends to
the people of Saudi Arabia of which he
was a citizen and to the media world in
general now let's do a refresh of our
memory if you will as regards what has
happened Jamal Khashoggi for the first
time on to 28th of September Friday at
11:50 goes into the chief counsel of
Saudi Arabia in Istanbul for marriage
related reasons and it is now understood
that this visit of khashoggi was
actually in was the information was
given to the team that planned and
executed the murder of the journalist so
that was the beginning of that planning
phase and some consulate officers
officials actually left for their
countries in a haste and this points in
the direction that some preparation work
was indeed done on October 1st at 16:30
a day before the operation Monday that
is at half past 4:00 in the afternoon
a team of three comes to Istanbul
through a scheduled flight a commercial
flight they go to a hotel first and then
to the consulate so in the meantime
another team of people from the
consulate
go on an exploration mission to the
Belgrade forest and to the city of
yellow v''e on the 2nd of October at
1:45 a.m. a team of three people again
took a scheduled flight to Istanbul and
went to their hotel a third team of nine
people including generals took a private
plane landed at the airport and went to
another hotel for the night
so overall the team we're looking at is
a total of 15 people and this team of
people from 950 to 11 a.m. they come in
different groups to the consulate and
meet there the first thing they do is to
remove the hard disk in the camera
system of the consulate and in the
meantime Jamal khashoggi was telephoned
at 11:50 to confirm his appointment on
that day the set on the same day at
early hours Khashoggi comes from London
to Istanbul and enters on foot into the
consular building at 1308 the fiance was
with him at that point in time and after
that point in time no information was
obtained from him no news of him came
out at 17 15 that day in the evening
hours the fiance Masuka show his fiance
resorts to the official authorities of
our country telling the authorities that
mr Khashoggi was being held at the
consular building against his will and
that something bad might have happened
to him upon which the relevant unit of
the Directorate General of the Turkish
National Police in Istanbul start the
investigation they have a look at the
security cameras examined the footage
and it's become certain at that point in
time that mr. khashoggi indeed did not
believe the consular building and of
course as per the Vienna Convention
they have diplomatic immunity but of
course now that's also being discussed
miss mogherini also made a statement
about this point so this Vienna
Convention will probably need to be
discussed and revised so due to this
diplomatic immunity initially no
concrete step was taken these aviv the
building and the officials of the
consular consulate so the turkish
national police and our intelligence
starts looking into the matter in depth
and the office of the istanbul chief
public prosecutor appoints a an acting
prosecutor and they initiate the
investigation of course as in more
in-depth information is collected things
start getting interesting first of all
starting from the day prior to the day
of the murder different planes were
taken by a total of 15 saudi safety
intelligence and forensics experts who
came to our country six of this team
leave on october 2nd at 18 27 of them
leave on the same day at 2250 taking
private claims and also another person
who was given the impression or the the
look of mr. Jamarcus shogi with his
outfit with his glasses and the beard
this individual and individual
accompanying him also took a scheduled
flight after midnight to Riyadh and on
the day of the incident the personnel
working at the consulate consulate and
the residents were gathered together and
the explanation given to them was that
there was an inspection going on then
they were leaved they were left to go
that day they were asked to leave so the
administration of Saudi Arabia first
rejected the claims on October 4th that
khashoggi was killed and the chief
consulate officer actually invites on
October 6th a
a correspondent of Reuters inside the
consular building and he opens and
closes doors of crowd of cupboards the
utility panes and different areas of the
consular office but of course that was
done in a manner that was far from being
serious but in the meantime our National
Police our intelligence services or
prosecution services can continue to
concentrate on their investigations of
obtaining information and documentation
and our Ministry of Foreign Affairs also
was in constant communication with their
counterparts to discuss the issue and to
share information on October 11 there
was a group of special representatives
who came to our country from Saudi
Arabia and different contacts were made
with them and of course after the matter
being kept on the agenda by our
community by by our press community by
our the global media focusing on this
issue the consular services allowed the
consular premises to be searched of
course dear friends we have to ask
certain questions and find answers to
these questions because this incident
happened in Istanbul and we have as a
result responsibility so we asked people
of responsibility we have the right to
ask these questions the shot as things
start to clarify of course other
countries started taking action and at
every opportunity of course we've made
it clear that we will not remain silent
in the face of this murder
and that we will take every step
required by our conscience and by the
law on top of that of course we had to
wait for the end
of the examinations and the
investigations so that we would not
false incriminate anyone his Excellency
the king of Saudi Arabia Salman bin
Abdulaziz the custodian of the Two Holy
Mosques
we had a phone conversation with him for
the first time on the 14th of October
and I explained to him the present
situation in light of the information we
had at that point in time and during
this telephone conversation I actually
talked explain to him the talks we had
with the special delegation of
Representatives he had previously sent
and I informed him of our joint decision
to have a joint investigative group and
we had an agreement on the fact that
this would be the path to follow upon
the instructions of the King teams from
the prosecution service and from to our
Turkish National Police went into the
consular premises and did some
examination of course before that it was
not allowed by the consular officials
and when that first team of
Representatives came and talked to me I
explained certain things to this team of
Representatives as to how insufficient
and incompetent this consular
the Consul was and I conveyed the same
message to his Excellency the king as
well so after that conversation the
following day the Consul General was
removed from his position in the
meantime the Consul General who was in
Istanbul had to go back to his country
he left so there was another round of
examinations in the consular premises on
the 18th of October on the 19th of
October that is to say 17 days after the
murder the Saudi administration
officially admitted that Jamal Khashoggi
was murdered inside the consular
premises inside the consular building in
the statement from the administration it
was mentioned that khashoggi died during
a brawl that erupted
in the building on the same day in later
hours of the day I had another phone
conversation with the King Salman bin
Abdulaziz he told me that after the
acknowledgment of the murder 18 people
who were implicated were arrested that
was the information he provided to me
and the individuals on the list that was
provided to our country while we found
out that they were the same names as
determined by our security and national
intelligence services so this team of 15
people plus three others these three
others were already consular officials
so of course this development is
important in the sense that the murder
was officially acknowledged and accepted
on the 21st of October I have a
comprehensive phone conversation with
President Trump of the United States of
America and we had an agreement that the
incident needs to be clarified in all of
its aspects of course as the government
of turkey is the state of Turkey we have
handled this whole process in compliance
with the seriousness of these state
matters and affairs international law
and the legislation of our country
despite this being the case of course
certain media outlets conducted a
campaign in order to blame our country
and implicate our country and to shift
focus shift the attention of the people
and we know full well who was behind
this campaign and what their purpose was
of course these attempts to assassinate
the these.this the nature of of
seriousness that we had our country has
shown has not kept us from fully
investigating what has happened well
before everything this murder yes was
indeed committed in the Saudi consular
building which is considered as Saudi
soil but one must not forget that that
area is within the boundaries
Oh the Republic of Turkey also the
Vienna Convention and other rules of
international law do not allow the
investigation of such a vicious murder
to be prevented by resorting to the
shield of diplomatic immunity and of
course we will investigate this murder
which was permitted inside our country
in all of its aspects we will look into
it and we will do whatever is rent
necessary on the other hand of course
Jamal khashoggi was a Saudi national but
on top of that he was a world renowned
journalist and this of course gives us
an international responsibility on top
of her own sovereignty rights Turkey
will be persistent in the follow-up of
this incident on behalf of the
international community and as a
representative of the joint conscience
of mankind the information and the
evidence that we have so far collected
indicate that Jamal khashoggi was slain
in a vicious violent murder whitewashing
such barbarity will of course injured
and boond the conscience of all humanity
and we are of course looking forward to
the same sensitivity being demonstrated
by the administration of Saudi Arabia
and all other parties to this affair
dear friends the Saudi Arabian
administration took an important step by
acknowledging and admitting the murder
and now our expectation from them going
forward is that all those responsible
from the highest degree Thais level to
the lowest level will be highlighted
will be brought to justice and will get
the punishment they deserve
and there are indeed strong signs that
the incident was not a thing a momentary
issue or a momentary result of something
that erupted on-site but rather the
result of a planned operation and of
course in light of the existing
information the following questions
still are relevant so all 15 people who
have backgrounds that are in one way or
another connected to what happened or
what was planned why was this team of
people assembled in Istanbul on that day
on the day of the murders
who gave the instruction to these
individuals to come to Istanbul looking
for an answer to this question as well
why was the consular premises not opened
to examinations on that day or the
following day but many days later we
need an answer to this now as it is it
is now clear of course there was a
murder and it was clear from the
beginning then why was there a slurry of
incoherent statements and now there is
official acknowledgement that there was
a murder where is the body why do we
still not have the body if the
information that the body was given to a
local cooperator co-conspirator and this
is information by an authority by the
way now my question is who is this local
co-conspirator because it's not an
ordinary person mentioned this local
co-conspirator it is a person of
authority from Saudi Arabia who made
that statement so you have to reveal the
identity of this local co-conspirator
you will do this before these questions
are answered no one should have the
faintest idea that what happened will be
covered up
so there is of course some additional
information that is now being assessed
by our security and intelligence
services but of course that information
also points to the fact that the
incident was pre-planned premeditated
as the examination of these bits of
pieces of information is complete it
will of course make its way into the
official investigation file by the
prosecution services of course we cannot
put the blame on a number of security or
intelligence officials or such an
incident it will not satisfy either us
or the international community and the
international conscience will only be
satisfied when everyone is held
accountable the executors and the
persons or the people who gave the
instruction personally I do not doubt
the sincerity of his Excellency the King
Salman bin Abdulaziz custodian of the
Two Holy Mosques however it is very very
important that there is a truly
impartial and just delegation that does
the investigation looking into what has
happened and since this is a political
murder if there are other people or
circles implicated in other countries
they have to be included in that
investigation as well this is the
requirement of international law Islamic
law and I also believe that a
requirement of the law of the land of
Saudi Arabia as Turkey we will continue
to follow up on this matter and whatever
is required by our own laws and
international law we will make sure that
those steps are taken
also let me make a call here today
here's the call this is a call to his
Excellency the king of Saudi Arabia
Salman bin Abdulaziz custodian of the
Two Holy Mosques and of course the
senior officials of the administration
now this incident took place in Istanbul
therefore this team of 15 plus 318
people their trials I'm proposing that
their trials be held in Istanbul
of course it's their prerogative it's
therapy appreciation but this is my
recommendation this is my suggestion
because this is where the incident
happened
dear friends another subject on our
agenda is the developments around the
discussions on an amnesty and the issue
of national oath that are recent now as
you know with the 15th of July turkey
entered into a new era in many matters
including political alliances and
cooperation and this cooperation
environment and atmosphere contributed a
great deal to the success of our fight
against terrorist organizations in our
country now in the process of having
switching over to this new system along
with the MHP the nationalist movement
party we have been involved in a very
efficient alliance first in the
parliament and then in the referendum of
the 16th of April and then finally in
the elections on the 24 4th of June of
course the nation itself made this
alliance the People's Alliance possible
as the executive levels of our political
parties we listened to the voice of our
nation and we engaged ourselves in
sincere solidarity of course being in an
alliance on fundamental matters such as
the construction of the new
administrative system does not require
the two parties to be on the same line
on every matter of course our party and
the MHP the nationalist movement party
are two separate political parties with
their own policies of course we acted
jointly in matters of agreement but in
matters of this agreement we are
following on our own specific cuts over
the recent period with the MHP we have
had differences of opinion in such
matters as a potential amnesty the
national oath the early retirement and
the decision of the Council of State now
due to the importance we attach to the
People's Alliance we have tried as much
as that has been possible to use a
constructive language to make our
differences of opinion clear we of
course will defend our policies to the
end but we never would even consider to
be disrespectful to anyone that isn't
even a fleeting thought in our minds and
in fact in the that kind of a rhetoric
has no place in our way of doing
politics for instance when the issue of
an amnesty was first introduced while I
gave an instruction to my friends
immediately and we actually looked into
the matter in quite detail and the
results we obtained showed us that a
regulation as was proposed would
actually lead to consequences that would
disrupt and disturb the conscience of
our nation that is why we tried to
explain through different examples why
and that we actually did not have a
favorable outlook on this proposal
so the main principle here is that a
state has the authority of pardoning
and amnesty crimes committed against the
state but when it comes to crimes
against a nation people to individuals
the state does not have the authority to
pardon these crimes
well we have to first understand the
following point very well if justice is
the foundation of the state then we have
to be just to keep the state alive when
you have drug lords and the other people
how assisting in working with the drug
lords I mean we are fighting against
drug lords we are fighting against the
dealers on the streets and we're
fighting against and dealing with the
people who are abusing substances
never in our history in our past have
they been so successful in terms of
fighting against drugs and drug
production and prog utilization in all
of our regions across the country we
actually did whatever was necessary we
did all the interventions we seized tons
of substances and right now in across
our prisons we have about 50,000 people
convicted of drug-related charges and
crimes now my question to our nation in
front of their televisions watching us
live
can you call these people victims of
their fate well some say they were
tricked they were fooled what do you
mean what does it mean these are not
children 6 7 8 10 years of age all of
them knew what word they were getting
into they use drugs they sold drugs they
acted as the intermediary are these the
people victims of their fate on the
other hand you have murderers who killed
people
are we supposed to call them such a
thing a victim of their fates you have
thieves are they a victim of their fate
you take him out from prison and then
they go back to their old ways and still
even more are these people victims of
their faith are the oppressors the
victims of their fate and the list goes
on and on when you get the full list you
see what it's about when it comes to
crimes committed against the state
that's another thing and what ever can
be done on that front we will try to do
it and our colleagues of course our
friends have been working on such issues
and they're continuing to work on these
issues when we as the state pardon a
murderer the family of the victim how do
you explain that dear brothers and
sisters similarly there's this issue of
people who have the hurdle of age when
it comes to their retirement well on
that front the burden was simply too
heavy to be borne by our country our
nation so it's clear of course the
decision will be made by the Parliament
and by members of the Parliament as the
president and the chairman of our party
it is also of course very clear for us
to share these sensitivities of ours
with our nation but other than that and
beyond that it is not even possible for
