New York Times has published a mammoth
special report describing Russia's
alleged interference in the 2016 US
presidential election out of a 10,000
words in the article the word alleged is
used only twice with the story instead
apparently portraying many unproven
accusations as facts
Jacklyn Booga delved into the reporter a
way to unravel the Russia stories so far
the New York Times special report into
the saga looks impressive masses of
subsections fancy photoshopping and
multiple timelines and they all lead
back to a Kremlin conspiracy to get its
man in the White House as mr. Trump
emerged in spring 2016 as the improbable
favorite for the Republican nomination
the Russian operation accelerated on
three fronts the hacking and leaking of
democratic documents massive fraud on
Facebook and Twitter and outreach to
trump campaign associates it's 2016 and
anonymous banners hung from a bridge are
the suspected work of Moscow the linked
Russian BOTS sharing images online
this was Russia's way of bragging to the
world that Donald Trump was their man
but what seems strange here is that's a
sincere conclusion the unraveling
continues the line blurs between
accusations and hard fact here we have
the indictments of those quizzed in the
Muller investigation that same day in
Moscow March the 15th a veteran hacker
named Avaya Markov a Russian military
intelligence officer working for a
secret outfit called unit 2/6 165 began
probing the computer network of the
Democratic National Committee hitting
nine states in three weeks in summer
2014 on iboga Chava and Alexandre
krilova was supposed to gather
intelligence to help them mimic
Americans on Facebook and Twitter the
evidence is all there names dates and
motives again all from indictments now
I'm sure the New York Times isn't
willing to accept mother's word as
gospel but things seem a little too
dramatic perhaps even for President
Putin Putin is angry the Russian leader
thought the United States and Hillary
Clinton had sought to undermine his
presidency and there are plenty more
where that came from
somehow I doubt the Russian president
handed over an I hate Hilary diary to
the New York Times but the bombshell DNC
hack thanks again to those indictments
allow the special report to point
fingers today there is no doubt to hack
the DNC and the Clinton campaign a
detailed indictment of 12 officers of
Russia's military intelligence agency
filed in July by mr. Muller documents
their every move let's put aside the
fact that the information exposed real
issues in the Democratic Party
not ones dreamt up or spun by trolls
something else worth noting but the
report doesn't is only a company called
CrowdStrike hired by the DNC had access
to their servers the FBI and Muller are
at the mercy of their findings because
those servers were wiped clean why good
question there is page after page of
this stuff here's some of the quick
highlights Budin may have won Trump the
election but who knows that meeting with
Trump jr. and a Russian Laura was to get
rid of anti Russia sanctions but was
that all Trump is correct when he tweets
in all caps that no collusion proof has
been found but we just wrote a whole
article about it I think you get the
picture in all fairness the New York
Times does have an argument as to why
there is so little public information to
back them up it's just not been made
public
mr. Malla and his prosecutors only
rarely go public with the evidence that
they've been steadily gathering in
secret interviews and closed-door
sessions of a grand jury as you build a
picture in this Russia riddle
it seems unnamed sources have shaped it
almost entirely so the takeaway from
this two years ago Donald Trump won the
US election and there are plenty of
accusations that Russia is responsible
well as always lots of reaction to such
stories we heard from independent
journalists on former correspondent for
The Wall Street Journal Joe Lauria he
says the article fails to meet basic
journalistic standards one of the
foundations of reporting journalism 101
is there are two sides to every story
and that an indictment or an accusation
even from government is only that an
accusation and an indictment and it
needs to be proven in a court of law and
you always use the word alleged when
discussing whatever the government
alleges that someone else has done
proven in the court of law then it's a
conviction but until that happens it is
not fact it is not proven it is not the
truth it is an allegation and that's all
we've got from the Muller indictments
our allegations have to report the
indictment obviously but it doesn't mean
that it's true and yes that is what
they've done their ethics here are
abominable because they are taking and
they're not the only one CNN they're all
doing that they're taking this as fact
when it's only an accusation I think
they realize they're in trouble and
their reputation is at stake so they
have to stick to this they're not going
to reverse themselves and begin to say
well we really got some of this wrong
that would destroy their reputation
their credibility and their journalists
lives on the reputation and credibility
of course the public suffers
you
