hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter level in
the age of Trump political gridlock has
been taken to the next level there's a
lot at stake a Supreme Court seat and
presidential prerogatives in the end
it's all about the rule of law and equal
application of the law we are gazing
into the abyss with compromise unlikely
cross-checking political gridlock I'm
joined by my guest Lionel in New York
he's a legal analyst and a news decoder
at Lionel Mediacom in Las Vegas we have
Jenn Kearns
she's a GOP strategist and contributor
to the hill and in Ossining we cross
through Don debar he's an anti-war
activist and a host of a daily radio
program
all right cross hopper rules in effect
that means he can jump in anytime you
want and I always appreciate it Jenn let
me go to you first in Las Vegas you're
the you got up early us for this program
and it's much appreciated and looking at
the Cavanaugh confirmation process
ironically for a seat on the highest
court of the land where justice is meted
out this has been a mockery of justice
I'm not gonna tiptoe around like
everybody else I think this is a mockery
it's a disgrace and it's purely
political and I've I've been saying on
this program with the advent of Donald
Trump that we have the left destroying
institutions and incredibility in
institutions so you've got my take I'm
very interested in yours go ahead well I
would agree with you Peter and not only
have they made a mockery of the justice
system I think we're entering into very
dangerous waters here I can speak as as
the woman on the panel I find in
particular the weaponization of sexual
assault allegations to be turned into
political weapons to be a very dangerous
territory I think it's offensive to
women in particular and I think it's
offensive to anyone who actually was
sexually assaulted we don't know yet if
this particular accuser if her account
which she doesn't remember much about it
doesn't remember let's point out how she
actually got to the party that night
some nearly 40 years ago doesn't
remember whose house it was yet she's
certain that it was Judge Kavanagh that
was in the room with her so I think
there are a lot of questions about this
but I think that the big question here
really is are we in these new
unchartered waters and here's how I know
if it walks like a duck and talks like a
duck it probably is a duck I think this
is a political hit job how do we know I
seen this twice before with my own eyes
we saw this in the Roy Moore case in the
Alabama Senate race
we saw Gloria Allred come out and say
there was this yearbook inscription that
they were certain was judge Roy Moore
from some 40 years ago again very
similar circumstance well it turned out
in the end just a couple of days before
the election some handwriting and ink
experts came forward and said that most
of that inscription was a forgery that
it had recently been written in that his
signature was accurate and likely from
40 years ago but the inscription of like
hey I'll meet you down at the restaurant
was actually a forgery you never heard
about that case again no but not until
Judge Moore was dragged through the mud
what exactly I mean you will get to talk
about Russia Russia Russia in the second
half of the program once something is
this proof that just disappears though
it never really happened here Lionel let
me go to you in New York I mean this is
the weaponization of the me2 movement
and it's because Cavanaugh is obviously
a conservative but when I talked about
the destruction of institutions the
Senate committee that you know confirms
him is to judge if he is competent to be
a judge and every three all through the
three days it was proven that he's more
than competent and and and and in the
11th hour an extra procedurally we get
this nonsense being thrown at him the
man can't even defend himself
go ahead Lionel look you know when you
call it the weaponization of me too that
makes it sound like there's some there's
some rhyme or reason to it I'm a former
prosecutor try picking up the phone
right now calling anybody police your
local DA and say listen I might have
been attempted or an attempted rape may
have occurred 36 years ago which I'm
going to bring up now which is fine and
by the way I've had the chance to talk
to or this particular person that I'm
going going to report on has appeared
six times during six different FBI
investigations and this person who was
the subject of my complaint met with
Dianne Feinstein just happened to be a
Supreme Court justice Friday
a thousand questions it never came up oh
and by the way this thing that are
bringing up now they've known since July
I would be summarily removed from any
consideration not because of me - not
because women are not believed but it's
like this case is old it is stale
there's a problem and it is fraught with
evidentiary problems now if you can't
even get a police department to pay
attention to you not because of the me -
but not because the woman but because
the case is just weak and there are real
serious pending cases of rape where
women remember everything about it
you're telling me that yet this holds
water holds wait for a supreme quality
pathetic attempt on-site it's a poem
it's a political Hail Mary is what this
is all about here you know done again I
I look at principles and core ideas and
they the whole presumption of innocence
is being destroyed this is a precedent
that no matter who your political
enemies no matter it particularly if
they're over 40 or in their 50s you just
go back to someone when they're 17 the
and you have no recourse this is a
dangerous dangerous precedent to set
because it can be used against anyone go
ahead dawn
first of all let's remember the fact
that we live in an irony free zone and
start with this irony much of the float
that's being given to with Christine
ablaze affords case it's being organized
through moveon.org move on meaning after
the accusations against Bill Clinton
were made drop all of that and move on
that was the basis of moveon.org
was to put aside these were claims for
women one
Juanita Broderick said she was raped she
was on television she said Bill Clinton
raped me not groped me as a teenager as
Arkansas Attorney General when she was
35 years old he raped me move on
Kathleen Willey
who said that on 16 she went on 60
minutes and said that Bill Clinton
assaulted her sexually rubbed his Willy
jr. against her against her will and did
so until what they call in the massage
parlour business a happy ending okay
this will also move on from this Leslie
mill we as a reporter who had similar
experiences with that and she said I
didn't report it because I saw what Bill
and Hillary Clinton were doing to people
that did report it I was intimidated
even though I was a journalist by the
abuse public abuse taken at the hands of
those two people and then of course
Paula Jones who by the way got paid
eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars
by Bill Clinton to shut up and go away
okay that is the accusers side and move
on that's what we were supposed to move
on from and now they're working on the
basis that they have against Kavanagh
which is one person's recollection from
that long ago against nothing else no
other evidence except to people who say
no it didn't happen I don't even know if
it actually did happen considering
everything gee I was Jen you're a
Republican strategies and I have an
important question for you is the
Republican Party which I'm not a member
of I'm a conservative but is the
Republican Party good to grow a backbone
and make sure this confirmation moves
through because I really don't like them
turning into warm milk and I'm not gonna
name the names but I mean this they are
it's really in their hands right now
okay and I and I'm wondering as the
strategist is a Republican Party gonna
do the right thing and not just go soft
go ahead in Las Vegas I I think they are
Peter and you see this here
Chuck Grassley is doing a phenomenal job
in saying look we've afforded miss Ford
every opportunity to come forward we've
offered her a private shielded testimony
never mind that Cavanaugh has been
tracked through the mud we're going to
give her private testimony but I think
they're gonna hold to this 10:00 a.m.
Friday deadline that she has to come
forward and say whether she will plan to
testify and whether she'll plan to
and any evidence of this I think they're
going to stick to that but but I think
the big big lesson here is that the
Republican Party has finally learned
their lesson and going back to those
examples I shared that we've seen this
type of political hit job before
therefore we know it's a political hit
job as a strategist in California for
many years and as Schwarzenegger
appointee you might remember in the 2003
recall elections this exact thing
happened to Arnold Schwarzenegger yep
so it was an October Surprise situation
Gloria Allred brought out I think it was
18 women who claimed that Governor
Schwarzenegger had groped them showed
virtually no evidence of it and guess
what Gloria Allred in that case just
like the Roy Moore case in Alabama said
no matter what if he gets elected or not
we're gonna pursue these cases to the
ends of the earth and guess what
happened after election day those
charges weren't pursuing the cases were
dropped they did move on and that tells
you right there that's a political
capital I know before we go to the break
you know Lionel as a former prosecutor
when someone accuses some someone else
what kind of responsibilities must they
take on to make that accusation in
public because it seems like it's only
Cavanaugh that has to take
responsibilities for somebody else's
word go ahead Lionel well one of the
things is that if they do involve the
FBI in this and she has to give answer
questions there's this wonderful statute
called 18 USC 1001 which says if you lie
to the FBI which is what they got Martha
Stewart on you're subject to criminal
prosecution but let me just guess
something and this is just conjecture on
my part something tells me that somehow
I don't know why we can go through the
the her background and pedigree and
provenance but somebody said here's one
because it's an 11th hour political move
and they're gonna pull her into this and
now she's claiming she was threatened
and that's awful and we should all stand
against that but let me tell you
something when her attempt when she's
been pulled out exposed and she is no
longer needed watch how the Democratic
Party just discards her you will never
hear anything about her again you will
never see any follow up how are you
doing thanks for nothing
because this is the big messages to the
next person decides that you're gonna
come forward watch what happened to
Anita Hill and watch what happens here
this is what they do
particularly when we have we have people
in the in the GOP saying what you really
need doesn't need to speak to the
authorities okay all right we're gonna
jump in here after a short break we'll
continue our discussion on political
gridlock stay with our team well let me
go back to the dawn it's finally
happening it should have happened a long
time ago Donald Trump is ordering the
release of documents related to the
Carter page FISA warrant and all other
documents from the intelligence
community regarded to regarding Russia
Russia Russia which I'm so sick of after
two years this document released could
clear up a lot of things and tie up a
lot of loose ends my humble opinion but
of course the intelligence community is
fighting back with congressional
Democrats go ahead done well first of
all I'm gonna state something that has
been my position since the church
earrings back in the 70s I hope that
somehow Trump gets the light and what is
the release of all the documents ever
created by the CIA and that includes
releasing the techniques and statecraft
and everything that they've used to do
all of the nefarious things they've done
since Harry Truman founded them in the
40s that's so that's this is my
framework what we're talking about here
is an allegation with pretty strong you
know first-hand evidence in front of
everybody more or less that the
intelligence agencies have tampered with
have meddled in the political process
here that they abused a court that is
itself an abuse of the Constitution the
FISA Court ran right over the so called
safeguards exposing that there are none
and use that court for political
purposes so that they could wiretap one
of the campaign's feed the information
the other campaign use it to discredit
the first campaign the subject campaign
and then use it to tie up the presidency
after that campaign became the
administration to me that is a pile of
compounded felonies you know including
you know the treason word that they've
been throwing around unprecedented in
American history yet Jen let me go back
to you Mike I'll go back to my favorite
mantra here you know Donald Trump as the
elected inaugurated President of the
United States has he can release any
document he wants that is his
presidential prerogative it is written
into the Constitution and now we have
this insurrection going on and in
watching those clowns over at CNN and
MSNBC saying this is a threat to our
security no it's just a it's a defective
air security because the truth will come
out they're not protecting the United
States and the American people or the
world they're protecting their lower
back ends go ahead in Las Vegas right
and and the truth of the matter is the
wiretapping threatened every American
security look we still don't know the
reason why Samantha power the UN and
absolutely unmasked the identity of
nearly four hundred Americans under her
own name she was just one player in the
Obama administration add to that Susan
Rice and many others in the
administration of Barack Obama that were
spying on Americans and so I think
President Trump did the right thing here
you look at someone like Carter page a
private citizen who was clearly dragged
through the mud even some of the
mainstream media is admitting to that
now that after a year of being under
investigation Carter page may not have
been involved in some of these
activities as as the Obama
administration suggested he was and boy
I'm glad to see transparency here it's
funny when the shoe is on the other foot
now you know Democrats are always
hollering about transparency and
accountability and the intelligence
agencies when did the roles reverse went
when did Washington become even swampy
er than before
Democrats usually would support this
kind of thing but they're not because
they don't know
no because their Messiah president was
the most secretive president in American
history
Lionel jump in right in ninety in 1971
there was a group called the Citizens
Committee to investigate the FBI and
they broke in these these are a bunch of
real leftists real progressive liberals
who broke in to the media Pennsylvania
FBI office stole information and showed
the media look what the FBI is doing
that later involved or revealed : tell
Pro which led to the Church Committee
and the left the actual left real
liberals Constitution flag-waving
Patriots of the left they used to look
at the Intel state the deep state the
police state as the enemy something
happened some kind of weird I don't know
some type of of a sedative or something
was placed intravenously into the
collective conscious of these people and
now the left the people who portray
these progressives they're the ones
arguing for more of this this Intel
state abuse now Carter page is going to
be one of the richest people in the
world because the American people still
don't understand what he did he had a
title one FISA warrant on him and to
look at him in public I don't know if he
was if he he kind of seemed kind of
duped and dismayed and dazed but this is
an individual who had the full force the
absolute weight of the Intel state and
the problem is that when you see the
Rachel Maddow's and all these people who
by the way in interview the oven mitt
fashionista who all of a sudden is
speaking about you know rape or form and
that's what they but the left these
people who fancy themselves as being
believers in the Constitution now are
indeed what the right used to be this is
a complete swimmin road I don't know
who's in charge anymore okay I think I
do did dawn here I mean it you know it
wasn't until December of 2016 I mean in
my circles we referred to the deep state
all of the time but you know the New
York Times would never use that for a
CNN
even know what it meant they don't even
they don't even know what much means
these days but it is the deep state they
don't want their power taken away from
them and in that sense it's not really
so left or right there there they deeply
embedded in it and they know that once
these documents this documents when
they're released grudgingly they're
going to expose more and more and more
and we're gonna see people throwing
people under the bus it's gonna be a
really traumatic event of course they
want to focus on everything else except
for what's going really going on if
you're watching CNN and MSNBC you barely
have an idea this stuff is going on and
it's so lopsided right now go ahead Don
you know it's kind of frightening too
because the objective context is this
thing that's now called the deep state
it has been around long enough for it to
have had previous names the one I
remember in the period that Lionel's
talking about was the permanent
government right and it's the same
characters I and I assume that the label
on the Paycheck that goes out to them
got changed at some point the last few
years from permanent government Inc to
deep State Inc or LLC or whatever what
the rallying cry is I mean certainly the
position of people who are held out to
be leftist who claim to be leftist you
know in public visa vie the intelligence
agencies has done a 180 degree shift
from calling for the dismantling back in
the Church Committee times and viewing
them as the enemy and you know talk to
Professor Churchill for example to you
know holding them out as the saviors of
our democratic society which is the
nonsense that we hear now but the larger
narrative is even more frightening
because the these intelligence agencies
are claiming to protect us the American
public from getting too friendly with
Russia when essentially we should be
preparing for war and that to me is the
central policy that's being sold in the
public and that means that somewhere at
somebody's intended policy going forward
and it's a very dangerous
see obviously you know you know Jenny
the thing is I'm glad to hear ya I'm
glad that John brought up the church
committee because maybe a lot of our
viewers weren't even born by then but it
really was a scathing review of the
behavior of the intelligence community
but the press was genuinely interested
the media was genuinely interested and
and put their feet to the fire
look what we have today now they're just
a continuation of this deep state in the
way they report on this they I mean John
Brennan for goodness sake it's an
honored contributor on MSNBC I I can't
wait to see that guy sweat go ahead Jen
in Las Vegas right well to Lionel's
point that something changed along the
way it's funny you mentioned John
Brennan I was just about to say the
thing that changed as the Democrats
finally realized that all they needed
was a vein to get into the intelligence
community of the United States and the
person who injected the fusion GPS
document which by the way was paid for
by Hillary Clinton and the DNC all they
needed was a vein a way to get it into
the Intel community and they did so
through John Brennan and if you look at
Brennan I love that President Trump
revoked his security clearance and his
right to rifle through all the
intelligence briefings guess what you
notice you guys notice the leaks have
stopped since that happened and what
does that tell you that tells you that
John Brennan was indeed the leaker he
did have a political axe to grind and by
the way you're not supposed to be
allowed to be a paid Network contributor
and also have access to highly
classified intelligence briefings that
in my opinion as someone who went
through journalism 101 in college knows
better than that
but unfortunately the lines in
Washington these days are so mixed that
that was allowed to happen and and it's
a real shame you know Lionel we haven't
heard much from James Oh lordie Comey
lately I wonder why they connect to the
fact that we're gonna his name is
getting it back in the news again in a
big big way that's why that's why I
wrote the book and sold it before it
happened
mark my words he's gonna need a league
money for legal fees go ahead Lionel
well if you want to see what's
interesting go to of course social media
and look at the at the image he's
portraying he's at Mount Rushmore and
he's a feeding you know the reading to
the blind that he's doing everything he
can because he realizes that the that
the hammer is about to drop let me
explain something this might be one of
the greatest presidents in my lifetime
if all he does is simply well two things
number one destroy what was left of the
fascist sock puppet Ted Baxter media and
expose the people that the intel state
the FBI the CIA and by the by let
remember there are many many white hats
as they're called good people out there
FBI agents investigating bank robberies
and cie people doing really good job
it's this upper echelon we're not
talking about the entire institutional
aspects of it being corrupt and being
feculent and rotten by this but just
just the certain levels of this but and
also I want to go back
if you thought J Edgar Hoover was back
if you thought okay we've run out of
time but mentioning Jagger Hoover is
very appropriate at this point here many
thanks to my guests in New York Ossining
and in Las Vegas and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here at RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
