Beijing is accusing Sweden of
mistreating Chinese tourists and even of
violating their human rights that's
after a row erupting between staff for
the Swedish hostile in the capital and
Chinese family over check-in time this
is some of the footage this Akili Lee
just like home to say these are the
killing people they destroy the police
at midnight for police to toss
defenseless tourists as a graveyard in a
desolate place is too much yeah the
Chinese foreign ministry has made
complaints to the Swedish side under the
urgent it's a thoroughly investigate the
case you need emotional
we only know that we have done
everything we could do for this guest
but at the same time we cannot accept
that our staff are exposed to threats
and that other guests will suffer from a
threatening situation
you
