there is it a burner raging in
washington washington needs more doers
and innovators that's why I'm running
for US Congress
you lost I will beat joe manchin and
ditch cocaine Mitch for the sake of the
kids
I need six more years to complete my
mission
thank you
then mr. Trump said you're fired
I love that part ever thought we'd be
saying this but Bigfoot erotica has
become a campaign issue this new drawing
of Bigfoot is from the Instagram account
of Denver Riggleman he's a Republican
running for Congress in Virginia his
opponent Democrat Leslie Cockburn
thought voters should know and publicize
them
the Russian Federation is proud to
endorse Dana Rohrabacher for Congress
you are a true Russian hero
America needs more leaders like Donna
who recognized that the world is better
off with a stronger bolder and
ever-expanding Russian Federation
Donna's our man
you
