hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
in the age of Trump winning is all that
matters the phrase by any means
necessary
has truly been weaponized now politics
has little to do with policy front and
center are perceived cultural grievances
and resentments just ask Brett Kavanaugh
crosstalking the politics of grievance
I'm joined by my guest
Nate Lerner in New York he is executive
director of build the wave in percival
we have ned ryan he is founder and CEO
of american majority and in auburn we
cross to jeff dice he is president of
Mises Institute
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in any
time you want I always appreciate Jeff
let me go to you first in Auburn I
really wanted to talk about the politics
of resentment in grievance and in very
broad terms and then we had the case
with the Supreme Court nominee Cavanaugh
kind of blow up blow up and it's good to
probably obsess this for the next week
and then then for former Vice President
Joe Biden he has his comment Trump
supporters are the dregs of society I
thought we got over the deplorable
mistake here it seems to be repetitive
and it does seem to be focused on this
politics of grievance and resentment how
do you put it all together go ahead Jeff
in Auburn
I think the Cavanaugh hearings are the
latest flashpoint I was a little
surprised to hear Biden say that he
actually set some conciliatory things
back when he was on the Senate Judiciary
Committee way back in the Clarence
Thomas nomination days so this is
perhaps Biden thinking about running for
president who knows but the deplorable
stuff it's look both sides think this
largely about the other both sides
imagine that maybe 30 40 percent of the
country is beyond redemption I don't
know how you deal with that politically
neither side has much of a theory about
how you deal with politically vanquished
people they don't just go away and that
what bothers me about all this is that
everything's become so politicized that
we imagine every aspect of our life has
to be viewed through this lens and I
think the Cavanaugh hearing reflects it
I think this is a pretty milquetoast guy
a pretty down the middle guy in terms of
Republican nominee for the Supreme Court
I I think that as part of the spoils
system Trump basically gets to have his
nominees absent something really
terrible David was he involved in some
kind of sexual misconduct I don't know
that that's a factual question but but
the point is that you know what
Cavanaugh did or didn't do is almost be
the point this is a war and they don't
want Trump to have a victory and Trump
doesn't want Democrats to have a victory
by killing his nomination that's what's
really going on here it's a proxy war
okay Naida in New York ground weigh-in
or what we just heard from Jeff here
because you know you see used to term a
vanquished people and I think that's
what a lot of people feel that voted for
Donald Trump they feel that have been
vanquished by a political system that
doesn't listen to listen to them and
then we have watching an MSNBC I think
was Kathy Turk a teacher she said I
can't believe the the rank-and-file the
Republican Party still supports him that
her whole message er told me she doesn't
understand half the country go ahead
Nate in New York well a few things to
touch on there I mean Republicans at
this point no longer make up half the
country not favorited but they they are
shrinking in numbers every day they're
losing well Kay I'm talking about
registering for no hundred more becoming
to me roughly half the population they
can vote voted for him I thought over
the country I would say it's closer to a
third and you know they're not
vanquished their voice was very loudly
heard during the election in fact it was
overheard they were over-represented
thanks to Electoral College the way on
our Senate works as well rural states
are over represented in the Senate
conservatives are our minority right now
in our country and yet they have a much
louder voice because of the way our
electoral system is set up right now and
also this is jump back on Kavanagh real
fast I don't this was a political issue
previously when we're talking about roe
v-- wade but now when we turn our
attention to the allegations at hand
it's really become more of a moral issue
right now because it's very clear that
his accuser is telling the truth she is
absolutely nothing to gain from this and
so what she knows she's never seen
before how do we know that it will never
be proved a lie about they never prove
in one way or another okay nate- jump in
there go ahead and Ned go ahead I knew
it's gonna happen but if he's so
milquetoast let's put another
conservative in our no go ahead name no
that's absurd you know what elections
have comma and the duly elected
president of the United States according
to our constituents which the midterms
in in see what happens his appointees
Brett Kavanaugh is definitely within the
wealth stream well-respected over
300 decisions on the lower court that
have been out there people understand
where he's coming from
again elections have consequences there
there's so much to address you but I'm
gonna start with this first of all I
think what's deeply troubling about this
in our society but even now in our legal
system we used to operate under the
presumption of innocence until proven
guilty now we're just saying from an
unco operated 35 year ago accusation
from somebody that can't even remember
the day or the location of where it
happened we're gonna presume that she is
actually right in that Cavanaugh is
guilty I think this is extremely
dangerous we're now we're saying people
are guilty until you can prove your
innocence on a very vague charge from
decades ago so no I think this is
completely wrong but it also addresses a
much larger issue in our society in
which we need to go back to presumption
of innocence until proven guilty the
other thing that I think people are
completely missing is this forget
conservative forget Republican what
people are not understanding and are
missing about the whole Donald Trump
phenomenon is that people who have been
rejected by this system of government
who are considered outsiders are sick of
the bipartisan globalism that has sold
out their interests from bad trade deals
from trying to do nation-building and
spending trillions of dollars overseas
for for sending our manufacturing jobs
overseas and so I think people need to
shift their mindset from Republican
versus Democrat to more of a ruling
class versity outsider because I think
that starts to everything starts to make
a lot of lenses okay Nick do you want to
jump in there go ahead because I want to
be very clear and you know what let me
go - let me go - over 16 other
Republicans let me go to Nate here New
York cuz I want to be fair to him go
ahead I think I agree our political
system has become extremely divisive but
if you look at who is the most divisive
political figure in history right now
it's Donald Trump Democrats never
responded this way to John McCain they
never responded this way to Mitt Romney
or even Paul Ryan it's Donald Trump you
brought this out in them because they
are scared of what he's doing to our
country they're scared of his extremism
and we I would love I would love a
moderate Republican in office right now
but we are very very far from he's the
most divisive figure in history let me
go you want to bring the country
together put someone more moderate in
the in office let me go to Jeff here so
okay it's been
Donald Trump is an extremists is he an
extremist if you look at his policies
it's pretty mainstream Republican now
his style is very different and that's
what I'm getting at here okay
because Trump's of supporters apparently
smell okay they're deplorable this this
has come from the left it's not come
from the right here it's all about style
and not about policy go ahead Jeff
yeah it is about toning style no
question I don't think Hillary Clinton
would necessarily be doing radically
different things from a policy
perspective that Donald Trump's doing
now she'd probably be doing them in a
more rote fashion but I just like to get
back to this point why would this woman
do this against Cavanaugh well I think
she would do it to be a resistance hero
and did to take a political scalp that's
what this is about and frankly I think
that deciding everything by politics is
a pretty bad way to organize society I
think supreme courts way too powerful
it's become this winner-take-all yeah
system of ours and and why should why
should we have to wake up in the morning
and care so much about the identity of
one of nine super legislative monarchs
on the Supreme Court this is this isn't
what the Constitution in imagine and
this isn't this isn't how it ought to
operate so this is all from my
perspective someone who wants government
radically downsized this is this is all
a symptom of a Supreme Court in a
federal government which is wildly
extra-constitutional and operating
beyond how it ought to operate Cavanaugh
Cavanaugh is not really the issue here
and okay his morality is hardly
something to be judged by the Senate
Judiciary Committee of all things okay
let me go back to Nate to New York I
mean what you mentioned something you
know you talked about the Electoral
College I mean now this is an issue
because I suppose your candidate lost
here but that's the way the system works
you've shoot for 270 and you become
president okay if it had been reversed
no one would be talking about the
electoral college at least I doubt that
and and on top of that you know these
hearings with Cavanaugh traditionally
they're just about is the person
competent to do the job and watching
those hearings that had nothing to do
with his competence it always looking to
am
push him and to destroy his character
and you know I think he's like
milquetoast - I mean he's a really solid
guy go ahead in New York so what I don't
understand is if he so milquetoast and
if he's such a generic conservative then
why not just put Merrick garland in or
another conservative it's very clear
Calvin actually was very unimpressive
also in answering a lot of the questions
earlier and then the ways handle these
allegations has been very disturbing and
you know when you're appointing someone
to the highest court in the land
character absolutely does matter Trump
may be President but character still
matters and so do morals and so does law
and order and so does the rule of law
and so it's absolutely unacceptable that
when someone comes forward and puts
these allegations forward which are very
likely correct that we still push to put
someone like this on Supreme Court not
just put another conservative in and the
reason is because Senate Republicans
want to make sure they get someone in
before the midterms because they know
they are likely to lose the Senate
potentially okay well that is the
prerogative the President of the United
States okay it's his prerogative to do
that it's not others to decide that
they're you know again I mean I'm I have
to say that I would bomb America I'm
very distressed by this lack of
presumption of innocence it's
extraordinary I'll give you the last
minute in percival before we go to the
bride go ahead he's not going to jail he
just can't forget in Supreme Court no I
and I think I think the thing and the
whole the whole reason that this is such
a big issue is because it Jeff made that
point the Supreme Court is far outside
of what the founders originally
envisioned the court being it has become
a super legislative body which is that
the the less favorite plaything for
expanding the administrative state and
doing an end run around the legislative
process and I'll tell you why it's so
important because I think someone like
Brett Kavanaugh going on to the Supreme
Court is actually about a restoration to
constitutional order and saying the
Supreme Court shouldn't have this role
in our society in fact we shouldn't know
all nine names of the Supreme Court
justice they should be more in the
background but I'm gonna say this yet
again I think the left is still struggle
and has struggled for decades with
actually rationally accepting losing an
election because they don't like the
results of it you know what that's how
our constitutional republic works that's
how democracy works
you lose elections if you don't like the
results you try to win the next election
you don't come up with bizarre fairy
tale hoax stories of Trump Russia
collusion
you don't come up with these false
stories against Pratt Cavanaugh which by
the way Dianne Feinstein was sitting on
four weeks didn't bring it up for
private conversation okay I'm gonna
judge a political we're gonna go to a
break and remember elections have
consequences we said that after a short
break we'll continue our discussion on
the politics of division stay with Artie
okay I want to go back to Jeff and
Albert I want to pick up on a point that
Ned brought up here I mean if you look
at the legislative victories or policy
victories I should rather say of the
left over the last 40 45 even 50 years
the epicenter is the Supreme Court and I
think this is one of the reasons why at
this 11th hour revelation that can never
be proven one way or another as far as I
know there was never a release report
Cavanaugh has been interrogated
questioned by the FBI six times I mean
how many people go through that in life
okay this is an 11th hour and it's
politics okay and it's a bloodsport okay
but it seems not transparent in this
attempt to derail this nomination and
it's only because it's Trump's
nomination go ahead Jeff well it is
bloodsport that's because in many ways a
Supreme Court justice is more important
and more powerful than president yeah
they certainly have a much longer term
and I think what's what's going on here
is that people understand that this
Court is going to make macro decisions
for American society the decisions on
things like abortion on guns on health
care mandates all kinds of things on
zoning you name it on eminent domain on
civil asset forfeiture on criminal
justice so what we have again is some
sort of super legislature and deciding
things in a top-down manner for 320
million people especially 320 million
people who are increasingly diverse
pluralistic is a recipe for disaster
it's a recipe for miss content in this
country I hate it I hate the idea that
the Supreme Court makes these decisions
I think San Francisco perhaps needs a
different set of social rules than rural
Montana for how it organizes its society
and the the the history of the Supreme
Court in the 20th century saying no no
no we're going to have one rule for how
we organize society and we're going to
be the ultimate arbiter of it not
Congress not the executive branch and
this is the problem I don't know how you
undo this I wish I could give you an
easy answer but but when we hear things
about like well the Electoral College
over represents really this is absurd if
if Hillary Clinton had got maybe a
hundred thousand more votes two hundred
thousand more votes in Florida in
Pennsylvania Ohio and had won the
electoral college and won the election
all of a sudden the left would be
telling us about the wisdom of our
system prevented a demagogue from Donald
like Donald Trump getting in after all I
mean literally 320 million people were
letting a couple hundred thousand swing
the balance between this mass hysteria
of the the you know Hitler's in office
versus all you know clearly the arc of
progressivism is is is moving in the
right direction because of Hillary
Clinton we're gonna we're gonna have the
national mindset swung to these two
degrees by a couple hundred thousand
people it's absurd so count me out okay
Ned let me go back to you in New York
you know I in the questions that I sent
out through my producers I mentioned the
whole saga around Bill Clinton and his
impeachment process and the there was a
backlash against that against how the
parade
I wasn't for about going after Clinton
on that other things I think policy-wise
fine
but they was at backlash and I tend to
think going back to that poll that I
mentioned that MSNBC you know how can
the Trump supporters after everything
that's been said and done still support
him it seems to me that the the the the
Democrats don't understand Trump people
and Trump country and I think isn't it
incumbent upon you to try to understand
them more I mean I I you know politics
used to be the art of the possible and I
don't see that I mean there's so many
think have announced testimony when he
was talking about some kind of abortion
procedure was intentionally tampered
with the tape and it was put out he said
this no he was quoting somebody else I
mean that is that it that that's that's
kind of warfare that's below the belt
don't
you think go ahead in New York it is but
so is the way that Merrick garland and
Obama were treated you know just two
years ago and I think it's important
remember that Senate Republicans did
exact same fare so this is really no
different I think and we're seeing too
much weight from both sides and you
aren't you are right we should make more
of an effort to engage with Trump
supporters I think there is a little bit
you know too much hatred on both sides
politically you know we're still all
Americans we still live in the same
nation we still have the same goals and
we need to keep that in mind more often
but at the same time when you look at
what's happening in the White House you
look at the chaos you look at how many
times Trump's own people have been
quoted calling him an idiot it's a
little concerning to hear that and when
you see all the turnover all the just
the the endless disaster to every day in
the news there's new notifications about
the nonsense going on in the Trump
administration you look at it you say
objectively even if you agree with this
main ideology ideologically how can you
stand by him as a leader how can you
stand by him as an executive knowing I
was elected that's just coming out he
was arresting all day he was elected on
this program when I call balls and
strikes when he says something or does
something I think is wrong I say it loud
and clear
without any doubt okay I don't carry
water for anyone okay but I'm not going
to be default against him okay I'm not
default for him all right I listen parse
his words far as it's ideas let me go to
Percival here I mean everyone is an
administration calls him an idiot well
you've trusted word I'm not sure
necessarily that's true all these other
books that come out you know I mean they
have tapes it seems to me that it's a
coordinated campaign this anonymous let
up head to the to the New York it's all
a concerted broke because they can't
fight him any other way you just fight
him personally and there's a lot of
people but there's a lot of people that
like him personally okay you're
insulting them as well go ahead in
Percival that's exactly right because we
went out in a very intentional way I was
supporting him before the primary was
over and the reason I did it is because
we needed somebody like Donald Trump to
come in and mix stuff up and I got to
tell you
little disappointed because he is kind
of snapping back to more of a
conservative Republican administration
but I want him to you know I'm
encouraged by some of the things he's
already done you know cutting the
regulatory state the tax cuts you know
pushing through the Keystone pipeline
going and saying we're not gonna put up
with these bad trade deals going and
saying to China you know what we're not
going to tolerate these bad trade deals
and you stealing our technology with
force technology transfers and outright
theft I mean all of these things that
he's doing and then obviously Supreme
Court justices like Cavanaugh that's
exactly why we elected him we wanted him
to go out and do these things and put us
on a different path and say we're not
gonna have status quo it's not going to
be business as usual we had plenty of
choices in that Republican primary and
we chose Donald Trump and we chose him
for a reason and the other thing I'll
say about this because I've been inside
this White House I've been inside this
West Wing multiple times first of all
everybody I think understands every
administration especially a West Wing is
full of type-a personalities on steroids
yeah who think they're the smartest
person in that room so there's always
that conflict but I've been in there
Peter and I'm telling you of course
there's conflict of course there's
differences of opinions but nobody's
running around with their hair on fire
of course you know the other thing I
think that throws people off he doesn't
the approach he has brought an outside
approach and it's still throwing people
for a loop
okay well this man puts a lot of metal
people's hair on fire no one can deny
that I think we all agree on that
okay okay Jeff Jeff you know in looking
at the media coverage of the president
it's just particularly from the liberal
cable station CNN MSNBC for me it's just
hour after hour of virtue signaling you
don't learn any news and you learn about
opinions about people that well I
personally have almost zero respect for
its politics of virtual virtual sigelei
and that doesn't get us anywhere because
there's no debate there's no debate
about policy that way go ahead and Jeff
Andover if you could if you could go
back a few years toward the end of
Obama's term and say look Democrats the
next presidents can be Republican but
absolute good news for he's not going to
be some redneck red state governor he's
going to be a New York City real estate
developer
/ with a bunch of beautiful wives who's
worked all his life around gay and
lesbian folks all his life around black
folks isn't animated by social
conservatism abortion any of these
issues and by the way he's also a trade
protectionist who whose pro-union I
think you would have taken that you
would have preferred to have Hillary but
if you had to have a Republican I think
you would have taken that and I'll tell
you what I bet to all three of us can
agree if he would just get out take pick
one get out of Yemen get out of Syria
get out of Iraq or Afghanistan just one
of those four I bet you all three of
your guests would agree that would be a
good thing Jeff like are you gonna be
the chairman of the Trump 2020 campaign
because I edition there okay let me go
back let me go back to New York let's
let's stay with the issue of the virtues
signaling I mean does it give the
Democrats any kind of traction by hour
after hour week after week month after
month of just bashing the president he
takes two scoops of ice cream and
everyone else has one what value is that
what is the value of talking like that
about his golf game and all I don't
understand it maybe I've been gone too
long go ahead in New York I mean he it's
the same reason he won he is such a
character he just demands attention
constantly and every single day you know
every time I look at my phone I see a
newsletter and I go know what you know
what's happened now I do it's not that
it's nothing it's that something has
significant has happened and it's kind
of scary you know you have to wonder and
it's it's a little tiring to have
someone like that who's so unreliable in
office and what's really concerning that
was what happens when a real disaster
occurs you know here or abroad and we
have this man in office who was not fit
to handle it appropriately and I think
we do need to get back to focusing on
the issues talking about policy and
luckily if you go to a lot of these
different districts across the country
there is a very exciting number of
diverse and experienced Democrats who
are running for office we're talking
about local issues that people care
about who aren't talking about Trump at
all they're reaching across the aisle to
Trump supporters they're talking to
moderates they're talking to Democrats
and they're talking about you know
helping people get health care they're
talking about addressing economic
inequality they're helping you know
talking about issues that people care
about day to day okay so we know the 90
mm focus on Friday s I just watch enough
CNN and MSNBC because I never saw talked
about those
ever let me go victim for a personal you
know for all the people and I'm not a
trump supporter I'm not for him I'm not
against them I go policy by policy here
but the constantly denigrating him we
have to remember one thing he did get
elected the longest shot victory
probably an American presidential
politics last word goes to Percival go
ahead ya know and I think they've done a
great disservice listen I want a free
press I also want an honest press and I
think they decided as soon as Trump came
in office they were gonna be the
opposition party and they were gonna
leave behind a lot of norms and a lot of
standards that they had have operated
under for the previous however many
decades and so I think they've done
themselves a a great disservice and you
can see this in the polls Peter when
they in the mid-70s had a 72% you know a
trustworthiness approval rating from the
American people that dropped to 32
percent in 2016
they've done this to themselves and
they've done it to themselves because it
looks like they've lost all objectivity
they've lost all standards they've just
decided they're gonna be the opposition
party and they're gonna do whatever it
takes to constantly attack and maybe
even try and bring down this president
on the American people get it ripping up
to it saying we're not gonna have this
anymore I got to jump in here all I can
say is to be continued many thanks to my
guests in New York I'll burn in Percival
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember crosstalk
