to worry about Iraq not Iran I knew why
because I'd been through the Pentagon
right after 9/11 about ten days after
9/11 I went through the Pentagon and I
saw secretary Rumsfeld and in deputy
secretary Wolfowitz I went downstairs
just say hello to some of the people on
the Joint Staff who would you used to
work for me and one of the generals
called me and he said sir you gotta come
in you got to come in and talk to me a
second I said well you're too busy he
said no no he says we've made the
decision we're going to war with Iraq
this was on or about the 20th of
September I said we're going to war with
Iraq why he said I don't know he said I
guess they don't know what else to do so
I said well did they find some
information collect connecting Saddam to
al-qaeda he said no no says there's
nothing new that way they just made the
decision to go to war with Iraq he said
I guess it's like we don't know what to
do about terrorists but we've got a good
military and we can take down
governments and he said I guess if the
only tool you have is a Hammer Every
Problem has to look like a nail so I
came back to see him a few weeks later
and by that time we were bombing in
Afghanistan I said are we still going to
war with Iraq and he said oh it's worse
than that
he said he reached over on his desk he
picked up a piece of paper he said I
just he said I just got this down from
upstairs meeting the secretary defense
office today and he said this is a memo
that describes how we're going to take
out seven countries in five years
starting with Iraq and then Syria
Lebanon Libya Somalia Sudan and
finishing off Iran I said is it
classified he said yes sir
I said I said well don't show it to me
and I saw him a year or so ago and I
said remember that he said sorry I
didn't show you that memo I didn't show
it to you
