the Russian and Turkish presidents have
agreed to create a demilitarized zone in
Italy bethey province is the last
remaining terrorist stronghold in Syria
very freely we decided to create along
the battle line a demilitarized zone if
I October 15 it will be from 15 to 20
kilometers wide we will move radicalize
militants out of this zone including
jihad anouska corresponding Medina coach
never has the latest very important
decisions were indeed made during this
hours long talks between Russia and
Turkey
now the de-escalation zone was hanging
in the air during the negotiations but
the two leaders seem to disagree all the
way through that's why this particular
agreement which was a voice of the press
conference came as a surprise to so many
now the both sides they agreed to create
a demilitarized zone between militants
and government troops of around 15 to 20
kilometers by the 15th of October and
also during the press conference the
Turkish president said that together
with Russia they will eradicate
terrorism in the region together with
Russia we will make maximum effort to
get rid of all radical groups from this
territory turkey and Russia will both
patrol this territory to ensure
compliance right after the talks of
Russia's Defense a minister announced
that there's going to be no military
offensive on adlib he also added that
all the details of the agreement which
was reached today will be discussed with
the Syrian government a very soon during
the upcoming talks the situation and the
province of Idlib has been a crucial
topic of discussions for weeks on the
international stage between Syria Russia
Turkey the u.s. and Iran so now this
decision is surely important as it eases
the threat of escalation on the ground
Joshua Landis is director of the center
of Middle East Studies at the University
of Oklahoma good to have you on Joshua
was this a surprise moving away from
using brute force to get rid of the
militants something Russia said it was
considering doing instead we've got this
demilitarized zone are you surprised
yes I am surprised we did hear earlier
from air21 saying that he his policy was
paying off of trying to play for time so
we have some indications that a deal
might be struck but it still seems
extremely difficult because there are
tens of thousands of really fairly
hard-bitten jihadist fighters in this
area and they still haven't agreed to
back away from this 20 kilometer
demilitarized zone they're going to be
the the the real squeaking point here so
the ball is really put into the court of
hyatt a leadership that's the al-nusra
group the the al-qaeda affiliated groups
to deliver to the Turks and the Turks
will have to put the screws to them and
let them know that if they don't
withdraw they're not going to be
protected in any way so this is going to
be really difficult decision for those
jihadist groups to make what would you
estimate is Russia's thinking behind
this what's the motivation for heading
in this direction well I think there are
several motivations one is that the
world had really ratcheted up the
humanitarian anxiety over this pointing
out that there could be a terrible you
know human toll that there are three
million people in this small little
province that they could be driven out
and killed in masses so Russia gets to
show its humanitarian face say look at
we're worried about this
we're not recalcitrant we're working
with all the different European powers
we're trying to find a solution at the
same time there are some strategic
advances for Russia in this
20 kilometers is no joking matter in a
small province like this it dislodges
some very hard bitten jihadist groups
from areas that they've dug tunnels in
that they've really built defenses in if
they pull out 20 kilometers away from
the border with a Syrian army that'll be
an important win and Russia will want to
follow this up with further agreements
later on down the line
it really forces Turkey to put pressure
on these rebel groups Joshua you
mentioned the manatorian element of this
we've seen in the past reports that the
terrorists when they've been
humanitarian corridors that the
terrorists have stopped the civilians
from leaving through them presumably
that's because if all the civilians
leave it leaves the terrorists
completely exposed do you think that
this this demilitarized zone now will be
any more effective in allowing civilians
to escape yes it will it'll provide a
zone where civilians can go to because
it'll be have Russian and Turkish
policemen there so that many civilians
will feel reassured the rebels and
extremists will not be there so they
can't shoot them or stop them if they
infiltrate into this region now that
won't stop the extremists from punishing
people before they get to that zone and
we saw most recently when de Mistura the
UN envoy for Syria said that he would go
to Syria personally with a team in order
to construct humanitarian corridors so
that civilians could leave into Syria
and get protection from this onslaught
that might be coming and all the radical
jihadist groups said no they cannot do
that for the reasons that you pointed
out or to make them very vulnerable and
they started setting up gallows where
people who violate it and talk to the
regime were accused of being traitors
and it's the rebels said they would hang
them so that could still go on even if
there is this deal
is it as simple as it sounds create the
zone it will will stop the conflicts
between the government forces and those
who oppose them or is it possible the
conflict will simply migrate elsewhere
you know is you don't know this sounds
good and everybody is trying to take you
know you take the not the blame the
opposite of the plan they're trying to
get responsibility for being the good
guy in this but it's gonna be very
difficult to carry out this buffer zone
and to get the rebel groups to move away
from 20 kilometers of the border and
there are some very hard bitten groups
for example the Weger Turkmen who are
stationed near Latakia will have to move
from their villages that they've
occupied with their families and move
inland further towards it Lib so there
are some very tough groups that are
gonna have to sign in on to this and we
we don't know how long this is going to
really delay fighting in the province
what do you make of this decision in
just in terms of the relations between
Turkey and Russia it doesn't seem that
long ago that Russia was facing a
situation where I think it was turkey
shot down one of their their Jets and
now we've got them brokering an
agreement like this how do you look at
the relations between the country no
you're absolutely right
there has been a hundred and eighty
degree shift by turkey and I think once
turkey shot down that jet that had come
into Turkish territory just by a few you
know a little inches really and then
NATO did not back out turkey Turkey
realized that they were all alone facing
Russia and Russia put on stiff sanctions
there are thirty billion dollars worth
of business done between Turkey and
Russia every year so Turkey felt very
exposed
Erewhon realized he wasn't gonna get
European backing and he decided okay I
have to make a deal with Russia and
since then we've seen improving
relations between Turkey and and Russia
on this this point and so
it's not easy there are still many
differences between Russia and Turkey
but it's it's really it's ended up at a
point where there does seem to be some
constructive deal making and that's what
Syria has really suffered from a lack of
over the last seven years the United
States has a role in what's happening in
Syria and interest in what's happening
in the country how do you think the US
officials will view this announcement I
think they'll see it as a win
president Trump went on Twitter and said
you know don't do it and any kind of a
rash decision to invade it live
especially one that could kill hundreds
of thousands of people would be terrible
and so America had ratcheted up the
rhetoric for both Russia and Turkey and
America is gonna see this as good for
America
it contains the radicals inside Inlet
province in other words they're not
scattered they don't have to run away
into Anatolia and possibly Europe into
the West so they're contained and it
weakens the radicals it's forced Turkey
to crack down and that's good for me
America does not like these jihadists
you know Brett McGurk who's the head of
the anti-isis coalition in Syria and
Iraq said this is the biggest collection
of al-qaeda since 9/11 so America wants
them dead but it doesn't want Syria to
come out a winner and it doesn't want
the humanitarian crisis so in many ways
this also suits the United States it
helps their outcome it slows down an
invasion but it keeps it contained to
Italy for all the reasons that you have
explained this seems like it's a great
solution for everybody except perhaps
the terrorists does this just put the
conflict on pause and what would you
anticipate will happen next if it's
possible to anticipate well it does put
it on pause in that's you know that's
only if the rebels agree to move back
but if they don't move back turkeys
gonna have to
action and then there's the next problem
even if they do move back Syria and
President al-assad have said and no
uncertain terms that he is committed and
the Syrian government is committed to
taking back every inch of Syrian
territory and President Putin has backed
up Poseidonis and he in his UN statement
in 2015 when Russia got involved in
Syria he said in no uncertain terms
all these rebel groups are illegal and
should be seen as terrorist by the
international community because they are
we're not invited into Syria they
shouldn't be attacking and foreign
powers should not be arming these
insurgents to go into a sovereign
country and overthrow the government
so Russia also has backed up Assad in
saying that Syria should be integral it
should and Assad and the Syrian army
should control all of Syrian territory
so this only delays the problem of what
to do with all these rebel groups that
own a big chunk of Syria
you
