in March of 2011 Norway committed to the
military intervention in Libya leading
to the ousting of Gaddafi and the ruined
country we see today but a shocked
Norwegian State Commission report now
admits the country knew next to nothing
about what they were doing and actually
went to war relying on media reports
Norway had very limited knowledge of
Libya when the uprising started in
February 2011 in such situations
decision makers often rely on
information from media and other
countries Colonel Gaddafi continues to
slaughter his own civilians and he
viciously targeted Americans the
international community offered Gaddafi
the final chance to stop his campaign of
killing or face the consequences
protects by regime forces on the Libyan
citizens when they turned to us and
asked us for help stopping a massacre
how do you say no
so Oslo jumped on the bandwagon playing
an alarmingly significant role and why
shouldn't they it was by the book there
was even a UN Security Council
resolution on the situation to cover
them if you ignore all the commentators
warning the resolution did not green
flag the mass bombing of Libya Norway's
report also reveals there was
practically no analysis before it jumped
end there are no written sources
indicating that before deciding to send
warplanes to Libya the government assess
the type of conflict Norway was taking
part in now that failure could hardly
have had more serious consequences the
country now lies in ruins seven years on
Libya is still being ripped apart by
rival governments militias armed to the
teeth and Islamist militants just last
week ISIL claimed responsibility for a
shooting that killed two and wounded 10
more at the headquarters of the state
oil company
and to top off the slaughter their
reports of infighting even among the
groups loyal to the government backed by
the u.s. perhaps unsurprisingly some
politicians in Norway are now distancing
themselves from the decision given what
we know today this was a war for a
regime change
Norway should not have participated in
the Libyan war when you look at what
happened next with Libya becoming a
terrorism hotspot this is not a decision
to be proud of of course they're not the
first to come to that sorry conclusion
the UK Parliament got there two years
ago this report determines the UK policy
in Libya before and since the
intervention of March 2011 was founded
on erroneous assumptions and an
incomplete understanding of the country
and the situation and Barack Obama
infamously admitted the aftermath was
the biggest mistake of his presidency
but that's likely to bring little
comfort to the civilians still reeling
in a shattered nation we spoke to a
senior researcher the Norwegian Foreign
Policy Institute who believes
politicians didn't understand the
consequences of the intervention artists
in the woloson in the coalition
government at that time they pretend
this is what has happened that after is
quite painful and therefore they are
expressing some regrets about it and
also they are saying that they that they
didn't understand that is with the
vaquita
option may have been that meeting which
is off but they were mainly doing this
for humanitarian these
uh no calls for really understanding
that whereas human era humanitarian
intervention may have been what was
argued by some of the other key key
players in this coalition obviously some
of them so beyond the humanitarian
reasoning and was basically interested
in regime change getting rid of Gaddafi
I don't think that necessarily all of
these politicians really understood
you
