today sees the start of NATO's largest
war games since the end of the Cold War
tens of thousands of troops as well as
warships and planes arrive for the
drills in Norway which shares a border
with Russia this is an important day
because trial juncture is NATO's biggest
exercise since the end of the Cold War
the scenario is fictitious but the
lessons we learn will be real well the
Russian Defense Minister has expressed
his concern about NATO's increased
military activity near Russia's borders
he said that it's reached a level not
seen for nearly 30 years NATO's military
activity at the borders of Russia has
reached an unprecedented post-cold-war
level the scope of operational military
training at our borders is expanding and
becoming more intense Bloc countries are
engaged in offensive drills the aim of
all this is increased capacity to
swiftly deploy troops across Europe
States has been aggressive towards many
countries as in wars with a number of
countries right now has military in
about a hundred and seventy two
countries has about 20 times the number
of foreign military bases as all other
countries combined and I see these new
wargames close to Russia as a
furtherance of that aggression in this
case towards Russia the United States
made a promise after the fall of the
Soviet Union that it would not go into
knots in NATO into the Warsaw Pact
countries or the former Soviet countries
and today it's in 13 of those countries
so it never abided by that pact and this
is clearly an aggressive move on the
part of the United States and NATO in my
opinion
you
