Google's always tried to maintain an a
political front but a recent leak tells
a very different story and if true it
outlines Google's executives pick for
president in the 2016 presidential
elections most people here are pretty
upset and pretty sad for because of the
election I certainly find the selection
deeply offensive and I know many of you
do too
this is none other than Sergey Brin
Google's co-founder and if his
assumption that every worker in the
video was a Clinton voter was upsetting
it gets worse how was the first moment I
really felt like we were gonna lose it
was really meaningful it did feel like a
ton of bricks dropped on my chest and
that right there is the chief financial
officer of Google's parent company
alphabet Ruth Porat holding back tears
at the thought of their election defeat
but whose defeat exactly last time I
checked Google wasn't a wing of the
Democratic Party nevertheless they seem
to have a mutual understanding on why
Trump won xenophobia hatred and a desire
for answers that may or may not be there
here we have senior vice president for
global affairs Kent Walker looks like
despite Google's claim to objectivity
Walker's got some pretty partisan views
on American politics but Google
maintains those are personal views ones
that don't affect their product boredom
led to the rise of fascism and also the
communist revolution you think it's it's
worth being very vigilant and thinking
about all these issues what can we do to
lead to maybe a better quality of
governance decision-making and so forth
solid explanation of ideologies that
shaped the 21st century Sergei but fair
enough Google is looking for ways to
make the world better but that hasn't
stopped the flow of accusations that
their strategy is politically biased
like that time Google removed a pro-life
singer's music video on YouTube they
said
big mistake I had no choice
to me which
and YouTube's moved to hit popular users
before conservative users especially
while President Trump is drained as well
Diamond is sick was going to be exposing
us while we're making a movie yeah
but there are some at Google who don't
agree with the company's liberal
leanings James d'amour a conservative
engineer wrote a memo just a memo to
highlight potential bias in Google's
policy and he was fired for it google
has several biases and known as
discussion about these biases as being
silenced by the dominant ideology
what follows is by no means the complete
story but it's a perspective that
desperately needs to be told at Google
Google has always claimed its hands were
clean when it came to political bias
hate speech or other inappropriate
content the company always claimed it
had its reasons but with insight into
what the top brass at Google is
apparently thinking perhaps it's time
for a better understanding of what bias
really means
Donald quarter RT
you
