there's a new trend and it's been a buzz
since March the American Medical
Association published its findings about
21 workers at the US Embassy in Cuba who
fell victim to mysterious symptoms they
experienced headaches vertigo had
trouble sleeping and apparently suffered
from auditory hallucinations the head of
the team that compiled the report later
said the likely culprit was a microwave
weapon now multiple reports suggest that
the US intelligence suspects Russia of
orchestrating the attack but apparently
journalists got their hands on new
details before the State Department
there is no known cause no known
individual or group believed to be
responsible at this time we are looking
into it our position has not changed the
investigation is ongoing we have not
assigned any blame and we continue to
look into this so I want to be very
clear about this in fact the initial
scare over weaponized energy in Cuba is
being waved out of the window the FBI
investigated the mystery but found no
trace of a malicious plot both the US
and then USSR are known to have pursued
the type of weapon described in the
initial reports but as of now no
microwave device capable of deep frying
the brain is known to exist for many
scientists actually talk like this is
akin to flatter theories the kind of
effect that is being talked about with
the embassy is purely a theory tale it's
only conjecture that microwaves are
involved at all no one has measured
microwaves in the embassy as far as I
know and the only suggestion that this
might be due to microwaves involves a
low level sound effect which people
speculate might be due to microwaves but
it's just purely speculation that
there's anything at all involving
microwaves in this case I can't conceive
the microwave weapon as it's being
thought about in this case and it's not
clear that the symptoms are real I'm
familiar with one paper that was
published by a group that examined these
subjects and the results were very
inconclusive but who cares for
scientific evidence right not this
Republican senator
for sure Cory Gardner is so scared by
this fantasy weapon
I urge the Senate to pass my legislation
requiring the State Department to
consider the designation of Russia as a
state sponsor of terrorism well mr.
Gardner if you're still in fear I've
heard this helps
you
