anti-fracking advocates in northwest
England have been demonstrating at a
site where the controversial gas
extraction method is set to resume today
Monday after a seven-year nationwide ban
the site in Lancashire is the first to
be given the greenlight to restart
operations that were suspended in 2011
the sides environmental costs
campaigners have one of a dangerous link
to earthquakes believed to be caused by
the drilling process involved in
fracking
last year a number of activists were
arrested during a peaceful demonstration
we spoke to one of them spent three
weeks in prison for a fracking protest
we managed to shut down operations at
this fracking site every day of the
month for a whole month of July last
year it took me took them over a year to
take me to court for the action that I
did I did a peaceful action I climbed on
top of a lorry that was that was
delivering fracking equipment
I stayed up on that lorry for eighty
four hours three and a half days
together we stopped a convoy of seven
lorries carrying the main drilling
supports for the drilling rig it was a
deterrent sentence and they were hoping
that by putting activists in prison they
would deter future direct action protest
against the fracking industry yeah who
you just heard from there Richard
Roberts he's one of three campaigners
charged last September with public
nuisance offenses he was sentenced the
16 months in jail for blocking access to
a fracking site now the three of those
people they were the first environmental
activists to be jailed in the UK in over
85 years an appeals judge slum the
ruling has excessive and extraordinary
and replaced the prison terms with
conditional discharges another aspect to
this story the judge behind the original
sentencing could also be facing
disciplinary action a recent revelation
shows he may have a close connection to
the energy industry several members of
his family reportedly worked for an oil
and gas behemoth that has prompted calls
for the UK just the same
country to launch an investigation
richardroberts again says the energy
lobby goes well beyond this one case
this state is clearly imposing an
industry but nobody wants on communities
around the UK every planning application
that was put to every local council
around this country was rejected
sometimes unanimously but always by a
large majority and now we have County
Council's such as Lancashire and Barbra
sure who have outright rejected the
fracking industry and yet Westminster
has overturned that decision and impose
the industry on them and that's why when
I was standing on top of a lorry so many
cars were going past beating in support
they were waving out their windows
shouting keep it up me stay up there
people stay up there for as long as you
can there are over 50 X or currently oil
and gas executives in UK government and
they have financial interests it's the
oil and gas Lobby that want this
you
