hey I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yeah Stacy I think we've got a
lot to cover so let's get into it
hey you know what we're heading up to DC
for our next few episodes so I wanted to
do a doubleheader because there's been
so many different sort of headlines out
there in the world and you know we're
heading into the midterm elections here
in the United States we're still having
this mental breakdown that you see
happening on MSNBC and CNN and all the
networks here in the United States and
you know this shirt kind of explains
what I'm about to market sure say it
looks like French it says I'm not
complaining I'm just saying so all my
headlines are basically I'm not
complaining I'm just saying what I see
out there in the world is perhaps a
little bit different than what you see
on MSNBC or Siena and heading into the
midterms where apparently 100% of the
elections are controlled and about Putin
so I'm just saying like maybe there are
other reasons with that people in
America vote as they do so I'm gonna
look at this headline first because this
is something that you and I brought up
in 2016 before Hillary lost in such a
spectacular and humiliating way we did
say that here in North Carolina
Obamacare prices the actual premiums
went up by 44 percent two weeks before
the election and we thought you know
stupidly that something like that would
have an impact on what voters felt when
they went to the voting booth of course
it was Putin's much bigger than a 44%
increase in your premiums but here is
another story that could have something
to do with how voters feel obviously
there is some Superman out in the world
that might be bigger than any you know
Kryptonite of of prices or or predatory
practices so here's a tweet from John
Walker DC it is crazy how much our drug
spending prices shot up only in the
United States right after Obama cut a
deal with drug makers to drop all
campaign promise about reining them in
as part of ACA so of course you always
know that the top line always the one
out of control whether it's you know
certainly with
health care prices that's the United
States that's their our drug prices from
2000 they've really started to take off
from the rest of the world and that's
when Obama did the deal with you know
the drug the pharmaceutical company said
he wouldn't have read on their prices
you know what was incredible at the time
was that liberals and progressives we're
saying this is a poison chalice this is
a horrible deal but it's incremental
it's iterative it's what we need to do
to get to where we need to go as if it
wasn't a continuation of where we've
been corporate gouging remember Dennis
Kucinich was taken up in Obama's plane
and he came down and he was a convert to
Obamacare he was the last man standing
of course Bernie Sanders it was like oh
yeah you know Medicare for all would be
great but we're just gonna let this
slide
you know it's progressive we're gonna
progress to something better at some
point you're not progressing at all
you're regressing
back to a feudalism you know America I'd
never had true feudalism because we had
a revolution against a monarchy and we
created it this whole thing called the
American democracy we never had
feudalism now we're going back to
Frankie
we're experiencing feudalism forget
Putin forget what about louis xiv
or charles ii or Alexander the Great or
Charles Schulz or Snoopy bar - hey we're
going nowhere this is absolute up
actually you mentioned feudalism and
that is in my next story and without
them actually saying it this is an
article from W from Web MD and it's
about insulin prices spiking insulin
costs put patience and brutal binds so
insulin prices have skyrocketed in
recent years on average tripling between
2002 and 2013 one popular brand Novolog
increase its list price by three hundred
and fifty three percent from 2001 to
2016 some raise the money however they
can while other people with diabetes
take less effective in
Linna ration what they have one survey
revealed that 45% of diabetes patients
in America had gone with out insulin
because of the price and in some cases
the consequences have been fatal they go
over some of the fatal stories but in
particularly they talk about this one
guy so there are 30 million Americans
with diabetes 7.4 million have to take
insulin type 1 diabetes is the sort that
you're born with and your pancreas does
not produce a insulin so you have to
take insulin they speak to this guy
Irv Earl Hersh he's an MD you knees a
professor at the University of
Washington School of Medicine and he's
one of the nation's foremost experts on
diabetes he himself has type 1 diabetes
and he remembers back in the 1960s he
used to pay 75 cents so now it's up to
thirteen hundred dollars a month for the
two vials or whatever you need for that
month but so this cost he's talking
about half his patients actually go to
Canada to get their duck their insulin
obviously Canada has a universal health
care and they negotiate prices with the
pharmaceutical companies so you know
there's this crazy idea here in America
where Trump ran on that he would allow
reham portation so he would allow Canada
to negotiate prices with pharmaceuticals
but we Americans can't do that is
against our ideology but you can we'll
let you go up there and get their prices
but here he says he doesn't blame the
drug makers for the price increases
exclusively he said there are three
companies that make insulin products but
the nation's opaque medication pricing
system pharmacy benefit managers control
which insulins are on and insurers list
of approved drugs and get rebates from
the manufacturers to do so they can
exclude a drug that a rebate is too low
the result is that what one person pays
for insulin can be vastly different from
one another pays then I'm gonna go into
his quote where he confirms your idea of
neo feudalism because this is the entire
structure of the US versus the
simplicity no bureaucracy no middlemen
across Europe and saying then at the
United Kingdom of their health care
system he says you can think of it as a
tax by the time the insulin gets from
the factory where it's made until it
comes all the way down the chain to the
there are a lot of people who touch the
insulin and everyone wants money for
touching it one of the things that's
different in other countries is that not
as many people touch the insulin before
it gets to the patients so that keeps
the cost down that's the exactly what
feudalism with feudal times was like
that there were constant toll booths and
shakedowns and everybody wanted to cut
before any money got from the king in
his gold down to you the schmuck on the
street shakedown and tollbooths and if
you look at the charts on Medicare cost
bloat and that the number of doctors
isn't going up with a number of
administrators a number of bureaucrats
the number of middlemen toll booths
salaries and get their hands on the pie
that keeps skyrocketing you know it's
amazing to me that Americans they'll
drive you know five ten miles out of
their way to save three cents on a
gallon of gas and they'll probably burn
more gas getting that three cents off
the gallon of gas then it makes sense
even to go get that three cents off a
gallon of gas or they'll go to a site
like Groupon and they'll all pool their
resources together to get a 20% discount
on sushi right but if you say you know
what you don't have to overpay for your
medical care by three four or five
hundred percent six hundred percent you
don't have to be treated by the
pharmaceutical companies like you're an
organ donor
like they look at you like they want to
harvest your organs the big
pharmaceutical companies they see your
liver they see your spleen they see your
lungs they see your your plasma they're
like we want to monetize that we want to
engage in vivisection we want to cut you
up we want to sell your parts we want to
make that money and Americans are like
you know what here's a knife start
cutting me up and taking my organs
please because I'm really frickin stupid
I'll save 20 cents on a gallon of gas
but you can have my kidneys for free
that's not stupid these people are
because people know when you put gas in
your engine in the gas tank they know
kind of how combustion engines work they
know how that how it makes your wheels
turn and you go forward down the highway
people don't know what their kidney does
or their pancreas does or what their
lungs look like and you know they don't
know until they're not experts on that
and so one of $4 US healthcare dollars
are spent on diabetes so
um we're gonna also look at the
predatory nature of this health care
system and how that might I'm just
saying I'm just saying that predatory
what I just yeah okay that might as I
was saying that might have something to
do with how people vote either they're
voting because of this or they're voting
because of a guy who lives 6,000 miles
away right so price-fixing allegations
they call this section
Karen Wolford dreads going to the
pharmacy to pick up her insulin I can
research a plan before I choose what
we're going to do next year but there
really is no way to know what's going to
happen the uncertainty is one of the
worst parts about it says whoa furred 28
a writer from Atlanta like many
Americans she has a high deductible
insurance plan so has to pay many many
thousands of dollars of cost and hurt
her insulin is 1,300 a month until she
gets to the bit where the health care
actually kicks in but she goes again she
keeps on talking about the the
unpredictable nature of it so what I'm
saying is I think many voters I know I
would I you know I get concerned about
we don't know what our obamacare prices
will be next year we don't know them yet
they haven't told us they won't tell us
until late much later in the year so you
have no idea if your costs are gonna go
up 44% like they did in 2016 are they
gonna go up 23% like they did last year
so you don't know had a plan for next
year she herself has basically decided
she and her husband don't have any kids
or they don't plan to because they can't
afford it because of her she has a type
1 diabetes and she has us cause
otherwise she's gonna die so she because
she doesn't know if it's gonna be 1,300
next year is gonna be $700 for her
insulin or is it going to be 2500 she
doesn't know no how was this not or nor
castrated pogrom well it's it is
definitely predatory and they actually
talk about one guy who was once he
turned 26 and he was no longer covered
by his parent's insurance he was
confronted with $1,300 a month for his
insulin but he couldn't afford it so he
waited to get his insulin
until his paycheck came in but he died
four days before his insulin before his
plan checked the operative word being
death yes 26 years old why is four bucks
for the insulin they charge thirteen
hundred yeah perhaps and of course the
pharmaceutical companies say they need
it for research money they need that
they need that for research so it's been
proven that other countries don't have
the same research budget but come up
with the same innovative drugs and
medical procedures anywhere so that's a
look at what Cuba has done with in terms
of cancer research right but how is that
not an orchestrated campaign to wipe out
part of the population I mean that's
that I don't think it's that I think
they consider that collateral damage in
the predatory practices that they have
here and it's about all the middlemen or
the the middlemen are all cogs in a
machine and there's no there's no one
figurehead guy at the top saying I am
running this and killing all these
people it's like I'm just a guy pushing
paper and denying your insurance claim
I'm just the guy sending you the bill
for the 13 guys sending the insurance
claim is making sixty to seventy million
dollars a year as an as a salary that's
the guy but that's the rise but the
predatory system right with it is set up
so that nobody has is culpable remember
Barack Obama said that there's there's
no real illegal thing that happened when
the entire financial system fell apart
and fraud there was no nothing you could
specifically point to and say that's the
guy that caused this oh I get that no
one's taking responsibility saying I'm
just saying this could be why people are
angry this could be why people vote the
way the elite sues you're saying I see
where you're going with this
you see what I'm saying cuz I said
because I'm saying I said yourself I'm
complaining I'm just saying exactly we
have to do more of this let's take a
break we'll come back and we're gonna
sort this all out okay okay don't go
away
all right we're back we're in heat of
the moment we're in - very interesting
so in other words what you're saying is
per the message of your t-shirt is
you're not complaining or just saying
you're just saying so when we were in
the first half looking at the u.s. voter
heading into the midterm what happened
to 2016 and how they were perhaps just
fed up of a predatory system and ever
declining wages now we're going to turn
to Europe because obviously Europe has a
vast social welfare system people are
not thrown into the gutter when they
lose their job they are covered if they
have a medical problem it's covered they
are not bankrupted by that and we see in
Germany we've seen some pretty shocking
sort of rallies going on in in Saxony in
the eastern German part of the country
where you're starting to see people
actually do Nazi salutes and stuff like
that so what's going on there why and
what exactly so what's going on there
why are people angry there why did
people vote for brexit so I'm gonna look
at first I'm gonna actually show you a
little photo is something from Pakistan
and this is a remarkable I think this is
a good analogy for what's happened in
Europe so this is a still from a video
and perhaps we can play a little bit of
the video here this is from Pakistan
where these are massive crocodiles the
oldest one is 128 years old and this guy
is just feeding them by hand now
scientists say that they've become tamed
over decades and decades of these people
going to a shrine in Pakistan where they
believe these are some sort of saint or
something so they're feeding them that
they've been tamed by being fed all this
meat well my question was like what
happens if they run out of meat and
these um these worshipers stop feeding
them will they revert to nature so here
as the as sort of globalization starts
to bring in waves of changes like what
what's happening in Europe about this
sort of breakdown how is how where are
these far-right parties coming from in
Germany in Austria
and you know Sweden and them but not
Denmark maybe but Finland like how is
that happening this is Timothy Garton
ash he often writes in The Guardian but
this is in the New York books and he
says it's the culture stupid now he uses
the German word for that which is a
little bit different from the
connotation in English so go read the
article to see that but he says and
explaining the populist vote in many
countries the inequality of attention is
at least as important as economic
inequality so he talks about a situation
that happened in East Germany when a
street protests in a small town in
Saxony was totally ignored by the
visiting Chancellor Merkel a protester
complained she doesn't even look at us
with her one can imagine a trump voter
saying something similar about hillary
clinton so he talks about the fact that
this is part of that whole trend of deep
platforming d monetizing and just
shutting down the voices of the angry
populace and sure it clearly expresses
itself as very right-wing and the much
of the elite that control everything are
left-wing and they don't want to hear
that voices so they shut it down here
they were protesting and they felt like
basically Merkel didn't it doesn't even
pay attention to them with her you know
behind and they go into the fact that
there's a bestseller that from an author
there who you know basically looks at
their Nazi past and it's considered
right-wing it was in the top ten best
sellers for weeks and Spiegel just took
it off attended it didn't it wasn't on
the top ten book of lists and the
Timothy Garton ash is putting that into
this notion is like we're basically that
we're not even pay that these people
don't even count we don't even hear them
we're gonna blank them and instead of it
you know having conversations with these
sort of people and doing things like
1960s and 70s television used to look
like in America when the likes of
Malcolm X when the likes of Muhammad Ali
were on television talking about really
they were talking from radical Perl and
sort of progressive
stands but in you know here we don't
have a sort of debates where you're
talking about radical crazy ideas but
you're asking the question about the
liberalism in Europe and the welfare
state in Europe and the fact that on one
hand it doesn't have the same problems
that we see in the US but now you're
saying on the fringes the rise of
problems well in Germany they're doing
very well their incomes are very high
they have free health care they have
free education many of the people in
these far-right groups the alternative
for democracy AFD or something like that
that they're that they're rising in
power but they have like aristocrats and
very wealthy people being part of this
these far-right groups so he's looking
at it and looking at why it's not caused
by economic hardship clearly in this
situation because these people are doing
very well and they have high incomes
they have all that they need so he's
looking at what else might be causing
this the stuff that our media is unable
to process at the moment I looked at the
Oregon closer well he's saying that the
inequality of attention that where
they're they're expressing concerns and
in this case a lot of them are concerned
about the mass amount of immigration
into their country even though it's not
going to East Germany it's going to
Berlin and Munich and Hamburg but he
said for the rank-and-file it when
Spiegel took this book off their top
seller list even though it was a top
seller he said for the rank-and-file it
is yet more evidence that the liberal
elites have so little time and respect
for them that they won't look at us even
with their we're still they won't even
let ordinary people say what they think
in a poll conducted in spring 2016 for
the freedom index of the John Stuart
Mill Institute in Heidelberg only 57% of
respondents said they felt that one can
freely express one's political opinion
in Germany today he thinks he goes on to
say that he thinks it's encouraging
debate John Stuart Mill would encourage
debate no matter how odious your opinion
was no matter if you're Steve Bannon
that you should be put on stage and
challenged with the
equal intellectual or somebody able to
articulate why that guy is wrong or what
you know have an open debate like we
used to back in the 60s and 70s before
everything got you know but in fact in
the 70s by the way we used to show the
bodies of our the dead soldiers
returning from Vietnam we don't do that
anymore we block out a lot of stuff but
it still exists I'm saying this seems to
be a lot of stuff that exists that
ignoring it doesn't make it go away
I guess because you know 60s and 70s are
going back to the recent pass and
further into the past you had economies
and societies that were a lot more
diversified we in the 21st century live
in an economy that's run almost 100%
exclusively on a consumerism so the fact
that Merkel is not paying any attention
to these people is not really the issue
and they should really concern
themselves with that the only question
that they have to ask themselves is are
they buying stuff because that's the
only thing anyone really cares about the
richest people in the world like a Jeff
Bezos they they got rich by selling
people stuff because that's what they
want to buy stuff and they want to
that's that's how they define themselves
you are what you buy that's who you are
you're not a religious affiliation
you're not part of a community you're
just somebody that buy stuff and if you
don't want to buy stuff then we don't
want to hear from you and that's the end
of the story nevertheless we still live
in democracies those people who vote Ft
still vote those people who vote for
Trump still vote and all our media is
able to say is absolute shock they don't
know where it's coming from the the only
ever answer is Putin that Putin has
something to do with it they're not
looking at our own culture Hillary
Clinton called
those people in Middle America that are
ignored and Trump spoke to them whether
or not he is it means it he spoke to
them and spoke their language he spoke
like an ordinary person and she called
them baskets of deplorable and after she
lost to him she said that they were
losers and my people were winners my
voters were in I dynamic winning places
so that's what I'm saying is they lost
right and in these German fringe Nazis
are not winning any big elections right
they're swearing in the elections they
call it persona
there that I think they're the number
two party right now
what's the chasm between the one and two
well you know there's a there's a
multi-party system in Germany
nevertheless let's move on to the next
story because here you know here's a guy
he's Timothy Garton as she's offered
this the inequality of attention and
certainly there seems to be a lot that
happens in the world that does not get
covered by the corporate media because
it does not sell goods it does not sell
you know the answer is not to ignore the
basic underlying problem in that the
society has lost its vitality as a
dynamic place for social cohesion has
become a purely a way to move goods to
be the end product on the assembly line
and that's the end of it now that's the
bigger problem that can be addressed in
the numerous different ways but
politically I don't think with the
campaign's run by corporations for
corporations by corporations you can see
any change in that sector of these but
the fundamental nature of the
disintegration of what's happening
around in certain communities it
nevertheless continues and I want to
talk to in the last three minutes here
about another headline from the Atlantic
because they are starting to also look
at in question the deeper macro story of
what is actually happening sure the
major corporations coca-cola Nike Nike
is now financing : Kaepernick Colin
Kaepernick so that you know the these
major corporations are adapting and
co-opting various groups and they will
always perhaps win until they don't but
why technology favors tyranny artificial
intelligence could erase many practical
advantages of democracy and erode the
ideals of liberty and equality it will
further concentrate power among a small
elite if we don't take steps to stop it
obviously we're not going to take steps
to stop it because that's not the nature
of humans and that's not the nature of
how power power doesn't just give up the
Amazon is now a trillion dollar company
Apple is a trillion dollar company
they're progressive companies they give
to Democrats and they're gonna Democrats
are gonna do all they can to make sure
that those people maintain that power
and wealth just like Obama helped
maintain the the power and wealth of
Wall Street when they backed him in the
20th century the masses revolted against
exploitation and sought to translate
their vital role in the economy into
political power now the masses fear
irrelevance and they are frantic to you
political power before it is too late
breaks it in the rise of Donald Trump
may therefore demonstrate a trajectory
opposite to that of traditional
socialist revolutions the Russian
Chinese and Cuban revolutions were made
by people who were vital to the economy
but lacked political power in 2016
Trump and Breck's that were supported by
many people who still enjoyed political
power but feared they were losing their
economic worth because of AI because of
robotics because of the the beginning of
the knowledge economy they fear
irrelevance of course they should fear
ravelin irrelevance because they are
irrelevant of course they are but they
are I've been saying for many years now
AI has mimics mimics humans to the point
where it completely fools humans so
humans are being irrelevant of history a
useless lapse and they say this is an
interest line they said it's much harder
to struggle against irrelevance for than
against exploitation exist at least when
you hear being exploited you can say
look I work in a sweatshop factory for
making nice shoes and people I agree but
here you're like you're basically Jeb
Bush clap pay attention to me clap for
me you know in none of the bots that run
a I can hear you scream and it's over
I've been saying that for a long time
Malcolm Glazer right with the
singularity that's happening faster than
anyone really wants to admit and that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Herbert if you want to catch us on
Twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
