graveyard soil coffin nails and some
revenge oil that's what a coven of
witches in New York used the place a hex
on US Supreme Court justice Brett
Kavanaugh this past weekend he was
recently appointed to the lifetime
position after facing sexual misconduct
allegations well the event was met with
protestors condemning the sorcery while
a Catholic priest an exorcist attempted
to counter the dark magic by saying a
mass killer my pen for one was
spellbound
so we're here in Brooklyn where a group
of pagan witches have gathered to place
a hex on the newly confirmed Supreme
Court justice Brett Kavanaugh now in the
statement for the event essentially they
said that black magic is a mechanism for
exacting justice by women who have been
wronged by men just like him now the
ceremony is taking place at this occult
bookstore behind me
now here in Liberal Brooklyn witchcraft
Wicca might just be considered to be
another hobby or fascination but in some
parts of the country it's no laughing
matter there are schools around the
country where the Harry Potter books are
forbidden from the school library
because Christian parents are offended
by the witchcraft content and there have
been cases where Satanists and Wiccan
practitioners have gone to court
demanding their religious freedom
needless to say tonight's ceremony did
not sit well with a number of Trump
supporters it is a scary time right now
I mean there's a list of things going on
now you've got witches that are placing
a heads on Brett Kavanaugh now a
Catholic priest who's been trained in
Rome as a bonafide
Exorcist says he will be conducting a
mask to protect Brett Kavanaugh from the
witches he says that witchcraft is not a
matter of free speech conjuring up
personified evil does not fall under
free speech satanic cults often commit
crimes they murder and sexually abuse
everyone in their cult we decided to
talk to some of the people attending the
ceremony or gathered outside the
bookstore and see how they feel about
cursing Cavanaugh do you think the
ceremony tonight will actually impact
Brett Kavanaugh could backfire and help
Brett Kavanaugh seems to be doing pretty
well for a guy who's been hexed few
times
hopefully die but I don't want him to
die I just want him to like be paralyzed
the rest of his life so he can't talk or
something so you're coming out to to
counter the witch ceremony it's not
about countering it's serving the love
of God so we just want to say instead of
like curses we want to activate these
blessings and we want to show the love
of God because we're not about hate
because that's what that's about
we're showing that where I say about
love I encourage everyone to also go out
and register to vote magic is one thing
but you know the polls are another so
will Brett Kavanaugh is tenure on the US
Supreme Court be impacted by tonight's
ceremony or is he going to be protected
by that Catholic Mass conducted by an
exorcist or is this all just a bunch of
silly superstition that means absolutely
nothing well like with most
virtual matters there's no way to be
absolutely sure but what we can be sure
of is that Americans are increasingly
becoming divided caleb Maupin RT New
York
you
