so-called halal tax and more Arabic
courses in schools are being proposed in
France as ways of sorting the spread of
radical Islam the measures proposed by a
think-tank can come as the government
considers its own moves shall ado been
skis been gauging reaction in Paris to
the latest suggestions here's a reminder
of an ambitious promise president Matt
gone native lawmakers a few months ago
the total reform of Islam in France and
with the groundwork in place by the
autumn there is a radical and aggressive
interpretation of Islam that sets as its
goal questioning the norms and laws of
our free country and free society by
autumn we will clarify this situation by
giving Islam a framework and rules that
will guarantee that it is practiced in
accordance with the laws of the Republic
so far it's only words but while macron
continues to chew over how to bring in
those changes help is at hand a liberal
think tank the Montaigne Institute has
released a report with its own
suggestions it is essential to have an
alternative Muslim religious discourse
in French that is parallel to the
mainstream discourse prevalent on social
networks today meaning the Salafist
discourse France must equip itself with
the means and important networks to
disseminate this counter narrative who
can do that only Muslims the report also
has some concrete suggestions about how
to achieve this one is to incorporate
Arabic into the education system the
idea is that by offering Arabic in
schools fewer children would find
themselves in dubious institutions
linked to Salafi indoctrination and
radicalization a great idea or not
people here in Paris aren't sure it's
not going to fight anything the
terrorists will remain terrorists they
won't fight them by speaking Arabic I
don't see why we can't learn Arabic it's
a very interesting language and it would
help us to open ourselves to the people
we meet on a daily basis I work in a
hospital and I mean lots of people who
speak Arabic and we need to have
translate
it would be interesting to learn this
language at school I'm not for it I
don't think it's going to change
anything
learning several language is good anyway
I don't think every day kids should
learn Arabic but the one wants and as
you say it will help the think tank also
suggests creating an official and
independent Muslim Association for Islam
in France with the idea that it could
help stamp out any underground
fundamentalism but it suggests the
funding for such a body should come from
attacks on halal food products and other
services for Muslims yet again that
hasn't gone down well with everyone else
it's not fair the prices keep on rising
and rising it's a crisis we don't know
if this money will really go to help
Muslims it's now just politics in our
religion if you can't find food that is
low you can still eat just not pork you
just need to pray for what you are
eating so you can eat almost anything
you want so I don't think it's a
solution too much it's all right I think
and make sure you find your Hollywood
everywhere like making everywhere and
it's all right as for taxes if the funds
are used properly then why not we need
to look at the possible advantages it
could help some groups of people
division over both suggestions from the
report may have mark on thinking that
he's bitten off more than he can chew
especially with the fact that recent
polls are hardly sliding in the
president's favor one carried out by a
doctor this week found that 71% of
respondents now thought negatively of
him and when it comes to how his
government is handling terrorism
previous polls showed that more than
half that they weren't doing enough many
are waiting with bated breath to see how
macron will keep those promises over
Islam here but the early signs are not
positive
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris
you
