hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report navigating the Ouija board of
your mind
oh this is an S it must be Stacy max you
know I'm so excited to get to the second
half because you interviewed Michael
Hudson you already did that first so
we're so excited to get to that that
we're actually gonna have this half
quite short for the extended interview
with dr. Michael Hudson about demo of
course he is an economist and a
historian an economic historian and he
has amazing stories but our history is
being written today and that is turkey
calls us wild wolves vows to abandon
dollar and trade turkish President
Erdogan on last Sunday vowed Ankara
would pursue non dollar transactions and
trade with Russia and other countries
accusing the u.s. of behaving like wild
wolves he was in Kyrgyzstan and talking
to some entrepreneurs and business
people and when he said exactly was
quote America behaves like wild wolves
don't believe them using the dollar only
damages us we will not give up we will
be victorious of course those are always
famous last words but the fact is again
this is something that we've been
covering on crisis report for years and
signaling a warning about that the the
end of the dollar that our hegemony
around the world is basically unlike
previous empires through that debt
through that channel of debt through
that Swift system through the US dollar
which is just an item of debt and IOU
so we've able we've been able to control
the world through that we've had that
power to force everybody to comply with
it but as soon as you wield your power
your power thus inevitably begins to
diminish because of the hubris
erna when it joins the bum of the Month
Club
whether it's Qaddafi Saddam they all
said we're getting out of the dollar and
we got a price of oil in Euros dollars
bad Hugo Chavez's another bum of the
month who got destroyed by the dollar
the current guy who's never running
Venezuelan
I was gonna get destroyed by the dollar
look turkey instead of talking about the
wolf the wild wolves of America stop
crying wolf grow grow a pair and adopt
Krypto hard money real hard money oh
that's right
you're all talk talk talk talk talk
Paquito get on well you know whatever
Swiss bank account you have hidden away
just go there and shut up
well allegedly or made I made that up
who cares it doesn't you're a peanut who
cares just go away
shut up well he's a member turkey is a
member of NATO and of course this he's
backed up by the top coming from Germany
as well
Germany is always in the middle of
whatever empires falling apart and a new
one rising so we'll see what happens in
that it's just a signal these are
signals and perhaps like the others
before him they'll just be destroyed but
the the the big wild card of course what
most geopolitics in geo-economics in the
last 20 years is really about is the
rise of China and you could kind of see
that in 2000 we as a nation gave up on
our own people that's when you see all
the charts start to like fall apart for
what wealth and income gap is what the
ordinary worker made what sort of
benefits we had we saw the escalation in
debts related to education and health
care
ie the ordinary bottom 99.9% of the
population had to pay big time if they
wanted any access because we didn't the
the at least didn't care about us
anymore so that there is a question
bloomberg.com
is again financial news and they're
looking at it and they're asking does
China have what it takes to be a
superpower and they look at various
aspects of it whether they have their
financial power whether their economic
power the military power and the
cultural power ie the soft power
obviously they do not have the soft
power that the u.s. does the US has
Hollywood and there are very few other
areas of the world that have something
even remotely similar where they could
project this you know amazing heroic
story about themselves but
in terms of regional they do see by 2030
that is it's bizarre to consider America
a regional power in Asia
but they reckon by 2030 that China will
definitely be the regional superpower
will no longer be the u.s. in that area
due to their military might China's
military might and their economic might
in the area and well so that therefore
the u.s. they Bloomberg projects will no
longer be the regional power in Asia so
the other key question they look at is
the law whether it could be a superpower
globally and they said that part of the
problem is that their one-child policy
is about to really the fact that they've
had the one-child policy for decades
that they're no longer going to have the
the workforce and part of the reason for
the one belt one road policy is because
of their absence of workforce but
because of that one belt one road policy
they now have economic interests in vast
ways of the world and this is a great
chart to show this is the road part this
is the maritime part and one of our
guests on our podcast recently pointed
out that this is all subject to
sanctions right now Pakistan Turkey Iran
Russia so those are all under US
sanctions as part of the one belt one
Road policy in China well look I mean
China becomes when they put a man on the
moon okay that American will take notice
and they'll be like wow the who that's
China there's a country called China
what maybe we should get our you know
you mentioned culture there in soft
power and the character of a nation
America if it's faced with an
existential threat like China becoming a
superpower well get its act together and
like we did during the Cold War after
Russia put up Sputnik the u.s. landed on
the moon that's why I mentioned the moon
and look if we have an existential
crisis coming down the path guys like
Trump and other entrepreneurial you know
leaders will mobilize the country and I
welcome this challenge because right now
America doesn't have anybody else out
there to play with you know what kind of
board we would be great if we had
another superpower out there
so here's what Bloomberg says about that
one belt one road policy as a result of
the one-child policy both to boost the
long term prospects of its own economy
and to extend its influence China has
embarked on what is probably the most
ambitious foreign investment campaign in
history president Xi's belt and Road
initiative extends from China to Western
Europe and other parts of the world by
land and sea it performs some of the
functions of Washington's large foreign
aid budget but more than that it has the
potential to create longer-term revenue
ties and dependencies even if China's
leaders don't want to become the next
global superpower the need to promote
and protect such widespread investments
could take them there so the fact that
they have these investments unless the
US sanctions along that line there then
this is the most important because
clearly that the u.s. is not concerned
about maritime power they know that they
have all the aircraft landing carriers
so they don't need to worry about that
they don't need to sanction these
countries that China's using the
maritime they need to sanction all those
countries and prevent that from
happening
that is an expensive freakin project
that's like a lot of money to sustain
that's an empire that doesn't come cheap
and guess what funds it right now US
dollars and guess who's got like two
trillion three trillion China guess who
can turn off the spigot at any moment
put that country back in a hundred years
America so don't tell me that they're
gonna frickin conquer the world because
a bunch of uh squiggly lines going over
the desert it's not going to happen well
of course the maritime route is all
about oil and energy is always the most
important ingredient to become a
superpower so it's quite interesting to
look at this final headline here about
electric vehicles because I think China
has the ability unlike a democracy like
America to just act quick and with
dictate dictate how things should be
this is remarkable surging demand for
electric vehicles global sales of
electric vehicles cracked the 400000
barrier in the second quarter
rising seventy-seven percent from a year
earlier to four hundred and eleven
thousand according to report from
bloomberg NEF China with two hundred and
twenty five thousand units not only
maintained its lead but outsold of the
rest of the world combined
Europe accounted for 22% of electric
vehicle sales in the quarter with North
America and 19% so you know this is an
interesting thing to look at to watch
moving forward because you need energy
to become a global superpower what and I
kind of like that subtext of what
Bloomberg said I don't really think
China really wants to be a global
superpower I think they want to be a
regional one but I don't they certainly
don't want a reserve currency they don't
want to replace the US dollar with the
UN because they have a huge population
and an unruly population so why would
they want to have to run the trade
deficits and thus destroy their
manufacturing base in a way that America
has had to do in order to keep the
dollar as a reserve currency right well
you know more to come on this story
obviously we don't know what their
policies are but we can see their data
we can see that they're there pivoting
from oil they're pivoting from carbon
they're there they're fast introducing
nuclear power solar wind geothermal
there they're pivoting away from
anything that they could be contained
yeah okay so you're saying that oh they
can move quickly they have the ability
to change direction in their economy
because it's a top-down system it's
basically you know a very small cadre of
powerful folks that run the entire
country it's not really democracy is it
but you know the another name for this
would be Industrial Policy countries
have industrial policies Japan had an
industrial policy so does Korea okay and
they made them world-beating
manufacturers and exporters and America
has I think an ace up its sleeve in its
1.6 trillion dollar military budget in
other words the leader of the United
States can say no what we're going to
cut that in half and we're gonna put 700
billion dollars to work tomorrow in
doing a solar or renewable energy
projects now that fracking is dead and
it's provably its dead now that the New
York Times said it was dead even though
he said it was dead five years ago but
now that they've the paper of record
says it's dead so it's officially dead
and you take that huge chunk of money
and you say okay we're gonna do solar
we're gonna do solar arrays across
America we got huge
got a lot of sunshine we're gonna create
a lot of energy renewable energy and
we're going to take it into the 21st
century so again if China is going to
awaken the monster the Beast the dragon
the the American entrepreneurial spirit
you know the US economy is benefiting by
the fact that people are so encouraged
by Trump the consumer spending is up
because they feel like this guy gives
them confidence industrial production is
up and things are booming here the
latest figures from august's actually
shows it up you know the economy is
booming and so our stock markets they're
coming coming to life they say they're
responding they're responding to this
the existential threat is keep peeping
over the parapet getting getting
prepared well let's look at the future
by talking to the historian and Michael
Hudson in the second let's talk to dr.
Michael Hudson in the second half he
knows stuff don't go away
much more coming your way stay there
welcome back to the constant reporting
max keiser time now to turn to Michael
Hudson author of many books including
his next one out this November it's
called quote and forgive them their
debts
okay Michael Hudson welcome back good to
be here back all right Michael your new
book has a very long title actually it's
called and forgive them their debts
lending foreclosure and redemption from
the Bronze Age finance to the Jubilee
year you have said debts that cannot be
repaid will not be repaid tell us about
Jubilees when did they start and what do
they look like
well I begun to write a history of debt
cancellations almost 40 years ago and in
the process I got all the way back to
Sumer and Babylonia and the biblical
times and joined the Harvard faculty as
in Babylonian archeology economic at the
Peabody Museum which was this
anthropology department and I realized
that amazing as it seems nobody's
written a history of debt in the world
so I am
part of a three-volume work but this is
the first volume and it deals without
debt originated in the Bronze Age in
Mesopotamia and how every ruler of Sumer
and Babylonia when they take the throne
their first act would be to proclaim a
clean slate
they cancel the debts they deliberate
people who were in poo or sunk into
bondage for debt and they'd redistribute
land that was foreclosed on by creditors
in other words what the Babylonian
rulers would do Hammurabi and his group
Sumerians in the third millenium
Hammurabi and the Babylonians in the
second millennium were exactly what the
the Jews took over Judaism took over in
the first millennium when the exiled
Jews returned from Babylonia into back
into Judea and applied this three point
cancellation as the Jubilee year and
they wrote it into the very core of
Leviticus into the core of Mosaic law
and that became the whole they rewrote
the whole history of the Old Testament
is a struggle between debtor and
creditor interests the kings by the
first millennium no longer were
canceling that that's not only in the
Jewish lands but in the Mediterranean
they went over to the side of the
oligarchs where they survived the
creditors and so it was the religious
leaders that took that cancellation out
of the hands of the kings and put it at
the center of the basic religion and
this was the case by the time of Jesus
and we know now from the Dead Sea
Scrolls base the whole cult around multi
Zadok that debt cancellation was a
popular pressure opposed by the leading
Jewish rabbis such as hello who
introduced the protocol of saying we
waive all the rights
under the jubilee year they ever gets
cancelled and this is what Jesus spoke
about in the very first sermon that he
gave Luke describes how Jesus went to
the temple unrolled the scroll of Isaiah
and where Isaiah was calling for a debt
cancellation the the year of the Lord
the Jubilee year
and Jesus said I've come to proclaim the
Jubilee year and to fulfill this
prophecy and Luke says the people around
them in that in his hometown where he
gave the the sermon got angry Adam tried
to drive them out and started a whole
political fight between the creditor
interests okay by that time it gained
control of the Jewish church and Jesus
who said wait a minute this is I want to
restore the original Judaism with a debt
cancellation in the Mosaic law and we
all know how it ended he was put to
death not because he was talking about
rescuing people from sins but rescuing
people from debt and the word from sin
and debt are the same because in archaic
language a debt the word forget was
originally the main thing that debts
were taken up for to pay for having
committed a sin namely personal injury
but we know in indo-european culture are
the very guilt for killing somebody for
injuring them for breaking an arm or
whatever this idea of a sin is a is a
debt Jesus generalized in to the problem
of his day which were debts in general
so what I ended up doing is writing not
only a history of debt cancellations and
how they came to be and what the general
philosophy was all the way from
somewhere in Babylonia through Judean
Israel but also the history of how debt
cancellation was woven into religion and
became the key of religious fighting all
the way down through the Byzantine
right now you talk about how people get
into debt usually you know the
catastrophic things happened illnesses
happen people get into debt and then you
have these debt Jubilees the slate is
wiped clean and the economies are
restarted I know when I was living in
France the new president I believe or
the new mayor of Paris whenever they got
elected they would forgive all parking
tickets you know this was kind of a
continuation of this theme but the big
question though dr. Michael Hudson is
that we we seem to have transitioned to
an era where we no longer believe in
debt to Belize but we have what I guess
you could call it a credit Jubilee in
other words in the 2008 crisis that was
a debt driven crisis the policy to come
back and address that was not to forgive
the debts but to bail out the creditors
is this an historic change have we've
seen this historically have we seen it
before and is it a dangerous precedent
because the debt Jubilee seemed to work
for thousands of years
this is something kind of new it seems
what are your thoughts well already in
in antiquity you had other creditors so
the oligarchs the wealthy classes saying
that what is sacred is not cancelling
the debts but enforcing their payments
and already by the fourth century in
Athens jurors and mayor's throughout
Greece were obliged to take an oath not
to enact any policy that would cancel
the debts or redistribute the land and
so already way back then they put the
question was what's going to be sacred
the creditor interests that lead to
bankrupting society and pushing it into
serfdom or the debtor interest of most
of the population at large that in order
to keep them from falling into bondage
so that if you look at modern mainstream
histories er Greece and Rome they say
Western civilization is founded and
differs from all others of earlier
civilizations with a sanctity of
property
what they mean of the sanctity of
property is really the sanctity of debt
and the right of creditors to foreclose
on the property of the population at
large that foreclose on the state and to
really take over the entire economy so
you could say that Western civilization
is founded on the dynamic that led to
serfdom in antiquity and it's the same
dynamic that you just described that
we're going at today
reducing the population essentially to
debt peonage where and that's the
relevance of the study of antiquity
there what led to feudalism then is the
tendency of debt to grow more rapidly
than the ability to pay that people fell
into debt not only because they were
sick and had to borrow 75 percent of the
debts in Babylonia were not borrowed at
all they were tax arrears you're parking
tickets from France most if most of the
debts are unpaid taxes because of the
crop failure that prevents are the rural
population from paying taxes or because
of other problems then it's really the
money to the state that was the main
cause of death and today of course the
creditors have taken over the state and
the state is the Democratic Party's
donor class Wall Street and that you
have a an inversion of the old original
of Bronze Age recovery program planes
lakes to say that is inexorable we're
not going to cancel the depths we are
only going to bail out the creditors and
enable them to essentially reduce the
rest of the population to bondage where
all of the income all the economic
surplus is paid for debt service not for
tangible investment not for rising
living standards and that basically the
fight that we're having today has been
fought again and again all the way from
Babylonia to the Near East to the
biblical lands to Greece and Rome and to
the Byzantine Empire
you know I don't see this as often as I
used to but I used to see this phrase a
lot what would Jesus do you know was
maybe a bumper sticker or something what
would Jesus do so let's go back to 2008
for a second the global financial crisis
knew President Barack Obama he's got a
decision to make
bailout the debtors or bailout the
creditors so by the standard that you're
talking about the historical standard
the religious standard the Christian
standard the Jesus standard Jesus would
have done the exact opposite to what
Barack Obama did Michael
well what Obama did really he said Who
am I going to do bailout my campaign
contributors on Wall Street or bailout
the people who voted for me and he said
look I represent my campaign
contributors and he invited them to the
wall to the White House he invited the
leading Wall Street people and said look
I'm the only guy standing between you
and the pitchforks you know I'm gonna
don't worry I'm on your side and we know
that he repeated that two days ago it
McCain's funeral he said McCain and I
had no difference in policy at all
well here is a McCain one of the the
Keating five who backed the Savings and
Loan ripoff by Charles Keating and
pressured Alan Greenspan not to
prosecute not to are regulate the
savings and loans you you have very
clearly Obama on the side of the
creditors and other crooks the the
difference between antiquity is today as
the creditors normally use political
assassination of almost every leading
debtor advocate all the way from the
Gracchi brothers in Rome to Julius
Caesar who took the populist top throw
better policy well today the creditor
class only does that in Chile and
Argentina and third world countries it
hasn't done that in the United States
yet because there really isn't any
discussion either in the religious
community or on the left
fresh realizing that the dynamic that's
making people poor is primarily
financial it's debt it's the financial
systems this dysfunctional relationship
not the old-fashioned idea that only
industrialists are exploiting the
workers well of course
corporate corporations exploit the
workers but now they moved abroad to
exploit foreign workers again it's
largely a financial driven austerity
program so yes Jesus would have bailed
out would have cancelled the debts and
written them written off the bad debts
like the German economic miracle did and
this is the economic miracle we're going
to have a clean slate
next time the creditors should take
responsibility and not make a bad loans
and the function of the banking system
should be to serve the economy not the
economy should serve the banking system
and the takeover of the one percent that
controls most of the banks all right dr.
Michael Hudson fantastic thanks for
being on the Kaiser report it's always
good to be here man
all righty well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me max Kaiser and Stacy Herbert like to
thank our guest dr. Michael Hudson his
new book is going to be called and
forgive them their debts
sounds like a must read do you want to
catch us on twitter it's Kaiser report
until next time bye Oh
