so the Lord God and caused the man to
fall into a deep sleep and while he was
sleeping he took one of the man's ribs
and then closed up the place with flesh
I was born a male I started living as a
female when I was 19 years old had a sex
change when I was 30 years old I've now
been living as a woman for 28 years and
I fully regret this nobody can change
genders it's impossible it's delusional
it's a mental illness then the Lord God
made a woman from the rib he had taken
out of the man and he brought her to the
man once I finally had the surgery I
went out this was the wrong thing to do
it was the wrong thing to do to cut off
my male anatomy
the man said this is now bone of my
bones and flesh of my flesh she shall be
called woman for she was taken out of
man that is why a man leaves his father
and mother and is united to his wife and
they become one flesh the fact of the
matter is the 40% of people who are
attempting suicide are people who regret
ever changing genders
I cut my lawn for right there around 4
o'clock and to get up but usually I wake
up beforehand it's as though God just
wakes me up I read the Bible and then I
pray and then I try to be still and
listen for his voice his guidance
hi my name is Billy Burley and living
here in Lompoc in this house and I used
to work for NASA y'all come on in and
let me show you all around the house a
little bit so the weather over here in
Lompoc is exceptional we don't have
air-conditioned over here and so we keep
the doors and windows open for a good
bit throughout the year
I was a skinny little introverted kid
had a speech impediment and tried to
talk but a lot of people didn't
understand me
my body told me that I belong with the
boys but my thoughts my mind was saying
and that I belong with the girls and I
didn't know which way to go want it to
be like my sisters I thought I shouldn't
be like my sisters and when my older
sisters started wearing makeup I started
playing with some of her makeup I in the
bathroom and then in the sixth grade
when I was on the summer league routine
and we had a new diving coach well what
he would do is when he had a chance he
would play with me and he would fondle
me and try to get and get me to have an
erection and just continue to play with
me chromoly I'm gonna have to shut you
into a room and can we pause for just a
moment come on Camille let's get you
into a room back here you are gonna keep
moving around come on quiet bad dog bad
dog hold one moment I will try to
silence the don't Dottie Dottie go lay
down lay down go lay down first off my
name is Renee jacks and I'm an author
I've written eight books so far three of
them to do with transsexuality I was
born male
grew up in a very conservative
Republican family my father was pretty
much absent most of my childhood he was
an alcoholic
my mother was mentally ill the childhood
was so troubled and so traumatic that in
retrospect I was able to look at it and
realized that there was no way I was
getting out of childhood normal you go
and you take a shower and you're there
to get clean but every time I had to
take off my clothes every time I went to
bathe you know there's no getting around
the fact that I wasn't a girl that I was
a boy and that really is the one memory
that sticks out is just how much I hate
my penis hated my penis by the time I
left high school when I was 18 I was
cross-dressing most of the time once I
was away from school and a couple years
afterwards I ended up in San Francisco
which had a very small gay community and
I started I had made the decision by the
time I was about 20 to start living
full-time as a girl
when you start dating people and if you
pass well enough the whole purpose is
are you a transsexual or are you a woman
and my in my mind I was always a woman
I'm wanting to date and I'm not telling
the men that I'm dating that I have a
penis and so when they find out they
become violent they there were a couple
instances where I was beaten very badly
my mirror georgiyevich I'm a surgeon in
urologist and I'm a leader of Belgrade
Centre for genital reconstructed Rallo G
our centre is very well known especially
for transgender surgery and we perform
all types of transgender surgery male to
female female to male we do search with
possible complications and one of the
very very actual now reversal surgery in
regretful after one another one way in
in transgender transformation we try
always to to make it retail is to be
first very functional and then to be
more acceptable in a statical view if
you discuss about male to female our
results are much better why because in
one surgery we create a completely
normal female genitalia and this persons
usually can have a sexual intercourse
can enjoy in sexual activity according
to our experience more than 90%
transgender surgery starts to be a very
popular for both persons doctors and you
can you can find out too many drugs on
this field oh I'm going to to make my
genitals to be different like now and I
will be very nice lady or I will be a
very strong man or something like this
and after that after some some event
like alcohol or drug abuse or something
ladies you are awake from anesthesia
with the new Katrina tailors the main
milestone was finding a doctor who would
give me the hormones if I get the
hormones if female cross-sex hormones my
life will be perfect and then you think
well if I can only would get my voice
get my male voice up here
and that battle make me you know just
happy and then you think the next thing
is well if I can get breast implants
that's all I need it's never enough
and finally if you've gone through the
therapy and you can convince a doctor to
start cutting on you you go and you have
a sex change I had my sex change in 1990
and in the back of my mind I didn't
think I thought it might be like all the
other stuff I had done but I was hoping
just hoping that that would make me feel
complete
I don't want to get in there so why
would you tell your neighbor that you
did something that was so stupid
it's absolutely ridiculous to tell a
neighbor hey I was a transgender and
I've D transition pretty embarrassing to
go through a gender change to be that
stupid to believe that you can actually
change genders you got to be pretty bill
equipped to handle the truth I was born
in Los Angeles senator good family good
people I was taken to my grandmother's
house quite frequently as my parents
like to go away on the weekend they like
to camp and fish I somehow became
interested at my grandma's house in
cross-dressing and I mentioned something
to her
about that so she decided to make me a
purple dress and allow me to put it on
and wear the dress
I finally got so interested and excited
about wearing the dress that I got tired
of waiting til I was gonna go to
Grandma's house to secretly crossdress
so I snuck the dress home well my mom
found the dress and so then dad got
upset I was never allowed to go to
Grandma's house again
the first step was I changed my name
secretly when I was about 13 years old
to Crystal probably in my late 20s I
started to talk to doctors about hormone
therapy and I began to take hormone
therapy 35 years ago there wasn't much
information and we concluded that based
on everything that was available at the
time that undergoing hormone therapy
further hormone therapy and gender
reassignment surgery would be the answer
to resolve this quote gender identity
disorder that's when I in April of 1983
I underwent the gender reassignment
surgery by doctor
Biber in Trinidad Colorado it was
amazing I felt like the world had been
lifted from my shoulders and it was all
really wonderful the only thing I don't
know is was it all the medication from
five hours of surgery that made me feel
this way or was it because I had gone
through the surgery because you're
pretty heavily medicated my female name
at the time was Laura Jensen
lompoc is is a nice town and it's quiet
and it's small I was a little bit
apprehensive going in into surgery but
also a little excited to finally we're
at this point and after going into
surgery and then coming out of surgery
and being in the elevator I asked
somebody is it gone and they assured me
that it was gone and I was very relieved
I was losing a lot of blood through the
surgical site
what they did was kept putting gauze
into my new vagina but I was excited I
was excited that finally this is done
this is now behind me so now we'll start
my new life
I never had the full ability to have
intercourse because the the the vagina
that they make is so small so anytime I
tried to have intercourse it was
extremely painful and it wouldn't happen
so these surgeries are nothing more than
plastic surgery they they don't create
the phalluses that they create for
female to males are really hideous
looking I've had several female to male
friends and you look at it and you just
go oh god you paid for that it's
horrible the sex change didn't solve my
discomfort the doctors who are honest
will say that the gender dysphoria is
always there and it's because the
confusion is it's not so much it starts
out being about your Anatomy but really
what it's you don't like yourself
being a freak in society being I call it
in my book a social pariah is not the
way you want to live the isolation
drives you to despair and so yeah
suicide is a big big thing maybe
yesterday I don't know the first time
was right before the surgery in 1990 and
the only thing that kept me from doing a
quiet honest is I'm a coward at heart
just was so deeply disturbed at the time
I wondered in my life and somebody I
knew had some cocaine so I attempted to
use it to kill myself and it obviously
didn't work but my heart was pounding so
hard after I took it that I thought it
was gonna come out of my chest
I feel safer having done that and not
staying in one place very long where
people might find out what I do and who
I am I don't want people to know that
around me I don't want to be outed by
the people around me I was leaving
church one day and on Sunday three four
years ago now and I got a email that
said I'm ready to commit suicide can you
help me and it was a transgender who had
lived the life transgender life for two
or three years and was totally
discouraged with it
I was actually exchanging information
and talking with him on some level up to
five times a day to keep him from
committing suicide he eventually
restored his life he did the transition
back this is my entire office right here
my computer my desk my chair my slippers
and this is where I sit and work I don't
need any more than this everything that
I do is right here on the computer or on
the phone talking to people
I've D transitioned now for 25 years
little longer and so it was when I D
transitioned that everything began to
make sense to me and when I realized
that how important it was to D
transition to become psychologically
emotionally and socially a healthy
person that I wanted others who wanted
to D transition to have a way to come
back to that same experience that I have
and if they have regret and want to D
transition I've built a website for them
sex change regret com
how are you yeah we're doing we're doing
good
Billie contacted me by email like most
people do and we began to exchange
information and I talked to him on the
phone
his story was just like mine he was
sexually abused I was sexually abused
and that was kind of the trigger point
of changing genders come on kid come on
come get you clothes on
seven years after transitioning to woman
a woman I started thinking okay I've
been doing this for seven years now my
problem should have gone away from by
now but they hadn't and I actually had
more problems at that point
another problem it's just trying to pass
and trying to do my hair just right
trying to do my makeup just right trying
to look just right to where people would
not be uncomfortable because you can see
when people identify you as being
transgendered I was like this isn't life
nothing has really changed
I'm still struggling I was better off as
I was before the surgery before the
hormone treatment so it was at that
point five years after the surgery there
about that I started to have thoughts
about changing back that's my student ID
from LSU and so now swimming at LSU I
had a really big Adam's apple heavy brow
Ridge a pretty big jaw this is the idea
after I had SRS surgery
and when I was transitioning back to
male in Louisiana
that's the driver's license I got I had
a lot of other pictures from that period
but one day when I was sitting in my
office looking at the pictures of me
back during this seven-year period seven
eight years as being female
it was so discouraging that I wasted so
much my life in this particular period
doing all of this that just in the state
that I was in I erased all of the
pictures that I had off of the computer
and destroyed the pictures of me from
that period to try to erase that period
of my life with God's help I went
through the change and I went back to
being male so I went through that
surgery and on the backside of it I was
in so much pain and so much discomfort
and read a gret at that surgery more
than the first SRS surgery that I had
and then when he took the bandages off
of my stomach to show me the skin graft
I was almost horrified at it to me it
was gross but it was by then surgery and
the paperwork that the surgeon gave me
sand and when I had the surgery done
initially he gave me the paperwork then
said okay I've been surgically changed
to male I'm 60 years old there's no
reason for me after a lifetime of being
in transition to go and start living
dressing as a man anymore
there's there's there's no there's no
there's no benefit in it but there is a
benefit and my standing before an
audience of young kids in college who
are considering this path and saying to
them okay I'm the real deal I started
living when as a woman when I was 20
I've lived 40 years of my life I had
breast augmentation I've had genital
surgery I've had 40 years of hormones
all of it has not made my life any
better it's never solved the problem you
break your your left leg you go into a
doctor's office and under the
transsexual rule of medical treatment
they say this is your new normal and
we're going to break your right leg too
I think it's safe to say that when
somebody has been cross-dressed
and affirmed physically abused and
sexually abused that psychotherapy is
the most needed therapy not hormones in
surgery when I met Rachel I was already
legally a man again
hey baby doll how would you day her and
her daughter came over to my house for
Fellowship of Christian Athletes meeting
and it was there that I first met her
and that was in 2010 and from there I
invited her for coffee I didn't know
what that meant so I asked one of my
classmates what does that mean one of my
younger classmates so so she said well
that's a safe way for asking for a date
her trying to meet up with somebody I
shared with her my path and what had
happened and how I was and at that time
she said okay let's be friends we had
shared the same interest like what I was
saying we both like doing especially
swimming but triathlons were liked
hiking I don't know I can't I know he
will say he remembered some time we went
on a hike and we sat down for a rest and
bench and I passed that close to him and
put my head on his shoulder and it was
at that point I knew our relationship
with changing and that it was okay for
me to start pursuing Rachel in a
romantic way and I did
excellent you're good the intimacy
between Rachel and me with me being
surgically altered I cannot come to an
orgasm so Rachel and I we enjoy intimacy
all right in that wonderful fresh air
fresh air is good it is beautiful and
I'm praying for a little bit more rain
because if you notice up here the green
is starting to turn back to brown
he asked me pretty soon after a few
months if I'd marry him I think I
thought about it for not too long maybe
a week or two and responded yes my older
daughter said it probably best is she
wanted they wanted me to be happy
and I knew I was going to change back
but the big moment came when I was
praying and the Lord Jesus appeared to
me as a vision in the prayer as though I
could touch him just like I could touch
anybody here and he came and reached
down to me with his hands and picked me
up and said you're now safe with me
forever and it was at that moment that
my life changed in a split-second look
at this I'm healthy many of the people
who've gone through this before me are
dead they're alcoholics they're still
struggling with their identity and I'm
alive and well and healthy and married
for 21 years to my wife that's that's
redemption restoration and I'm helping
other people what other thing that's
better in life when you're reaching out
and helping other people with their life
do you pay I love you did you taste it
it is feel pretty
I'm still pretty tasty
I am so happy I am the way I am now even
though I have problems I have a choice
to let my problems I burden me or to
look up to see each day as a beautiful
day and just to enjoy life in his hands
he's got you and me baby in his hands
he's got you and me baby in his hands
he's got the whole world in his hands
you
