hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
it's official now Jamal khashoggi died
in the Saudi consulate in Turkey on
October 2nd the person or persons
responsible for his death is yet to be
determined but one thing is certain this
tragic story is far from over
crosstalking some real news i'm joined
by my guests here in moscow mark mark
Sloboda he's an international affairs
and security analyst we also have
Dimitri Babak
he's the political analyst with Sputnik
International and we have Glenn these
and he is a professor at the higher
School of Economics as well as author of
the decay of Western civilization and
resurgence of Russia alright gentleman
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump any time you want and I always
appreciate it Glenn in the future we're
gonna do a review of your book but we're
gonna stick with this Khashoggi story
here mark well who are the winners who
were the losers here and where do you
think this is going to go well the the
the ultimate loser is of course the the
journalist slash intelligence affiliate
jamalo shows slash regime dissident
insider yeah yeah I mean he's he's been
a fervent member of the Muslim
Brotherhood something that if you
mention you are part of the right-wing
whisper smear campaign against against
him he was a real player he was he was
involved with the CIA and former Saudi
intelligence vice he was opposed to the
most recent he was the protege of the
former intelligence official of Saudi
Arabia the head of their intelligence
and since default the Saudi Arabia's
fall out with the Muslim Brotherhood
during the Arab Spring he has since been
excised from power and became an actual
dissident against the Saudi government
he was also affiliated with the CIA
obviously the u.s. is losing here Israel
doesn't want to see him go the big
beneficiaries that I see are Turkey
which is in a type of rivalry for in
Neil Ottoman influence in the Arab world
with riot with Saudi Arabia it's kind of
the non Marcos monarchist political
Islamists Turkey the Muslim Brotherhood
against the Wahhabist absolutists and
also by being de facto allied with
Turkey now against Saudi Arabia Qatar
benefit so and I think you could say
that Russia and Iran are sitting in the
backward laughing
yeah we definitely agree with mark that
Turkey would be probably the biggest
winner so far and yeah they've been
stumbling around for the last couple of
years and making mistake after mistake
but in this instance I think they've
played the cards quite well and improved
relations with the United States in the
process one one could say the release of
that pastor yes indeed but I guess but
at the same time putting the United
States in a bit of a difficult position
of us they deliberately began leaking
this quite slowly and you know first
giving enough time for the southeastern
either giving enough time for the Saudis
to say that no no I actually left the
consulate and then leaving enough time
for Trump to say no no we definitely
believe the Saudis and then the next
information comes out where they
actually leaked the will say that they
have the audio tapes and now the Saudi
has to change the story
Trump has to tell again that or I
believe their news story as well so it's
pulling it's pulling everyone by their
noses with this narrative here demon you
know but this isn't over yet all right
because there are a lot of players I
mean it's also become a domestic issue
to some degree in the United States
where you have members of Congress that
just because they're opposed to Donald
Trump are going to be take a hard line
on Saudi Arabia here go ahead
well let's remind our viewers that
actually their coloration between the
United States and Saudi regime started a
lot earlier than Donald Trump came to
power
Obama pumped money and arms into Saudi
Arabia for years I mean it so it since
the the the second world war if you ask
me who is the winner our understanding
over over the Western system and of its
ability to avoid itself with flux and
murders our understanding is is the
winner
because actually I just love this
explanation that from both khashoggi
entered the consulate and he got into a
brawl into a condo against Philippine
guys
three of us bodyguards
during the Maidan during the Maidan
demonstrations which were in fact a coup
d'etat three American ambassadors wrote
a letter to the New York Times writing
keeping in mind that mr. Yanukovych used
transients no wonder that the
demonstrators got a little impatient
they forgot to add that this impatient
demonstrators killed 32 policemen right
and later on they called it a peaceful
transfer of power I think you have a
good point our understanding of how it
works I think that's a really good point
here mark but I think never before has
been there's so much spotlight on Saudi
Arabia they don't like it I've always
said in American media say very little
about Israel and never say anything
about Saudi Arabia now they're talking
about it a lot the other big loser out
of all of this is the Western mainstream
media hacks and the think tanks that are
funded by Saudi Arabia that dominate
Washington for years now for over eight
well over a year for starting in the
Obama and at the end of the Obama
administration and moving in today the
Western mainstream media has gushed
about the liberal reform or Mohammed bin
Salman I think Thomas Friedman literally
yes and now you know oh not one of them
can really admit that that that they
were wrong in their their servile you
know whitewashing of Mohammed bin Salman
in Saudi Arabia I mean we're talking
about a country that regularly they
behead people like every day they they
cut the heads off of women they claim
our witches and dissidents all over the
place they conduct assassinations of
dissidents all over the world and we're
suddenly gonna act shocked because they
chopped up the interesting thing for me
Glenn is it you know I on this program
we have talked about the nature of the
Saudi regime quite openly and regularly
particularly when we were discussing
Syria over the last year's
but it seems that only belatedly because
Saudi Arabia is in the spotlight the
people are beginning to talk a little
bit more about Yemen which we've
profiled very often here you know it
finally took this internal squabble I
think fighting amongst themselves and
then and we have will wait for the purge
okay and who's going to come out on top
but I want to keep with this I am an
issue I mean it is getting a little bit
more of a spotlight because you were
talking about air to ones mishaps over
the years in foreign policy
well the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
the same thing has been happening to him
I mean gross mishaps under his nominal
rule go ahead
well you could add the Yemen to the list
of possible winners there as well given
that there finally so I think this could
well depending on what happens at the
end of all of this we're in Saudi Arabia
it could reduce some pressure because
there's a lot of people moving now
against Saudi Arabia within the US and
we talked about that before that
rhetoric no well that depends with some
I think like mr. Graham I think it's I
mean I think I think he has to show Rand
Paul it was a big popcorn moment for me
to hear Lindsey Graham say that he wants
to sanction the hell out of Saudi Arabia
I was like wow neocon versus Wahhabi
I mean let me go this article by Thomas
Friedman about this this is political
pornography but go ahead Dima Thomas
Friedman was worn out by firing holes of
ideas reformist ideas coming from a
leader of an Arab state so he couldn't
stand it for more than 12 hours in a big
way with Prince Mohammed bin Salman he
he said let me let me just quote it
again you should be a fool to trust this
prince but you should be a fool not to
root for him okay he rooted for him
because as he wrote and
women would be driving yes women would
be driving and he would be killing and
this is exactly what Thomas Friedman was
rooting for in his article mb/s what is
his future he's wounded what's gonna
happen well I guess the best decision
for the Saudi family would be to get rid
of him and essentially making the fall
guy here because so far they try to get
rid of a couple of top officials and you
know it may brush the whole issue on the
drug so I don't think that's gonna
happen so at the end of the day it
depends how much yeah whether or not
they're able to or willing to push him
aside if the Graham thing I thought was
kind of interesting because the the the
American intelligence community had
other candidates yeah and I think
Lindsey you know I think Tucker Carlson
said the new and improved Lindsey Graham
needs to be that the Cavanaugh hearings
but now Lindsay's back with his neocon
ideas and I think there's it's not
because of the tragedy in something no
clumsy against their embarrassed by a
bite now their relationship with Saudi
Arabia and that's what's bothering them
more than the the death of a hisagi
I I think they would be happy to see
Mohammed bin Salman replaced with
Mohammed bin Nayef the former crown
prince who was the kind of the CIA's man
inside and openly said that he wanted
well I think that if Saudi King sticks
by his guns and refuses to remove his
son then they will quietly be people
that have papered it over
I don't expect us support in Yemen to
decrease I don't expect us or European
arms sales decrease I do expect the fury
from the Washington press course to
increase though because why they are so
outraged the way they weren't about
Yemen and they weren't important players
it's one of theirs he was one of theirs
and he he has you know paid the price
for being included in that circle
and that is the course of their fury we
had some 1112 journalists and media
workers killed in post might on put
Ukraine not a word said about them
because they weren't their journey ii
see no i don't expect any reaction any
substantial action against mohammed
salim because we have a president
mikhail saakashvili the former president
of georgia this week he was accused with
proof by the georgian prosecutor's
office of heaven masterminding the
killing of his political opponent body
patter cutters really back in 2008
before that strangely throbs running his
other main political opponent died
mishandling a iranian women me it's good
to be swept or short break we'll
continue our discussion on some real
news day welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered on peter
Lavelle to remind you were discussing
some real news
okay let me go back to Glenn here let's
finish up on this story with Saudi
Arabia go ahead no I just wanted to
point out that it's fun to mock Friedman
for is somewhat absurd article but this
is not something new though statement
King of understatement if you but if you
if you look at for example in New York
Times or other publications through the
decades since the 50s and 60s they've
been making apologies for not just
apologies for Saudi Arabia but they've
been also calling them reformers for for
what 70 years now is it yeah it's gone
up from well they're always equally
enthusiastic and it kind of goes back to
the idea that for United States Saudi
Arabia is a very important ally for many
reasons oil let's put that on top and
but also they're an embarrassment so you
need a little bit of propaganda to
bridge the difference between who they
are I mean it really begs the question
people have looked at a Thorat Aryan and
in totalitarian societies attempting to
reform them only undo undoes the entire
system itself here I mean the House of
Saud is it's it's it's based on mohab
ISM I don't see what enlightened
Wahhabism or something like I don't let
anything go didn't mean to say that
they're actually reforming I think it's
it's a politically expedient to portray
a church being in the process of
reforming the Saudi Council it is a good
example of reformed he made 30 seconds
we're gonna move on to another topic let
me remind our viewers that the American
press actually sided with Mohammed bin
Salman in March this year when Trump
started talking about coming out of
Syria
remember we're coming out of Syria very
soon very soon let other people take
care of it then the mainstream media
praised Mohammed bin Salman for urging
the United States to fulfill their duty
and stay in Syria so tell me who your
enemies and I'll tell you who you are
with the enemies like Mohammed bin
Salman may be but result that is a
partial asset is not such a bad man this
is something that the mainstream media
just doesn't mention who did bother
about that have to fight the
people who kill their citizens in the
consulate very very good point you I
want to move on here guys
Donald Trump has just recently announced
the United States
I guess unilaterally is going to be
leaving the intermediate range nuclear
forces treaty the what's known as the
INF fear for me that's a very sad and
depressing moment hearing that coming
from the president because we're running
the non-proliferation regime that has
been pushed for decades it's coming
rapidly to an end I mean with what I
find even more disappointing is that
there is not even the overture to sit
down and renegotiate it if both sides
have issues with it but no mark they're
just going to walk away from it I think
John Bolton's name fingerprints all over
this yeah I mean this is just the latest
in the unraveling of Cold War rules we
called it withdrawal syndrome yeah I
mean the u.s. pulled unilaterally and
ordered an anti-ballistic missile treaty
which has direct repercussions on
Russia's position on the INF treaty
today the conventional armed forces in
Europe treaty and the nato-russia
founding Act have been ignored by the
West as it moves forces closer to
Russia's borders we we see New START is
about to expire and and and now this
let's be frank it's likely that both
countries as they accuse each other are
in small violations of the immediate
range nuclear forces treaty neither the
US or Russia benefited from this treaty
in the modern strategic contents because
countries like China the UK France are
not excluded from having
intermediate-range nuclear weapons
during the Cold War this was a treaty
that protected Europe that kept the US
and Russian missiles pointed long-range
at each other rather than short-range it
would mean the devastation of Europe so
the one of the big losers out of this is
actually Europe I think it could
actually be to Russia's position if the
u.s. pulls out of this to renegotiate it
and to get China and the EU countries in
the UK included whether they are not in
a renegotiate
INF treaty that might even be able to
return to the issue of ballistic missile
defense that's not even on the table
that's an I I think that's that's that's
a a reasonable rational way to go but
it's not it is the INF treaty is since
the u.s. pulled out of the
anti-ballistic missile treaty this
treaties not so much in our interests
any but it's not in Europe's interest at
least at the moment no but that's
because they didn't have the same
restrictions so well we can interpret
this in different ways I think for Trump
it fits within a pattern of what he's
been doing lately in terms of ripping up
all these international agreements and
saying he will negotiate better ones
however but it's not all on Trump de
because this INF treaty has been this
bill fears that been unraveling for
quite a few years and it really dates
back to Bush when in 2001 he decided to
withdraw the United States from the name
of the ABM Treaty and this was this
disrupted a lot because for Russia they
really needed to develop new new weapons
as well because for the West's or for
NATO they keep saying that the ABM
Treaty now that that missile defense
shield their building is simply to you
know intercept this non-existent
missiles from Iran but it's as it's
become more more evident is targeting
Russia Russia needs to counter it
somehow but also this this and
intercepted missiles can be converted
into this intermediate range nuclear
missiles so they can actually be used to
target Russia so Russia already warned
as Mark pointed out already in 2007
Putin said that the INF treaty would
have to be reconsidered because they
can't live with it anymore cuz the
West's leaving these arms control
agreements Dima is that that does that
mean we're going to have a new arms race
I mean is that it makes inclusion here
means was preferable here I want to have
something worse by going to have chaos
because let me remind our viewers what
the INF treaty is it was signed in the
end of 1987 by Reagan and Gorbachev when
the warsaw treaty was still in existence
and no one could even dream
of Latvia Estonia 100 kilometers from
st. Petersburg being actually hostile to
Russia and having American troops of
their territory and British troops on
their territory no one could imagine
that Poland would be a hostile state you
know because basically let's call it
America they call Russia a hostile
nation okay let's face it you know look
at the rhetoric of the Polish leaders of
the Baltic leaders these are not simply
not friends these are basically enemy's
military enemies and they want to build
for EM Trump and and this and this was
signed in 1987 in under completely
different circumstances and now the
Americans have seen Russians are doing
something wrong they're researching and
developing well let's put that but
that's fair that fair game the treaty
allows according to INF treaty you can
research and develop you just can't
deploy and the second so there are
actually three arguments that Russia can
use to its advantage first it's a new
situation no one expected Baltic
countries and Poland and Romania be
enemies second what Glenn just said the
so-called anti-ballistic missiles can be
used as intermediate-range missiles
against Russia and third we basically
have the whole system of arms control
destroyed see if a treaty is no longer
valid not because of us but because CFE
treated was a gain signed when Warsaw
treaty was in existence so what we know
not even water it was not even mentioned
Poland and the Czech Republic and
Slovakia are mentioned in CFE treaty as
allies of the Soviet Union and which
means of Russia one sorry well once this
new start really expires is in 2021 I
think yeah then there's actually no more
control essentially you kind of just
develop as many nuclear weapons you want
because and this is the first time since
when you look at the tension between the
United States and Russia and the
tensions in Europe this is the the worst
possibly not
when you said arms race the previous
arms race was in the framework of an
arms control system that bad as it was
was created in the early 70s so it was
within a system now we have an arms race
with one side 13 times richer than the
other outside a system of arms control
this is much more dangerous ok I want to
I want to talk about them the molar
investigation seems to be wrapping up
here Marc Muller doesn't he we there's
no assurance that the his report will
even be made public he gives it to the
deputy a director at the FBI and the DOJ
rod Rosenstein rumor is there's nothing
there and that's what we've been saying
for 17 months it's the Miller
investigation still going on I you know
of course it won't be released you know
the the results or interim results I
because I don't expect it to be closed
down and won't be released till after
the midterms when the Democrats are
expected to take back control of the
house and I think everything will just
be rejuvenated on their side then they
will relaunch new investigation but in a
different direction well yeah I mean you
know the Mueller investigation went
nowhere they will try to to find new
holes to creep into a against Trump
which is really what Mueller did anyway
going after manna Ford's back taxes and
so my theory Glen is this is that this
whole thing was a sherrod from the
beginning it is to keep the focus away
from malfeasance in the FBI and in the
Department of Justice they peddled a
very different narrative here if that
Democrats come back and take over the
house all of the gops investigations
they'll be squashed shut down they'll
disappear and as Mark said they'll find
new rabbit holes to down to dig into and
so all of what we've seen for 17 months
we'll just as if it didn't happen go
ahead yeah well I think that's in the
main purpose again it doesn't really
matter if they find anything at the end
of the day which apparently they don't
at the end of the day simply having the
allegations they're having the
investigation this as you
this has been obstructing Trump's
foreign policy and if you remember back
from his campaign he essentially was
lashing out at everyone with from his
own party at opposition foreign leaders
everyone was a target except Russia
because he seemed to very much like
Steve Bannon recognized that maybe they
shouldn't have spoiled the opportunity
to actually reach our own civilization
syndicate that was one is his big bushy
recognized that the Cold War is over
it's the main challenges are coming from
Asia China and this in America's
interest to make peace with Russia and
but because it was so close he was
pushing so hard this pro-russian line
which is essentially it goes against
both the Democrats and the Republicans I
think that this was going to be their
main target so essentially he's a he's a
stooge of the Kremlin and what he's been
he's surrounded and probably become a
neocon in Outlook and his campaign
promises are in tatters right now the
deep state has won that's all the time
we have gentlemen here many thanks my
guest here in Moscow and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here talk to you
see you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
