the right-wing Sweden Democrats parties
won its largest ever share of the vote
in a general election dominated by
concerns over immigration
so with nearly all the ballots counted
the Sweden Democrats took over 17
percent of the vote which they see as a
major breakthrough but it was a
disappointing night for the ruling
Social Democrats with just 28 percent
it's their lowest result in a century
the Swedish moderates are in second
place with nearly twenty percent now
that with no clear leader the result
papers away for lengthy negotiations
over the coming weeks on forming a
governing coalition the Prime Minister
though is calling for cross party
cooperation to keep the Sweden Democrats
out of power accusing them of trying to
increase division and hate now artists
Murray finocchiona was reporting from
Sweden forests throughout the run-up to
that general election she's here now hi
there what was the mood like in the
run-up to that poll on Sunday hi Carly
after travelling across Sweden for
almost two weeks I had a feeling to be
honest that the mood ahead of the
national vote in the country was quite
depressive people were telling me that
it's not like it used to be in many
different ways health care justice
system even transportation I remember we
had a rendezvous with one politician in
Malmo in this southern south of the
country and he was 40 minutes late
because his train was delayed and when
he finally arrived he told us Oh even
trays do not run on time anymore in this
country so I felt this I mean general
dissatisfaction frustration but security
was the biggest concern of course it has
been turbulent year for Sweden with cars
burned throughout the country with gang
shootings happening so often and you can
imagine how if we are shocked to see
such dramatic pictures coming from
Sweden you can imagine what kind of
feeling
locals have about that so it's not usual
for for Sweden so most of these things
actually happened in particular areas
particularly BER hoods but this feeling
of insecurity spread far beyond those
neighbourhoods we went to some of those
neighbourhoods let's take a look
now we're driving into the southern part
of Stockholm the Swedish capital to one
of the area's called by police as
vulnerable area or especially vulnerable
area or risk area how they refer to it
Arni violent what's the dish ganya me
know
so people were particularly concerned
about security situation in the country
they started being worried about how
safe Sweden has become it was not all
and always about statistics and real
facts but the feeling was like this that
it's not safe anymore and some
politicians started not only Sweden
Democrats but other parties as well so
it's saying that immigrants are to blame
this is the those who are responsible
and that was another thing that I felt
throughout the country there is
anti-immigrant sense of particularly
anti non-european immigrants mood let's
take a look at this piece from healthy
Berg Sweden is not Swedish anymore I
mean this is totally changed here used
to be a small little you know a shop
where you could buy hot dogs now it's
sort of a kebab shop you never find any
Swedish hotdogs anymore hey nice guy
no this beginningless it's just Arab
here all the signs are in Arabic
yeah it's all Arabic no no no nothing
wrong well Swedish believe in Sweden
exactly like Swedish don't don't
Robby I'm very sad that Sweden is not a
Swedish country anymore it makes me want
to cry
yeah I don't really nice my if you like
crying crying just elimination vote
Street we don't talk up on so you can
see it's a kind of discontent from both
sides with locals saying there are too
many immigrants and immigrants are
hostile and Sweden is not Swedish
anymore and immigrants or people with
foreign backgrounds because there are
many people second and third generation
of immigrants saying that Sweden is not
welcoming is not friendly anymore and
we've seen the rise of some really
extreme groups in Sweden as well like
for this year's election there was
Nordic resistance movement running for
this election so they were hoping to get
some votes as well although they're not
many but still it was very unusual to
see these people marching on the streets
of Sweden not only for me but for locals
as well and they actually presented
themselves as Hitler soldiers let's take
a look is your opinion
what they were great was definitely a
very very good person for the German
people definitely he he freed Germany
we're against this we're against the
Nazis men racism and so they about in
closed society but they take their
chance in an open society it's quite
incredible it's disgusting and he I
would say that I am almost lacking words
cannot be legal to say that that it
loves a good guy I mean that must be
cause for the police to intervene so you
can see that was the the general
situation which as Sweden people had to
go to polling stations and vote like
cars burned
I don't know shootings and the Nazis
marching on the streets like a little
bit chaotic and very unusual for Sweden
so what I heard is that it's not easy to
vote in this situation because it's
really hard to understand who can fix
all this and indeed even though you'll
end up with possibly the same heritage
parties forming a coalition after the
weeks of deadlock that are ahead
certainly a wake up call no matter which
light is hitting on isn't it okay for
now Maria finish no thanks for that
you
