voting underway in Sweden's general
election I'll advise on it - it could
rock the political landscape in
Stockholm polls there predict a deadlock
between the Social Democrats and an
alliance of center-right parties and one
party could indeed play the role of
kingmaker after pushing anti-migrant
policies they're called the Sweden
Democrats and they've seen a real surge
in popularity leading up to this vote on
Saturday election rivals had the final
chance to sway voters Sweden needs
breathing space we need tight
responsible immigration policies and do
you know something there is only one
guarantor in Swedish politics for
responsible and tight immigration in
Sweden that guarantor is the Sweden
Democrats again and again and again they
showed their Nats and racist roots and
they're trying to destroy the U at a
time when we need that cooperation the
most today it is not working class
children who are not allowed to go to
school now it is a lot of children of
immigrants now we can choose if they
will be given the same chance as other
children - or should I travel to the
southern city of Helsingborg to gauge
opinion on the most divisive issue in
the election migration policy Swedes
will be a minority in our own country
within two or three decades even if you
stop all immigration now we will become
a minority
that's the demography journalist Ingrid
Karl Crist has been branded racist by
many she's calling for the borders to be
closed and all immigrants to be sent
away nowadays when people call me a
racist I say okay fine let's let's say
that I'm a racist can we now go on to
discuss the facts the fact is once one
of the most homogenous populations in
Europe almost a quarter of all Swedish
people today have a foreign background
and some parts of society really aren't
happy with that reality Sweden is not
Swedish anymore I mean this is totally
changed here used to be
a small little you know a shop where you
could buy air hot dogs now it's sort of
a kebab shop you never find any Swedish
hot dogs anymore hey ya know dis
beginningless it's just Arab here all
the signs are in Arabic yeah it's all
Arabic no no no no no wrong we are
Swedish what were you in Sweden exactly
like Swedish no don't don't
Robby I'm very sad that Sweden is not a
Swedish country anymore it makes me want
to cry you know Mac I don't really nice
my you feel like crying crying just
elimination don't treat we don't talk
about they become so used to that all
Swedes say oh we love immigration we
love all you are not even come here and
so they get really you know they are not
used to a sweep saying what I say yeah
that's why they get Oh what while we
continue to walk with a camera more and
more people come up to us most of them
to argue but some to complain nice
so you see even immigrants think that we
are a meek country that we don't have a
good laws Abu Adam tells us he's been an
asylum seeker in Sweden for almost 15
years
with no work permit and no ID so how do
you get your money when you get letters
and your money well who pays that money
migration yeah but who pays migration
Swedish taxpayers do you know how much
money how much we worth I know how much
taxes we pay I don't understand how
these have been going on for 15 years we
did ask Swedish Migration Agency and
Immigration Minister and ministry of
justice and Social Democrats party
without getting any clear answer yet we
look up Abu Adam on the agency's website
twice he was denied Asylum in 2004 and
2011 his third application is currently
pending according to Swedish law an
asylum seeker can appeal against the
decision if their application is refused
today 50,000 immigrants remain in Sweden
illegally have two failed asylum cases
another 75,000 are still waiting on the
migration Board's decision including Abu
Adam for the third time in 14 years
today I have this ID I'm like dog no
more I have Swedish ID I'm man until
tomorrow comes
Abu Adam holds a so-called LMA card very
fine him as an asylum seeker he can
legally stay in the country and receives
the equivalent of around 7 euros in
Swedish crowns every day and other
social benefits but he's banned from
studying or working here magnificent
give me a paper I don't need to take his
money it's 2200 is not money he's right
but give me a paper I drop and I bet
taxed like her I help any man any
familiar it's not just refugees here
question the system's efficiency but the
locals and both sides of the political
spectrum people have a sensation of that
the societies
slowly deteriorating everything is going
the wrong way
you cannot ignore also the fact that we
have since 1980s
given approval for two 3.3 million
people from other countries to live here
and 7% of them have been refugees
according to the United Nations and the
rest have come here for for many other
reasons and this discontent breeds fear
and anger wake up team ignition and
magnessen don't give him paper he need
to do that is example like hello wake up
is it me I'm not personal as is it me
boys I do what I can do to make like
promise for you because you not give me
paper my finish no naughty from Sweden
so back to the vote today those post
still open for about four and
three-quarter hours yet let's go and
talk to Anders hellstr√∂m lecture at
political science at Malmo University
hey there thanks to taking the time to
be with us today where is this gonna go
it's gonna be messy it's gonna be a
messy outcome isn't it the polls just a
political deadlock maybe between
left-leaning parties and the
center-right and they're saying that
they can't work any way with the Sweden
Democrats what do you think is the most
likely scenario here the thing is I
think you're right there it will be
quite bewildered so nobody actually
knows exactly how the new government is
going to be formed because traditionally
historically it has been a left-right
cleavage between the mainstream left and
the mainstream right so all of the
sudden we are mad many more positions
what's appealed to people in Sweden
regarding the Sweden Democrats it's
thought they could have about 20% report
maybe more support maybe a bit more
maybe bit less what's appealing to the
voting population in Sweden about these
people the thing is and they what they
do in these elections they put forward
and this
very nostalgic visions so even if they
actually the economy is boosting us with
them and then employment rates are going
down and the criminality is actually
good also going down it still feel that
many people do not feel that in their
personal lives so therefore they are
concerned and worried about what will
happen are you saying this means
economy's booming many voters are
concerned nonetheless though that their
health care is going to be affected
their housing the future why this
concern what will smoke stoking it the
thing is I think that I think for the
most voters so to speak if they have
already decided it doesn't matter if the
UHC like official statistics if you you
are faced with new group empirical facts
you can still be very backward but I
don't think that the health care will
deter eight in there in the near future
it's no real danger but for a lot of
people a lot of people in Sweden think
that they are afraid of maybe they're
great welfare is going to go down but
that's the fact is it's a economy it's
actually going up let's talk about the
Sweden Democrats they've been described
as neo-nazis and racists I mean
officially Jimmy Atkins said he's been
their leader what since 2005 he said the
zero tolerance towards that kind of
thing racism in the party while they're
getting this reputation the thing is if
you yes go down a little bit when it was
founded it was founded in the mixture
between it was involved in their in
their white power and the wipeout music
industry Neil assessment and it was a
mixture between that and also local
disappointed over NP
and all increase the immigration so that
was its background so if you compare for
instance we don't you let's say Norway
and Emma
it has a reputation and neo-nazi pass it
does a very ugly past but it has all
that God has this party changed is it
just cosmetic or is there a root and
branch change there that they're not
that anymore the thing is I think the
roots are not that far back in the
history but we're talking about the 90s
yeah it was a while ago but still so I
think that there actually we can talk
about the normalization of extra
measurement say even if yes they have
changed their rhetoric but they still
haven't changed its original policies
that much but they operate in a firm or
environment which is way more
permissible
you
