the North Korean leader Kim jong-un is
set to follow up on his talks with
Donald Trump with another top-level
meeting because after announcing he's
ready to visit Russia as soon as
possible let's get the details now with
Dan Hawkins he joins us in the studio
dammit what more do we know them about
this meeting well the invitation for Kim
jong-un to visit Moscow came during the
visit of a Russian delegation to
Pyongyang the Russian Federation Council
Speaker Valentina matviyenko passed on a
message from Vladimir Putin their letter
inviting him to the Russian capital for
talks we understand at least from the
Russian side that Kim Jung is keen to
accept the date itself will be discussed
through diplomatic channels obviously
but we understand that he doesn't want
to delay this it's not the first time
they've exchanged correspondence but
obviously it will be the first time at
least in recent history that North
Korean leader North Korean president
will travel to Moscow have confirmed for
direct talks and what's the latest state
of play then between North Korea and
also the u.s. and South Korea I mean I
think changeable is the best way to
describe it really from the brink of
conflicts on the Korean Peninsula to
that summit in Singapore which mr. Trump
was very keen to promote as something
highly successful all the way back now
to more rhetoric more hostility between
the two this has been some of the latest
exchanges quite heated between the North
Koreans and the United States the North
Korean backed conspiracy attempted to
crush freedom of speech in the US and
the UK it robbed banks around the world
as you know we took the step to suspend
several of the largest exercises as a
good-faith measure coming out of the
Singapore summit we have no plans at
this time to suspend any more exercises
accusations and counter-accusations
between the two there the Americans
accusing the North Koreans as we heard
earlier of hacking of trying to suppress
freedom of speech
Pyongyang accusing the Americans of
hatching a criminal plot after Mike
Pompeo canceled his visit to Pyongyang
as well nevertheless there is some
positivity Kim ji-woon is committed to
denuclearization he's even set a term
the first time that's happened for that
to happen with
for the end of mr. Trump's first in
office and he's also committed according
to matvienko to the reuniting of the two
Koreas the Russian delegation said
draconian sanctions were not the way
forward to resolve this conflict that
was necessary through channels of
diplomacy and negotiations so we'll
obviously get an update when if and when
that visit is confirmed sure okay thanks
Dan that was our our T's Dan Hawkins
there with the latest
you
