a UK schoolteacher who compared Jews to
dogs has been found not guilty of
anti-semitism however a government
ethics review panel behind a sari banned
him from teaching until 2021 saying his
remarks were racist
Harpreet Singh was suspended from
teaching in 2017 after concerns were
raised by his colleagues over social
media comments in which he said quote
every sane human is anti-semitic
however the panel concluded that Singh
was responding to the mistreatment of
Palestinians in a racist way we asked
people in London whether they thought
the decision was correct yes is racist
but no he's not anti-semitic that's
along the same thing of everyone ease
the other like he can't be it's one big
contradiction isn't it really
I think it's shameful and I don't agree
that it's not aunty you know it's just
they should be ashamed of themselves
that's all I can say
there aren't message
so-called and intolerance and hatred the
grand race religion he was only given
the opinion of the whole of the Arab
world anti-semitism has tinges of racism
in it like it doesn't have to be one or
the other
well the issue of anti-semitism is the
subject of heated debate in the UK at
the moment having created a crisis - in
the country's opposition Labour Party
after a heated debate there it's now
officially adopted a definition from the
international Holocaust Remembrance
Alliance although the leader Jeremy
Corbyn and his party are still under
fire and that's because they did add an
extra clause to that saying that the
adoption of this definition should not
undermine freedom of speech on Israel
and this has outraged many Jews with the
Jewish leadership council saying Labor's
caveat there does driver coaching horses
through the original definition Corbin
himself is on record as saying it's not
anti-semitic to brand some of Israel's
policies racist
we spoke to Amir Orrin a political
commentator and he thinks that confusion
between anti-israel and anti-semitism
enables victimhood people are innocently
confused between the terms anti-semitic
and anti-israel but then again there are
people who are not so innocent who are
trying to speak for certain policies of
the current Israeli government and hide
under the guise of being criticized by
anti-semitic critics of Israel and this
confusion should not take place if the
spokespersons for the government of
Israel believe that their policy is
right they should cope with criticism
and find rational responses rather than
hide under the guise of anti-semitism
which is very convenient but inaccurate
you
