this genocide that's going on throughout
the world and in our name you know and I
do not consent I do not consent to my
country that I I'm proud to be an
American but this is disgraceful that we
are going and murdering or being
complicit in the murder the world by
partisan issue both the Democrats and
the Republicans get money from the
weapons manufacturers for the lobbyists
from those who profit from war and the
weapons manufacturers make pieces of
their weaponry in every congressional
district so that people then say we need
to keep making these weapons because
their jobs just like Donald Trump now
says we need to keep selling weapons to
the Saudis because it's money its income
and it's jobs and we'd say that's
ridiculous we don't want an economy
that's based on killing people
you
you
