recently with the support of Russian
airspace forces we've been able to
liberate the southwestern part of the
country at this stage our main goal is
to eliminate is to drive our terrorists
from Italy because they are directly
putting in danger these the civilians in
Syria we have discussed the stages to
achieve the escalation in Idlib in Syria
we have discussed opportunities to
achieve cease fires and achieve dialogue
we have called on all the parties
involved to cease fire we believe it is
unacceptable that under the guise of
protecting the civilians some parties
want to somehow protect the terrorists
and we believe that the attempt to stage
chemical attacks are aimed exactly at
that we have evidence strong evidence
that militants are being prepared to
hold provocations like that I have
informed my colleagues on the work
within the UN Security Council and the
OPCW I would like to also add that
groups of Syrian armed opposition are
also joining the fight against
terrorists and I'm sure this will help
improve trust between the parties so we
have also discussed the implementation
of the Syrian National Dialogue Congress
results we have emphasized the
importance of launching the Syrian
constitutional committee we have agreed
on cooperating with the UN with regard
to forming the Syrian constitutional
committee which will be formed from the
representatives of the Syrian government
the opposition and the civil society we
need to create a Syria which
would provide which would secure a safe
life and security to all Syrians as part
of an indivisible State Russia Iran and
Turkey believe it is very important to
improve the humanitarian situation in
Syria restore its economy into
infrastructure resolve urgent social
problems we believe that in the near
future we were able to help refugees and
displaced populations to return to their
homes work is already being done to
achieve that we have conditions to to
provide shelter for a million refugees
as of now and there will be a
non-discriminatory approach to all
people returning to their homes we have
agreed together with Iranian Turkish
counterparts to to boost cooperation the
humanitarian aspect of our cooperation I
would like to emphasize that overall
Russia has sent over 3,000 tons of
humanitarian aid to the area to help the
civilians we have diamond about 6,000
hectares of territory and one and a half
thousand kilometres of roads taking into
account the scale of the destruction we
believe it is important for a complex
international program for the
restoration of Syria to be implemented
in conclusion I'd like to say that I'm
grateful to my Iranian and Turkish
counterpart for this productive and
useful talks I'd like to thank mr.
rouhani for organizing the talk I am
sure that the results of this summit
will allow us to move forward and
achieve longstanding peace and stability
thank you please mr. Erdogan you have
the floor
my dear brother the President of the
Republic of Iran president rouhani and
my dear friend mr. Putin President of
the Russian Federation dear members of
the press ladies and gentlemen a warm
greeting to you all first of all I would
like to express my gratitude to
president rouhani personally and from my
entire delegation for the hospitality
extended to us any Iranian poet Saadi
Shirazi wrote if you are not saddened by
the sufferings of others you cannot be
called human and we are here today
because we want to find a solution to
the human tragedy suffered by our Syrian
brothers today is the third meeting of
our trilateral summit established in the
Sochi format and I must say that through
these summits we've managed to make some
progress we've managed to to coordinate
our attitudes and define areas for
future activities in this regard the
Syrian contact has been raging for eight
years by now and it it would not be
possible to extinguish in extinguish it
at once but unlike others were not just
merely watching it rage we are making
attempts to put out the fire to put an
end to this conflict despite our
differences we still have common grounds
in our attitudes and thanks to that our
meetings in Sochi and in
stana have provided a framework for us
to look for solutions and I believe that
we should preserve this progress we've
already made through those meetings them
and that's why today we have reiterated
our commitment to continue our
cooperation in this format as you know
last April we've had a second summit in
Ankara and now several months later we
are all witness to what's happened in
the meantime we've discussed all those
events and developments during our
meeting and Turkey has expressed its
opinion that unless we contain the
Syrian regime this can lead to more
tragedies especially this concerns the
possible offensive in Italy which can
lead to mass destruction and also
disrupt a possibility for a political
settlement in Syria we have established
12 observation missions in Syria and we
bear a great responsibility to four keep
four up keeping peace and stability in
the region and therefore it is
instrumental that we try to preserve
peace in Italy and avoid military action
there because we believe it Lib is
essentially Syria in an in a nutshell
and any negative developments in that
area
will negatively affect all the
stakeholders and any action harming
civilians and init lib will only be to
the benefit of terrorists since the
beginning of the consequence in Syria
Turkey has done everything in his power
to stop the bloodshed in Syria we've
been supporting our Syrian brothers and
today same as yesterday we don't want a
single Syrian to suffer and or to be
hurt this specifically concerns the
civilians of Italy we don't want them to
experience any more suffering and that's
why we we attribute such great
importance to these summits the
situation in Italy must not lead to more
suffering and to more conflict we must
be committed to the Astana spirit and in
line with the principles adopted during
the Astana process we believe is
important
President Putin president rouhani and
myself we've had a number of meetings
where we share their opinions and I
would like to specially emphasize that
we must not go against facts that are
all the objective facts we must not be
opposed to the fight against terrorism
we must jointly resist measures that
might disrupt the security of
neighboring countries in the national
security of Syria itself soon this take
the representatives of the stakeholder
States that will have a meeting in
Geneva co-chaired under the auspices of
the UN Secretary General's discussing
the situation in Syria and I can tell
you that we've already made a lot of
progress in this area in this process
the Astana process its functionality
definitely will give an impetus to
finding a solution we've also discussed
as the issue for bringing back Syrian
refugees to their homes
we are turkey as a country that has
given shelter to more than 3.5 million
Syrian refugees and we
we look favorably at an opportunity for
those people to be able to go back
peacefully to their homes
definitely this should be coordinated
with the United Nations and there must
be an enabling environment provided for
those people to go home what's important
is for the Syrian conflicts to be
resolved within the framework in
accordance with the UN Security Council
resolution 2254 definitely this is not a
responsibility solely for the war
Interstates of the three ensure
insurance we warned two states on Syria
but it's a responsibility for the entire
international community they all must
make efforts to help resolve the
situation and Turkey will definitely do
so I wish for our meeting to be fruitful
and efficient thanks to you all thank
you very much mr. Johan if there are any
questions from the press we are ready to
take them thank you so much
based on the agreements reached
I welcome all of the honorable guests
and my colleagues taking into account
the strong will of all the three states
after the Italy after liberated from
terrorists would it be this will be the
end of terrorists in Syria after this
Syria will enter a new era will it lead
to a restoration of a normal political
situation and what will come after that
I can tell you that everything that's
going on in Syria today all the steps we
are taking in Syria are aimed at
fighting terrorists and restoring peace
and stability to Syria and reinstating
control of the Syrian government over
the entire territory of that country the
most important objective right now is
cleansing Italy entirely from all
terrorists the entire territory of Syria
must be must be ridden of Amoz must be
cleansed of a terrorist and the entire
international community agrees that it
is necessary to liberate all the
territory and all those cities from
terrorists but there are issues it Lib
is a complicated region and it's a
delicate situation
because the terrorists are using local
the local population as a human shield
they are hiding among civilians mixing
up with civilians in order to stay alive
and continue their nefarious activities
so first we must distinguish between
terrorists and civilians and ensure the
safety the security of civilians after
it lived the next important issue is
liberating Eastern afraid us mainly it
has American military presence there and
their illegal activities unfortunately
have enabled that large forces of
militants to accumulate there we must
ensure that all foreign troops leave
this region and next step would be
establishing a constitutional committee
in Syria journalists from Russian
Russian my question is to all of the
leaders the question is about aid Lib
could you tell us what you were able to
agree on whether God to heed live what's
the future of Idlib and you've already
spoke about some measures about the
local ceasefires you've spoken about do
you believe that the situation is in lip
is putting in danger the situation in
the entirety of Syria it has been said
today and you all know that there are a
lot of civilians living in a Lib and we
definitely should take that into account
that's number one and and that's the
most important aspect but at the same
time we are seeing what's going on in
aid Lib
we facilitated the process for various
militants including members of terrorist
organizations and terrorist groups
blacklisted by the UN Security Council
to leave their former strongholds in
other regions of Syria and move over to
it Lib even preserving their their arms
their weapons that those were the
conditions for lifting sieges and and in
those other areas so now they're all in
it Lib and they have plenty of weapons
in it Lib as such and they even have
their capabilities there for creating
unmanned aircraft drones of their own
they get the necessary tools and
materials from somewhere so the most
difficult task will be to neutralize all
those terrorists and as they always do
terrorists are using civilians as a
human shield I would like to emphasize
that they always do that and they've
been doing that in Syria for a long time
you can point to Raqqa as one example
Raqqa was retaken by Syrian troops loyal
to the United States with support from
US air forces and we we also heard about
civilians suffering from air strikes and
from from the military operation because
terrorists were using them as a human
shield for our part Russian military and
the Syrian army the Syrian Arab army
have always tried and have always done
their best to provide an opportunity for
civilians to leave the war zone and
forth for the better part we've managed
to do it actually and I would like to
thank the presidents of Iran and Turkey
for assisting us in those endeavors
because we wouldn't have been able to
achieve success in this regard unless
our intelligence the intelligence of our
three countries and our militaries
hadn't worked hand-in-hand on many
issues but of course we were hoping that
we will be able to work out some kind of
a compromise some kind of a negotiated
solution we hope that the Western
coalition will also heed to our appeals
but we are based on the fact that in all
our actions we seek reconciliation of
all the warring parties in Syria but
that excludes terrorist groups they are
not part of the bargain and we hope that
even the representatives of the
terrorist groups will have enough sense
in them to lay down their arms and stop
resistance
many more after the operation in Italy
some say that a new wave of migration
will start have you spoken about that
have you discussed refugees what's your
position as guarantor states if this
happens the question is to all leaders
of States well above all I'd like to say
that as three guarantor States we work
as part of the astronaut process and
we'll make effort to achieve our goals
the process started in Sochi continued
in Ankara and now it continues here in
Tehran as regards Headley we have a
shared border of 115 kilometers
migrant wave you spoke about could move
towards this border this longest border
with Turkey so where are the population
going to migrate they're going to move
to Turkey we have already sheltered 3.5
million refugees our steps and we are
taking steps to prevent this new wave of
refugees this is why we need to be
successful in our fight against
terrorists this is why
part of the summit we erased the issue
of ceasefire and giving up farms by
militants we sent this message to the
terrorist groups showing our resolve our
resolve to achieve a successful
resolution of the issue so that there is
no new wave of refugees this is very
important to us just moments ago mr.
Putin spoke about Rucker and about Daraa
over there thousands of people died and
even after that we accepted we sheltered
hundreds thousands of people in our
country in Turkey we provided
humanitarian and medical aid to them but
the same could easily happen in Italy
this would also cause problems but we
have discussed this during our bilateral
meetings during the summits as well
another thing I want to say is there are
going to be 12 articles in our Teheran
declaration and this issue is reflected
in the declaration as well so I hope
that we find ways to resolve the problem
because the people of Syria wishes to
have fair elections that wishes to see a
new constitution thank you thank you for
your attention
tabula diverting Johnny Peru whose radar
Tehran Sahara new hey Bashar movies Baba
Jani Muhammad Iran so they're shot vast
Amir Suvarna Veronica Paz Honduras on e
calendar had much including Omid hwarim
I&C Surya I am the sole support
stability in Syria restoring stability
and enabling refugees to go back to
their homes and finally restoring
security for the entire region of the
Middle East
thank you very much
