president and thank you for scheduling
this meeting today at short notice
following the announcements in the
United Kingdom yesterday and in
yesterday in April I undertook to update
the council in the light of significant
developments my Prime Minister's full
statements Parliament has been
circulated to the Security Council as
document SC to slash 2018 slash eight
one four as the British Prime Minister
announced yesterday in Parliament the
United Kingdom has reached a significant
conclusion in the Salisbury CW
investigation I'll come to that later if
I may but first a brief summary of what
happened in Salisbury earlier this year
on Sunday 4th of March
Sergey screech-owl and his daughter
Yulia were found unconscious on the
bench in the city centre after being
poisoned by a Novikov agent Detective
Sergeant Nick Bailey a Wiltshire police
officer was also seriously ill after
having been exposed to a nerve agent
following this attack the United Kingdom
notified the OPCW invited them to
confirm the identity of the substance
involved and we briefed members of the
Security Council the opcw's Independent
Expert laboratories confirmed the UK's
identification of the nabhi chakra Nev
agent Madam President the Spree pals are
thankfully recovering but on 30 June
this year 44 year-old mother of three
dawn Sturgis fell ill in the nearby town
of Eames B after being exposed to Navi
chalk
she sadly died on the 8th of July her
partner Charlie Rowley was also exposed
to the nerve agent and he became
seriously ill police have identified
that Sturgis and Rowley came into
contact with a counterfeit perfume
bottle which had been discarded in
Salisbury tests of this bottle following
its recovery by police confirmed it
contained a significant amount of highly
lethal nabhi chakra agent on 4th of
September
the opcw's independent expert
laboratories have again confirmed the
UK's identification of the nabhi chakra
of agent with a very high level of
purity and to remind council members a
very high level of purity means that it
will have been made by a state the
inquiry into the Amesbury incident has
now been formally linked by the police
with the attempted murder of the
scruples the OPCW independent experts
have confirmed the identifications of
Nabi truck Nerja nerve agent and it is
the exact same chemical was used in both
attacks Madam President it stretches
include you that it stretches credulity
to their identification of such a nerve
agent twice in close proximity to be a
coincidence we have previously shared
with the council the information about
the Russian folium program from the
2000s but to recap briefly there was a
development of navi trucks outside the
Chemical Weapons Convention and Russian
agents were trained in assassination
techniques including the use of such
agents on door handles Madam President
in the UK the police are independent of
government and they have been conducting
a painstaking and forensic investigation
this investigation has involved around
250 detectives who have trolled through
more than 11,000 hours of CCTV footage
and have taken more than 1,400
statements working around the clock they
have carried out painstaking and
methodical work to ascertain exactly
which individuals were responsible and
the methods they use to carry out this
attack this evidence has been
independently reviewed by the Crown
Prosecution Service and they have
concluded there is a sufficient basis to
bring charges we have thus independently
concluded that there is enough evidence
to bring charges against two Russian
nationals for the following crimes the
conspiracy to murder
Sergey sweeper the attempted murder of
Sergey and Yulia screep al and Detective
Sergeant Nick Bailey the use of
of Nava chock and causing grievous
bodily harm with intent to Ullaeus
Creepo and Nick Bailey the investigation
into the murder of Don Sturgis remains
ongoing Madam President the evidence
reveals the following it shows the
arrival of two individuals traveling
under the names of Alexander Petrov and
Rosalyn basarov to the UK from Russia
CCTV and other evidence records their
travel to and from Salisbury and
crucially there are images which clearly
placed them in the vicinity of the
scribbles house at 11:58 a.m. on Sunday
the 4th of March this was moments before
the attack took place which involved
placing the substance on the scree pals
front door handle Madam President should
any council member wish we can share
copies of those images further testing
of the hotel the pair stayed in in
London revealed the presence of traces
of the Navi chalk substance in their
hotel room based on a thorough analysis
of our intelligence the UK government
has concluded that the two individuals
named by the police investigation are in
fact officers from the Russian military
intelligence service also known as the G
are you this is a body of the Russian
state Madam President
we previously when we briefed the
council before attributed responsibility
to Russia on the basis of technical
means operational experience and I
recall the case of Litvinenko here and
motive Russian statements have said that
former Russian agents are if you like
fair game for assassination these
arguments have now been firmly
reinforced by the clear evidence of the
involvement of identified Russian
nationals traveling to the UK from
Moscow and returning there on Russian
passports this evidence has been
sufficient for our independent
prosecuting authorities to bring
criminal charges in relation to the
we attack and to issue European arrest
warrants Madam President these two
individuals are no longer in the United
Kingdom were they Withers these two
suspects within UK jurisdiction would be
liable to arrest in a clear basis in law
for their attempted murder crimes it is
clear Madam President that the Russian
state does not permit the extradition of
Russian nationals and I understand that
this is a prohibition in the Russian
Constitution so therefore with respect
to these two individuals we have
obtained a European arrest warrant and
we will sort the issue and Interpol red
notice should either of these
individuals ever gain travel outside
Russia we will take every step open to
us to detain them to extradite them and
to bring them to face justice in the
United Kingdom and we responded at the
time to Russian behavior robustly the
council will recall that we were joined
by 28 partners and NATO in expelling
more than 150 Russian intelligence
officers this was a proportionate and
direct response to deter and degrade
Russia's ability to conduct further
operations in the future and to reduce
her ability to use the GRU Network to
cause our citizens harm Madam President
we have clear evidence of Russian state
involvement in what happened in
Salisbury and the use of CW this is
reckless involvement and dangering the
lives of many citizens and reckless
involvement endangering the universal
prohibition on the use of CW
Madam President as the council has
discussed before there is an established
pattern of malign Russian behavior
perpetrated by military and intelligence
agencies overseas this show was shown in
the 2 October 2016
coup attempt in Montenegro shown in the
June 2017 not pecch√¨ a cyber attack
which called an estimated 1.2 billion
dollars of damage worldwide and it has
been shown in other cyber attacks the
GRU has time and again been responsible
for Russian interference in other
countries affairs and most recently we
saw us indictment of giu individuals in
relation to the 2016 Democratic National
Committee hack now in the light of the
evidence from Salisbury we see that GRU
at activity also encompasses the use of
illegal military-grade nerve agent on
European soil
Madam President p5 members by a
particular responsibility to uphold
global norms and international law all
the more so where weapons of mass
destruction is concerned one p5 member
has not upheld these important norms one
p5 member has been undertaken a pattern
of behavior which showed that they tried
to murder the screep house
they played dice with the lives of the
people of Salisbury they work in a
parallel universe where the normal rules
of international affairs are inverted
this is a direct challenge Madam
President to the rules-based
international system which has kept all
of us safe including Russia since 1945
in the face of such behavior the
international community needs to
continue to defend the laws norms and
institutions that safeguard our citizens
against chemical weapons and safeguard
them against the threat of hostile
foreign interference this is why the
British prime minister yesterday set out
the importance of using transpire
multilateral mechanisms to identify and
hold malign actors to account allow me
to summarize these steps that we believe
should now be taken by the international
community we need to work together to
strengthen the Chemical Weapons
Convention against the use of CW around
the world and which we saw most recently
violated on the streets of the United
Kingdom we need to build further the
opcw's capability to attribute the use
of chemical weapons there can be no
place for such incidents of Salsbury
again we need to shine a light on the
use of state agencies to undermine the
rule of law and interfere in the
domestic lives of other countries
citizens and we need to make best use of
our established methods including
sanctions in curbing threats to our
societies and our ways of life as Teresa
may emphasized yesterday the United
Kingdom has no quarrel with the Russian
people we continue to hold out hope that
we will once again enjoy a strong
partnership with the government of this
great nation we have fought alongside
Russian troops in the second world war
but we will respond robustly when our
security is threatened when the lives of
our citizens are endangered and when the
norms and rules of international law and
the international system are floated in
such a brazen and reckless manner we
stand with our partners and allies we
are determined to continue to disrupt
together the hostile activities of
foreign intelligence networks on our
territories we will uphold the
prohibition of chemical weapons we will
protect our citizens and we will defend
ourselves from all forms of maligned
state activity directed against us and
our societies thank you madam president
I thank the representative from the
United Kingdom for her briefing and I
will now give the floor to the
representative of Peru soon you're right
in president we're grateful for the
convening of this meeting
and the information that was just
presented to us by the United Kingdom on
investigations undertaken and the
evidence that has been found and we have
taken key note of them we wish to
reiterate our deep concern at the use of
a nerve agent in public spaces in the
United Kingdom which cost the life of an
innocent woman and placed at serious
risk the lives of at least four other
persons we extend our condolences and
solidarity to the victims and with the
population of the United Kingdom who may
have been exposed to the chemical agent
in question Peru condemns any use
strongly condemns any use of chemical
weapons we believe that in and of
themselves they constitute a threat to
international peace and security and a
trusted crime and a flagrant violation
of the relevant non-proliferation regime
we call on the parties concerned to
cooperate fully with investigations and
everything related to the sensitive
issue especially through the
organisation for the prohibition of
chemical weapons and other competent
bodies and to do so in line with the
principle of the peaceful settlement of
disputes we underscore the need the
prevailing need to identify those
responsible and to punish them
accordingly
and to do so within the framework of the
rule of law and due process thank you
very much
I think the representative from Peru and
I now give the floor to the
representative of France
Madam President
I want to thank the US presidency Forgan
izing this meeting I also want to thank
the United Kingdom for this update very
timely update on the results of the
British investigation pertaining to the
exposure of three individuals to a
neurotoxic military agent that took
place last March and Salisbury on behalf
of France I would like to once again
reiterate the Solidarity that was
expressed by our highest authorities
solidarity with our British friends
following the hostile act that took
place on the 4th of March the
investigation by the British police
services has now completed and I would
like to commend the determination to act
transparently by the United Kingdom in
the way it has conducted this
investigation in connection in
coordination with the OPCW and I will
welcome this exemplary work I just want
to say a few words about the actual
would actually happen before speaking of
them more broader issues first of all
the the facts are clear the results of
the British investigation combined with
those by the OPCW confirmed the initial
analysis that we share on the absent and
on the absence of other any other
plausible explanation other than that
Russia is responsible
everything confirms this a chemical
chemical agent Nova Chuck considered as
military production was indeed used in
salzburg against sergei script pol and
his daughter and then subsequently used
at Augsburg I would like to highlight
the British conclusion according to
which such an operation could only be
launched and approved at a sufficiently
high level of the Russian state we have
taken note the issuance by British
Justice of to arrest warrants against -
until it will attend telogen officers
from Russia identified by the British
police and are ready to cooperate with
these services Madam President in light
of these very serious elements
would like to express the profound
concern of my country and reiterate our
condemnation of such actions which are
unacceptable this is a position that we
have reaffirmed unanimously with our
partners from NATO and the European
Union
these actions put endanger the security
of many civilians they undermined the
security of one of our closest allies
they're contrary to the rules of
international law and they trampled all
the principles of mutual cooperation and
respect to which we are profoundly
attached Madam President the use of
chemical weapons can in no way be
considered as an option in this
beginning of the 21st century there
reemergence of these weapons is a
challenge to our system of collective
security it in a way that we cannot
accept it is therefore the
responsibility of this council to
protect the non the chemical
non-proliferation regime and with that
regime our system of collective security
we ask Russia
remember this council to respond to all
the questions that would be raised we
call also on the council and all our
partners including Russia to resolutely
commit itself to protect the convention
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
and to reaffirm the ban on the use of
these weapons for this we need to
strengthen the means of the OPCW in
order to allow it to fulfill its mandate
the implementation of the decision
adopted by the extraordinary session of
the conference of States Parties meeting
last this June following the major
incidents in Duma and Salzburg
must be considered as our common roadmap
this meaning of the States Parties to
the convention also demonstrated that a
majority of the international community
shares our concerns regarding the risk
on the undermining of the new chemical
non-proliferation regime and supports a
principle of strengthening the means
protecting the convention in this
context it is essential to ensure that
the international community has a
mechanism of inquiry and attribution for
all cases of the use of chemical weapons
in Syria such an instrument is indeed
essential for the protection of the
chemical number of operational regime
and we have for a long time now
encouraged Russia to take that path we
will return to this topic this afternoon
during our meeting on Syria Madam
President as the president of France mr.
Manuel McComb stated recently the
mobilization and determination of
friends to protect the regime the
convention regime when chemical weapons
is wholehearted and our conviction is
wholehearted we have reaffirmed it
together with our British American
German and Canadian partners in the same
spirit we would like the European Union
to develop a sanction a sanctions regime
against individuals and entities
involved in the proliferation and use of
chemical weapons you can count on the
full and wholehearted commitment and
engagement of France on this point thank
you I think the representative from
France and I now give the floor to the
representative of Poland thank you madam
president thank you for convening this
meeting I would also like to thank
ambassador Karen peers for the detail
update on the investigation into the
attempt murder of Sergey and Julius
creeper in Salisbury which involve a
nerve agent we greatly appreciate the
transparency of the United Kingdom in
this process we continue to express our
full solidarity with the British people
and the British government as well as
our region s to support our close ally
and European partner in taking actions
to respond to a short read posed by
chemical weapons since the beginning we
have commanded this unprecedented attack
the first of this kind in Europe after
world
we call on Russia to extend full
cooperation with the British government
and the OPCW British investigation
concluded that available evidence is
sufficient to state that individuals
related to the Russian state are
responsible for the attack in Salisbury
Poland has full confidence in the
professionalism of the British police
and investigating authorities we believe
that actions taken by the United Kingdom
constitute a significant step for
towards ensuring that the use of
chemical weapons will not be left and
answered Madam President let me also
reiterate that Poland continuously
commended the OPCW and its expert
participating in the technical
assistance visit for their outstanding
work to determine the facts of the
ground in a professional and impartial
manner thank you madam president I thank
the representative from Poland and I now
give the floor to the representative of
Kuwait she can see the right thank you
madam president
we have listened carefully to the
important and detailed briefing by the
permanent representative of the United
Kingdom her Excellency ambassador Karen
Pierce regarding the results of the
investigations into the cells very
incident of March 4th 2018 and which has
recently identified the people behind
this incident I would like to commend
the comprehensive and professional
investigations to identify the
perpetrators of this heinous crime I
reiterate our confidence in the measures
adopted by the United Kingdom as part of
the investigations into this incident in
line with our principled position we
condemn the use of chemical weapons by
any party at any time and
ever it may take place as a grave
violation of international law we stress
the need to hold accountable those
responsible for such use whether
individuals entities groups or
governments we condemn the production
acquisition possession stockpiling and
the direct and indirect transfer of such
weapons in line with article 1 of the
CWC which we joined in 1997 we express
our confidence in the professionalism
independence and transparency of the
OPCW and we stress the need to build the
capacity of the OPCW to carry out its
mandate in order to strengthen the
non-proliferation regime especially when
investigating the use of these weapons
and when identifying the violators of
the non-proliferation regime in closing
we stressed the need to uphold
international law and norms and to
maintain international peace and
security
according to the Charter we urge all
parties concerned to cooperate with all
investigations underway in this incident
thank you madam president I thank the
representative of Kuwait and I now give
the floor to the representative of the
Netherlands thank you madam president
the Kingdom of the Netherlands welcomes
the update provided by the permanent
representative of the United Kingdom on
the investigation into the chemical
weapon attack that took place in
Salisbury and the subsequent poisoning
and arms buried last month I will make
three points first the Kingdom of the
Netherlands condemns the use of chemical
weapons and stands in solidarity with
the United Kingdom second the issuing of
criminal charges is a significant new
development that supports and
strengthens
the inn strengthens our earlier
conclusions 1/3 the Russian Federation
should cooperate to establish the food
truth and ensure accountability madam
president first of all I'd like to
repeat clearly and unequivocally that
the Kingdom of the Netherlands condemns
the use of chemical weapons anytime
anywhere and under any circumstance and
let me reiterate our full support to the
OPCW and the important work they do for
us and as the United Kingdom is faced
with the reckless use of chemical
weapons on its soil the Netherlands
tends in firm solidarity with our
neighbor ally and friend this brings me
to my second point during previous
meetings the Kingdom of the Netherlands
expressed its shock about the reckless
attack with a military-grade nerve agent
on British soil
exposing innocent civilians to great
risks since then we learned that the
attack resulted in even more victims
one of whom miss Don Sturgis did not
survive and we express our sincere
condolences to her left loved ones the
issuing of criminal charges is an
important step that brings us closer to
establishing the full truth said so that
justice can be served
and the Kingdom of the Netherlands has
full confidence in the investigation
carried out by the British authorities
and in the fairness and impartiality of
the British justice system Madam
President my third point now that the
perpetrators of this horrendous act have
been identified they must also be
brought to justice
and therefore we call on all states to
cooperate to ensure that the two
suspects have their day in court in the
United Kingdom and to bring the full
truth to light about how this attack was
carried out those who bear
responsibility must be held to account I
would like to recall that on March 22nd
the European Council condemned in the
strongest possible terms the attack in
Salisbury European leaders agreed
unanimously with the assessment of the
British government about
responsibilities of the Russian
Federation this assessment has now been
confirmed by the criminal investigation
which has led to criminal charges with
regard to two Russian individuals during
our last meeting on April 18th
the king of Kingdom of the Netherlands
urged the Russian Federation to change
its course from denial to cooperation we
reiterate our call for the Russian
authorities to provide the UK with all
information to unanswered questions and
to cooperate with the efforts to bring
those responsible to justice
thank you madam president I thank the
representative from the Netherlands and
I now give the floor to the
representative of kochevar LC Madame la
please
Thank You Madame president Madam
President my delegation is grateful to
the United Kingdom before taking the
initiative of holding this meeting to
deal with the letter set out in s 2018
at 218 dated 13th of March 2018 from
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
ministers a main following the attempted
poisoning of mr. serious cripple and his
daughter
ulis in Salisbury on the 4th of March
2018 cote ivoire would like to reiterate
its strong condemnation of any attempted
poisonings using a nerve agent
we also reaffirm our condemnation of the
use or the resorting to the use of
chemical weapons regardless of who the
perpetrators are and whether it is at a
time of peace or war the investigation
is conducted by the UK police seem to
point to two suspects in this case mrs.
Alexandra who are members of the Russian
military agency
affairs so clearly they need to ensure
the scrupulous implementation of the
relevant provisions of the international
non-proliferation architecture there's
no doubt that strict compliance with
international rules to fight against the
proliferation of chemical weapons would
make it possible to prevent such acts
and these are serious threats to
international peace and security my
country calls on all the partisan
to exercise restraint and to work with
the OPCW in line with the competences
entrusted to it during the special
session held on the 26th and 27th of
June 2018 in The Hague and to do so so
as to identify and to bring to justice
before they competent international
judicial bodies those responsible for
using chemical weapons Madam President
Lee Schiphol affair is a bone of
contention here in the Security Council
and in this context Cote d'Ivoire is
fundamentally attached to the values of
dialogue peace and friendship among
people's we call a Member States to
preserve unity in this council without
which the mission to preserve peace and
international security which has been
entrusted to us would just be a vain
hope thank you I think the
representative from kochevar and I now
give the floor to the representative of
Sweden thank you madam president and
thank you to the UK for this very timely
update to the Security Council today
Madam President we note the significance
of the new information stemming from the
British investigation and we underline
our confidence in the British findings
we call on Russia to change course and
fully cooperate with the ongoing
investigation and prosecution and fully
disclose any nerve agent programs to the
OPCW this lays the latest information
provides further evidence of the high
likelihood of Russia's responsibility
for the attack as previously stated by
the European Council we regret that
since the council last discussed these
developments a British national in
Amesbury has tragically died following
contact with the substance that the OPCW
has confirmed to be the same Nova choke
nerve agent that poisoned Sergey and
Julius clip al we reiterate a strong
condemnation of the use of a nerve agent
on UK soil and express our full
solidarity with the United Kingdom our
close friend and EU partner Madam
President
once again in this chamber we condemn in
the strongest term all use of chemical
weapons strictly prohibited under
international law it is a common
responsibility to ensure that the
chemical weapons ban is respected and it
can be argued the
members have special responsibilities
when it comes to curbing the weapons of
mass destruction the rules-based
international system protects us all and
we must ensure its integrity in all its
parts in this regard we reiterate our
full support to the OPCW the independent
international organization charged with
overseeing the chemical weapons ban
thank you very much Madam President I
thank the representative from Sweden and
I now give the floor to the
representative of China
Madam President trying to listen
attentively to a briefing by UK China
categorically opposes the use of
chemical weapons by any state and
organization or an individual under
water of a circumstances or for whatever
purposes China supports comprehensive
objective and a fair investigation of
alleged incident of a chemical weapons
use which based on solid evidences
should lead to conclusions I can't stand
test effects in history it has been now
clear and consistent a position we have
followed the status for incident of last
March in UK its ensuing developments we
believe that the relevant issue should
be handled in accordance with the rules
and procedures of the Chemical Weapons
Convention and within the OPCW framework
we have noted the letter from the UK
premi√®re representative to president of
the Security Council on September the
5th we have also noted that rather than
the parties of the incident have not
reached a widely accepted conclusions on
who should be responsible for incident
in this context relevant parties should
work on the basis of a mutual respect
and equal consultation and resolve
issues through dialogues Madam President
when the international community still
faces many challenges parties should
work with instead of against each other
is important to maintain focus on the
merits of the incident and avoid
criticize a ssin and any moves that
could fail tensions particularly the
secured remember
security council members should remain
united in a common effort to fulfill the
duty to maintain international peace and
security
thank you madam president I thank the
representative from China and I now give
the floor to the representative of
Kazakhstan madam president haven't heard
today's update on the current situation
around the investigations of this
well-known incident my delegation would
also like to share our observations on
this item firstly of course we
appreciate your case diligent work on
this case and sharing the information
with us however any review of a matter
of the seriousness require more time in
particular to study the results of the
British investigation secondly it is
difficult to arrive at an objective
assessment and especially with regard to
the conclusions made based on the UK
letter of 5th of December we would
appreciate to receive event 5th of
September we would appreciate to receive
more concrete data to come to any
conclusion thirdly while actions always
need to be taken decisions should not
arrive in haste as we can see the time
with the time will receive more and more
specific information with regard to the
incident which will eventually allow us
to make a fair and objective assessment
and conclusion as a country affected by
the consequences of using WMD we express
our sincere solidarity with those who
suffered and are today suffering from
such weapons and we remain firmly
committed to the fight against the use
of chemical weapons and are ready to
take a constructive part in preventing
such atrocious incidents custom counts
on the continuation of comprehensive
objective and transparent investigation
and calls on the parties not to take
hasty actions without providing full and
irrefutable evidence of involvement of
one side or another
lastly we think that they Council as the
main body for ensuring international
peace and security should remain
consistent in acting on solid facts and
evidences to take an objective and
transparent
I think representative of Kazakhstan and
I'll now give the floor to the
representative of Ethiopia thank you
madam president
we thank the UK delegation for its
briefing and updates on the outcome of
its investigation on their Salsbury
incident we also take note of the
statement by the Prime Minister of the
United Kingdom to the Parliament which
was circulated to the council yesterday
furthermore we have seen summary of the
report on activities carried out by the
OPCW in support of a request for
technical assistance by the United
Kingdom released two days ago our
position on the use of chemical weapons
is well known and we strongly condemn
any use of chemical weapons by any state
or non-state actor use of chemical
weapons is unacceptable and it
constitutes a serious violation under
international law that's it we
understand that there is still a number
of issues that require further
clarification and unfortunately we do
not have all the necessary information
before us one thing is very clear though
the cooperation between the United
Kingdom and the Russian Federation is
absolutely vital in getting to the
bottom of this issue this should be done
so in good faith and in a fair manner by
undertaking the necessary consultation
and exchange of information this is what
will help address the issue once and for
all in a way that would allay the
concerns of the UK and ultimately bring
those responsible to the Justice to
justice I thank you I thank the
representative Ethiopian I now give the
floor to the representative of Bolivia
thank you madam president
we have taken note of the briefing
presented to us the information
presented to us today Bolivia Bolivia
reiterates its categorical rejection of
the use of chemical weapon of chemicals
as weapons because such use is
unjustifiable and criminal and it is a
serious crime against
law and international peace and security
they're used by whomever and regardless
of the circumstance is to be condemned
and is an ignominious act which is a
serious attack against the
non-proliferation purposes should be
brought before justice this is also a
problematic precedent because it is an
attack against a non-proliferation
regime and contrary to the provisions of
the Chemical Weapons Convention we were
to get a need for an independent
transparent objective impartial and
apolitical investigation in line with
prevailing international rules
especially those set out in the CWC we
reiterate the need for an independent
investigation with respect to the March
events it is absolutely essential for
the parties involved to use the
corresponding diplomatic channels to
fulfill the principles of mutual respect
and bilateral cooperation that will
enable dialogue leading to a resolution
of this problem in this body if we sling
charges and accusations without the
requisite dialogue and transparent
exchange of information with parties
there will be no achievement of this
objective finally we express our hope
for that there will be dialogue and
mutual respect as this situation evolves
thank you I thank the representative
from Bolivia and I now give the floor to
the representative of Equatorial Guinea
muchas gracias a European thank you very
much madam president Equatorial Guinea
has followed with concern the unfolding
of events involved in the incidents
involving the use of chemical agent in
Salisbury in the Kingdom on the 4th of
March and we have been clearly following
investigation is geared towards shedding
light on the incident and we hope that
they will be exhaustive fair and
independent and in keeping with the
relevant international rules madam
president Equatorial Guinea is opposed
to the
facture stockpiling and use of chemical
weapons because this is in contravention
of the Chemical Weapons Convention and
the principles and purposes of the
United Nations Charter and we want to
see their full and complete prohibition
and destruction we hope that those
responsible for using them regardless of
where they are will be brought to
international justice we strongly
condemn the attack in Salisbury against
the life of thus cripples and we stand
in solidarity with the people of the
United Kingdom and more particularly
with the family of the deceased victim
Equatorial Guinea resources hope that
the relevant part is the United Kingdom
and the Russian Federation will exercise
restraint restraint and they will find a
way of dealing with this situation
appropriately and reasonably and through
direct contacts the Republic of
Equatorial Guinea reiterates its
conviction that the complete and
effective prohibition of chemical
weapons and destruction of such weapons
is a necessary step toward achieving the
principles and purposes of the United
Nations Charter especially when it comes
to maintaining international peace and
security
thank you very much I thank the
representative from Equatorial Guinea
and I now give the floor to the
representative of the Russian Federation
thank you madam president
we listen very carefully to the
statement of our British colleagues who
promised to provide new information on
the investigation of the so called
descrip Paulo fair we carefully also
examined the statement of the prime
minister of the UK a treasom a and the
British Parliament on this topic now to
be frank we very much hope that today
we'd hear something convincing that
sheds light on this mysterious incident
unfortunately our expectations were
not met once again in today's statement
we heard the same the same repeated lies
on the so called double agents as a
reason for as a legitimate murder by
Russian specialist services and Children
Services about training of Russian
special services in the handling of
toxic chemicals about the development of
military-grade chemical agents in Russia
about cyberattacks about attempts to
engineer an overthrow in Macedonia and a
lot of other information I'm not going
to go through the list of this whole
unfounded and mendacious cocktail of
facts similar insinuations that were
heard from the British prime minister
yesterday just yesterday we found out
that the courageous British
investigators published photos of to
assess the individuals suspected in
poisoning sir Ganguly Escrima precisely
this is provided by the British
authorities as a sensation as a turning
point in the investigation these
individuals supposedly have Russian last
names and citizenship with well-known
degree of certainty highly likely it is
stated that they then that they work for
the Russian intelligence services at the
same time it it is assumed immediately
that the names provided our aliases
furthermore unlike the previous
unsubstantiated provocation of a similar
type the Litvinenko affair the British
side does say that to attempt to obtain
extradition of these two individuals
that does not intend to do so from
Russia nor do they intend to cooperate
with the Russian authorities and why
should they even try
that does not enter the plans of
London's game several delegations today
when the statements caught on the
Russian side to cooperate with the
United Kingdom well everything is
exactly the opposite
we have been calling London to cooperate
rather than London calling us to
cooperate and London has been refusing
us this cooperation for London needs
this story for just one purpose to do to
unleash a disgusting anti-russian
hysteria and to involve other countries
in this hysteria now the number of
inconsistencies and unresolved issues in
connection with the new British
so-called quote unquote evidence is off
the charts for example on the photos
provided by London of the suspects where
they are shown going through the same
identical corridor supposedly in the in
Gatwick Airport the time indicated
corresponds down to the second according
to information stated by Therese in May
the suspects found themselves next to
the house of scree Polly approximately
at noon on the 4th of March whereas
earlier on in all police reports it was
stated that the script pause left their
house that day early in the morning and
never returned
so how would it be possible for them to
do to enter into contact with a
contaminated door handle of their house
it's difficult to consider convincing
that these suspects used a regular
container of a perfume bottle to
transport the mythical Navi choked as
follows from the public reports of OPCW
experts in particular on the emzbly
incident this substance is so toxic and
dangerous that to transport it it would
be necessary to use specially protected
containers otherwise the person
transporting the substance
would it would definitely suffer
themselves Madam President in Russia
there's a very popular joke about a
character named it was the elusive Joe
now he's elusive not because no one can
catch him but rather because no one
needs him no one is even interested in
looking for him now I have the strong
feeling that we have been provided with
two such elusive Joe's which supposedly
were acting on orders from Moscow
perhaps some of you are convinced by
this spectacle but I believe that this
new episode of this is just as invented
and just as produced out of thin air as
pre as the previous episodes our British
colleagues have taken a very comfortable
position they have issued a verdict the
the guilty party Russia has been
declared the real names of the suspects
are unknown real names although
supposedly it as well it is known that
they are they work for the GRU how GRU
how it's possible to determine this
without knowing their names is a mystery
for us we are called to cooperate as I
said it's actually we who have been
calling London to cooperate and London
from the day one has refused to
cooperate British the British ambassador
was called in to the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs in Russia where in response to a
request to request the Ambassador
refused to provide Russia the British
authorities rather hey the Ambassador
said that the British authorities have
refused to provide Russia information
that the suspects were supposed to
provide to the embassy when they applied
for their visa this includes
fingerprints using which it would be
much easier to identify them than using
a photo from the internet there's
nothing surprising about this
in this post truth world that has been
created by Western colleagues the the
world of delirium and fake news is quite
enough in order to issue a verdict and
either and even start to punishment
now of course London is not intent to
take this case to its conclusion he's
not it's not interested now since we're
here once again to hear information from
London let us just make in broad strokes
recall what actually happened since the
the moment of the attack in Salisbury on
the 4th of March there are two Russian
citizens that were exposed to a
mysterious nerve agent they're being
held somewhere and in breach of all
international legal and humanitarian
norms they have not been given access to
Russian consular services or even their
close relatives this is a fact we have
all we've seen is a television statement
by Yulia scripta which raised many
questions and suspicions that she's
being the subject of serious moral and
psychological pressure there are also
there's also a letter in the form of an
ultimatum demanding that it of knowledge
that it is guilty of the of the attack
against Kripa there are also several
letters from Russia to Great Britain
with proposals to take part in the
investigation and with a very convincing
list of concrete specific questions
which have remained unanswered and
lastly there are the conclusions of OPCW
experts that on the 4th of March and
Salisbury a nerve agent was used and
that the origin the origin from which
country was it came was not possible to
determine it was not possible because as
a matter of principle it is not possible
to determine this probably that is the
end of the factual facts of the case
everything else is just Kong conjecture
created by the very rich investigation
and rusev oh and rusev phobia of the
official London London authorities now
given the obvious contradictions in the
investigation which has been filled by
leaks to the media our British
colleagues simply disregard these
spawning new even more absurd versions
I'm not gonna list them all a time your
time is too valuable I just wanted to
say that half a year later almost it's
still not clear why Russia would want to
poison the script policy war why would
want to do this in such a strange
sophisticated and illogical way we were
told that there was a gel was was
applied to the door handle now Teresa
maze said that supposedly the suspects
brought with them a a perfume bottle and
there are lots of such inconsistencies
however a lot of unsubstantiated
conclusions
these abound that apparently Moscow is
responsible and this led to concrete
sanctions now this theater of the absurd
the only one who is one whose gain from
this is nina ricci company which has
received a lot of free advertising the
fact that the British authorities still
have no evidence that Russia's
responsible for Salisbury or any kind of
clear version of what happened I think
everyone is is already convinced to that
and we have lost all hope of actually
finding the truth or those who are
guilty so for us the only issue is what
kind of ploys London will invent in
order to avoid truly serious rather than
a politically motivated investigation of
the case the sense the quote-unquote
sensation that was sensational
disclosures that were provided today are
part of the crude strategy pursued by
London and by the way we have no
problems with that rank-and-file British
citizens who we have great deal of
sympathy for and then we like them very
much as you could saw during the World
Cup the problem is with the government
that is trying to mislead the world
community and they're their own citizens
Madam President
no I'd like to shift to more official
language and as a summary state the
following the Russian Federation
categorically rejects all unfounded
all unfounded accusations regarding its
involvement in the in poisoning with
toxic chemicals in April of 2018 in the
city of Salisbury of Russian citizens
Sergey and Yulia script pal which were
once again repeated by Prime Minister to
r√©sum√© in Parliament on the 5th of
September we call him British on the
British side to be to moderation we
confirm our readiness to conduct
consultations in coordination with the
bilateral consular consultation from the
2nd of December 1965 and the European
Convention on mutual legal assistance on
criminal cases from the 20th of April
we demand consular access to the
illegally detained
Russian citizens once again with full
responsibility we state that the
statements by official London that only
Russia supposedly has or had technical
means practical experience and motives
to carry out such an act with the use of
chemical substances as completely
unfounded and only to mislead the
international community the Russian
Federation has never developed never
produced and never stockpiled toxic
chemicals which in in the West have been
named Novi chalk very word Novi choke
and the information about the structure
and mass spectra of the chemical
compound started appearing in foreign
specialized scientific literature and
applied databases after with information
provided by Soviet defectors who had
only a very indirect connection to the
Soviet military chemical weapons program
furthermore such developments were
conducted in a whole range of other
states including Great Britain the
United States and other Western
countries and and the laboratory the the
Ministry of United Kingdom important
down was involved in these contests
kinds of research and development
there there there are volumes of
specialized literature in the West about
this work the last circumstance is if
particularly important to understand
what happened what happened regarding
the script Paul case that has been
produced by London against Russia and
the following incident in Hamburg the
Russian Federation would like to make an
appeal to all states with our
responsibility and to support the appeal
to the government of the of the United
Kingdom to begin consultations with the
Russian Federation in the framework of
the Convention on the prohibition of
chemical weapons and the two
aforementioned conventions in conclusion
Madam President
from the statement of London what is
absolutely clear is that already back in
May it had all the information that was
presented yesterday with without
determining the list of suspects and
determining the fact that they were in
salzburg there would have been no reason
to search the hotel where they stayed
obviously if all if all this so-called
evidence said were as important as its
claim to be that they would have been
published four months ago even before
the tragic events in Amesbury from all
this it follows that we can make only
one conclusion Downing Street is as
governed not by the interests of Justice
but by other reasons and motives which
we already mentioned the incident on the
4th of March became a very useful
pretext to unleash anti-russian hysteria
and was used an attempt to undermine our
authority as a member state of OPCW on
the eve of the staging of the use of
chemical weapons in the Syrian city of
Douma today we are witnessing a similar
picture the statement by Teresa may on
the 5th of September - to place sort of
on the eve of the new political season
and regarding the and and
and and regarding the situation in Eden
Lib and the provocation that is being
prepared there by the fighters there
together with the white helmets which we
have warned about more than once we will
circulate to UN member-states the
relevant materials on the topic of
today's meeting thank you very much
Madam President I think the
representative from the Russian
Federation I shall now make a statement
in my capacity as the representative of
the United States this morning the
Security Council addresses the use of
chemical weapons for the first of two
times today as we have previously the
United States expresses its unequivocal
condemnation of the use of chemical
weapons in Salsbury or anywhere else we
stand firm in defense of the
international norm against the use of
these horrific weapons and we stand firm
with the British people it's easy to
express outrage of course we do it every
day in this chamber what is difficult is
finding solutions and today our British
friends and colleagues are providing us
with a master class on how to stop the
spread of chemical weapons they are
creating accountability for those who
use chemical agents and providing vital
support for the international norm
against the use of these deadly illegal
weapons the British government is
pursuing accountability for this attack
in the only way accountability can truly
be accomplished in accordance with the
rule of law
British investigators have conducted a
full and fair investigation of what has
been determined to be the attempted
killing of Sergey and Yulia scree Paul
and detective Nick Bailey the
investigators have linked these crimes
with the chemical agent that poisoned
charlie Raleigh and killed Don Sturges
Prime Minister may went into great
detail about each step of this
investigation
hundreds of detectives have
analyzed thousands of hours of CCTV
footage and thousands of documents some
things we knew already
British investigators had already
concluded Russia was responsible for the
exposure of hundreds of people to a
deadly agent on the streets of Salisbury
now thanks to the careful methodical
work of the British authorities no one
should have any doubt it is actually
amazing to see the clarity and the
undeniable 'ti of the results the
British government has identified two
Russian nationals
as responsible for the use of the Nova
Chowk nerve agent on British soil and
the attempted murder of a British
citizen and his daughter critically the
British have also concluded that the two
men are officers of the Russian military
intelligence service this was not as
Prime Minister may said a quote rogue
operation this was a highly planned
purposely driven attack the British had
the suspects on CCTV from their arrival
at Gatwick Airport to their travel to
the vicinity of the scruples House on
the day of the attack and finally their
departure from Heathrow back to Moscow
every one of us in this room and
listening around the world should be
chilled to the bone with the findings of
this investigation
as for the subsequent poisoning of
Charlie Rawley and the death of Don
Sturges Prime Minister may said it well
quote were these two suspects within our
jurisdiction there would be a clear
basis in law for their arrest for murder
this is how it's done this is how
individuals who commit murder and their
heinous crimes are exposed this is how
nations that defy the international
norms that keep us all safe are held to
account this is how the memories of
those injured and killed and the service
of the first responders who cared for
them are honored it now falls on us to
do our part
rather than accept responsibility for
its actions the Russian government has
offered only denials and
counter-accusations anything to deflect
attention and distract from its guilt
the Russian denials have followed a
familiar script from Crimea to mh17 to
the dawn bus to the killing of litvenko
the list goes on and on and the song is
always the same Russia is somehow never
behind these incidents but no one's
buying it
the most recent British action ensures
that Russia doesn't get away with this
brazen attack in direct response to
Russia's use of chemical weapons in the
Salsbury incident the United States has
announced additional sanctions against
Russia and together with our NATO allies
and other partners 153 Russian officials
were expelled around the world in
response to the attack on the scree
poles on UK soil while this incident was
in Salisbury who is to say it could have
happened in Paris or Amsterdam or Addis
but we must now help our British friends
find the two Russian suspects they have
identified and bring them to face
justice in the United Kingdom better yet
why doesn't the Russian government turn
these two murderers over to British
authorities we must fight and win the
broader battle against impunity for
chemical weapons use this is a day for
explanations from Russia and solidarity
with our colleagues in the United
Kingdom thank you I will resume my
function as president of the council the
representative of the United Kingdom has
asked for the floor to make a further
statement you now have the floor thank
you very much Madam President and thank
you to colleagues for their views and
for colleagues expressions of solidarity
and support and for the colleagues who
repeated their revulsion at
use of CW wherever whenever it occurs I
just want to make very clear that the
United Kingdom shares that position
about bolstering the International
prohibition on the use of CW I was asked
a number of questions Madam President so
with your permission I will respond
briefly I was asked about the
investigation I would just like to
recall for colleagues that in the United
Kingdom the police are independent of
government the investigation has been
independent the one into the murder of
dawn sturgis which is ongoing is
independent we believe it is methodical
and comprehensive i was asked about
inconsistencies madam president in the
evidence identifying the two russian
individuals as russian giu operatives we
have CCTV footage Madam President we are
happy to share those images with
colleagues to take one instance the
Russian ambassador mentioned that there
was a time stamp in the same corridor
for both individuals I don't know if the
Ambassador has been to get week airport
we have been to Gatwick Airport there
are multiple identical corridors through
which people can go this is what
happened to the two Russians we are
confident Madam President in our
evidence and I am very happy to talk to
any colleague or indeed any UN member of
the General Assembly who has doubts
about the evidence is very welcome to
come and have a briefing at the British
mission I was asked also about
cooperation with the Russian authorities
I would like to recall for council
colleagues that when this episode first
happened in March my government went to
the Russian authorities and asked for
their cooperation we were given a reply
that the request for cooperation was now
avoid we would have been happy to
collaborate with the Russian authorities
at that time we have indicated our
willingness to do so
since that point but in fact what we
have seen is a diversion into avenues
that are not relevant to this particular
case I think that's a great pity Madame
president
the Russians have also asked us if they
could join the investigation once it was
under way I've said before in this
chamber but I repeat you don't recruit
an arsonist to put out a fire you
especially don't do that when the fire
is one they caused
I was asked about giu operatives using
fake names the names may be fake but the
crimes are real the time for lies and
discrimination has passed and it is now
time for truth and accountability we
have not assumed that the Russians are
guilty we have done an investigation the
assumption of guilt over innocence may
happen in the Russian judicial system
Madam President it does not happen in
the United Kingdom's but I do think
there is an interesting question for the
rational authorities as to whether the
GRU operatives were incompetent in what
they did to leave traces or whether they
were rogue and I think that's an
important angle to think about we were
accused of not granting consular access
to the squid pals in fact we did as I've
told the council we did Madam President
pass on the details from the Russian
consulate in London to Ullaeus Creepo
and it was her wishes that we followed
in all subsequent contact yulia I'm glad
to say is making a good recovery we have
had no other thought in our dealings
with her than her welfare and her wishes
Madam President we are now up to some 37
accounts from Russia as to why and how
Salisbury took place I think none hold
water we believe that the evidence we
have presented speaks for itself but I
repeat I am very happy to give any
member
the United Nations who would wish a
briefing on that I think we need to
recall that a woman has died
two people have narrowly escaped death a
whole city was placed at risk and the
global non-proliferation CW regime has
also been placed at risk I would hope
that the Russians would respect the
council engage on the facts and accept
the compelling evidence of Russian
complicity in this crime
as regards the allegations of British
allegations against Russia over Duma I
think again Madam President this shows
that for many Russian authorities they
work in a parallel universe where facts
and international norms are inverted we
abhor the use of chemical weapons we
take our responsibilities under the
Chemical Weapons Convention extremely
seriously we call on the Syrian
authorities and the Russian authorities
who work with them not to use chemical
weapons against their own people not to
repeat Eastern guter and Duma but as you
and our French colleagues and the United
Kingdom have made clear we will uphold
our international responsibilities and
we will uphold the international
commitments and obligations that the
international community has laid down if
I may conclude madam president the world
is poorer that Russia a p5 member will
not join us in doing precisely that to
uphold the international order thank you
madam president
I think the representative of the United
Kingdom and the representative of the
Russian Federation has asked for the
floor to make a further statement boo
boo thank you madam president
unfortunately in the right of response
of our British colleague we I didn't
really hear anything new the same list
of unfounded accusations that we heard
at previous meetings
just a couple of factual issues
regarding consular access to Julia and
Sergei scrape all I have already said we
have not had consular access but what is
indicative is something else that the
sister of Julius cripple who lives in
Russia and who wanted to visit Julia and
Julia grebe of the British Embassy twice
refused to issue the British visa to her
how do you how do you like that that
doesn't doesn't tell you anything as for
the request that the British side
allegedly sent to Russia right after the
incident well we've had the pleasure
more than once to comment the character
of that request it wasn't a request at
all it was a it was a message by Boris
Johnson the then foreign minister to the
Russian ambassador in London with a
demand to to acknowledge that Russia
committed this crime and to explain how
it was done whether it was done with the
knowledge of the Russian authorities or
without their knowledge that was the
whole request regarding cooperation with
Russia
please don't mislead the international
community there was no request to
cooperate with the Russian side in
investigating this side no requests from
the British side quite to the contrary
there were many many requests from the
Russian side but in the framework of the
OPCW as well as through other channels
there were requests to the British side
to conduct a joint investigation and
Russia confirmed its readiness to be
actively involved of course I understand
that our British colleague said that we
live in parallel universes well maybe
some people would like us to live in a
different planet but unfortunately there
are no settled kahlan planets beside
this one so we'll have to live together
on this planet we'll have to cooperate
on this planet and regarding the
questions that we asked you and there
are over 40 most of them we still
haven't received any answers nor there
aren't many Russian versions of what
happened as unlike what you've been told
being being in fact presenting versions
by journalists as as official versions
of the Russian authorities we would be
happy to tell those delegations
interested on how we see what happened
and what is happening right now with the
so called investigation by the United
Kingdom thank you I thank the
representative from the Russian
Federation for his statement there are
no more names on the list of speakers
the meeting is adjourned
