tinleigh toxic nerve agent known as Nava
chock was used to attack our country it
left four people fighting for their
lives and one innocent woman dead and I
know the thoughts of the whole house
will be with the family of Dorn Sturgis
in particular following their tragic
loss in March I set out for the house
why the government concluded that the
Russian state was culpable for the
attempted murder of mr. scribble and his
daughter I also said that while we all
share a sense of impatience to bring
those responsible to justice
as a nation that believes in the rule of
law we would give the police the space
and time to carry out their
investigation properly since then around
250 detectives have trawled through more
than 11,000 hours of CCTV and taken more
than 1,400 statements working around the
clock they have carried out painstaking
and methodical work to ascertain exactly
which individuals were responsible and
the methods they used to carry out this
attack mr. speaker this forensic
investigation has now produced
sufficient evidence for the Independent
Director of Public Prosecutions
to bring charges against two Russian
nationals for the conspiracy to murder
sergey skripnikov sir guy and julius
cripple and Detective Sergeant Nick
Bailey the use and possession of Nava
chock and causing grievous bodily harm
with intent to Ullaeus crippled and Nick
Bailey this morning the police have set
out how the two Russian nationals
traveled under the names of Alexander
Petrov and Ruslan boo sheared off names
the police believed to be a Lisa's they
arrived at Gatwick Airport at 3 p.m. on
Friday the second of March having flown
from Moscow on flight su-25 8 8 they
traveled by train to London Victoria
then on to Waterloo before going to the
city stay hotel in BO Road East London
they stayed there on both Friday and
Saturday
evenings and traces of nabhi chakra
found in their hotel room on Saturday
the 3rd of March they visited Salisbury
arriving at approximately 2:25 p.m. and
leaving less than two hours later at
4:10 p.m. the police are confident this
was for reconnaissance of the Salisbury
area on Sunday the 4th of March they
made the same journey traveling by
Underground from Bo to Waterloo station
at approximately 8:05 a.m. before
continuing by train to Salisbury the
police have today released CCTV footage
of the two men which clearly places them
in the immediate vicinity of the
scribbles house at 11:58 a.m. which the
police say was moments before the attack
they left Salisbury and returned to
Waterloo arriving at approximately 4:45
p.m. and boarded the Underground at
approximately 6:30 p.m. to Heathrow from
where they returned to Moscow on flight
su-25 85 departing at 10:30 p.m. mr.
speaker this hard evidence has enabled
the independent Crown Prosecution
Service to conclude they have a
sufficient basis on which to bring
charges against these two men for the
attack in Salisbury the same two men are
now also the prime suspects in the case
of thorne Sturgis and Charley Rowley -
there is no other line of inquiry beyond
this and the police today have formally
linked the attack on the script house
and the events in Amesbury such that it
now forms one investigation there are
good reasons for doing so our own
analysis together with yesterday's
report from the organization from the
prohibition of chemical weapons has
confirmed that the exact same chemical
nerve agent was used in both cases there
is no evidence to suggest that Dawn and
Charlie may have been deliberately
targeted but rather were victims of the
reckless disposal of this agent the
police have today released further
details of the small glass counterfeit
perfume bottle and box discovered in
Charlie roly's
which was found to contain this nerve
agent and the manner in which the bottle
was modified leaves no doubt it was a
cover for smuggling the weapon into the
country and for the delivery method for
the attack against the screw car's front
door mr. speaker the police
investigation into the poisoning of dawn
and Charlie is ongoing and the police
are today appealing for further
information but were these two suspects
within our jurisdiction there would be a
clear basis in law for their arrest for
murder
Mr Speaker we repeatedly asked Russia to
account for what happened in Salisbury
in March and they have replied with
obfuscation and lies this is including
trying to pass the blame for the attack
on two terrorists on to our
international partners and even on to
the future mother-in-law of Ullaeus Ripa
they even claimed that I myself invented
nava choke their attempts to hide the
truth by pushing out a deluge of
disinformation simply reinforces their
culpability as we made clear in March
only Russia had the technical means
operational experience and motive to
carry out the attack Norva top nerve
agents were developed by the Soviet
Union in the 1980s under a program
code-named folly and within the past
decade Russia has produced and
stockpiled small quantities of these
agents long after it signed the Chemical
Weapons Convention and during the 2000s
Russia commenced a program to test means
of delivering nerve agents including by
application to door handles we were
right to say in March that the Russian
state was responsible and now we have
identified the individuals involved we
can go even further mr. speaker just as
the police investigation has enabled the
CPS to bring charges against the two
suspects so the security and
intelligence agencies have carried out
their own investigations into the
organization behind this attack based on
this work I can today tell the house
that based on a body of intelligence the
government has concluded that the two
individuals named by the police and CPS
are officers
from the Russian military intelligence
service also known as the GRU the GRU is
a highly disciplined organization with a
well-established chain of command so
this was not a rogue operation it was
almost certainly also approved outside
the GRU at a senior level of the Russian
stage mr. speaker the house will
appreciate that I cannot go into details
about the work of our security and
intelligence agencies but we will be
briefing opposition leaders and others
on privy council terms and also giving
further detail to the Intelligence and
Security Committee let me turn to our
response to this appalling attack and
the further knowledge we now have about
those responsible first with respect to
the two individuals as the Crown
Prosecution Service and police announced
earlier today we have obtained a
European arrest warrant and will shortly
issue an Interpol red notice of course
Russia has repeatedly refused to allow
its nationals to stand trial overseas
citing a bar on extradition in its
constitution so as we found following
the murder of Alexander Litvinenko any
formal extradition requests in this case
would be futile but should either of
these individuals ever again travel
outside Russia we will take every
possible step to detain them to
extradite them and to bring them to face
justice here mr. speaker this chemical
weapons attack on our soil was part of a
wider pattern of Russian behavior that
persistently seeks to undermine our
security and that of our allies around
the world they fermented conflict in the
Donbass illegally annexed Crimea
repeatedly violated the national
airspace of several European countries
advantages sustained campaign of cyber
espionage and election interference they
were behind a violent attempted coup in
Montenegro and a russian-made missile
launched from territory held by
russian-backed separatists brought down
MH 17 we will step up our collective
effort to protect ourselves in response
to this threat and that is exactly what
we have done since the attack in March
both domestically and collectively with
our allies we've introduced a new
to detain people at the UK border to
determine whether they are engaged in
hostile state activity we've introduced
the Magnitsky amendment to the sanctions
and money laundering Act in response to
the violation of Human Rights
and we have radically stepped up our
activity against illicit finance
entering our country we also expelled 23
Russian diplomats who had been
identified as undeclared Russian
intelligence officers fundamentally
degrading Russian intelligence
capability in the UK for years to come
and in collective solidarity and in
recognition of the shared threat posed
to our allies 28 other countries as well
as NATO joined us in expelling a total
of over 150 Russian intelligence
officers the largest collective
expulsion ever since then the EU agreed
a comprehensive package to tackle hybrid
threats the g7 agreed a rapid response
mechanism to share intelligence on
hostile state activity NATO has
substantially strengthened its
collective deterrence including through
a new cyber Operations Center and the US
has announced additional sanctions
against Russia for the Salisbury attack
mr. speaker Isla Allies acted in good
faith and the painstaking work of our
police and intelligence agencies over
the last six months further reinforces
that they were right to do so together
we will continue to show that those who
attempt to undermine the international
rules-based system cannot act with
impunity we will continue to press for
all of the measures agreed so far to be
fully implemented including the creation
of a new EU chemical weapon sanction
regime but we will not stop there we
will also push for new EU sanctions
regimes against those responsible for
cyber attacks and gross human rights
violations and for new listings under
the existing regime against Russia and
we will work with our partners to
empower the OPCW to attribute chemical
weapons attacks to other states beyond
Syria most significantly mr. speaker
what we have learned from today's
announcement is the specific nature of
the threat from the Russian GRU
we know that the GRU has played a key
part in malign Russian activity in
recent years and today we have exposed
their role behind the despicable
chemical weapons attack on the streets
of Salisbury the actions of the GRU are
a threat to all our allies and to all
our citizens and on the basis of what we
have learnt in the Salisbury
investigation and what we know about
this organization more broadly we must
now step up our collective efforts
specifically against the GRU we're
increasing our understanding of what the
GRU is doing in our countries shining a
light on their activities exposing their
methods and sharing them with our allies
just as we have done with Salisbury and
mr. speaker while the house will
appreciate that I cannot go into details
together with our allies we will deploy
the full range of tools from across our
national security apparatus in order to
counter the threat posed by the GRU I
have said before and I say again now
that the UK has no quarrel with the
Russian people and we continue to hold
out hope that we will one day once again
enjoy a strong partnership with the
government of this great nation as a
fellow permanent member of the United
Nations Security Council we will
continue to engage Russia on topics of
international peace and security but we
will also use these channels of
communication to make clear there can be
no place in any civilised international
order for the kind of barbaric activity
which we saw in Salisbury in March
finally mr. speaker let me pay tribute
to the fortitude of the people of
Salisbury Amesbury and the surrounding
areas
who have faced such disruption to their
daily lives over the past six months let
me once again thank the upstanding
efforts of the emergency services and
National Health Service in responding to
these incidents and let me thank all
those involved in the police and
intelligence community for their
tireless and painstaking work which has
led to today's announcement mr. speaker
back in March
Russia sought to sow doubt and
uncertainty about the evidence we
presented to this house and some were
minded to believe them today's
announcement shows that we were right we
were right to act against the russian
state in the way we did and we are right
now to step up our efforts against the
GRU we will not tolerate such barbaric
attacks against our country and together
with our allies this government will
continue to do whatever is necessary to
keep our people safe
and I commend this statement today Thank
You mr. speaker I'd like to thank the
Prime Minister for Advanced sight of her
statement and for the security briefings
that we've received our thoughts are
today with the family of dawn Sturgis
and with Charlie Rolly who's still
recovering from his ordeal and we're
obviously very sad at the death of Dawn
and saying condolences to her partner
and her family and we send our best
wishes to - Sir Guy newly escritoire for
a very full recovery the use of military
nerve agents on the streets of Britain
is an outrage and beyond reckless six
months after the attack Salisbury knits
people are still suffering the
after-effects of this attack I found
that when I visited the city earlier
this summer
there's a near eerie calm hanging over
the city and on a summer's evening a
large park cordoned off for security
purposes so the police can continue
their investigations created a very
strange and very eerie atmosphere and I
think we should show some sympathy for
the people of Salisbury and what they've
gone through and I know the Prime
Minister has done that in this statement
I commend the police for their
superhuman efforts in forensic ly
trawling through hours and hours of
information in helping to identify this
spec's given today's announcement on the
decision to charge two Russian citizens
with responsibility for the supporting
attack what steps is the Prime Minister
taking to secure cooperation from the
Russian government in bringing them to
trial the opcw's this is a serious
matter mr. speaker and I think they
should be brought to trial the opcw's
findings the opcw's findings of the
evidence that Nava chock was used in
Salisbury are a stark reminder that the
international community must
