the Intelligence Sharing alliance of the
US UK Australia New Zealand and Canada
known as the five eyes threatening to
punish tech giants unless they allow
access to encrypted data pretty laws
must prevent arbitrary or unlawful
interference but privacy is not absolute
it is an established principle that
appropriate government authorities
should be able to seek access to
otherwise private information when a
court or independent Authority has
authorized such access based on
established legal standards they're
calling for increased powers to bypass
encryption now this would allow each
government access to an individual's
encrypted calls and messages in the
official statement the five government's
outlined the importance of having this
sort of sweeping access to tackle
various security threats including a
crime and terrorism and if tech
companies do not voluntarily allow
access they threatened to push a
legislation that would force them to
should governments continue to encounter
impediments to lawful access to
information necessary to aid the
protection of the citizens of our
countries we may pursue technological
enforcement legislative or other
measures to achieve lawful access
solutions the memo also noted that
encryption remains quote vital to the
digital economy and that there should be
no intention to weaken encryption
mechanisms but tech giants haven't found
a way to create a secure backdoor we
have consistently raised concerns about
proposals that would undermine
encryption of devices and services by
requiring so-called exceptional access
for law enforcement weakening the
security and privacy that encryption
helps provide is not the answer there is
some domestic resistance to these
encryption backdoors a bill was
introduced in Congress a few months ago
called the secure data act and this
would prevent law enforcement and
surveillance agencies from forcing
companies to insert these backdoors
Amnesty International also stated their
opinion on this tweeting that backdoors
quote won't make us safer it'll just
weaken security for everyone
law enforcement officials have found
encryption to be a big problem in 2016
the FBI filed a lawsuit that would have
broke
wired Apple to create software that
would be able to bypass the encryption
mechanism that the San Bernardino
shooter had used months before the case
was dropped when the FBI hacked his
phone using an alternative method looks
like it's up to the tech giants and the
people of those respective countries to
decide if they stand on the side of
Liberty or on the side of security
