a new left-wing political movement has
been officially launched in Germany on
Tuesday it is called stand up and
pledges to reshape the country's
political landscape with more details
his Peter Oliver Ashton or stand up as
it translates to into English is a
cross-party left-wing initiative and its
forefront is the Left Party leader said
of vagon Kanak she's one of the most
prominent figures in left-wing politics
they're designed to win over voters that
perhaps have strayed from the the
traditional left in the recent past also
they're against the open border system
as it exists at the moment they've
promised what they call a real debate on
immigration perhaps more protection for
workers rights has been floated very
strongly as well the left is looking to
try and well get a hold of some of the
populism that seem people like
alternative for Germany saw up in the
polls what we experienced in Germany
right now is a solid crisis of democracy
there are a lot of people who don't feel
represented by our politicians our
government our politics who feel left
behind or turn away I am tired of
leaving the streets to pegida in the
right-wing because we can see that a lot
of people show up to the protests not
because they hate foreigners but because
they feel abandoned and left behind and
I don't want to leave those people in
the hands of such movements it's
understandable when you look at the per
current polls the very latest polls just
why they'd be looking to try and repeat
that alternative for Germany model a if
they have come in as the second largest
second most popular party in the most
recent polling if there was to be a
general election here in Germany on
Sunday well they would come second only
to Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic
Union and Christian Christian social
Union conglomerate there but things
aren't all rosy for alternative for
Germany at the moment there's being
calls for them to be investigated and
watched over by the bf vow that's the
determinate internal intelligence
service the equivalent of say
FBI in the United States or mi5 in the
United Kingdom this is over there links
to right-wing extremists or alleged
links to right-wing extremists the
alternative for Germany party themselves
though say that this is this is all
nonsense the call for the AFD to be
observed by the domestic intelligence
service is more than a desperate act by
the helpless older parties we're seeing
the desire for an abuse of power
unmatched in reunified Germany
interesting times on the horizon it
seems in German politics not just a
split between left and right when it
comes to the politicians but also as
we've seen in recent times on the
streets with demonstrations they split
within German society between the left
and the right plenty more to come on
this I'd imagine
you
