when it comes to Libya things went from
bad to worse years ago lawlessness and
Islamist insurgency warlords rival
governments duking it out and now again
the capital is in flames street battles
hundreds of criminals and prisoners just
broke out of jail their Europe of course
worried there's a lot at stake
migrants terrorism oil lots of oil
what's interesting though is that France
and Italy seem to be competing over
Libya take the French president who's
recently hosted a Libyan peace summit
and now wants an election one of the
crucial elements is the organization of
presidential and parliamentary elections
on December 10th 2018 thus it's a
commitment on the basis of this process
to fully and safely give their
sovereignty back to the Libyan people
and allow them to express it on this
date Italy on the other hand is in no
rush status quo is good enough Italy's
primary interest is to stabilize Libya
and to hold the presidential and
political elections with appropriate
guarantees we're in no hurry to have the
vote tomorrow or in November or in
December why hurry things are going well
business is going well any the Italian
oil giant is pumping the equivalent of
320 thousand barrels of oil a day in
Libya $78 per barrel that's roughly 25
million dollars a day in revenue French
oil behemoths totale not so good as of
2017 they were pumping out a tenth of
that in Libya ago the rush for elections
things could change real quick Libya
needs to build a national army under
civilian control with the participation
of all the forces that fight terrorism
across the country including those of
General huffed our general have to
leads the alternative libyan government
more importantly he has sway over more
than half the country has a real army
and controls vast oil reserves problem
is isn't recognized internationally so
he can't sell oil and the french car
drill unless he wins the election France
and Macau are pushing for elections they
want halifa half daughter the the sort
of strongman of Libya to be elected he
is close to France and France believes
that he will help French total displace
the Italian oil company in Libya Italy
has been the main actor in Libya this
since colonial times when Italy is very
worried that this will crack open the
immigration stream that another election
in December will only produce more
instability will reify the regional
splits and lead to greater chaos the
wonderful world of politics and money
seven years ago France and Italy were
amongst the loudest calling for the
overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi now with
Libya in ruins it's still game on vying
and competing political and bickering to
amongst other things get their share of
Libya's black gold
you
