a rise in child grooming incidents
there's force the country's Home
Secretary into action Sajid Javid has
vowed to look into the cultural drivers
of offenders in a new inquiry and said
he'll stop short at nothing to take
radical action against them
we know that in these recent
high-profile cases where people have
been convicted that those people are
disproportionately from a Pakistani
background I've instructed my officials
to explore the particular contexts and
characteristics of these types of gangs
and if the evidence suggests that there
are cultural factors that may be driving
this type of offending then I will take
action abuse cases have been on the app
for a number of years the city of rather
arm in central England's one of the
worst-hit with over a thousand child
victims Britain's National Crime Agency
says the overwhelming majority of
offenders are of Pakistani origin a
correspondent and I said sure can I
looks next into why West Minister is
flagging up these very sensitive cases
now UK Home Secretary Sajid Javid has
indeed announced a government inquiry
into what is being described as cultural
drivers into grooming gangs involved in
the sexual exploitation exploitation of
children and what specifically this
inquiry is going to be looking at are
the ethnic backgrounds and nationality
specifics of those potentially involved
in such cases and it has to be said that
the UK Home Secretary did in fact point
out the disproportionality of people of
Pakistani background involved in such
scenarios Java did say that he wouldn't
allow political correctness to stand in
the way of this investigation and that
there would be no such thing as any
no-go areas on this topic and of course
we have to keep in mind that this is a
topic that's extremely sensitive in the
UK given some of the fears that have
been going around of being deemed racist
if people raised those issues I think
there was a culture of not wanting to
rug the multicultural community boat you
finally put it like that what strikes me
about this whole debate is that we've
reached a point in this country and
possibly in the West
where we can't really talk in a relaxed
way about race so this woman write
something which a lot of people would
say as a statement of the bleedin
obvious and ends up losing the job among
others we have seen the case of Labour
MP Sarah champion who had essentially
had to step up her security following
death threats and faced calls to step
down even following her claims an
opinion that British Pakistani men were
raping and exploiting white girls so
clearly a sensitive issue but indeed a
very important one so we're going to be
watching closely what exactly this
inquiry ends up showing
you
