Germany's foreign ministers condemn
violent opposing rallies over migration
in the eastern city of chemnitz he's
accused far-right extremists of
capitalizing on the murder of a local
man to instigate unrest there a Europe
correspondent Peter olive has been
following what's going on German Foreign
Minister Heiko Maas has issued a
rallying cry against far-right
radicalism in the country who's speaking
after a week in which we've seen scenes
that at times turned violent in the city
of Chemnitz in the east of the country
he is joined by other politicians who
were unequivocal in saying that the
people of Germany must stand up to
far-right radicalism wherever they see
it be that in Chemnitz or anywhere else
in germany when today someone gives Nazi
salutes in our streets that's a disgrace
for our country we must get out from our
couches and speak up chemnitz government
is at the forefront of the movement
making clear that right-wing radicalism
has no place in this country the clashes
in Chemnitz was sparked after a 35 year
old German man was stabbed to death in
the city the two men being held in
custody as the main suspects are
understood to be migrants but we look at
the latest statistics that are out this
could have happened anywhere around the
country the numbers for last year show a
33 percent rise in closed murder cases
involving a non German citizen the core
case and one of those has just wrapped
up in the southwestern German city of
Candle on Monday a judge handed down an
eight and a half year jail sentence to a
man originally for Afghanistan for
stabbing to death a 15 year old girl at
the end of last year of those attending
far-right rallies like the ones we saw
in Chemnitz have been strongly
criticised by the likes of Heiko Maas
but the alternative for Germany party
the main opposition party in Germany
have also been criticized they organized
with the main demonstration at took
place in Chemnitz on Saturday however
while it been criticized by likes of
heiko mass the German Interior Minister
horse zaire Hoffa has said it's too soon
to point a finger of
aim at the whole of the AFD saying that
more investigation needed to be done of
course the authorities should look
closely at whether we're seeing personal
opinions or the party line when it comes
to statements or cooperation with
certain groups in my opinion at present
the situation doesn't warrant the
monitoring of the AFD party as a whole
chemnitz is back in focus on Monday
evening Nats as a rock pop concert
that's said to take place there will
feature a number of prominent
left-wing and anti capitalist acts
including those that in the past have
called on the police to the attacks now
this is caused controversy particularly
in the support it's being given from the
German President Frank falter Steinmeier
he's the predecessor to Heiko Maas as
foreign minister he's been criticized
for supporting this event saying he's
adding to the division that is growing
within Germany over the debate of how to
deal with refugees and migrants in the
country
you
