hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
assassination in the self-proclaimed
Republic of Donetsk and the ever
shifting political sands in Syria and
much much more on this edition of
crossfire
cross locking some real news i'm joined
by my guests here in moscow mark sloboda
he's an international affairs and
security analyst we also have dmitriy
Babbage he's a political analyst with
Sputnik International and in Athens we
cross to Alex rusev ro he's the director
and writer for the duran dot-com all
right gentlemen cross lock rules in
effect that means he can jump in and eat
ami one and I always appreciate it mark
let me go to you first here we had an
assassination of the leader of the
self-proclaimed Republic of Donetsk what
should we take away from that tragedy
yeah well first of all this was
obviously a decapitation attempted
decapitation strike it was not only
assassination it was a terrorist bombing
it was a car bomb parked outside a cafe
in Donetsk that killed not only the
Prime Minister but several other people
including a small child now the the
Prime Minister of Donetsk Alexander
Vladimirovich zaharchenko you know he
started life as a local boy he was a
coal mine engineer and electrician and
you know he raised up arms to defend the
don boss when the US you know the
western-backed pooch overthrew the
democratically elected ukrainian
government in 2014 and then began
sending its battalions and eventually
the Ukrainian military once it had
purged it and gotten control to try to
subjugate East Ukraine to their illegal
and unconstitutional seizure of power he
rose up through the ranks he was wounded
twice in combat he's the type of leader
that led from the front lines and he at
least successfully held the cities of
Donetsk and the areas around them he
regarded as a competent leader and
that's probably why the it seems to be
fairly obvious that the put regime in
Ukraine their intelligence services are
the ones who had him assassinated
because okay but what do they gain here
Dima what do they gain here what is what
was the purpose here I mean do to show
that these leaders in these breakaway
self-proclaimed Republic's are not safe
well first of course the idea of
authorities deny it
they say that it was all internal straw
if inside the nest People's Republic or
it was Russia they accused FSB but at
the same time they openly celebrate they
openly celebrate that this terrorist act
was successful we called for his
assassin exactly well I mean before one
of them Eagle Musa - who is a rather
member and who was an active participant
in mida just called on the special
services of Ukraine to say openly that
yes we killed him and we acted
legitimately because we call him a
terrorist
mashenka said I'm sorry just it's what
being quoted the God sees everything the
people like Zakharchenko will get their
due one after another okay let me go to
Alex in in Athens well if in fact the
Ukrainian authorities called for this
and did this assassination how in the
world should the people that dong in the
Donbass when I'm including Lugansk how
could what should there be their
perception of the leadership in can't be
I mean they're killing their own people
this this man was genuinely popular in
Donetsk yeah and and as Marcus noted
he's not the first assassination that
has taken place we've had Gibby Motorola
we've had many people who were involved
in the fighting that broke out years ago
who have been assassinated and we don't
know who's done it so this is not the
first time this has happened and it's
probably not to be the first time that
we're not gonna be able to understand
who exactly pulled this off but one
thing that I was looking at going
through the mainstream media Peter I saw
a lot of articles that place the blame
on three possibilities as Dima said
Russia in fighting or some Kiev rogue
forces some some rogue Rome yeah yeah no
one ever said that Kiev the government
of Kiev could have been behind this or
the SBU could have been behind this the
well I think I understand the logic of
Kiev if you look at history you know the
current deal regime traces its origin
back to the organization of Ukrainian
nationalists from the 1930s 1940s
Hitler's aids so they
organization was decapitated on Stalin's
orders Afghani konovalov their main
leader was assassinated in Europe in
1836 after that there was terrible in
fighting inside organization of
Ukrainian nationalists Banderas people
killed many links people and it became
about less capable to fight then it
could be expected before the German
invasion in 1941 so I think poroshenko
and his people being banderites by their
ideology the kind of transfer this kind
of psychology on their enemies they
expect real infighting in Donetsk after
zaharchenko
who was an undisputed leader is
assassinated they want a conflict in so
it's basically what Mark is saying
decapitating leadership this is the
oligarch poor shank of the us-backed
oligarch is not himself a banderite he
just has many people in positions of
authority power they did bring him into
power and there are many such figures in
the government look so harsh uncle was
genuinely popper in done boss what's
more he was a capable leader he was a
man's man and an intelligent one at that
the Minsk agreement is falling apart
and unfortunately the Russian government
tried to brush this off as an internal
Ukrainian affair and it threatens the
Minsk agreement for God's sake the Minsk
agreement is dead this was the final
final final final nail in the coffin of
the Minsk agreement he died of a
combination of you know a Ukrainian
probe and the right regime too much
appeasement and an excessively cutting
plans this is what came out in and in
Athens here well then it essentially
this is just putting into into stone
that this is a frozen conflict of them
that will not be resolved because I mean
if we if you don't have a partner to
talk with in the Minsk process is a dead
letter and I agree with market has been
a dead letter for a long time go ahead
Alex yeah this may be exactly what what
the
government in Ukraine wants for the
peace process for any kind of
reconciliation to not move along and
that's why you're seeing so many
assassinations I repeat this is not the
first assassination so I mean this is
this is extremely troubling to see this
but no one is coming out in condemnation
of the Kiev government cuz this is
happening at the behest of the Kiev
government and one more note Peter real
quick on social media this story's
getting suppressed I've been doing some
research I've been doing some posts of
videos and other things and I'm seeing
that the algorithms are flagging
anything that you're posting on YouTube
on Facebook to de monetize it before it
even gets published before they even
know what it is that you're saying in
the video is fascinating monetizing this
fascinating mark yeah they had to get
rid of a figure like zaharchenko if
there was ever any political process to
reunify Ukraine between the u.s.
back-porch government and the and the
russian-backed Donbass region if you put
a corrupt figure like poroshenko on the
same stage to debate what has happened
in the Ukraine since the 2014 push with
a figure like zaharchenko that was it
that would be it you would see the
regime completely unravel and and a
figure like zaharchenko would completely
dominate and crush anyone like
poroshenko in any type of little today
this is just an extension of no dialogue
no compromise surrender and that's it I
mean this this is their mindset it's
just facts one important fact there is a
harsh and code signature add to Minsk
agreements formally these were
agreements between France Germany Russia
France Germany Ukraine Russia is not
mentioned in the Minsk agreements and
the Hutchins camp at Nitschke the leader
of the Google at the time they kind of
there were witnesses to it and their
signatures are also there so they
basically killed one of the persons who
was a participant in the Minsk
agreements and and what is very
important is that the Minsk process the
last time they had a meeting in the
so-called Normandy format was last
August exactly a year ago after that
we've had
now the form of dialogue there was the
Russian you know presidential aides
largest well Zhukov meeting Kurt Volker
in in Belgrade that stopped in January
this year for eight months there was
basically no dialogue except some work
in meetings in Minsk now after this
assassination we got some very strong
language from President Putin he called
it a terrorist act a treacherous
terrorist act
the spokeswoman for certain foreign
ministry said that the West was behind
it
not on the not only the West was behind
the Ukrainian regime and the Ukrainian
regime what education the resume
compacted the Alex and in Athens I mean
it's really quite interesting is it
first of all we you had the poroshenko
and his cronies made it pretty well
known that they were anti-trump during
the u.s. presidential campaign you have
basically silence coming out of the EU
they have their playful with their own
internal problems here they've
essentially abandoned
Ukraine at least overtly is is
poroshenko or people around him trying
to force something trying to get things
back and get them back on the map as it
were politically to get the attention of
these other players yeah I mean they're
obviously not moving towards
reconciliation and they're moving
towards conflict and it's no secret like
you said Peter that Ukraine was actively
involved in helping Hillary Clinton and
Trump knows that and Trump does not care
about Ukraine and the EU does not care
about Ukraine either but the EU did
remain silent on this I least expected
Germany France at least to issue some
sort of statement or condemnation the
hypocrisy is is terrible it's it's
incredible what's going on mark yeah
Trump may not like the government in
Ukraine but in a further sign that Trump
has no control of his foreign and
military policy the day after the
assassination and terrorist bombing the
US envoy to Ukraine Volker announced
that the US was ready to send more
military aid clearly sending a signal of
approval for this assassination
and that the Ukrainian regime should
continue in this you know manner of
assassinating you know its own citizen
and its opponents our condolences to his
wife his widowed wife and four sons that
he leaves behind the people of Donbass
and all the people of Ukraine because
they have lost the truly competent and
respected this has just created a
greater divide if that could even be
possible here killing killing a very
popular leader
alright gentlemen on this note here I
have to jump in here we're gonna go to a
short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on some
real news stay with arty welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter Lavelle to remind
you were discussing some real news
okay I'd like to go back to Alex in
Athens let's shift gears and talk about
Syria looking through the pages of the
Washington Post not because I like
reading it because I have to for this
program we have David Ignatius writing
about Syria and he's quoting an
administration official I suppose we
could all play a little game who it is I
think I know who it is but the official
said to Ignatius right now our job is to
help create Quagmire's parentheses for
Russia and the Syrian regime and
parentheses until we get what we want
well that's that's really
straightforward isn't it that does
nothing much to do with diplomacy
whatsoever it's out making sure that the
the conflict the international proxy war
that is being played out in Syria that
is coming down winding down because of
the efforts of Syria and its allies
including Russia it shows the true
intentions of the real true colors of
the of the the deep state at least in
their approach to Syria go ahead Alex
yeah it's a it's a disgusting statement
but it's not very surprising either I
think the worst kept secret right now
Peter is that there's going to be some
sort of chemical attack ad-lib sponsored
by the white helmets al Qaeda or Isis
but obviously no one is reporting on
this either no matter how much the
alternative media yeah us here are
screaming about what's going on the
Russian Ministry of Defense everyone is
talking about the delicate situation it
ended the war ships moving in the US
warships moving in the statements from
the UK from the u.s. from France that
they will attack Syria if there is a
chemical weapons attack it's I mean it's
so belligerent what's going on right now
they just cannot let it go they cannot
accept that Assad has what the war is
about to win the war they can't accept
this you know you know mark I again it's
not my passion to read The Washington
Post
and it isn't my passion to watch CNN and
MSNBC or the BBC there's hardly a word
about this but as Alex Christopher
pointed out in the alternative media
this is one of the biggest hottest
topics out there but in the mainstream
it's invisible well I mean just look at
the title of days of ignatius article
how to staunch sear
areas bloody final well first of all
it's not the final showdown because the
Syrian government still has the the
Turkish and American invasions in East
and North Syria to deal with but you say
how to staunch the wounds and then you
talk about creating as many Quagmire's
ie bloody conflicts as possible right
until they get the regime change that
they want you know in the article he
goes on to talking about US has enduring
interests in Syria beyond killing
Islamic state terrorists no you don't
you have no legitimate those interests
were I mean Dima I mean this is again
this is the people like John Bolton that
want to kill as many birds with one
stone as possible certainly doesn't want
to stable Syria under the leadership of
Assad would love to give the Russians of
bloody nose and to force Iran out of
Syria but none of those things are going
to happen well I like the way anti-war
thought computed they wrote that the US
wants a dominant position in post-war
negotiations that's why the u.s. keeps
born in Damascus not to attack Italy
because Italy is the last stronghold of
the Islamists so but look
Iraq Iraq if we believe Zero Hedge at
Tyler Durden who wrote an article for
them Iraq is now having probably Iranian
missiles moved to it you know the proxy
advice Iraq has allowed the Russian
aviation through its territory in 2015
when Russia finally got involved in in
fighting the terrorists in Syria so
where did all the money go you know so
much money was pumped into occupy and
reform in Iraq so many people killed and
it's because team of the Barbican up an
excellent point here we there are
reports that Iran is moving certain
types of missiles with the permission
into the rack but with the permission of
the Iraqi government obviously but you
know if we could tie that in the policy
that is being announced in indirectly to
the Washington Post is it where's the
learning curve with these people I think
the whole point of going into Iraq was
to limit Iranian influence in the region
okay now what we have I mean it's the
same people making the same bad
decisions and it always ends badly but
nobody loses their job no one loses
their job at The Washington Post go
ahead Alex lose their job they get
promoted Peter some of them are sitting
right next to trump and they have
Trump's here when it comes to foreign
policy they maybe even running the
foreign policy of Trump and and I mean
it all goes back mean how can we not
forget George Bush mission accomplished
in Iraq and now you see what's happening
today with Iraq today with Syria and
we're hearing the war drums now with
Iran the same thing over and over rinse
and repeat and now the the target is a
run so all this news coming out about
Iran whether it's missiles to Iraq
whether it's anything else it's all
about to quote the deceased John McCain
Bob Bob Iran this is where we're heading
war with the run the geopolitical idiocy
of this and the cultural agency is just
amazing you invade and regime change
Iraq remove Saddam Hussein and you get a
Shia majority democratic Iraq that makes
allies with Iran and invites them to
bring missiles into its own country why
not the USS missiles all over the world
this short-range ballistic missile and
Iraq was given its rich sovereignty back
bombing we by the Coalition of the
Willing
you know these missiles are you know our
short range of 200 to 700 kilometers
they're just enough to hit Riyadh tel
aviv and the US military bases in qatar
and elsewhere in the Middle East if the
u.s. launches an attack on Iran and
that's exactly what they're there for as
a backup measure and why shouldn't Iraq
allow it their allies with Iran and you
know they're complaining now about Iran
Ian's in Syria well there weren't any
Iranians in this area
you fund half the jihad ease in the
world to try to overthrow the Syrian
government now the Iranians are in Syria
invited legally by the Syrian you know
in event you don't get to decide who
Syria's allies sort of bought Dima just
a few short years ago I mean the the
Israelis worried about Iranians on
illegally occupied Golan okay that
wasn't even conceivable a few years ago
now that's one of their major concerns
come on it's really remarkable every
time they go after Iran in one form or
another it ends in failure for them and
by default it increases the influence of
ran has actually it actually that's a
few very few resources to expand its
influence yes does it for it I think the
neo cons in the US government should be
in dicted for treason for help spreading
Iranian influence across the Middle East
it's true just a few years ago I'm sorry
Boeing Heights was a quiet backwater
tourists were taken there from Jerusalem
because it was so safe you know no one
could imagine any real military action
there but also look at what happened in
general after these neo cons and neo
Liberals after they had their operation
in Syria they didn't topple a slightly
dissident Syrian regime which was not
fairly anti Western Assad geared Syrian
economy to the EU you know he was trying
to be friends he was a darling of
reformer yes so they they didn't topple
that regime which was not really an
enemy but they lost a much more
important than why there was Turkey
which is now a real dissident inside
NATO you know and the relations are very
bad between Washington and Ankara
so they mess it up every time they want
to make it better okay in the United
States US Treasurys done remarkable
things for the Turkish lira let me go
back to Alexander I want to go back to
this quote here right now it is our job
to help create Quagmire's until we get
what we want that's really remarkable
because usually when there's the regime
change mantra is it we want regime
change and then you deploy some kind of
military arsenal an army and planes in
this
it's reverse they've got there on the
ground now and there's cert in search of
a mission
Quagmire's that is plural okay
mischief go ahead in search of a mission
and until they get what they want it
reminds me of exactly what's happening
inside the u.s. the same people that are
upset that Trump won and Hillary laws
and they're they're going through the
motions until they get what they want
it's this is it's the same story they
just cannot handle when things don't go
their way even though the policies that
they set forth whether its domestic or
foreign are just moronic I mean they're
getting ever more the way they want them
to move and now just like you see in the
u.s. they're trying to remove Trump
they're trying to find find the crime
that he didn't remove so they get what
they want the same thing for Syria until
they get what they want they just
brilliant tonight just this week at the
same time we were presented with the
perfect example of such a quagmire the
Russian Ministry of Defense that
announced that it had stopped a
terrorist attack on Palmyra they
captured two of the people responsible
these militants openly admitted their
their FSA affiliated they were planning
bombings in Palmyra the Lions of the
desert they say they were trained by the
u.s. at the Altaf us occupied military
base in South Syria they were trained
armed and salaried there to provide
terrorist attacks within Syria itself
the type of quagmire wasn't I didn't
read that in The Washington Post mark
what I actually was intruders but
writers you know Dima I tend to think
that people in in in the mainstream
media and in the deep State they've
they've forgotten the fear I mean I
guess I'm the oldest one here of nuclear
nuclear conflict well I mean but they
now they want to go toe-to-toe I it
seems to me that they really want to
give Russia a bloody nose in Syria and
this is one of the things they can't let
go well they they want to give Russia
bloody notes in so many places why
not only in Syria not only in Ukraine
you know just recently the Canadian
Prime Minister announced that he would
increase the Canadian contingent in
enlarged wear of all the places by 100
men
why because Russia is so dangerous and
they want to give Russia a bloody nose
there in the Baltics that's right but I
think Alastair crook put it in the best
possible way here here is a quote from
him sanctioning the world the u.s. is
inadvertently creating multipolar ISM
and of course then that summarizes what
what Mark has just said and probably all
these people who plan sanctions you know
who organized attacks or insurgencies
like in Syria they should be given
medals by future historians for for
promoting multipotent by their own using
the dollar as a political weapon is
destroying the value of the dollar trust
people having the dollar again the law
of unintended consequences gentlemen
gonna jump in here many thanks with my
guests here in Moscow and in Athens this
is the end of our broadcast segment stay
with us for our extended version on our
YouTube channel see you next time and
remember crosstalk whoops
now for the extended version of our
program where we have political
potpourri all right Alex crucifer in
Athens you're up to bat well I mean the
of all the media outlets the New York
Times reported that there is
conservative uprising at Facebook and
now the past couple of weeks we've all
known that the the social media
landscape has been under fire because
they are surprisingly very neo liberal
left-leaning I don't want to say
left-leaning completely because they are
also banning progressives as well but
they are banning and mass conservative
and conservative write pages and
channels and all of a sudden you had
Trump weighing in and here's the Trump
effect Trump weighs in on the matter he
sends a warning to Google and to
Facebook that he quote unquote does not
like it and all of a sudden it seems
like you've you've given the employees
who are conservative Facebook because
I'm sure out of all the tens of thousand
employees they do have conservatives
some who are working at face absolutely
and they're getting together they're
getting together and they're forming of
all things a Facebook group a Facebook
page to voice their grievances to say
you know what that's conservatives we
are being discriminated and so I mean
it's just a fascinating turn of events
know it so you give may believe in
freedom of speech as long as you have
the right speech okay then you're
falling here okay mark any thoughts on
there yeah I do the same thing for
actual leftists vice liberals on you
know that surely there must be a few of
them working at Facebook as well because
we've seen tell us or lose its pages the
attacks on the Empire Falls with with
Abby Martin and and we've seen Craig
Murray that you know the British
diplomat have you know all of his
archives deleted arches huge at the same
time Peter Van Buren has been removed
from Twitter and Twitter is now
promising a feature to suggest to its
followers which news pages they ought to
unsubscribe from thanks for the advice
there
because I really needed to know you know
politically I don't know in the case of
Facebook what the Atlantic Council
thinks I shouldn't be reading wow it's
hot hire big brother to help you out
here okay do you know what's on your
mind well I mean we had this Coubertin
toriel you know preparations for the
gubernatorial election in Florida and it
looks like one candidate endorsed by
Trump yeah and the other candidate is
endorsed by Bernie Sanders well I won't
go into American politics you guys know
that much better but what is interesting
about Bernie Sanders is that he believes
in the Russia collusion story and he
doesn't protest again if you think he
really believes that residence doesn't
have the courage to stand up and say
it's not so basically this election was
stolen from him if it was stolen from
anyone it was stolen by a DNC you know
he obviously could easily give it would
give the Clinton a part of the party
another reason to push Bernie out
because he's in Putin's pocket I don't
think I don't believe Bernie Sanders
isn't actually in the Democratic Party
well he was a Democrat when Bernie
Sanders says that he believes in the
Russian collusion well the Russian
liberals living in the United States who
would believe that Putin needs babies
you know who would believe anything
negative about Putin one of them
constantly Iranian professor in Chicago
University wrote recently that he didn't
believe in the Russian cover story he
wrote it like that I still don't see a
mechanism through which an operation run
by thirteen people from st. Petersburg
on a five million dollar scale can
seriously affect the outcome of a
campaign in which one side spent six
hundred million and the other spent more
than 1 billion well this is like an
early Jesuit saying I still don't see
how out of the fair makes heretics
better persons if if the custodian is
saying that then obviously you need to
be really really stupid or cynical to
believe in the Russian could Alex here I
mean III I'm following the governor's
race in Florida because it's it's it's
basically Bernie bros for
is that the the Trump people I mean this
is kind of a what it could have been in
2016 if Bernie Sanders hadn't been
cheated out of the nomination here do I
think it's possible to elect a socialist
in Florida but I don't think a socialist
would be able to govern
go ahead Alex yeah I think he's Gilliam
is without a doubt a long shot but the
unsurprising thing that we've seen is
that this race obviously will not be run
on policy and because of what the Santos
said the other day when he said you know
monkey it up he said those those those
terms all of a sudden it became once
again about identity politics first you
signaling yeah so I don't think once
again I think we're going to move away
from policy and what can be done to
better Florida and to better the
citizens of Florida it's going to be a
race played on identity politics and and
that's a shame it's it's the way all
race is now in the US for government are
being played and the Democrats play that
very very well what do you think might
and don't monkey it up okay I know what
that term means that I was brought up
with that term I don't understand well
of course I understand why the liberal
media reacted the waited because they're
all triggered all the time but I'm not
interested in the identity politics in
the US but what I am interested in is
this is the same phenomenon across the
West that we have been talking about via
in the France the United Kingdom and
Italy in the u.s. it's happening again
you had two elitist establishment
candidates despite all the polls right
and once again we have evidence that the
polls are wrong dead wrong right because
the polls were all wrong on this too
anti-establishment populist left
populist right we'll call it people's
left in people's right defeated too
elitist establishment candidates again
and this is the Florida gubernatorial
primaries showing once again you know
that people are tired of this
triangulated centrist neoliberal
politics that have so little difference
between metallics is right I mean I
think you and your premise
is spot-on but what they're the
establishment parties and politicians is
they turned it into identity politics
where there is no discussion of policy
or demon well I think I know why people
are you know fed up with politics as
usual you know at the funeral of McCain
George Bush the junior and Obama said
that McCain made them better presence
well you know I leave our viewers to
decide whom you have to be for John
McCain out of all the people in the
world to make you a better poet did help
them drop more bombs on me I think what
was most pathetic about the funeral is
it is this the only bipartisan issue the
establishment has is war that's it I
can't think of any other issue Alex you
want to jump in there go ahead yeah can
I say something that with the funeral
that happened for John McCain and for
Aretha Franklin both funerals they
turned into anti Trump rallies both of
them it was it was unbelievable to watch
and and for two three four hours the
main focus of attention was not McCain
or Aretha Franklin or any of the people
passed away it was Trump it was war
continued during even even a funeral
yeah trumped arrangements I know Jeremy
Corbyn get real quick okay there is a
truly disgusting and and really really
pathetically low
smear campaign going to try to prevent
the Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn to
try to dethrone him once again this is
the up team time the New Labour and its
allies are trying to you know to
dethrone him to prevent him from
becoming Prime Minister because of the
changes he would make certainly to
foreign policy this is that he's
pro-palestinian which is painted by the
Liberals as being a continue right if
you say that you're against scientists
you're against Zionists there are
Zionists who are Jews and there are
Zionists who are not Jews
and there are plenty of Jews out there
in the world who are not Zionists quite
clearly Corbin and these are the what
you know words are used come he says
anti Zionist but he means anti Jewish no
it's not race right and first of all as
far as I'm concerned
as far as I'm aware the Palestinian
people are Semites too but I mean that's
getting a little nitpicky I guess it
being anti Zionist no matter how much
you try to want to make it it's not a
matter of being anti-racist anti-jewish
or anything like that be honest if
you're gonna try to smear him at least
admit that you're doing it because he
has a policy against Zionist regime in
Israel that is occupying an ethnic
cleansing and mass murdering and
Palestine say say we're openly anti with
their anti-semitic if you count the
Palestinians it's traumatic or we're
openly anti-arab because that's really
what it's about and so this is I mean
what's fascinating about it is this this
there's a witch-hunt against Trump in
the United States by the establishment
and there's this witch hunt in the UK
against the most ardent anti-zionists
and protectors of Palestinian rights are
Jews yeah they are the most active I
want to talk about design is there more
for Christian Zionists in the United
States than Zionist Jews in the world
mechanical Christians you know literally
believing in the biblical prophecies
many other currents a lot more radical
on on supporting Zionism then a lot of
Jewish organizations so a lot of
Israelis and then a lot of is terrified
of change okay all right gentlemen
that's all the time we've had here I
hope you enjoyed our extended version of
our program and we'll see you next time
remember Rostock rolls
