you know this nerve we said sis thank
God Wow
you might deserve a garage
along her trajectory at an ever higher
velocity 787 8-0 tons of push and push
we have she's burning five tonnes of
fuel every second miss in
Friedrichshafen to our industrial
partners ISA including wait for you on
us to come back and tell us his
reactions sky is clear you should be
able to see separation of the booster
maybe the separation of the fairing
we'll find out momentarily
Maryann five now following the program
broadcast on the internet we hope you
are enjoying it we are in the first of
four flight phases the verse three are
powered and will describe each in turn
so you can follow right now the first
flight phase the single first stage
engine and the two boosters are burning
the boosters will each consume there are
240 tons in storage just about 10
seconds they will be the first to be
extinguished and you'll hear that from
the DDO but you'll see that on the
screen you'll see the flame out you see
the Boosters that's what looks like up
there there's another booster on the
port side of course out of
you
