Donald Trump has accused Google of bias
the president claimed only negative
coverage about him was being promoted
and he vowed to take action google
search results for Trump news shows only
the viewing reporting of fake news media
in other words they have it rigged for
me and others so that almost all stories
and news is bad fake CNN is prominent
Republican conservative and fair media
is shut out illegal 96% of results on
Trump news from national left-wing media
very dangerous Google and others are
suppressing voices of conservatives and
hiding information and news that is good
they are controlling what we can on
cannot see this is a very serious
situation will be addressed at the White
House has not yet given any response to
the issue although we did ask for
comments that's despite Trump's
accusations attracting plenty of media
attention it's not the first time of
course the tech giant's search system
has come under fire research and studies
have shown google can alter results of
for its users also google itself
admitted automatic algorithms can
sometimes have issues since they're
created by inherently biased humans well
google has addressed that trump's
accusations claiming there's no
political agenda to its search engine
and its results are not biased towards
any political ideology let's go live now
for two political and media analysts
lionel for more on this next for joining
us sir good to have you on as always
what do you make of Trump's claims I
mean he's got a reputation for saying
some pretty outrageous things here is he
making too much of a deal or as a system
actually rigged against him well there's
a more interesting question not that
that's not interesting but let's assume
arguendo that everything he's saying is
true that everything is biased that that
the same amount of filter metrics are
Mis applied or applied differently for
one particular ideology or another let's
just assume that to be true the next
issue is what duty does a
a search engine have what legal
jurisdiction does anybody have to
enforce or to change that and is there
is this merely somebody just accepting
or addressing or adopting a particular
phraseology or or frame of reference now
in the United States when it came to the
airwaves since 1949 there's always been
this attempt at making traditional
airwaves fair through the Fairness
Doctrine and its later iterations so the
question that people have is not whether
if it's true or not but assuming that's
true assuming that there is absolutely
bias what jurisdiction does the
government have what can be done and is
this a new a new arena do these massive
social media platforms represent and
achieve a place in history that is
heretofore unknown where the old days we
would have newspapers or we would have
in an individual media source this isn't
this is a library
it's an international means of sourcing
data in some cases the only information
that that people have may give an
analogy let's assume I own a company
that makes a particular type of and that
ink is used in 95% of all newspapers
when newspapers were popular and I
decide not to sell to certain newspapers
because they may not like their content
could anybody claim that I a private
citizen and interfering with the first
minute expression which normally is
allowed only that protection by the
government or is it so enormous do I
have a position that's different than
others it makes a good an interesting
point Lionel because Google of course
claims it never acts results according
to their political bias but in fact just
last autumn it said it's going to
de-rank
our website despite doing that which is
also interesting isn't it well I have
there's different ways it's interesting
the methodology
d ranking shelving shadow banning
algorithms if I have a library and I put
your book and a part of the library that
nobody ever knows about in the basement
that nobody has access to but I say now
let's here in the library we have it
nobody's ever seen it nobody has access
to it you know we're getting into again
a new world the law always lags behind
technology nobody the drafters of our
Constitution the Bill of Rights never
imagined that we would have this so if I
for example say let's say the opposite
rather than D ranking you let's say I am
so in love theoretically assuming
arguendo with your particular ideology
that I push you and I can type in
anything wisdom your name comes up
brilliant
your name comes up well that's a
positive type of bias and that's another
aspect of this is that as pernicious but
what's gonna be interesting to see is
how the chords deal with this and how
the international community does is and
are these organizations so great and so
large and so rub the naggy and in their
colossal size that that trade agreements
or trade considerations can't be
implemented it's gonna be fascinating to
see
you
