the last stronghold of rebel and terror
groups in Syria the northern province of
Eid Lib is right now surrounded by the
Syrian army with a decisive battle
looming civilians are fleeing the area
through humanitarian corridors set up by
the Syrian government and Russia
the militants were holding us as
hostages but it was cold in our common
winter and deadly hot and summer this
humanitarian corridor is our salvation
I am from Italy conditions were dire
there
the militants don't let anyone go we
escaped with just the clothes on our
backs
ethology honest the main illnesses here
are respiratory infections gastric
distress and arthritis we give people
medicine recommendations and refer them
to hospital if necessary
controlling Italy biz militant group
Hyatt Tahrir al sham formerly known as
Al nusra or as Al Qaeda in Syria the
group is viewed by Russia and America as
a terrorist organization and has carried
out a number of atrocities the group
chief has warned of all other factions
against taking part in any talks with
Damascus our weapons are the source of
our strength and honor thinking about
surrendering to the enemy and handing
over weapons will be considered treason
the Syrian army meanwhile is sending
reinforcements to eat live such as a
tanks artillery and other military
equipment officers say their troops are
ready for the final battle against
militants but as of right now they're
waiting for the order
now's tensions mountainy lib the Russian
center for Syrian reconciliation says
it's received intelligence on the
delivery of toxic substances to the
province with the help of the white
helmets to later be used in staging a
false flag attack Russia has previously
warned that militants are preparing to
stage a chemical attack and the issue
has been the subject of heated debate at
the UN Security Council Syrian Armed
Forces have no chemical weapons and no
plans to use them there is no military
necessity for it we've said this many
times before it is not enough for the
Russians to assert that the Syrians have
no chemical weapons there are very many
inaccuracies and inconsistencies
Luud sensible people will not use
militarily useless means to draw the
fire of three powerful countries upon
themselves we have no information about
clothing being delivered and therefore
if the Russian ministry does have that
the most probable explanation is that it
is a pre-emptive attempt to set the
agenda and the narrative for an
appalling attack to can be considered as
an invitation to the armed rebel groups
to stage another chemical attacks as
they did in eastern good Duma it's very
clear to us and our partners that this
is an effort to distract from an
imminent attack on it lip artis maracas
deer has more on how the involvement of
the international community in the
Syrian war has made the potential
escalation an extremely risky scenario
in Lib is shaping up to be the end our
last showdown between jihadists and the
Syrian army it is the last remaining
stronghold of Islamists and rebels
what's worse is the foreign power
buildup in the region
out of the blue us cruise missile
delivery systems guided missile
destroyers strategic bombers a rebasing
and dropping anchor near Syria days
after the US and its allies warned that
take action if chemical weapons are used
by Assad as we have demonstrated we will
respond appropriately
- any further use of chemical weapons by
the Syrian regime and Russia which is
beefing up its own presence warns that
it's the easily mists that are planning
just that the US continues to expand its
presence of cruise missile carriers in
the Middle East which is connected to
the preparations for another false flag
incident allegedly involving chemical
weapons Russian reports of a US military
buildup in the eastern medicine
andah it's not true that does not mean
however that we're unprepared to respond
should the president direct such an
action the United States denies building
up its forces but says it's ready to
attack Syria if need be the good news is
that Russia and the United States are
also apparently in talks to prevent any
potential use of chemical weapons but
the danger remains the worst case
scenario an international escalation
militarily the rebels stand little
chance against the Syrian army what
could save them is a foreign
intervention caused by for example a
staged chemical attack
that is what happened last time say the
Russians a staged incident in Goethe
that led to a u.s. French and British
cruise missile barrage against Syria
this time what with the military build
up the stakes and risks of an escalation
will be much higher but it hasn't begun
yet there will be a big conference on
Friday but chances of a peaceful
resolution look slim the Russian
reconciliation centre has been trying to
broker a deal but the jihadists remain
defiant once the war is that there as
many as 2 million civilians in Italy
trapped between jihadists and the Syrian
army
if talks fall through if chemical
weapons are used if this battle drags on
civilian casualties will soar not to
mention the danger of an international
escalation an escalation is imminent how
that develops we don't know whether it
goes very fierce in the form of a very
fierce confrontation between jihad on
Ostra on one side and its allies and
Syrian army and its allies on the other
side we don't know we hope that it goes
as it went in other areas like most
recently in Daraa in southern Syria
where the faction leaders understand
that this is a force they cannot compete
with or fight effectively and they say
if their people and their city is a lot
of destruction and death so in that case
you know people could go back to under
government control as soon as possible
and to normality basically and as soon
as possible and we understand that many
of them are hoping to achieve such a
feat
you
