clean your room pay the bills and yep on
top of it look after your cat - they're
just some of the strict new house rules
being imposed on julian assange while
he's a living guest still of course so
many years now at the Ecuadorian Embassy
in London but the WikiLeaks founder says
those rules violate his human rights so
he's going to sue the Ecuadorian
government which has been sheltering him
for the last six years now WikiLeaks has
confirmed that a lawyer has filed a case
against Ecuador Assange had his internet
access cut off several months ago it's
been partially restored this week has to
be said
Eduardo's are also blocked meetings
between Assange and his lawyers
journalists and human rights groups
now he's subjected to what's known as
special protocol and some particularly
stringent housekeeping to boot
during the sought asylum from Ecuador
when Swedish prosecutors filed rate
charges against me you may have call in
2012 they were eventually suspended
those charges but Assange remains stuck
in the embassy because he's wanted by
British police for skipping bail his
ultimate fear is that he'd be extradited
to the US for leaking details of
civilian deaths in the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan human rights activist Peter
Tatchell thinks the new rules are
designed to encourage Assange to leave
that embassy these special protocols
which are quite extraordinary
are directly a response to the pressure
that the Ecuadorians are facing from the
United States all of these rules are
arbitrary with no right of appeal
during Assange is an Ecuadorian citizen
he was driving citizenship he has the
rights of an Aquarian citizen which
includes freedom of expression and
freedom of association so quite clearly
what Ecuador is doing to Julian Assange
is in violation of its own laws and own
constitution this kind of restriction is
enough to drive someone to a mental
breakdown and perhaps that is the
intention to make life so unbearable for
during Assange that he will voluntarily
decide to leave that's the way I think
most people including people in the
human rights community are reading it
this is basically an ultimatum to Julian
Assange
you
