a German mother has sparked controversy
by posting a video on Facebook after
finding out that her son was one of only
two German children in his kindergarten
in the city of Essen in it she says he
feels like a foreigner in Papa - owners
and Philmont son says Kim there are 25
children in my son's group two of them
speak German the others don't speak
German at all
is it integration if 23 children have
fun with each other while my son doesn't
understand them and can't find any way
to connect with them
is it integration if my son has to adapt
to them my son and I feel like
foreigners here is that what she wants
dear politicians is this integration
that other children seemly don't have to
adapt because they understand each other
and now my son has to adapt to these
other children this is not integration
dear politicians the parents is Mohammed
or Ali or whatever they are called do
not have to complain she also stressed
that she's not blaming the children in
the daycare center or their parents for
the situation later she apologized for
her comments but decided not to delete
the video because it did end up going
viral truly cabbage nish mcourser I
didn't expect such a storm of reactions
I made this video at a very emotional
moment I just wanted to share my
frustration and never expected 2 million
people to watch it I can only speak for
myself it's a big problem in my city but
many people have written to me and I
learned that it's a countrywide problem
it's not just regional of course I
believe that integration is very
important but my son has no opportunity
to develop he should speak more German
adapt to her culture and it doesn't work
when there are almost no Germans the
city has set this group up and mixed the
children incorrectly and as a result
will end up with lost children no one
speaks German no one can integrate and
this loss is on both sides I can see it
in my son officials from the SN
kindergarten said that this is a special
additional group created by the city due
to the lack of places in kindergartens
German they insist is still a common
language and children just need time to
adapt
earlier we spoke to be on Thomas oli
from Germany's her Left Party he thinks
that the mother should look at the
a situation from another angle and
consider it as an advantage for her son
she has a very narrow minded approach
and I don't want to judge her but I
don't know whether she has experienced
other cultures and I think that's where
her son who's going to this kindergarten
has an advantage because he gets to know
other cultures and other languages at an
early age that an opportunity that she
apparently didn't get that's not only
children in kindergarten this educators
German educators as well and it's their
role to teach the children German
language and German culture but I think
children can also learn from each other
nowadays in Germany we're not a country
where only one language is spoken in the
streets and where we only have one
culture and one cuisine we have all
different kinds of cultures and in 20
years when those children will be
participating in the labor market things
will have changed even more
you
