Palestine solidarity activists from
Norway has been hit twice by Israeli
rubber bullets in the space of just a
week Kristen Voss was hit in the abdomen
and then an ankle during demonstrations
in a West Bank village she managed to
capture one of those Internet's on
camera and says at the time she was
holding her hands in the air Kristen
Foss joined protests in the West Bank
village of Khafre kaboom its residents
are calling for the reopening of the
direct road leading to their farmland it
was blocked 15 years ago to allow the
expansion of the Israeli settlement of
cardamom villagers have been
demonstrating every week for around a
decade now the Israeli Defense Forces
told RT the woman had been standing
among rioters at the time who'd been
violent towards them they said they will
investigate the incident well let's say
get more details now from Kristen Foss
herself that Norwegian human rights
activist Kristen thanks for joining us
today good to have you on the program
it's obviously a very volatile situation
in the West Bank of the protests going
on
did you realize there would be a big
risk of going there when you join the
protests
I've been to the protests five four or
five on four or five previous occasions
so I knew they would be firing
rubber-coated steel bullets and see
against which they had before but I
always states to the side or at the back
of the demonstrations and there as an
observer to to witness what is happening
say but of course there is a risk when
attending anything that's where the IDF
is but on this particular occasion it
had time died down there was no stain
framing there's no shooting it was quiet
and then me and Icelandic colleague we
were asked by an elderly Palestinian man
if he could accompany him to get his car
back that the Israelis had taken as an
economic shield so they had it in front
of them and as I said there was nothing
happening at the moment so he decided to
go with him and leave her approaching
that idea me and Anna with our hands in
the air and the post Indian man he
walked a little bit faster than us so he
reached him and me held back and I think
you can see very clearly from the shadow
that I got my hands in the air
filming and there's no one around me
then they shot me and no idea I really
can imagine that they would shoot an
unarmed human rights activists who
clearly pose no threat whatsoever that's
I did not to mention I mean from your
story from what you're saying it sounds
like you were quite isolated there
wasn't a situation with a big crowd at
cetera as you say you had your your
hands in the air I mean in your opinion
do you think you were targeted
deliberately in that case
I think quite obviously like I can like
I say in the shadow you can see that
there is no one around me I think you
can also hear it so it's literally just
me and Icelandic woman standing next to
each other in the middle of the road the
Palestinian demonstrators must have been
at least 2030 meters behind us up
against the wall doing nothing and then
the Israelis 2030 meters in front of us
when they shot me and they say that
themselves they know where every bullet
lands so yes I am absolutely sure they
shot me on purpose and just in terms of
your injuries I can see a photo of you
with your ankle in it in a cast I mean
how dangerous are these rubber bullets
that you were hit with they are deadly
if they if they hit the head and another
person from Africa doom he was hitting I
had not so long ago and he lost the
sight in one eye and he's also unable to
close his jaw so they can be deadly
the Norwegian foreign ministry they've
said it is asked the idea for an
explanation do you think it will lead to
any sort of response or action from from
the IDF no and I was actually in an
interview with NBC earlier today and
they told me their IDF is now saying
that I've been throwing rocks so it's
getting a little bit ridiculous really
and just why are international activists
like yourself joining Palestinians in
their protest despite the the very
obvious risks
it's not that we joining them but we are
here to show solidarity and also they
don't get any coverage just in katha
kaadu I think it's nearly a hundred
people have been shot with live
ammunition over the years hundreds have
been shot by these bullets that I was
shot with they've been tear-gassed
they've had skunk water into their
houses but they're not getting any
attention we are here to witness what is
happening and share it with the world
and hopefully someone someone will you
know put some attention on them this
situation for them is unattainable
they've been doing this every Friday and
now Saturday's as well for seven years
for seven years they're being shot at
they're being tear gassed the skunk
water if our governments aren't doing
anything it's up to people like me to
come here
and tell the world about it no Kristin
we all we're running out of time but
briefly I just like to ask going back to
that moment how did the idea for react
to your injury when they saw you were
injured did you receive treatment did
you receive any help with your injuries
immediately but from the Palestinians I
have not been approached by the IDF nor
their Israeli government as soon as I
released the video their immediate
response was to call me a liar and
that's it okay help from the Palestinian
Red Crescent okay Kristen Foss our
Norwegian human rights activist thanks
for sharing your story today here on Rt
International
you
