ridiculous miss information that's what
the us-led coalition in Syria has
branded a report on our website RT comm
that article on a Syrian refugee camp
was however simply quoting the Russian
Foreign Ministry it's worth having
Samira Khan here to look at the accuracy
of the claims in question Colonel Sean
Ryan spokesman for operation inherent
resolve the us-led coalition against
ISIL said that we were pushing quote
ridiculous information after reading one
of our articles on Syria don't be
distracted by ridiculous misinformation
from RT the Coalition is focused on
defeat Isis mission and we continue to
work with Magua el fora to secure the L
tamp region in southern Syria the
article in question wasn't an op-ed but
a quote from the Russian Ministry of
Foreign Affairs who asserted that ISIL
had infiltrated roof on refugee camp in
Syria and that the u.s. government was
fully aware of it but which claim does
the coalition purport to be
misinformation about the presence of
ISIL in the camp or that the US was
aware of it the roof on refugee camp is
located in the southwestern region and
Syria an area controlled by the
International Coalition it's one of the
largest refugee camps in Syria hosting
tens of thousands of refugees
and Islamic state infiltration is
well-documented the last UN Security
Council report raised fears over
potential ISIL plots from inside the
camp the densely populated rural bond
camp in southern Syrian Arab Republic
contains some 80,000 internally
displaced persons including families of
ISIL fighters a situation which member
states fear might generate new ISIL
cells and roof on camp has been hit by
at least four terrorist attacks over the
past two years is la McStay has claimed
three of them in fact the ISIL threat
once prompted the Jordanian government
to close its word near the camp and
concern over possible infiltration is
one of the reasons that Jordan has cited
for keeping its borders close to Syrian
refugees we know that there are some -
people or Isis people in the inside the
camp as I said they consider it as a
safe haven for them they trying to
control and to create some cells inside
the camp when NBC sought to film the
camp for a story they were told it would
be too dangerous because of the presence
of Islamic state fighters a safe zone or
at least it's meant to be but the
Jordanian military pilot who took us in
wouldn't fly over it and the Isis
fighters these people fled from are
inside it so the presence of ISIL in the
camp hasn't been a secret Washington's
stated goal in Syria is the defeat of
Islamic state terrorists so it's hard to
believe that their presence in an area
controlled by the International
Coalition would go undetected if the US
military isn't aware of the issue RT is
more than ready to provide open source
information RT has reached out to
operation inherent resolve to find out
what part of the article was a
misinformation but we've yet to hear
from them RT International would like to
know what part of this article was
ridiculous misinformation
if there are no ISIL fighters in the
area what is the mission of the US
military base in the Alton region given
the stated goal of all US operations is
the defeat of ISIL
you
