less than two years after the 2016 US
presidential election the Russians are
at it again the M word this time it's
the u.s. midterm elections in the
crosshairs of Kremlin meddling another
Russian attack on our elections serious
warning about Russian meddling in future
US elections they're also hacking or
attempting to hack political campaigns
Russia is at it again it's clear for all
to see what happens after all how can
one refute such a mass of sources
intelligence sources tell NBC News there
is no doubt the Russians are trying to
influence the presidential election
source tells NBC News law enforcement
and democratic sources telling CNN
unidentified sources to sources with
links to the counterintelligence
community anonymous sources according to
anonymous Washington Post source now we
may not even have those to rely on
according to the New York Times they've
gone to ground gone quiet
what happens there could be a couple of
reasons it's okay
The Times reassures us they've not been
killed and aren't at risk yet although
says the article Putin is intent on
killing traitors and the Russians are
willing to kill sources perhaps they say
the assassination attempt on double
agents August repeal has affected flows
of intelligence as with the meddling
accusations minimal evidence was also
enough to expose the Kremlin's hand in
that case Russia has long arms Russia
has lots of tentacles we imagine that
they will continue to have an interest
in our elections but also many other
nations elections as well we continue to
see a pervasive messaging messaging
campaign by Russia to try to weaken and
divide the United States the
intelligence blackout could also be down
to a full and us operative numbers in
Russia the Russians kicked out a whole
bunch of our people laments a former CIA
officer a reference of course to
Moscow's retaliation after dozens of
Russian diplomats were first expelled
from the United States the Russian
meddling saga even has the US President
himself worried I'm very concerned that
Russia will be fighting very hard
have an impact on the upcoming election
based on the fact that no president has
been tougher on Russia than me they will
be pushing very hard for the Democrats
they definitely don't want Trump
but those unnamed officials can explain
the logic the Kremlin doesn't want a
specific outcome any more broad chaos is
apparently the aim despite no hard
evidence of meddling past or future
it seems the narrative is getting old
unnamed sources can only sound
convincing for so long no no the Russia
informants they were definitely in that
UFO that crashed or was it a meteorite
this is so confusing what the media told
us imaginary France whisper in the ear
of the New York Times sources say New
York Times makes up stories
now what if as endless anonymous sources
allege Russia isn't busy tilting
elections sowing discord or spreading
chaos what if Russia isn't doing
anything at all that would never make a
thrilling read
you
