the Syrian government says it is ready
to recapture the last major rebel
stronghold in the country that of idli
damascus has been deploying additional
forces on the front line of the endlave
though says it's still willing to pursue
a course of reconciliation however that
idea was earlier snubbed by the key
militant group controlling the area that
of Tahrir Al Shean the group's chief has
warned other factions from taking part
in any talks with Damascus
meanwhile the Russian defence ministry
has warned that militants in Italy are
preparing a provocation Moscow says it
has intelligence that jihadists are
getting ready in intending to stage a
chemical attack and then to lay the
blame on the Assad government a strike
on kafir Zita using poison Laden
missiles is planned within the next 48
hours thus some players outside the
region are preparing yet more
provocations on Syrian soil involving
chemical weapons with the aim of
destabilizing the situation there and
undermining the positive dynamics of the
ongoing peace process more the missive
warns that it's the white helmets a pro
rebel group that will be there first
with cameras and tweets as they usually
are whenever there are rumors of
chemical attacks and we reached out to
them for comment and as is also usual
the US and its pals stand ready with
guns drawn we now see plans for the
Syrian regime to resume offensive
military activities in a blue province
we are obviously concerned about the
possibility that Assad may use chemical
weapons again if the Syrian regime uses
chemical weapons we will respond very
strongly it's getting very hot in the
area America has just pulled up another
guided missile cruiser packed with
Tomahawk missiles the weapon of choice
when attacking Syria also US strategic
bombers heavy duty staff have just
arrived in the neighborhood Russians are
also acting moving more and more ships
to the Mediterranean rumors say
submarines - and it's all dreadfully
reminiscent of what happened last time
mere weeks before the alleged chemical
incident in goethe the incident that
provoked a british friends and US
missile bearish well mere weeks before
that the russians warned that rebels
were preparing to stage a chemical
attack now they're warning it'll happen
again which begs the question why oh why
would assad who has almost won this war
why would he launch a chemical attack
and invite disaster now there is no
value for syria or its allies in using
chemical weapons against any of the the
terrorists syria is already winning
syria has already won along with its
allies along with Russia and with Iran
and Hezbollah they have already
essentially defeated the takfiri
terrorists it's now cleanup time the
other thing you've got is we have so
many times being told that the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical warfare has emptied Syria of
all of its chemical weapons this
happened a few years ago but we keep
getting told Syria is making chemical
weapons
you
