you're in Russia grieving friends and
relatives have said their final goodbyes
to the 20 victims of a gunman opened
fire and fellow students at a college in
the city of Kerch but amid the pain
stories have emerged of heroic
quick-thinking actions which prevented
more deaths
perch√© is a quiet place a small seaside
town kind of place where the
neighborhoods everyone knows everyone it
is one of the last places in the world
where you would expect a school or
college shooting or thought they did but
some hatreds are evidently buried too
deep because I stalk a common misery a
common tragedy our town is really small
everyone knows each other the blast and
the following rampage were catastrophic
injuring and killing dozens upon dozens
sparking panic and hysteria as teenagers
and staff fled for their lives in that
chaos heroes were made my friends
willing teen was there he helped his
friend Cora who was injured in the blast
he covered him to shield him from the
bullets they're both in hospital now
Cora has a shrapnel wound and
Valentina's paralyzed nobody knows
whether he will be able to walk again
but from the horrors of this massacre
some good has emerged selflessness
sacrifice courage and bravery where
teenagers barely older than children
acted as few adults ever could there
about the bureaucracy they had just
graduated when this happened these guys
were throwing rocks at their attacker
they were trying to distract him because
behind his back there were a group of
kids mostly girls trying to escape so
these guys decided to divert the
shooters attention to help the girls
these four boys are dead now a new among
the wounded I tried to save her I
carried her to the ambulance I left her
there and once I hope the others I said
a lot of people bleeding lying on
benches it was awful
I saw a guy being attacked I tried to
help him but it was too late then I saw
my friend something was wrong of his
legs he couldn't walk so I dragged him
all the way to the fans we'll never know
every act of heroism and kindness that
took place lost now in the confusion the
adrenaline the modesty and in death but
it wasn't just the students was also
bystanders volunteers and good
Samaritans I work nearby when I heard
what happened I came here to help anyone
I could there were people without limbs
just lying on the street everyone tried
to help when the wounded began to
overwhelm local clinics the medical
students jumped in to help
when it happened we were at our medical
college we were in class when a teacher
stormed in and said they need people to
help with the injured so we rushed to
the hospital we had no time to even put
our lab coats on we started to take
people out of the ambulances for
emergency help people just kept on
coming for several hours it's fair to
say that when the killer struck the
staff the students were utterly
unprepared this is also fair to say that
no amount of readiness in the world
would prepare any sort of school for an
explosion that size in the cafeteria war
and armed maniac blitzing through the
corridors but even amidst all the
confusion in the panic the fear there
were those who set aside
self-preservation in order to help
others risking life and limb proving
once again that even in acts of
overwhelming evil there is space for
good
you
