well Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yes I looked up at you from the
desk because that's the way mainstream
media anchors connote seriousness hi I'm
serious
hey let's go to Stacey fest that's true
especially prevalent I've noticed on the
BBC they always do like oh yeah I'm
working I'm working oh hey actually I am
headliner a quick tweet about CNN
because we do often mock the corporate
media but they did come through with
quite an amazing piece and I don't know
if it was just on their website cnn.com
but the tweet is from Tim shark and he
says astonishing graphic from CNN
identifying civilian massacres in Yemen
with the bomb makers Raytheon Lockheed
Martin and General Dynamics this should
be standard in war reporting searing
images here's Yemen and here's the
various Raytheon bomb that's the General
Dynamics bomb so that's pretty
impressive that they did that yeah yeah
because they're typically the war
Channel you know the company itself
Martin Marie Marietta was simultaneously
running some advertisements for how
socially conscious they are with little
kids running around playing while they
were at the same time you know dropping
bombs on kids elsewhere yes they were
sending around a tweet saying send us
your selfies so we'll put it as part of
our thing and of course they sent a
bunch of people sent in to them
responses of children and young I'm
being blown up but they have this kind
of reporting before because it's obvious
when people are on the ground and they
show snapshots of flak you know pieces
of shrapnel of these bombs with the
makers name on the bomb and whether it's
phosphorus you know from the US showing
up all over these war zones or here in
Yemen this has been kind of known for
quite some time the US is in the UK our
arms dealers sell those arms are going
to show up somewhere so overseas we have
these arms dealers and this horrifying
graphic in New Haven Connecticut we have
drug dealers which are pharmaceutical
companies many of them private because
they make so much money like the family
in Connecticut who sells oxycontin well
here's a
a new wave of insanity the zombification
of the American population and you can't
read this and think that something
horrible horrible is going wrong here is
the headline it's not just New Haven
mass K to overdose symptom of national
crisis at least 95 people in New Haven
overdosed on the drug in two days a
similar events become more common across
the u.s. they call it a mass rapid-fire
overdose event 95 people overdosed in
the in New Haven Connecticut on k2 which
is a synthetic marijuana they all like
passed out in the green the New Haven
green right outside Yale University one
of the most prestigious Ivy League
universities in America where many of
our presidents attend school there and
it was a mass scary whore like it's a
horror film right that's that's a
classic scene from a horror film that
people are just dropping they call it
falling out well you know what I thought
of immediately was I want that grass to
lengthily at this moment but Demitri are
lost sa the collapse gap and when the
Soviet Union collapsed because of the US
meddling and Boris Yeltsin and all
that's going on they had this
skyrocketing and alcoholism and social
catastrophe you know here in the US
because you've had this enormous
financial and reengineering to take all
the money being printed and put in the
pockets of a few folks and leave the
vast majority in the state of
zombification this is the collapse gap
he was talking about the US and the
Soviet Union both collapsed in the 1989
1990 period it just took take in the US
as he describes it you know longer to
realize that collapse but for the same
reasons and for the same kind of
political imaginations we're seeing the
same results yeah in the Soviet Union
when they collapsed the institution's
around you collapsed and you notice that
the mainstream media will project the
concerns of the elite and the elite
often say that it's a they explain
Russia gate as getting the American
population to not trust the
institution's around them and I think
what you're seeing is yeah there's the
institutions around them their entire
society the fabric of the society has
abandoned them but it hasn't it hasn't
been as obvious
dramatic like since the financial crisis
you could actually see this situation
from 2000 so from the crash of 2000
basically ever since then not only have
incomes declined but rapidly but the
wealth and income gap from 2000 really
went out of control spiraled up to the
top and something happened from that
crash from how they dealt with it from
the Federal Reserve something I mean
this is for a bigger topic for a rich
came up and whoever was it on the inside
is now left in the front of Yale
University having a spontaneous
zombification event courtesy of the
pharmaceutical corporation and it's just
so appropriate that Yale is one of the
primary institutions of elite power so
that's basically you either have to go
to Yale or Harvard and those two control
so much of the fabric of our power
centers so right outside Yale and they
also mention and this has been covered
but it's still like shocking to see
these numbers and 2017 drug overdoses
killed nearly 200 people in America per
day according to the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention data released
this week a new record driven by the
deadly opioid epidemic
since k2 was first detected in the US
and 2008 clusters of overdose outbreaks
have become more and more common about
56 people overdose from k2 in Brooklyn
and may a hundred overdose in Lancaster
County Pennsylvania and July 2017 and 40
people overdose in Dallas Texas in May
2014 so it's it the there aren't as many
deaths from this at k2 but what happens
is they have mass hallucination and they
turned into like a zombies and they just
fall over in the middle of a
intersection like those shows we see
coming out of Hollywood The Walking Dead
or very somber movies various horror
movies the popular culture is reflecting
the zeitgeist of the zombification of
the American population and cashing in
on the box office of all the
pharmaceuticals cash in at the cash
register while the politicians cash in
on insider trading
the media cashes in on high ratings but
unfortunately nobody in the real economy
is cashing in they're all going bankrupt
and here again like we're in this crisis
situation of the institutions failing
the American population or great
majority of them the elites are
concerned they recognize that the the
population does not have faith in the
institutions and yet they're having
faith in all sorts of stuff in fact that
comes into this next paragraph because
they're saying that you know it's a
synthetic can't abide cannabinoid
however you pronounce a a marijuana but
it's the importantly they said it's the
mix of different concentrations of other
drugs that whoever the maker is puts in
these and they say despite the mystery
of each batch k2 is appealing to drug
users because it's cost as low as
chemicals aren't detected on standard
drug tests that they might have to take
at work and it's changing mixtures make
law enforcement efforts more complicated
than with pure drugs such as marijuana
so despite the mystery of what they're
about to take they're willing to take
that they're willing to believe fake
news they're willing to eat take a
synthetic marijuana they're willing to
take in anything that might dull their
pain yeah just a mystery substance
imbibing it's a lottery to oblivion and
as an escape from the reality that their
institutions their American institutions
have turned them into shuttle human
chattel I think that's the right word
yeah well there's a you know there's
it's a great article because there's
loads of quotes about how terrifying it
was and all these people dropping all at
the same time you know you're just on a
stroll through the public green the
public space is a public area and people
are just dropping as you're walking I
don't want to you know get to you know
controversial and whatnot but I mean
this has been going on in the poor
neighborhoods for quite some time yeah
what makes this newsworthy is that you
know Yale University that's not a poor
neighborhood that's a rich neighborhood
that's what makes it suddenly newsworthy
and that's why they call it like
spontaneous overwhelming Khanna business
syndrome but up until recently it would
just be called not and
in the hood nobody would care because
those folks were already marginalized
meanwhile in Chicago where the advance
stages of this are taking place you've
got wholesale slaughter going on with
the murder rate skyrocketing that's the
next step well here we have the people
falling out as they call it now and the
Dean of the Yale School of Public Health
Stan Berman said my fear is that the
synthetic cannabinoids might be a new
wave is occupying the fire department
the emergency room of Yale you can
imagine the pain and suffering the
patient's family on the patient's
themselves is quite a big burden on a
small city it would be a big burden in a
big city
remember these are public health you
have to treat these people because they
might be dying and the Yale University
Medical School which is one of the best
in the entire United States very
expensive this the city has to pay for
the taxpayer has to pay for it so here
we have this crazy situation who are
these taxpayers paying for this oh the
Obama pear a care folks are paying full
boat like me oh you mean I'm supporting
like a thousand cannabinoid addicted
losers outside yeah yeah yeah well this
isn't no this is another this is a
general taxpayer and this is important
to note because this is going in to my
final headline here which ties to the
first one where you're seeing the bombs
drop in Yemen linked to Lockheed Martin
linked to General Dynamics linked to
Raytheon here big media companies are
branching into health care here's why
and they point to Comcast remember where
Rachel Maddow works remember Comcast
cares well because of this sort of huge
profits because remember we have we
because we say we're capitalists and so
we can't fix any prices but we can force
everybody to buy these prices where
there's no limit to how much the health
how much is gonna cost you to walk into
Yale University Medical so you and I
could never go into Yale Medical into
the emergency room because we would be
stuck with a $100,000 bill just for
walking in there right somebody who
passes out without any health insurance
in the Yale Green well they're gonna be
treated and the taxpayer is gonna pay
for it so our taxes will pay for that
but here you see these media companies
you see all sorts of a telecom all the
Oleg appellees that
the media that run the telecoms there
that run the Internet so Google Facebook
these people are getting into the
healthcare this this racket of a system
that we have like Obamacare like this no
cap to the Medicaid cost like they're
getting in on it so they're pouring into
it and that leaves the question of is it
gonna take all those years at CNN that
loves war they love the countdown to war
right
it took them all these years to finally
say who's benefiting from it are they
going to cover this health crisis in
America if they're profiting from it no
they won't
comcast obviously one of the evil
corporations out there in the media
space that no Comcast care is the
Comcast cares they'll put like you know
camera into people's kidney and then
have a cop show about watching people's
kidneys get stolen live on air and
because of their addicted to synthetic
opiates but they'll won't do anything to
stop it
so they've taken the idea of gruesomely
pornographically watching america
disintegrate and making a huge payday on
that Comcast and Saturday Night Live and
Lorne Michaels and all those guys thanks
buddy you're killing us great job well
we'll be back after the break so don't
go away much more coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max Kaiser time now to turn to Dan
Collins at the China money report Dan
what are you doing in the studio oh
that's right I know why you like me I've
decided that if Trump became president
that you'd move back to the United
States correct absolutely right after 20
years in China have now relooked
relocated back brought the entire family
back from China now here in the United
States what's happening in China like
what are the dynamics there that have
shifted and how does the u.s. stack up
in the global economy well the u.s. is
an interesting point since Trump has
been elected the with a corporate tax
rates going down from world highs down
to you know twenty one percent there's a
lot of opportunity now for the
reindustrialization united states so
after twenty years spent in China
setting up plants in China I've now come
back to the United States and hopefully
try to help make America great again and
rebuild help rebuild parts of the
economy that's not just rhetoric there's
actual economic data to support this
type of rebalancing in the global
economy in China of course the story
there seems to have played out to some
degree talk a little bit about China
because we always talk to you about
China you know they were part of the
World Trade Organization and benefited
wildly from that because oh you know
wasn't long ago they were an emerging
economy but they're still kind of gaming
the system a bit talk a little bit about
that yeah so most products that come
into China they we've talked before
they're basically a mercantile station
they have their own duty rates usually
around 25 percent most of their economy
is blocked off the foreign investment
banking oil and gas etc etc you can't
set up a car company in China without
having a partner they demand technology
transfer this has been going on for
twenty thirty years nobody's actually
done anything about it until now
so change anyway say they mean Trump
yeah absolutely
by addressing the tariffs and trying to
level the playing field correct and as a
result the global dynamic has changed a
lot so you have a lot of manufacturing
moving into Vietnam
but you know they're almost at capacity
now in terms of what that trend is but
the reindustrialization of America so in
Trump talks about bring those jobs back
unlike politicians before him he was not
just blowing smoke
he actually had a plan for this he did
and it's a it's absolutely working
I mean you've talked to Fortune 500's
they're all talking about reshoring of
the supply chain
you mentioned Vietnam a lot of Chinese
companies gone there
the wages there now in Vietnam are 1/5
of what they are in China however they
as you mentioned they don't have the
capacity to take even 10 percent of
China's manufacturing base so a lot of
that's getting reassured you're seeing
companies from China US Europe Japan all
now looking at coming back to United
States and setting up shop again and
just to touch on this World Trade
Organization topic briefly so they were
entered the WTO and as an emerging
economy now it's a 1213 trillion dollar
economy depending on how you calculate
GDP but it's obviously is it's still an
emerging economy and should are they
gaming the World Trade Organization
that's my first question the second
question is that segues into global
currencies and what's happening there
globally there seems to be a lot of
dramatic moves out there Dan yeah
absolutely they are they've got into the
WTO 2001 they were at one or two
trillion dollar economy by now as you
mentioned now there's thirteen trillion
highly technically capable economy
competing with the United States at
every level technically technically
speaking yet they have gamed the WTO to
say we're still a developing economy you
know even though they're the world's
largest creditor nation the world's
largest trading nation so from their
standpoint they're saying we're still a
developing economy we should be able to
have 25 percent of Duty's against you
and you can only have 2 percent against
us and now Trump is blown up that
narrative and just say we're not going
along with that anymore you know when I
watched mainstream media in America I
get the impression that America is
really concerned about Russia and they
never talk about China it's surprising
yeah absolutely it I think you know in
my personal theories in five to ten
years we'll be looking at Russia is
trying to bring them in its strategic
fault against a resurgent China same way
we did with Nixon and China in 1972
use them against the Soviet empire I
think the script will flip-flop we'll be
trying to get Russia on our side it's
different than what you would hear
mainstream talk about today so Trump's
trade war trade policies is he quote
winning absolutely he's winning China
has already given a lot of concessions
automotive tariffs went from 25 percent
to 15 percent not enough they've offered
to open up the financial sector they're
negotiating now behind the scenes China
has already offered 70 billion dollars
in concessions to buy manufactured goods
energy and agriculture goods the Trump
administration wants 200 billion so the
total trade deficits about 380 billion
dollar Trump administration wants 200 of
that back and China's already offered 70
so I think they'll meet in the middle
China's gonna have to come to the table
otherwise they're gonna face a lot more
problems domestically with their economy
let's talk geopolitics for a second so
you know typically throughout history
those who control the seize control the
global Empire certainly the British
Empire ruled the waves and America ruled
the waves and but you know Russia is a
country with that a lot of ports you
know a lot of sea so they have decided
to this one road one belt one road
policy it's a land based kind of empire
building and you've been talking about
it can you give us the update sure one
belt one road continues there's two
roads there's a Silk Road Silk Road over
land and then there's a maritime Silk
Road they call it they're building up
ports
you know from Sri Lanka to Pakistan
basically what they call a string of
pearls of basically container ports that
can be turned into military naval bases
as well they've build the islands in the
South China Sea where they've got
Chinese Navy presidents and ours a lot
of conflict so China is the world's
largest oil importer now by far now
becoming much larger than United States
the United States no longer with the
domestic shale doesn't need these Saudi
oil talk about that for a second the
United States domestic shale the numbers
are pretty impressive it's surprising
I've done a lot of research on there
recently the cost of shale used to be a
few years ago $90 a barrel their
breakeven costs are down to 40
of course each Beach area basin is a
little bit different but they expect
this to go under 20 so the technology
behind the shell is making us completely
independent oil oil wise and then we
become become a major exporter so this
gives the u.s. the ability to be more
insular absolutely the the reason for
contributor and AV controlling all those
global common areas that is called the
incentive to do that will get less and
less the incentive for China will get
greater and greater as they have to go
out and secure all those resources
across the globe so let's talk a little
bit about the social theme if you will
in China so they have this social score
the credit score which keeps citizens in
check you know the everyone has like
their own personal Moody's rating their
social score rating and you know if you
do something I guess that the
government's not keen on it goes down
and then you can't get on an airport you
can't get on a bus your thoughts on the
social media and deep platforming
happening in the u.s. right now we're
seeing alternative media just get
uniformly platformed obvious collusion
with all the major tech companies it
looks like a Chinese in this in this
ham-fisted kind of dictatorial
censorship and not very subtle how do
you see the comparisons there you've
been living in China for years down now
you're in the US how would you speak on
this well the a because social credit
system and the Chinese surveillance is
ever-present I mean obviously it's you
could compare it however I don't see
them banning people outright like has
happened in the United States they ban
maybe subjects people don't talk about
things like Tiananmen Square most young
people don't even really know what
happened there
but what's happened in the United States
are very similar now I mean with you go
into banning people over topics it's
it's quite alarming but China is the
leader in this I think that maybe United
States is looking them as a role model
china has facial scanning cameras
everywhere they can identify they've
been bragging recently they identified
criminal in a sports stadium within 15
minutes and they're just pulling people
out of stadiums if you're on their radar
there's over a hundred thousand people
now they can buy train tickets plane
tickets that are at this time into the
thing over 100,000 people have been kind
of black
that's just in like six months yeah yeah
six months to a year right well it seems
like a frickin dystopian nightmare
it is Blade Runner on steroids
absolutely yeah how many people are
being disappeared down the memory hole
mm-hmm I mean this is bad and horrifying
and the us you would think would be
immune to this type of encroachment
given the fact that we have the US
Constitution Bill of Rights but nothing
seems to be penetrating the skulls of
the lawmakers who are in deep denial and
trading on inside information and
participating in war crimes other than
that things are swell hey Dan talked to
me about currency chaos around the world
you you were throwing up some numbers
earlier today that we're quite shocking
I mean I've been around the block a few
times I don't think I've seen this level
of currency cast not even the 1998 Asian
financial crisis etc talk a little talk
on this this is yeah I've recently done
some numbers and this is much worse than
I expected one way through the numbers
everybody this year's been talking about
Venezuela in Turkey of course Venezuela
I just go back 10 years was two-to-one
for the US dollar then became 10 to 1
today it's 248 thousand to 1 and they've
just announced they're going to 6
million to 1 and they're trying to back
the currency with crit with their own
crypto currency backed by oil this is
why more republic style hyperinflation
absolutely and all those social ills
that come with it you know ninety
percent of the people in massive poverty
they're starting to flood into Brazil
and get out of the country to total
disaster that's but they're the worst
ones the star performer so to speak in
South America but they're not the only
ones to present for what the most
fingers yeah and then even in other
countries so if we just go around the
world real quick brazil's down 40 some
percent Argentina's down 40 percent just
this year they're down 90 percent since
in ten years since the financial crisis
so the dollar is benefiting by all this
we aren't it's not a cure-all either
right that comes a lot of risk no we
have a periphery of emerging market
currencies that look like an early stage
meltdown from you know India Indonesia's
hit an all-time low South Africa's
hitting all-time lows you know the
Russian ruble is down 64 percent in ten
years and then H but that's your core of
global currencies is active a the global
economic system the Jay
and he's yen the dollar in the euro and
none of these currencies look good
Japan has bought half of the stock
market they own all the country's debt
Europe we're just waiting for the next
leg to go on Greece or Italy or somebody
and some potential breakup of the euro
and then you have King dollar which is
backed by United States and we're 21
trillion dollars in debt hundreds of
trillions of dollars non-gaap adjusted
in debt and boomers are starting to
retire in droves and our social security
is already cash flow negative 100 trying
and non-gaap debt or more yes that would
include off-balance sheet items correct
my thing we signed up to support beyond
dated 2021 trillion in debt you got to
add the stuff that the liabilities total
liabilities correct hundred trillion in
debt yep so I'm a kind of a broad social
view of things when you come in here
into the country you're back in the
United States and where do you see
pockets of entrepreneurialism where will
we see this thing turn around possibly
well I see because as we mentioned the
corporate tax rates are now low enough
corporations are gonna float back and
have to do manufacturing again the
workforce after spending about twenty
years losing 80,000 factories those are
all going to come back now so I think
there's a big potential of manufacturing
3d printing high-tech industries with
smart manufacturing you know there was
been a there's been an economic
narrative for years that we don't need
manufacturing but now you look at modern
manufacturing plants its robotics its
artificial intelligence it's machine
learning it's a key pillar of the
economy is how is to be able to make
things so I see the United States going
back to making their own product and
being largely self-sufficient in terms
of consumer goods right well you know
whatever it's robots making robots for
robots then what are we gonna do damn
someone needs to fix the road avatar
foredeck owns an avatar for max cow
Kaiser I forgot my name I'm so
bamboozled by this trends in the economy
that's shattering my all my my brain
material but fortunately your here is
sorted all out Dan calls for the China
money report thanks for being on the
Kaiser report live thanks hey that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report what's me Max Keiser and
Stacy heard we'd like to thank our guest
Dan Collins at the China money
report.com if you want to catch us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye
