Washington has confirmed new anti Russia
sanctions will come into effect next
Monday the restrictions will target
Russia's financial sector as well as
arms sales well let's go live now to
Washington DC and Samira Khan for the
details of this Samira hello there so
indeed tell us what does this latest set
of sanctions consist of break it down
well these sanctions were announced last
month over Russia's alleged involvement
in the script Paul poisoning which
there's been no evidence for and since
then we've heard a lot about what would
they what they would include but now we
know for sure now last month they said
that the foreign assistance Act would
also be included and that would
terminate assistance to Russia
except for urgent humanitarian
assistance the document today says it's
waived a senior State Department
official said that this should be carved
out in consideration to the national
security interests of the United States
on second our arms sales these were
actually introduced back in 2014 now
these will also be waived now arms sales
of financing these sanctions will
terminate all foreign military financing
for Russia but this has been in place
already now what will also be prohibited
under these sanctions are government
credit exports of secured goods and tech
basically the u.s. is saying that the
purchases will be done on a case-to-case
basis but a few days ago President Putin
spoke out and he said that the sanctions
are counterproductive let's take a look
stochasticity regarding the sanctions
those actions are counterproductive and
meaningless especially when it comes to
a country like Russia it's not just
about the US president's position it's
about the position of the so-called
establishment the ruling class in
broader terms
I hope the realization that this policy
has no future will come one day we'll
cooperate in a normal fashion
considering that there's still no
evidence for their claims the sanctions
seem to be part of a big political game
you
