what their accommodation service air B&B
is supposed to be there isn't it to help
you find a comfortable place to stay
almost anywhere in the world when you
want to now the owner of course can
personally choose whom or not he would
like to host
however this aspect has raised the issue
of people being denied booking because
of their North African names it appears
journalists Madhwani mahadji says that
when he tried to book an apartment in
Marseilles his reservation was cancelled
without explanation his friend who he
says has a good French name later booked
the same apartment for the exact same
dates
mahadji says this therefore was a clear
example of discrimination
now journalists wrote about this
experience on Twitter Airbnb was quick
to respond and expressed regret over the
incident and stressed its opposition to
all forms of discrimination we were
joined by political commentator Nicola
Nicola vich and also the French lawyer
Hosny Marti who gave us their thoughts
on the right of the owners to choose
their guests or not I think what we have
to see if there's a deeper problem than
just refusing to rent because as you
said the purpose of renting is making
money so why would somebody not rent I
think there's a problem with a part of
the foreign community I would say in the
large sense today in France which has
got a bad image and some people would
rather not rent than rent to people
who've got this bad image and I'm very
sad to hear what this guy was just
saying he's giving some argues to erase
his people who don't want to see enough
African hosts in the house is putting
this idea in the head of some people who
sometimes then don't even meet one North
African in their in their life a lot of
people will link people coming from
South Africa to crime to incivility to
terrorism and unfortunately these are
some of the reasons why we speak a lot
of the North African community today and
people will relate to that and decide
that they'd rather not rent - these
people are people coming from those
origins I don't agree with the thing
that we can sum up the reality of people
acting or having delinquents we have a
behavior
by giving the roots of these people this
has nothing to do this has nothing to do
to explain their behavior again I'm not
saying the entire North African
community a lot of Isis let me answer
I'm just telling you there is a problem
which has to be settled I even know
people for the North African community
who are a shame of what other people in
their community are doing and you can
see the support for me on a daily basis
imagine the French person who has no
contacts with the north african
community but who reads the press on a
daily basis and who reads people who
have been committing crimes who have
been terror who are terrorists who are
advocating death to france so that they
hate rats
and every time they read this
unfortunately again I'm the first to say
unfortunately unfortunately they see
that they're often associated with the
name from North Africa now if there are
people who are considering that the
roots the origin the behavior the rotate
the sexual orientation or the faith on
their own faith is a good purpose to
discriminate they are wrong or they are
not respecting the law this is what we
have to remind in inner state which is
the state of low
you
