Palestinian official and several other
people have been injured during a
protest against the eviction in the West
Bank Israeli officers were seen using
force against the demonstrators locals
were opposing plans to demolish their
village we know around 52 families
rejected an earlier offer to relocate to
another area Israel says the village was
built illegally and is dangerously close
to a highway meanwhile on the Israel and
Gaza border 130 Palestinians including
over two dozen children were hurt in the
latest riots there according to the
Palestinian health ministry crowds have
been gathering at the border every
Friday since March demanding the right
to reclaim ancestral arms from Israel
protesters burnt tires to create a smoke
screen and threw rocks at Israeli
soldiers who responded with live fire
since the unrest began seven months ago
more than 200 Palestinians have been
killed Israel maintains its position of
defending the border from terrorists
with the latest from that frontier years
Gaza based journalist yumna Elsayed
today marks the 30th Friday in the great
march of return as we can see hundreds
of Palestinian protesters have gathered
here as usual to protest today
Palestinian protesters have started
burning tires in an attempt to block the
vision on the Israeli snipers the vision
in front of the Israeli forces or the
Israeli snipers is almost totally
blocked but yet they are firing live
ammunition and gas canisters at the
Palestinian protesters gathering there
as we can see the Israeli forces are
firing gas canisters on the Palestinian
protesters there are numbers of injuries
that have been taken by paramedics to
the ambulances as you can see in the
area it's full of protesters from all
sectors men women and children
we have paramedics we have a lot of
press we have also Palestinian
volunteers who have come here in order
to save the other protesters we have
seven injuries for shot for life
shitting until now people are choking
because of all the gas that has been
fired on them we have another injury
another injury in the eye another injury
in the eye as you can see there are
still a number of injuries that are
coming in every now and then
well the Israeli Defense Forces says it
was forced to respond on Friday after
terrorists in Gaza sent several in
century balloons into Israel
you
