it's the worst you've seen that I will
say that there is more there's more
feces on the sidewalks and I've ever
seen you know growing up here that was
something that did not wasn't the norm
but you've ever seen than I've ever seen
for sure
San Francisco is both a city where you
need a 350 thousand dollar income to
afford a median priced home and a city
that has just announced a poop Patrol to
clean up the streets instead of telling
people to use a bathroom
San Francisco is going to send out a
pooper scooper patrol to pick it up lord
help us all a six-person crew that goes
around the city to clean up how much
would you have to make to do this job
nobody wants to step in feces I have
children I don't want to do that either
I don't like finding used needles but
there are approaches and the city is
trying but we actually need some federal
help in this case in my opinion you've
got to get your hands dirty if you're
gonna achieve the impossible
you
