something that you probably would never
have seriously thought had been talked
about just couple of months ago but now
proposals for an alternative to the
swift banking system becoming a
legitimate discussion topic in the EU
German Foreign Minister high commerce
has floated the idea of an independent
system free crucially from us pressure
where the u.s. crosses red lines we as
Europeans must counterbalance as hard as
that is it is indispensable that we
strengthen European autonomy by creating
payment channels that are independent of
the United States a European Monetary
Fund and an independent Swift system so
Swift first off what is it's time for
good for pub quiz this it's the Society
for worldwide interbank financial
telecommunications there it's a global
payment network designed to secure
transactions between banks and
encompasses 11,000 financial
institutions and 200 countries Swift
claims political neutrality crucially
but of late it's apparently caved into
American pressure let me tell you about
that case in point after Washington
withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal and
then re imposed sanctions against Iran
Swift was left with a pretty stark
choice cut off Iranian banks from its
network by early November or face an
asset freeze travel bans and
restrictions to do business in America
now German MP from the AFD party thinks
although the foreign ministers called us
make sense it's come at the wrong time
the one who controls finance controls
everything so in this sense the
strategic goal of mr. Mars
making Europe and Germany more
independent by creating its own
financial system it's it's a strategic
goal that has its right to exist but
please we have to take into account
possible reactions from the United
States I think they won't be fond of
this idea and we cannot afford to worsen
the ties with the United States at the
same time when Europe itself has
deteriorated his relations with Russia
so the boldness of mr. mosz is not in
the right time and not at the right
place
although Europe's one of America's
closest allies the kind of treatment the
EU has been receiving from the u.s. is
not what you'd call friendly these days
the United States will withdraw from the
Iran nuclear deal that diminishes
complement in the international order in
it is never good for us to break the
laws that we ourselves helped to create
we send things to them they say no thank
you we don't take your brother that's
not free trade that's stupid trade so
now we will also impose import tariffs
we can also do stupid we also have to be
this stupid
we expect that Europeans will see as
businesses all over Europe are seeing
the choice between doing business with a
run and doing business with the United
States is very clear to them
you
