there has been plenty of talk this
wedding stay over Donald Trump's
presidency which now appears to be in a
precarious position less than two years
in two of the president's former
associates have pleaded guilty to
federal crimes it's put Trump in hot
water
now his ex lawyer has implicated him as
the orchestrator of campaign and
financial violations
here's Daniel Hawkins with more on what
we know impeachment endlessly discussed
in mainstream media discourse today it
seems became a little more realistic for
Trump although it's not exactly what you
might think
no nefarious linked the Russian agents
or collusion with the Kremlin something
far more mundane as his former lawyer
Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to bank and
tax fraud he also admitted guilt in
campaign finance charges and legibly
paying off former mistresses of Trump
for their silence on the orders of the
now president in a double whammy
Trump's former campaign manager Paul
Manafort was also found guilty of
numerous personal fraud charges
potentially facing years in prison what
about the Russia links though after all
that's what the Attorney General
authorized special counsel mullah to dig
up coordination between the Russian
government and individuals associated
with the campaign of President Trump
seemingly nothing fake news and the
Russian witch-hunt we got a whole big
combination where is the collusion
you know they're still looking for
collusion where is the collusion find
some collusion it's a day of
embarrassment for Trump and bad timing
too with midterm elections approaching
and Democrats looking for any ammunition
they can find the president though will
view this as a vindication a year and a
half later after several investigations
the Russia link story still seems dead
in the water although who knows what
else the ongoing investigation will find
okay let's get the thoughts now on the
story of Martin McAuley author and
Russia analysts Martineau's welcome to
the program is this edging do you think
towards Donald Trump getting impeached
Donald Trump cannot be impeached at
present because the Republicans control
the House of Representatives and the
Senate but come November if the
Democrats take a majority in both then
nelson pelosi who's the chair of the
senate she says she will go for
impeachment now at present the democrats
are desperately keen to rake up as much
muck as possible in in in the midterm
elections so that this will in fact we
respond to trump saying that everything
that the Democrat says fake news where's
the collusion and all that and they will
say right right we have now manifold has
in fact pleaded guilty to all these text
frauds and Michael Cohen has dropped out
one way he's dropped a bomb and said
that he he had to pay off these two
girls and so on so as to keep them from
declaring that they were mistresses of
the president before the election so
therefore all this muck rake up all that
muck you can as much as possible so the
general public would be influenced by
this
in the run-up to the November elections
what do you make of how the Moller
investigation has expanded we know it
was launched as a probe into alleged
collusion with Russia but so far it
seems as if nothing has emerged to date
on that that's the most important
finding of the Mueller Road murders
especially counsel his investigations
directly turned up nothing of
significance and therefore he said in
Ghana gone into other directions to try
and expand because his writ is to find
the muck which will in fact bring down
Donald Trump in November in the November
midterm elections and therefore he's
been given if you like freedom to expand
and call in anyone that he thinks is
involved in the Trump administration's
run-up to the election and so on nothing
that told to do with Russia and so their
formula has it in if you like he's his
reputation is on the line because if he
goes through and spends his have vast
amount of money and he comes up with
nothing it doesn't look good for him so
his career is in fact on the line as
well so he has to find something which
Anakin which will stick which will in
fact damage Trump in the run-up to the
midterm elections regarding the the case
is currently in court you expect more
wrongdoing to be revealed now I think so
because Rudy Giuliani who's Trump's he's
a very well-known New York lawyer he
just says it Michael Cohen everything
he's saying is a lie because he doesn't
want to go to jail and and therefore
it's his word against the the the
president's word and he made this plea
this statement in court you know was you
think a plea bargaining in a man in a
mean American law and he obviously
didn't get a deal because presumably
they didn't believe him so that phrase
made these statements and therefore
Giuliani will then come back and say
right he's lying and anything else he
says from now onwards they will say is
lying and there will be many more
questions and who knows how many other
members of the the Trump's team in the
run-up to the elections will in fact be
indicted because Mueller and his
counsels will try and find as much
evidence as possible even even if the
evidence against Russia is not there
they must come up with something so
therefore this will run and run and run
and the who
for the Democrats is that this will in
fact convince the average American the
Trump is not really a fit man to be in
the White House and therefore he should
he should suffer in the midterm
elections and that would then make the
next two years his last two years here a
be a lame-duck president
you
