a star in dozens of movies director
author and music contributor to bands
like placebo Ozzy Argentum a
jack-of-all-trades charged headlong to
accuse the now disgraced Hollywood
producer Harvey Weinstein of sexually
abusing him pioneering the me2 movement
women have the same power as men
I'm sure this type of violence will no
longer happen the cases of women abusing
their power are rare I hope and I
believe that because of me too every
woman has a voice every woman has a
chance to speak out an inspiring call by
all means yet let me replay one quick
bet for you the cases of women abusing
their power are rare well according to a
report by the New York Times
Argento herself falls into that rare
category the investigation claims the
activists paid nearly $400,000 in hush
money to a guy called Jimmy Bennett who
accused her gentle of sexually
assaulting him in 2013 now even a brief
glimpse around social media shows the
two have quite a history in 2004 Bennett
played a son of a Xia's character in one
of the movies and since then a very
cordial relationship was maintained
waiting for my long-lost son miss you
mama this borderline flirting between
the two has left questions hanging over
the gravity of the trauma Argento dealt
out why did she agree to foot the
settlement bill then well Bennett at the
time of the incident was a teenager 17
one year short of the age of consent in
California so technically a gentle faced
a statutory rape case this is the latest
but not the first time champions of me
to a noble and valiant movement have
cast shadow on their own cause
in another case a feminist professor at
New York University was actually found
guilty of sexually harassing a gay
student of hers in response her
defenders appealed to academic
achievement and width apart from those
in the me2 ranks and de-mining its own
cause
there's another problem innocent victims
last year one traffic hungry Swedish
tabloid published anonymous accusations
against a Stockholm theater director
again the article gave no names no one
revealed themselves after the
publication either still Benny Fredrik
songs career was ruined up to 16 years
at the helm of his theater he resigned
after several months he took his own
life after his death an investigation
revealed he did nothing wrong just a
week later he must have felt like
falling into bottomless abyss I mean he
hadn't been planning for a long time to
take his life he just didn't make it
that day it was too bad for many me too
helped overcome the terror of public
shame and potential vengeance it showed
that no one is immune to justice but as
of now hypocrisy and exploitation for
personal gain could bring about its
demise we spoke to Jennifer Breeden a
legal analyst she told us the positive
aspects of the me2 campaign are being
outweighed now by people exploiting it
for their own ends she thought
unfortunately the entire impact of the
me2 campaign it hasn't been as positive
as it should have been theoretically it
had a good thought to come out in the
first place there was a good motivation
behind it which is that victims deserve
to have a voice they deserve to have
their stories be heard but unfortunately
especially in the United States there
are so many politics behind this and
because the me Tube movement had so much
press and publicity it's now being used
for all these different motivations
whether it's to shift blame away from
somebody else or to try to pretend that
you're a hero or in some cases we're
finding now that people who weren't
getting a lot of publicity as actors or
actresses or another avenues are now
getting much more publicity as being a
voice of the me2 movement because of how
popular it became
you
