remarks by the United States outgoing
you an ambassador to a meeting of
conservatives have been leaked nikki
Haley claims that she was initially
offered the post op Secretary of State
by President Trump but turned it down
because she said she didn't feel
qualified and it appears she felt pretty
much the same about her current position
at the UN - I thought the job should go
to someone who didn't have the same
learning curve I thought Trump honestly
I don't even know what the UN does well
Nikki Haley's due to leave her role as
say UNM boy in January investigative
journalist max Blumenthal was at that
closed-door meeting pretty much where
Haley was speaking she revealed that her
learning curve was too steep to be
Secretary of State something we all knew
because she had just been governor of
South Carolina before and had a foreign
policy experience limited to having
lunch at the International House of
Pancakes maybe she was playing to the
crowd but I think you know in a setting
like that where she thinks that there's
no media present doesn't know that
there's a journalist there
I think her comments should be taken
very seriously and received as her most
can some of her most candid remarks to
date Donald Trump obviously was not
basing his in decision to ask nikki
Haley to be UN Ambassador on her
experience but more on her profile he
wanted to diversify his cabinet have an
up-and-coming female Republican who was
a minority she's of Indian descent
probably people within the pro-israel
lobby who are pushing Trump's transition
team to appoint her so that they could
make sure that the US would represent
Israel's interests at the UN and that's
exactly what happened nikki Haley during
the meeting with the council for
national policy boasted of how tough the
Trump administration was on Russia she
boasted that the Trump administration
had expelled over 100 diplomats that the
Trump administration had imposed harsh
sanctions that had wrecked Russia's
economy
and she boasted of arms sales to the
Ukrainian military and she said the
Obama administration can't even hold a
candle to us on Russia and this earned
her lots of applause
