the Afghan fundamentalist group the
Taliban has ambushed three buses and
kidnapped close to 200 passengers in
northern Afghanistan most of those
people have been freed by Afghan forces
and it comes shortly after the country's
president offered a ceasefire during the
Muslim holiday Eid al-adha for more
details we have correspondent Daniel
Hawkins on the program Daniel this
sounds like a firm rejection to the
ceasefire from the Taliban yeah it
certainly does at this stage cease fires
of course have taken place before most
notably back in June when Afghan
security forces and Taliban fighters
celebrated the end of Ramadan together
on the front line squat remarkable
scenes no such luck it seems this time
the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has
offered a three-month conditional truce
to the to the Taliban offering to cease
hostilities if they do the same we
understand the Taliban commanders have
rejected this they view this ceasefire
such a long ceasefire as playing into
the hands of security forces and more
importantly for them NATO and US forces
who they view as occupants that are
trying to drive out of the country far
from agreeing to a ceasefire in recent
times the Taliban have actually ramped
up their offensive around the country
they've been very active near the city
of Ghani
around Kabul as well in their attacks
killing and injuring hundreds of members
of security forces and civilians as well
actions of course speak louder than
words as you mentioned they're just
today they have kidnapped over 200 close
to 300 according to some sources people
on some buses heading to the capital
Kabul in Kunduz province their locations
currently still being looked into many
of those people as the Taliban identify
members of security forces from those
people nevertheless they have agreed to
a limited land fighting and some
prisoner exchanges that's unlikely
though to reduce the scale of fighting
as the Taliban push to get the NATO and
US forces
the country the Russian Foreign Ministry
has said the situation is regretable
it's lamentable and both sides need to
be brought to the negotiating table to
ensure there is some sort of dialogue
and progress forward dan thanks artis
Daniel Hawkins well let's go live now to
the Afghan capital and political analyst
into Zurich had deemed very welcome to
the program cease fires have been
proposed and observed during Muslim
holidays before why is this one being so
roundly rejected well thank you very
much I think Taliban wanted this time to
have practical step forward if you
remember we had a very fantastic time in
Afghanistan for the ceasefire between
the Afghan government and Taliban for
three days but this time Taliban has
already gained their strategic
objectives in the first ceasefire for
example they wanted to demonstrate the
confidence over their fighters and you
just saw the Minister of Interior just
took a selfie with a very foot soldier
of Taliban and then tweeted back on the
Twitter so it shows that Taliban still
had a very high self-confidence
second was morale and the fight in when
I when I talked with a number of Taliban
on the first day when we went to the
peace car one to a number of provinces
they say that we still believe under and
the morale to fight this time maybe the
Taliban leaders are scared that if they
announce the ceasefire in some very
vicious element outside the government
or maybe in the region make some
incidents they will tarnish the image of
the Taliban that's why this time they're
hesitant by the way it's so late but so
I'm very optimistic the Taliban will
just declare the ceasefire but let's see
what happens
Taliban commanders say that the u.s.
benefited from the previous ceasefire in
what way
well I I read that type of reports but I
do not believe that because the United
States just not benefited from that
ceasefire
it was the Afghan people who benefited
the ceasefire because they just say they
enjoy the amenities they just enjoyed
the walking freely around the country
and at the same time it's not a war only
contingent on the use policies it's a
war between the Afghan government in the
Taliban
that's why was not be giving that that
incentive to the American or maybe the
American soldiers in Afghanistan so
let's say it it has been a ceasefire
it's benefited Afghan people the Afghan
people has been very thankful and it has
been a very small step but a good step
toward a negotiation in in in and
long-term settlement in Afghanistan live
from Kabul Azhar in to soccer team
political analyst thank you
you
