with the United States midterm elections
now just a few months away the country's
national security adviser has listed
China among the threats Washington fears
when it comes to meddling it's a
sufficient national security concern
about Chinese meddling Iranian meddling
and North Korean meddling that we're
taking steps to try and prevent it
looking at the 2018 election those are
the four countries that were most
concerned about on Saturday Donald Trump
also brought up China as a threat
stressing the focus shouldn't just be on
Russia right now the US and China are
also embroiled in a trade war Donald
Trump imposed a large Terrace and
aluminium and steel imports from China
in April he been slapped 25% duties on
34 billion dollars worth of Chinese
products okay let's get into this now
with Joseph Cheng who's professor of
political science at Hong Kong City
University welcome back to the program
why do you think Joseph the u.s. and
Donald Trump have now decided to
particularly focus on China well most
people will take this as rhetoric from
president Truong and credibility is
limited in the absence of concrete
evidence however it is well known that
the American intelligence community does
point his fingers to various countries
and it believes that foreign cyber
attacks or interferences in the American
midterm in action this year is highly
likely so there is a bit of foundation
for new Cold War and certainly the trade
war between the United States and China
has been spreading in the ideological
ear as well as the foreign policy arena
Washington is also threatening to hit
China with sanctions over Iranian oil
imports will Donald Trump give the green
light do you think on those penalties
against Beijing it would be a big step
Wow
these issues are likely to continue for
quite a while because it is not just a
matter of trade war between the two
countries it is really a matter of the
two countries pursuing superiority in
the economy in the science and
technology field in the coming 28 to 30
years so it is likely that these
accusations that these sanctions and
country sanctions will continue for
quite a while although it is also likely
that both sides will try to avoid an
all-out race war which is very costly to
both party there's a lot of statements
coming not just from the political elite
in Washington also from the media from
what you've been focusing on and
unseeing does it look familiar in any
way as a stage or pretext indeed for
introducing sanctions the fact that
Washington's top brass is now accusing
China of meddling with US affairs and
integrity well there is very little
trust between the two parties now making
negotiations extremely difficult and
therefore it is likely that the trade
wall will step up in the beginning of
September before any real negotiations
can succeed to remedy the situation as
we said these disputes have been
spreading to the currency feel as well
to issues over the South China Sea
relations with Taiwan and now cyber
attacks and so on so the atmosphere is
pretty bad in both in both countries to
a cemetery negotiation Joseph Cheng
professor of political sciences at Hong
Kong City University thank you
you
