United States has to close his consulate
in Jerusalem dealing with Palestinian
affairs and merge it with the new
embassy in the city which
controversially moved from Tel Aviv
earlier this year back in May the
consulate functioned as a quasi embassy
to a future state the Palestinians want
to establish now American relations with
the West Bank and Gaza will be handled
instead by Palestinian Affairs unit that
a report to the US ambassador to Israel
Palestinian leaders are condemning the
move saying it'll further fueled and
already bitter divide this does not
create any facts other than the
dismantling the two-state solution other
than pushing Palestinians and Israelis
deeper and deeper in the bath of
conflict and violence and counter
violence and we utterly and strongly
condemn with the strongest possible term
terms this American decision the US
Secretary of State right now insist that
the merger is aimed at improving
efficiency and doesn't signal a change
in American policy in the region Israel
for its parts welcoming the move saying
it puts an end to American support for
the division of the contested city I
discussed the issue with political
commentator and there Owen he told me
thinks the consulate closures severely
complicates Israel Palestine relations
the Jerusalem consulate general
reflected two facts one is that under
the United States United Nations
resolution of 1947 Jerusalem was to be a
separate entity unless and until the
parties to the conflict decide otherwise
which they haven't up to where now the
second fact was that de-facto it was the
embassy to the West Bank the Tel Aviv
embassy took care of Gaza which is
closer to Tel Aviv but the Jerusalem
embassy took care of the Palestinians
not the settlers not the Jewish settlers
multiple students in the West Bank now
there is a pro settler ambassador to
Israel David Friedman who is close
personally to president Trump and who
has apparently warned the bureaucratic
infighting and managed to get the Consul
General
Donald Blom rousted or demoted and while
officially as you quoted secretary pump
arrow there is nothing their actions
indicate otherwise but this move means
is that the Americans are abandoning the
Palestinians
you
