I max keiser this is the Kaiser report
the show that goes deeper they see so
max we've been talking about social
media quite a lot in the past year year
and a half and the fact that these are
giant monopolies that control much of
the social media space however in this
hysteria that we've had since Trump was
elected and sure it was a shock to many
in the corporate media that he won
because they had promised with great
certainty that it was 99% certain that
Hillary Clinton was going to win that
data they saw our they chose to look at
was Hillary Clinton was going to win but
that turned out to have been fake news
they were wrong so since then we've had
the this whole backlash against fake
news not the one they presented but that
with the the individual citizens of
America have been presenting so in the
past week we saw Facebook shut down
these pages of activist groups here in
Washington DC they shut down their
Facebook group because they said they
acted like Russians well it turns out
they were actual citizens of America
that are activists who were here in
Washington DC they were organizing to
basically counter protests against the
Nazis that are coming into town to
protest so they wanted to counter
protest them Facebook deleted them on
the word of Atlantic Council and they're
gone so also in the past week we saw
under pressure from the resistance
online that they took down a conspiracy
theorist in the United States called
Alex Jones they took down all his social
media footprint that's a coordinated
attack between YouTube Google the other
Google properties Apple took him off
their Apple iTunes Facebook they all
like deleted him from existence really
at the same time at the same time within
the same yeah alex jones yeah who's just
basically a satirist the is said in
court he's a performance artist he's no
different than stephen colbert it's the
same frickin act he said Colbert hates
Trump and and and you know Alex
is not part of the network that does
Stephen Colbert so that's why they don't
like the competition that's it you know
this is anti-competitive behavior
yeah this was like a coordinated attack
within one hour
it all happened within one hour all
these social media the bid for because
we always have a big for everything big
for accountants big four banks big for
tech monopolies Oleg ah police and they
all took him down of course this was
quite similar to when WikiLeaks was also
coordinated to cut off from the
financial grid and that was the
beginning of this wave of censorship
where of course it's it's not the
government it's these private
corporations and somehow they can cut
you off from the grid that is really
under the domain of the government
normally but that the monopoly for these
many rails of our our economies and our
societies have been handed to these
private corporations and thus it's not
us it's not the government it's these
corporations well you know during the
previous robber baron Age when great
wealth was accumulated by Carnegie's and
the melons and things like that there
was a sense that they had enormous
influence over society and did they
engage in wholesale censorship and the
stupa fication of the population no they
went about creating public libraries
they said you know we can do we can
educate people so that when they're
faced with multiple messages from
different outlets they have the
education to give themselves agency in
this multimedia world and you had in 60s
were probably the apotheosis of the
well-informed educated media savvy
American but since that time 70s of
course one off the gold standard
replaced hard money with fiat money and
junk money and junk media now you have
the government saying that nobody in
America has the intelligence to decipher
what's right
wrong accurate not accurate fake news
propaganda real news they have come in
and with that a giant diaper and said
you we need to wear this diaper all day
long and we'll make sure you get a big
hug because you're just too big
we you can't have any responsibility but
in terms of our public squares or our
public spaces now our reality is that
most people spend their time online that
is where they meet up with other
individuals that's where they you know
assemble on Twitter on Facebook that
there aren't very many different options
for the critical mass that you get from
those monopolies you know they say if
you're with a friend in the woods and
the bear starts chasing you you don't
have to outrun the bear he just let that
run your friend you know Alex challenge
was always the guy that I figured they'd
get first but now that they've taken him
off the air I'm feeling like they're
coming after me now to tell you the
truth because they need complete
unanimity in their message because
remember they're hopped up to go to war
and they want as many young men to sign
up so they've got to get that propaganda
machine rich deep strong and any dissent
must be squashed well by the way Alex
Jones is part of a long line of American
sort of hucksterism of American talk
radio that has been around for 100 200
years like people have a lot of
southerners especially talk like this
there's a lot of snake oil salesmen this
is part of American history if you've
ever read Samuel Clemens or Mark Twain
or any of this literature of the are you
know 18th and 19th century America you
would say this is like he's no different
from a long line of American freaks like
this is what we do we're big hair it's
same satirist like Jonathan Swift you
know he know things about eating
children and things that are patently
over the top or Orson Welles did War of
the Worlds
now if Orson Welles did War of the
Worlds today the Martian Lobby would
come out and say that you're infringing
upon Martian transsexuals or Martians
are green people and you're they needed
their own bathroom right and then they
would be pilloried and destroyed and one
of the greatest authors of Broadcasters
motion picture directors and writers in
american history would have his career
crushed worse
than the aftermath of Citizen Kane well
again like who is who is deciding what
speech is is fair what speech is good
which speech is bad like who should be
been like I said the Atlantic Council is
a think-tank who are financed by I think
partly from the US State Department but
mostly from like UAE government which by
the way like you can't say a lot of
things in the UAE there's no First
Amendment there's no right to free
speech there and yet they're getting to
decide what is allowed to be heard by
American citizens where we're supposed
to be allowed to say whatever crazy idea
comes into our head and not be punished
for it and we're allowed to assemble
with freaks and not be punished for it
because the hard constitutional
protection but here but the argument is
a lot of people say well they're private
companies and therefore they could block
whoever they want because you don't know
free speech on there but if they have a
monopoly on those those rails of just
like that the television used to when we
used have three or four television
channels and now we have I don't know
thousands but before when we had one
only a few television channels where
everybody got their news there were more
you know they had to allow public access
they had to allow every freak of America
had a show locally in New York City or
somewhere like that no I'm sure these
media companies will soon get into the
business of selling air and if you are a
friend of the media companies you'll be
allowed to breathe air if you're not a
friend of the media companies you will
be asphyxiated to death right so the
airwaves are simply the public's public
domain and when corporations with
governments collude to diminish the
public domain the public loses its
ability to have a common space that
would define itself in terms of Western
civilization we're going back
essentially to the dark ages where
you've got feudal lords like these media
barons who are rationing out the barest
minimalist
type of
of sustaining little paper trinket
dollar fiat nonsense to keep in slave
population just healthy enough to keep
clicking on ads at Facebook but not
strong enough to stage a successful
revolt
that's feudalism that's coming right now
it's happening here in Washington DC
maybe Trump will stop it but maybe not
the other thing I want to point out is
that we have been covering this notion
in China of the social credit score and
if you have if you're a bad member of
society and it could be things like you
walked you jaywalked or you went over
the speed limit at one point and the
government gives you a social credit
score that you get denied access to
things like Twitter to things like the
pollution is so bad in China you have to
wear a face mask and ops and masks and
it's connected to your iPhone connected
to the government if you say something
against the government they will turn
down your oxygen into the mask
three times in a row it's do you get it
to zero you're dead that's like sci-fi
possibly future but right now today
everybody here in on MSNBC on Fox News
on CNN all the media agree and every
commentator on Twitter agrees that that
is like totalitarianism this social
credit score and yet they pushed for the
same thing to happen to Alex Jones
basically he's been pulled from the grid
in the same way that the Chinese
government is imposing on their citizens
through the social credit score so it's
very similar except for they're saying
well because it's a private company
because as Google and Facebook and
Twitter that these are private companies
it's not really the government doing it
well these private companies are
operating out with the public airwaves
the apples trillion-dollar market
capitalization should be in part
reimbursed to every American in their
401k plans or their IRA plans as a stock
dividend the fact that they can
privately remove from the public domain
the wealth of the nation and in return
give censorship and an extraordinarily
bankrupt and futile nightmarish quagmire
of piss and write list junk it's not
American obviously
well I mean of course there's censorship
resistance on the blockchain and there
are alternatives developing and I reckon
that this is going to be a good time for
those censorship resistant sort of
social media platforms like mine's calm
like Steam it like all these other
places where you can go and it's
literally impossible to delete your
content so it's out there and it's up
there but in the meantime you know here
again I just want to say that at least
Alex shows us conspiracy theories
there's always the government behind
every wacky conspiracy whether it's
Pizza Gate or some other crazy theory
but right now we have like lots of
conspiracy theories presented on the
mainstream media but those are kind of
acceptable and they tend to be like I
believe my feeling is that when I watch
Rachel Maddow in particular she kind of
seems like very similar to me in my eyes
to Alex Jones
but her conspiracies are that not the
government but the people of the United
States the voters are somehow involved
in a conspiracy against the government
and against the elite crazy conspiracy
theorists they're they're all worthless
they're all throw them under the bus
forget about the back of the bus just
run them over with the bus because we
want Rush Limbaugh Wonder Bread and fake
news till you die that's America
hey we got to take a break come back
right after this don't go away
welcome back to the Kaizen report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to max
Blumenthal who is senior editor at the
gray zone project max welcome back to
the closet report good to be back you
know the one question I want to ask you
and just keep in the back your mind is
that there's a timeline of how the
slippery slope that America is falling
down into some absolute kind of tar pit
of horribleness and we're gonna we're
gonna come to that question in a minute
just keep that in the back of your mind
but first facebook they shut down the
page for a local DC based anti-fascist
group the headline shouted to the
American public that it was the Russians
but the activists were not Russians okay
your thoughts yes this was one of the
few Facebook pages organizing a counter
protest to the upcoming neo-nazi unite
the right March
all of the pages that were shut down by
Facebook most of which averaged between
zero and seven followers clearly a
threat this must be Putin's thirteen
dimensional chess to like out match the
US by attracting zero followers all of
them were left-wing liberal sites and
some of them may have been fake this one
was real and as I said at the be twin
Russia gate really exploded into the
open and I said this very publicly it
will blow back back on the left
yeah there's the point there's the point
so when you go out there and you start
censoring folks you know you know that
you can't know where to stop and now
it's blowing back it's all coming home
the chickens are coming back and now
it's like that's just a madhouse of
censorship okay what is the Atlantic
Council who finances them what role is
the Atlantic Council playing and
monitoring and censoring content posted
to Facebook well anyone who's watching
this show cares about independent media
should know because Facebook has been so
important for those of us who are an
alternative and independent media that
Facebook has hired a group called DF r L
lab which operates out of the NATO and
arms industry funded Atlantic Council
also funded by Saudi Arabia and another
bunch of pro freedom advocates
in the Gulf including Turkey which
arrests more journalists than any other
country and the D FRL labs job is
basically to market Facebook's
findings and takedowns of these pages
and to justify it they put out a report
on medium.com justifying taking down
these pages which were said to be
Russian they tried to link them to
Russia without coming up with conclusive
proof the pages were actually the report
was actually authored by the Atlantic
Council's resident bot hunter who
falsely identified two living human
beings including a British pensioner and
vollis it's a Ukrainian concert pianist
as Russian BOTS and here he's linked
pages like resistors and a page on
mindfulness and holistic living to a
supposed Russian propaganda plot - so
division in the US there's a racial
undercurrent in the findings on this
medium.com post that one of the pages
that was taken down was dedicated
according to the Atlantic Council -
celebrating the beauty of African women
and black pride and that they concluded
was an attempt to divide Americans and
so division so celebrating the beauty of
black women is sowing division that's
how they're filtering out these pages
and it's it's very disturbing to me
along with the fact that many of my
alternative media colleagues likely camp
from redacted tonight have noticed that
Facebook is de prioritizing their posts
they've refused to allow me to take out
ads for my own factual reporting and
they've basically put a ceiling on the
amount of followers people like Li camp
can get something fishy is going on and
I'm sure baked into something efficient
so let's talk about Alex Jones for a
second now he spent kind of in the
doghouse for a while because he's what I
would call an extreme satirist you know
his conspiracy theories etc are you know
off the charts in terms of their
connection to reality and a lot of times
is but you know we've seen the extreme
satire in the past you know Jonathan
Swift for example his work of eating
babies and things like that work and
sitting it's just anyway all these major
media companies seemed like they
colluded they got on a conference call
and
just all together at one time d platform
them my thoughts on Alex Jones is that
you know after 9/11 there was a lot of
questioning about what was behind this
attack and questioning of the official
version I think there was an
illegitimate side of the truth or
movement which was interested in
internal explosions in the World Trade
Center and you know false flags and
there was a legitimate side that was
interested in the Saudi connection which
we validated and you know question
asking legitimate questions about
blowback things like that Alex Jones
role was to eliminate the legitimate
side and take everyone and take all that
energy that was questioning the Bush
administration in the official line and
move it to the right he started
injecting anti-immigrant vitriol into
the kind of truther movement and just
generally moved everyone to the right I
think in that sense he's actually
benefited the establishment but at this
point he's been singled out kind of as
the most prominent and chaos causing
conspiracy theorists so he's the easiest
target for Silicon Valley and ok
collusion deep platforming across the
board huge tech companies acting at the
same time you have huge tech companies
that can pretty much control everything
we see in here colluding with the
government to shut down someone who I
have nothing but contempt for and it's a
precedent for shutting the rest of us
down it has to be opposed on principle I
said the same thing about Julian Assange
someone I respect I you know I say like
he you're out in the woods of their
friend and a bear is attacking you you
don't have to outrun the bear you just
had that run your friend like for me
Alex Jones with the guy who if they were
gonna come after alternative media they
would eat him first yeah yeah he's the
most recognizable figure right and he's
tomorrow so they they just ate him he
made it into a you know Richard
Linklater films you know that's a cult
figure okay so he's now eaten up you
know now the next layer you know who's
next type of thing because there's
they're totally without control by the
way I would actually say that Artie was
first and it's the easiest target
because it's russian-backed you go after
Artie then you start taking on people
who are simply you know private American
individuals okay let me go to my my my
original question it's a time line
question I remember at the beginning
this interview okay so this sounds like
dystopian nightmare stuff like you read
in 1984 you know like this seems like
media out of control center ship out of
control so historically were what worse
the precedent for this where have we
seen this type of behavior before
historically or is this unprecedented
and are we going down a slippery slope
somewhere with all this because it seems
like now we're at appear a point of no
return in a lot of ways with something
that's clearly out of control can you
can you give us an historico l-- kind of
view where we are on this it goes back
to you know the founding of the united
states we've never been a democracy you
can look at the Alien and Sedition Act
which limited speech you can look at the
Palmer Raids under Wilson which we're
just used to basically round up anyone
promoting socialism inside the United
States and arrested an entire generation
of leftists and destroyed the you know
the first real left-wing movement in the
u.s. you can look at the McCarthy era
everybody knows about the McCarthy era
but now we're in a much more confusing
era where a lot of people who are
traumatized by the election of Trump and
the rise of Trump ISM are willing to
justify in their own minds the
suppression of someone like Alex Jones
who I find completely contemptible
without considering the long-term
consequences and the consequences will
be the same a limiting of speech this is
being carried out by I think the most
dangerous element in the u.s. which is
the radical Center the John Brennan
Center the center of these you know
former intelligence agents who've been
hired as concentr what is the ematic 'el
Center the you know the center of the
American political mainstream which
pushes the most radical policies from
regime change around the world to
structural adjustment policies on the
third world and has completely
destabilized entire regions of the world
while posing as moderates they are the
ones in control of the supposed rules
based liberal international order that
hasn't served the majority of people in
the West and they cannot handle the fact
that they are being rejected in the UK
whether it's by people who voted for
brexit or people who are supporting
Jeremy Corbyn and they've been rejected
in the US whether it's by people who
supported Bernie Sanders or what their
vision of Donald Trump as an
anti-establishment figure is and they
came up with this plague of fake news in
order to shut down alternative media as
part of a general agenda to limit our
freedom to think okay on the
international scene you've recently
interviewed Daniel Ortega who's been
president of Nicaragua since 2007
there's been some recent unrest violence
what's going on first according to how
the mainstream media presents it and
then according to what you believe is
actually happening it's really shocking
if you just google Nicaragua you'll find
a Greek chorus of pro-regime change grey
propaganda and every outlet from the
Guardian to Democracy Now to the New
York Times and none of them did what I
did have done what I did which was to
actually go to Nicaragua and talk to the
masses of sandanista supporters who are
abused and tortured during a violent
right-wing coup attempt that nearly shut
down the country costed 500 million
dollars and was designed not just to
topple Daniel Ortega but to destroy the
sandanista movement of 2 to 2.5 million
people one of the most cohesive
movements progressive social change to
benefit workers in Latin America and
that's what this is about it was about
destroying an example of socialism to
the rest of Latin America it was funded
substantially by USAID and the regime
change arm of the United States the
National Endowment for democracy and we
don't hear about any of that we don't
meet any of the student leaders who were
beaten half to death
shot or tortured because they turned
against this plan for regime change and
we see no analysis of it what it was was
a classic color revolution like the kind
we saw in Eastern Europe blended with
the horrors of Libya and Syria
except fortunately for the people of
Nicaragua the rebels in this case were
not armed by the u.s. they
had been the bloodshed would still be
continuing the Sandinista government has
defeated a coup and in the US media it's
still being portrayed as some kind of
People's Revolution it was a right-wing
counter-revolution very similar very
similar to what we saw in Venezuela with
the good embas where the right-wing
opposition would close off entire
neighborhoods with road blocks to try to
damage the economy they would attack any
many supporters of the government in
that area and then they'd been in
clashing with the police who are
attempting to restore order they
actually shared tactics online and even
traveled to Nicaragua to share their
violent tactics and for the first time
in Nicaragua we didn't see this during
the civil war in the 1980s supporters of
the sin and Easter's were burned alive
burned alive that's what we saw in
Venezuela there were public humiliations
people lashed to trees and strip nude
and whipped on video I interviewed the
wife of a police officer who on his day
off was kidnapped by the opposition
dragged by a truck and taken to a
roadblock where he was burned alive on
video the video is there for everyone to
see but for some reason US media isn't
reporting this side and as I reported at
the grey zone project doing a working
with a independent researcher in
Nicaragua to do a case-by-case analysis
of each death that occurred between the
middle of June and April 18th when this
kicked off Sandinistas have probably
suffered more deaths more murders at the
hands of the opposition than the
opposition suffered at the hands of
Daniel Ortega so this is the big lie
that is being pushed in Congress and in
the media that Ortega and his government
have killed over 300 people that's
totally false
Thanks blow it though then we're out of
time thanks for being on the class trip
thanks for having me well that's gonna
do it for this edition of the cars
report with remax Kaiser and Stacey
Elbert like to thank our guest max
Blumenthal you can reach us on Twitter
at Kaiser report until next time bye all
