in that three don't battle for a society
if you want to know this is the story of
my family of how we live during the time
of Isis the house the home we used to
live in and I got the child daughter
aged 17 years old consists of six
members muffler on what I saw a parson
why no signal for a tile it now I will
tell you the story of my family
so often month buckle Kadima we take
photos at the old part of the city
during less times we lived in dread in
fear no one was free to move even
children would hurt it with count for
baby not wearing a headscarf Sylve all
for not wearing gloves for finish my
love is do I felt welcome all the
children were not allowed to step
outside of the house they were
frightened
they on earth no Emily at de rÃªve one
day during the operations to liberate
the city who we were under heavy
shelling knock us off and of course of
Qatif the owe me another this was on a
daily basis so my daughter went out with
a younger sister Valachi our hotel as
harmony so I said this I saw back at
6:00 in the morning a toilet the
location of the incident you owe me an
asado New Zealand store for two days
they would go out and come back together
on Monday the 17th of April 19 she said
goodbye to her sister and told her to go
as she will be late but I had them Oprah
take lawful little toilet she was hit by
a mortar shell that struck her legs
thought Robert is near I'm higher than
her flesh was in the wall
all black spots and the rest of shroud
shall fire
bharatam in heaven in Lanka / she was
thrown from this area into the yard
immediately I'm her chef at a miniature
bug there uncle's wife saw her from the
window and began screaming saying the
child is dead
yet either her chest full of smoke and
gunpowder from the explosion
governor mm-hmm aha we moved her to our
neighbor's house and gave her a medical
aid don't much to any sugar get out we
were pulling her from the leg leg flew
in this direction inside our neighbor's
house completely out of her whole foot
flying in our neighbor's house her
family tell Adam Carmen para to bid your
honor
her gum took her to the hospital I'm in
West Asia but para
Arnie O'Malley I was so distressed I
didn't go with them my oldest son and
his cousin took her in the vehicle to
the hospital banana I had though a bit
louder by now I'm in Malaysia the ISIS
hospital fish for dinner OSH girl only I
boxed in Sabah he told them that his
sister was injured they do not admit
such case in we the take her to the
house to die there or we give her shot
weekend mainly for the fighters these
cases not secondly she as they said had
been deformed per my allergy alert mat
off so they did not treat her till she
died yeah I need either a job or they
brought her back from the hospital
washed her body until the last resting
place we prayed for her soul that our
neighbours continued well cassava mister
much Baba no call no Messiah we moved
her to her last resting place at 12
o'clock in the afternoon on 17th of
April 2017 the fairness of our bash
fionna gem shit that they jest me more
which is not a cemetery but China really
anyone from burying their dead and
Shahid master for her to be buried her
this mosque
