America's broadcasting watchdog has shut
down the flagship radio station of
controversial personality Alex Jones and
his show Infowars the Federal
Communications Commission has since
filed a complaint with the Justice
Department against texas-based Liberty
radio for quote unlicensed operating
defendants willfully and repeatedly
violated FCC regulations by unlawfully
operating an unlicensed radio station by
reason of the foregoing defendants are
jointly and severally liable to the
United States for a forfeiture penalty
in the amount of $15,000 Alex Jones
launched his website Infowars in the
late 90s his YouTube videos have been
watched over 1.6 million times which is
comparable to most popular Western media
outlets even interviewed Donald Trump
before he became the US president and
was praised by ammonia now here are some
highlights from his shows I'm a pioneer
I'm an explorer just like the Bible says
it's basically an intergalactic invasion
into this space through people I'm
telling you it's what all the ancients
said it's what they warned of is what
we're dealing with they're demons
I came knocking on your door a million
times and you laughed at me I can now
remove the tinfoil hat a crown of power
I despite the shutdown of the radio
station having nothing to do with the
content of Jones's program think it can
continues the string of recent bands on
Infowars on social media
the Infowars has been removed by Apple
YouTube facebook spotify and vimeo all
in one month for violating quote terms
of use twitter also recently blocked
Infowars and joins his personal account
after he posted a video urging Americans
to get rifles ready to counter American
traitors well Twitter suspended Alex
Jones and Infowars for seven days the
mainstream media rushed a question
whether that was long enough a timeout
seems
seems minor compared to the implications
of someone suggesting a call to arms
against a particular group in this case
the media this followers mr. Jones to
arm themselves with battle rifles to
attack the press and Jack Dorsey's
giving him a timeout that sounds right
you had brought you have broadcast
networks openly advocating for the
social media networks to act against
people that they the networks disagree
with and most notably Alex Jones they
urge Twitter to suspend them in the fact
that that the FCC is going after Alex
Jones right now is very very curious
first of all let me say if they if the
network of this Liberty broadcasting was
operating a pirate radio station against
the law it's wrong and and it's it's it
should be it should be punished for that
absolutely but what I find curious is
the timing the timing a couple of weeks
after there was obviously a coordinated
effort by Facebook and others to ban
Alex Jones Apple all on the same day and
then they claimed it was coincidence and
then you have Liberty which the FCC has
known about for several years it goes
back to the Obama administration who
first approached them about running a
pirate radio station that broadcasts
among others Alex Jones and they didn't
do anything about it until now so I
think that there is a coordinated effort
to censor obviously Alex Jones
you
