hey I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I feel like Johnny Cash so many
times in my life that was just one of
them anyway enough about Johnny Cash
let's talk with Stacee max you know it
was in this White House here in 1971
where by President Nixon before he was
impeached to take the United States off
the gold standard and thus the entire
world of the gold standard and we were
on a total fiat currency standard and we
have now reaped the you know the the
basically chaos that he sowed at that
point in time 4050 years later we're now
seeing these huge trade imbalances but
we're also seeing that what happens when
our time preference has shifted and we
became an ultra consumer society we
don't create that much wealth and a lot
of people actually you see are unhappy
they would rather create wealth they
would rather have meaningful existence
and I think that's part of why we have
the opioid addiction and all that sort
of stuff but that's for another episode
so I want to talk about the fiat money
this is men with guns are sent by the
people in these buildings as Paul
Krugman would say the men with guns back
are Fiats but here's a cartoon somebody
named Peyton Stirling did and that's Max
Keiser and saying bitcoin is not a
bubble bitcoin is a pin it looks like
the Pepe Max Keiser that's great for
Christmas as a stocking stuffer you can
get one of these dolls and be the envy
of your entire family nothing out to
your neighborhood you know 1971 it's
another legacy of the Vietnam War isn't
it talk about morale the collapse of
morality
you know the Nixon had to start paying
for that war and got us off the gold
standard to expand the credit credit
expansion to buy more guns to fulfill
the what Eisenhower warned us about the
military industrial complex so since
then we've of course had hyper
financialization and rehypothecation of
all of the assets of america and this is
why we've seen the rapidly escalating in
the past two decades especially the cost
health care the cost for education the
cost for many things houses things that
used to be within the reach of an
ordinary worker and I can remember back
in the 1970s I mean mom after my dad
passed away was a single mother and she
was able to buy a house go to university
with three kids and still like how
imagine a 24 year old woman being able
to do that today no it's not possible
because of the hyper financialization
and all the credit and debt has driven
up the cost of all these things and yet
we just have not risen so I want to turn
to a tweet that I I made in reference to
a Wall Street Journal article and they
were saying that the US will soon spend
close to 20 percent of GDP on health 20
percent of GDP on health I said you know
what we are a high deductible health
insurance policy masquerading as a
country it's a hospital
this guy's not even that like a hospital
at least like if you're dying they're
gonna fix you and they're gonna like
give you resuscitation and put some all
sorts of machines in you there might be
some use there but this is a high
deductible health insurance policy it's
just a piece of paper that comes with a
lot of other paper every single time you
visit the doctor you get it's like 30 40
pieces of paper to explain what happened
and whether or not they're gonna pay and
how much it could have cost and blah
blah blah but here it's just a piece of
paper the financialization it's a piece
of credit that you might possibly have
so it's a high deductible health
insurance policy masquerading as a
country as a result of hyper
financialization that goes back to 1971
and the closing of the gold window in
the absence of hard money in our economy
and it's only getting worse and 20% of
GDP for this type of behavior health
care is a shame you know it's an
embarrassment it's a drain on the vital
resources of the country when you have
all that capacity going into something
that's completely unproductive of course
it was Dick Cheney who said that Russia
was a gas station masquerading as a
country and I think it's something like
12 to 15 percent of Russian GDP is gas
and oil so there is a problem when any
sector becomes too powerful and what
happens especially in annicon
like this is lobbyists and how that
power baguettes more power that
concentration of wealth begets more
power in a war situation so why we're
gonna get to 20% if we get to 20% of our
GDP to healthcare the health insurance
industry it's gonna get to 25% or 30%
they strangle the rest of the economy
health care has become a larger part of
the economy creating powerful
constituencies resistant to changing the
way the system operates the healthcare
industry overtook the retail sector as
the nation's largest employer in
December given local economies and their
workers a stake in the industry's growth
health jobs surpassed manufacturing jobs
and 2008 and these are not productive
jobs sure they save you from maybe dying
but they are not productive jobs they're
not adding to the wealth of the nation
know the number of doctors isn't going
up the number of bureaucrats is going up
yeah the bureaucrat number is for every
doctor used to be maybe one or two
bureaucrats per doctor now it's 10 to 15
bureaucrats per doctor and these
bureaucrats just push paper around like
they pushed Forex money around to make
fees on forex exchange there's no reason
for a forex exchange if you had sound
global money like gold or Bitcoin
there's no need for this insurance
industry to push all this paper around
if you had a health policy that was
commensurate with the health needs
but since you have unfettered
irresponsible lobbyists accessing
unlimited credit from an irresponsible
Federal Reserve Bank you have a infinite
regress that you saw with fiat money
starting in the 1970s and now insurance
companies selling insurance on insurance
contracts on insurance contracts on
insurance contracts with another
bureaucrat and another bureaucrat it's
infinite regress taking the country down
a slippery slope into a miasma of
third-world status highest infant death
mortality rate of any industrialized
nation they had America they have that
all that data and this Wall Street
Journal article but we're going to talk
about the the role of the US dollar and
the sort of debt based system that
enables this sort of system because this
is pure decadence this is really a
kind of a gruesome situation where it's
not even like it's covering everybody
like it's not like Europe where they're
paying something like eight or nine
percent of their economies are health
care but everybody gets treated here
it's like this weird gruesome thing and
now it's you know exactly what they
point to there the jobs so you're never
gonna get rid of it because they didn't
say what are you gonna get rid of you'll
lose jobs
same with California where you have
those powerful prisons and all those
like three strikes you're out
you stole that piece of pizza well
that's your third strike and you know
what you going to prison for forty five
years and no possibility of parole to a
twenty year old guy and they have
situations like that in California
be and they're the population is willing
to spend forty five thousand dollars a
year for the next sixty years to
incarcerate a twenty-year-old because
they stole a piece of pizza well this is
the tragedy of fiat money versus hard
money that people will continue in a job
being paid fiat money that loses its
purchasing power every year the US
dollar losing over ninety eight percent
of its purchasing power instead of
taking a breath taking a step back and
demanding sound money as it's stipulated
in the US Constitution not to demand
hard money or sound money for wages is
to be essentially abdicating any kind of
connection to the Constitution of the
United States you're not even living in
America at that point you're living in
some backwater I just think if we did
have a different sort of global
financial system and trading system that
we probably wouldn't waste our money on
these sort of things and and I don't
think it's very healthy to spend so much
of it seems like we're a very unhealthy
Society of course like we have as you
mentioned the infant mortality rates and
their the mortality rate itself for
adults is also increasing so you know it
seems like probably it's a cause and
effect there I don't know but I also
want to look at this other chart you're
from Wall Street the revenues of
healthcare companies represented nearly
16 percent of the total revenues of
firms in the sp500 last year which is up
from 4% in 1984 when you are working on
Wall Street so that's up fourfold that's
what it looks like in a chart form it's
up since 1984 Goldman Sachs at this
point could take
cancer public as a pasar just gave them
an IDs an IPO they would say we're half
a billion dollars we're taking you know
syndicate putting it together we're
taking cancer public and we're gonna
make sure that everyone gets cancer in
America in the next two years and these
stupid idiots in America would vote for
that they buy it they'd support it they
look for it says people have been
confused because they think there's free
money and they think there's a you know
that the government demonstrated that
when they bailed out banks they looks
like a magic act it looks like something
magical has happened and these banks
were rescued and look this is like Paul
Krugman's right no sorry say call people
stupid but what happens in heat fiat
money begets fiat food it begets a lot
of junk Johnny yeah
fake news is the result of fake money
you know price precedes news if you have
hard money you have hard prices and hard
news when you have fake prices and fake
money you have fake news and with that's
another consequence of having junk money
junk food and that means that people by
definition are stupid their IQs are
dropping like a rock I don't know about
their IQs cuz that's one thing but
they're perhaps understanding of the
world when you mention hard news of
course you think of the Vietnam War and
all the great journalists of that day
who were willing to confront power power
with the truth and that doesn't happen
anymore that definitely you know people
like cNN's Jim Acosta who's in the you
know press pool at the White House he
gets his lipstick smeared one day and
starts crying uncontrollably on
primetime TV and wants a bailout from
the government I mean think of all the
reporters during the Vietnam War who are
puking when they see a Jim Acosta in the
White House President behaving like a
like a little I want to quickly say the
stock market is shrinking that's a
problem for everyone the American stock
market has been shrinking it's been
happening in slow-motion so slow you may
not even have noticed it but by now the
changes are mistakable the market is
half the size of its mid-1990s peak and
25% smaller than it was in 1976
we've lost thousands of company and
reporting on it America is being taken
private with all that fake money so this
is a
problem because this is the wealth of
the nation what I'm saying is like there
are fewer ways to even participate and
it's only the top 200 companies and by
the way of the S&P 500 who are of the
thousands of companies actually listed
that are earning any money
every single one outside the 200 in
general they're losing money this is the
new road to feudalism speaking of the
road of feudalism and big-name
economists an even bigger name bigger
economists like safe teen a moose he's
going to be in the second half I'm the
2-part - no go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max Kaiser time now to continue with a
conversation with safety no moose he's
the author of the instant classic the
Bitcoin standard welcome back thank you
much
weekend it ended off our conversation
talking about chapter 5 of the book time
preference high time preference versus
low time preference you our professor
you teach economics all the time you use
the example of the little kid with the
marshmallow are they willing to defer
consumption now to get to marshmallows
in the future and this of course is not
stressed in the US people are by
definition of Keynesian economics to go
into debt immediately to consume
immediately to get GDP up immediately
yeah and it doesn't matter bomb dropping
bombs going to debt its GDP has got to
be higher yeah and there is no sense of
individual responsibility or building
equity in any sense so how does this
relate them to Bitcoin yeah I think the
key thing is that you know your your
time preference is determined by many
many many factors having to do with say
if you if you live in a place that is
peaceful you're more likely to think of
the future if you live in a place with
conflicts you're more likely to think of
the present and have a high time
preference because you're not certain
that you're going to be surviving but
one factor I think is extremely
important in determining time preference
is money and in fact how the monetary
unit is capable of holding its value
into the future will essentially act
like a control knob for societies time
preference you know obviously it won't
force everybody to it won't become the
only factor but it is a significant
factor that will tend to get people to
behave in certain ways so if the
monetary unit will lose its value over
time people are more likely to want to
spend their money so if you look at
Venezuela today people get paid they run
immediately to the grocery store to try
and spend their money and buy anything
that they can have because you know
buying canned food or anything is much
better than holding on to the money
which is losing its value quickly on the
other hand when money is hard
people will think twice about spending
it you know if the money is gonna
appreciate every year you'll think twice
about spending it today because you
could save a little bit and have more
tomorrow so if you look under the
analogy example that I draw on the
comparison that I do in my book is the
comparing the 19th century to the 20th
century 19th century was the century
hard money and if you look at savings
rates across the European countries and
across the US and you find that savings
rates were very high back then because
money would appreciate and money being
hard meant that the only way that you
would get people to borrow would be
through having other people save and so
the interest rate had to be high enough
to coax savings out of people's hand and
the interest rate would drop
incidentally and would continue to drop
but it would drop as a true market
signal as a true market price because
people are saving more that would lead
to low interest rates and this is really
um Austrian economist bomb barrack calls
you know the interest rate the best
measure of the of a nation's morality
that when people are able to be
extremely conscious of their of their
future they save a lot and that brings
the interest rates down in the 20th
century we've seen government money
bringing the interest rates artificially
down so people don't want to say they
don't exactly interest rates because
that's our virtue signaling yep by
keeping interest rates if you're not
actually saving resources there then
you're just trying thinking that you're
going to get a free lunch and that's of
course you know Keynesian thinking
doesn't understand the concept of
opportunity cost it doesn't understand
the concept of thinking for the long run
because it is fixated on getting current
spending up right now you know it's just
it's it's it's it's it's the Eric
Cartman high time preference I want it
right now
moves way of looking at the world you
know we just need to get GDP up now
doesn't matter if it means bombing
countries or giving money to any any
kind of stupid cause or having
government build things you know Keynes
himself said you know digging holes and
filling them up again there's no concept
of economic scarcity and the fact of
this later space absolutely get our GDP
up yeah what matters is right now the
right here and so that drives people
towards more spending I mean government
policy and low interest rates drive
people towards spending more saving less
borrowing more so if you look at savings
rate today they're almost non-existent
across the Western world the one country
that still has a relatively high savings
rate to Switzerland which was the last
country to go off the gold standard so
this I think is an extremely important
fact and that's what got me really
interested in Bitcoin
in the first place because this is a
chance for anybody in the world no
matter what your government is doing you
can opt out of your central bank by
going online and joining the Internet's
central bank which is if almost
unstoppable you get a centralized bank
it's a decentralized central bank and
you join it and you have your money and
you can start thinking long term and you
see this with Bitcoin as you know if you
if you talk to bitcoiners you know
they'll tell you once they started
holding on to Bitcoin they started
understanding the true opportunity cost
of holding on to money I love spending
money and they start becoming more and
more conscious about what they spend
their money there's like a way of life
that would be commensurate with what we
hold here in the United States as being
American values you know Ben Franklin
said a penny saved is a penny earned
yes thrift and frugality are American
you know values and this is what the US
and the 18th and the 19th century it was
in the 20th century that this conception
of the US as a consumer economy came
along and I don't think it's no
coincidence that it came along with high
end with artificially manipulated low
interest rates and great money with
credit like even last night at our event
the the subject It's a Wonderful Life
the film came up yes and somehow the
fact that this somebody needed to buy a
house and they didn't have the money for
it and they went into the credit markets
for that yeah is preferable to the idea
of being able to saving and buying that
house so and and the interesting thing
about that example is that you know
after the movie is from 1947 and the
house that they want to buy is $5,000
worth so you know it makes an emotional
appeal to the cab driver who can't
afford to buy the house and you know if
we give him credit he'll have the house
well you know it's 60 years on we 70
years on we see that the price of a
house that house that was five thousand
dollars back then it's probably half a
million dollars right now so that you
know you're not going to create
resources by printing out pieces of
paper handing the people to buy things
you're just going to raise the prices or
Ernie the cab driver will never buy that
house because the price keeps escalating
do all the credit exact a sing this
credit of heroine trail yeah into the
rabbit hole and not only that it's
actually becoming less affordable over
time because people instead of actually
working on building more houses to make
them more for the
they're working on trying to get their
hands on low interest rates but it's a
sound money hard money it's it's part
and parcel of an economy that rewards
savers and also gives an economy where
if banks screw up they go they must go
out of business they can't be bailed out
and hard money is just the natural
outcome that it would emerge on a market
people will choose the hardest money
whether they know it or not the majority
of wealth will end up in artists money
because people who choose easy money
when end up losing their wealth you can
only get to this sort of situation using
Krugman's favorite men with guns who
force people to have a high time
preference who force people to use money
that depreciates who force people to
think of the present because as Keynes
said you know in the future we're all
dead well you know he's dead but
unfortunately for many of us we still
have to live in the consequence as Henry
Hazlitt puts it brilliantly you know we
are now living in the future he warned
us well he told us not to worry about
because we would all be dead well he's
dead but you know he didn't have
children but you know but we are around
we're suffering from the consequences of
that we've suffered from the
consequences of decades of having
governments they have the ability to
print money at will financing war
financing whatever they want and turning
economic wealth from being something
that is produced that is earned through
producing something useful on the market
in to effectively government brownie
points this is just a loyalty scheme to
government that government rewards
people for being good citizens with
China with their credit score so you
mentioned earlier that people are being
missive and relized about Bitcoin and so
and you know this book is brilliant and
so educating people I think is gonna be
part of your you know go forward here my
understanding is you're gonna have a
newsletter so what sort of content will
subscribers expect in that after writing
the book you know the book was extremely
it was a beautiful process but it took
me about it was 11 months from the time
that I finished the first draft of the
book and until it got published so it
takes a lot of time to go through
traditional publishing means in order to
get it and to try and publish through
Wiley is the publisher
don't see any typos or anything that's
good job Wiley yeah absolutely Thank You
Phil you did a wonderful job with it
however you know it's still a
brick-and-mortar institution and you
know Bitcoin moves very very quickly and
really you know I would've loved to have
this book out earlier if we could but
well so what I think you know what I
think moving forward the best way for me
to be able to work is to try and provide
my content directly to people who are
interested in it and that's why I'm
going to you know instead of working
with institutions that might set their
agenda and instead of trying to go
through publication menus that might try
to force me to tailor my message in a
certain way I'm not saying why they were
like that they were absolutely brilliant
and how they did it but I'd like to just
have the ability to send an email
directly to people and this is what I'm
going to be working on right now I'd
like to and I want to make it a
subscription service so that it can
finance me to allow me to focus on this
full-time so that I could work on
Bitcoin deliver the research to people
who value it immediately and not have to
worry about you know appeasing anybody's
agendas or so on so if you're interested
in my work if you like my book I urge
you to log on to my blog or my website
or my Twitter and you'll see a link to
the patreon page which would allow you
to subscribe to my research bulletin
it's going to be a monthly research
report in which I discussed some of the
more important topics in Bitcoin go over
the economics of them and okay so now
the technology itself is not really the
main topic this is more putting it as
the role of money in the history of
money and monetary history and economics
and this has been sorely lacking in the
space yeah for example this idea well
what does Bitcoin what problem does it
solve it solves a problem called money
you know and money is required as the
problem of Paul Krugman yeah yeah thank
God yes the owner of the New York Stock
Exchange recently said that Bitcoin
could be the first global currency I
mean I think it's an admirable sentiment
but it wouldn't be the first it would be
the second the gold was the first global
currency the gold standard was
effectively or operational across the
world Bitcoin we didn't need all of this
economic
all this technological innovation in
order to develop a global money because
gold emerged as a global currency on its
own without any of this technological
stuff however what we need Bitcoin what
we needed all this technological
innovation for what we needed all this
elaborate and extremely complicated
Bitcoin structure for and all this
mining and proof of work is to get
around government control that's really
what Bitcoin does it allows you to have
money that is much much much much harder
for governments to control than all the
other previous alternatives and that's
really what it's what I think is
important about it so they talk about
19th century the gold standard and a
period of innovation and I was thinking
about it reading it there's some very
you know straightforward logic here that
during that period with the gold
standard which was kind of near with the
Industrial Revolution you know part of
the Industrial Revolution was it you had
standardization you know screws are the
same size you have wrenches were the
same size and you had the assembly line
so the gold standard had global trade
and everyone traded with the same value
per ounce per gram which which
flourished which had global trade went
because money was not like five trillion
dollar a day forex market absolutely
where there's always variation is
fluctuation you never you can't plan on
what your value of your outputs gonna be
because the currency is constantly in
flux when we went post Goldston
absolutely I think the move from a one
universal global money to this national
currencies in one country might just be
the greatest technological regression in
human history you know we the idea that
in in in 1900 you could travel all over
the world with gold and you could
measure prices of goods and services and
products from all over the world using
the same unit which was constant in in
its value is it was an enormous idea is
enormous the beautiful and powerful
thing and it allowed the economies of
the world to grow in a lot of global
trade to grow in the most innovation you
argue yeah that we've ever seen in a
concentrated period that in the 20th
century with just kind of variations on
things that came during this gold you
know we'd like to think of technology as
always advancing but I think you know
the zero to one kind of innovation the
most transformative innovations we've
seen where 19th century innovations and
in the 20th century we've improved on it
in fact there's also data that shows
that the percentage of it the amount of
innovations per day
per capita in that period was higher
than it is today and I think the reason
for that is related to low time
translated to the ability of people to
think long term and also related to the
fact that there was this one unit all
over the world that allowed businesses
to plan very well all that is succinctly
and brilliantly encapsulated in this
thin volume which is a classic instinct
thanks for being on the cars replay cuz
so much for having me max it's pleasure
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy I would like to thank our guests
safety Nomos author of the Bitcoin
standard if you want to reach us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye all
