the members of the new greatness
movement are accused of organizing an
extremist gank and calling for a
constitutional revolution the
investigation claims this young man was
its leader and here is how he described
its purpose to establish new rules on
Russian territory put the ruling elite
on trial and repeal repressive laws and
the Constitution the idea of the
movement grew out of private chats on
social media platforms here's an extract
again the revolutionary fire is starting
everywhere but we can't do anything like
this here in our country that's sad it
all began when a few young people from
Moscow and its regions started to share
their political views with each other
online later they began meeting in
person mostly in McDonald's cafes to
pardons some political rallies handed
out political leaflets and made a few
trips outside the city to learn how to
use firearms they even wrote a manifesto
in case of an uprising all revolutionary
activities that receive broad public
support the organization aims to take
part in those actions to the extent of
its resources in March 10 members of the
organization were arrested their defense
team claims the idea to create a
full-scale movement with its own office
program and even an Amblin belongs to an
FSB agent who under the name Ruslan D
handful traded the group of the
youngsters encouraged their ideas and
effectively created a reason for their
arrest the detainees say that he was the
one who paid most of the money to rent a
place where they gathered and planned to
buy firearms another two alleged members
one of them an acting policeman claimed
they only joined the group in order to
turn them over to the authorities
all of them are witnesses for the
prosecution in the case the law which
regulates intelligence gathering
activities in Russia forbids police from
provoking someone to commit a crime the
person under the name Ruslan D is a
provocateur he carried out a provocation
against children he did what he could to
create this organization and made sure
it looked the way he wanted this is an
unsanctioned so-called mother's March
which hit the streets of the Russian
capital on Wednesday people gathered to
demand to the authorities transfer the
detainees to house arrest considering
their young ages one of the detainees
was just 17 at the time of her arrest in
the group's online chats she wrote that
she was interested to learn how to throw
Molotov cocktails and claimed to have
known someone who could supply weapons
guys I've remembered some connections
there's a dude in Odessa who trades
weapons in Ukraine I want to get in
touch with him it's a sure thing he
knows people from my done maybe they can
devise something what do you think
since being jailed Anna's health has
reportedly worsened she cries throughout
the court hearings Anya was being driven
in cold prison van for hours it was
minus 11 outside
she was interrogated for many hours with
no psychologist or lawyer present she
was treated like a seasoned criminal
they made her cry how can a 17 year old
withstand this if found guilty they face
up to 10 years in prison right in the
question of our team Moscow
you
