the US says economic sanctions against
Turkey will remain in place even if
Ankara releases an American pastor who
made it arrested on suspicion of
terrorism ties
that's after both sides impose further
tariffs on each other the concerns over
whether the situation has escalated too
much were raised at the US State
Department important is this one
American to put global financial
stability at risk put US base presence
in Turkey at risk put a NATO ally
alliance with a NATO partner at risk for
one American who's being put through the
Turkish just so you're saying this is
our fault
the situation is our fault why escalate
it to that level or for for a single
American has not been tortured or treat
mystery you know these I think take
issue with the premise of your question
turkeys financial situation has been in
the works for quite some time and it
dates prior to the imposition of
sanctions on August I believe it was
August the 1st so this has been in train
for quite some time and you cannot blame
the US government for that Artiste
on-quarter now takes a look at how the
decades-old alliance between the US and
Turkey spiraled to this point country
was built on tariffs and tariffs are now
leading us to great new trade deals as
opposed to the horrible and unfair trade
deals that I inherited is your president
other countries should not be allowed to
come in and steal the wealth of our
great u.s.a no longer what countries
could he mean are stealing could it be
turkey the country's lira shed a quarter
of its value against the dollar in just
one week after Trump's tweet about
doubling existing tariffs investors are
running away screaming inflation surging
and Turkey's leadership is bracing for
an all-out trade war the reason for such
a calamity against an old NATO friend
was anchor as refusal to release an
American pastor accused of both
terrorism and espionage it's punishment
time for a rebellious Ally the tariffs
that are in place on steel would not be
removed with the release of pastor
Brunson and president erdogan lashed out
in defiance calling the US move and
attempt to force Turkey to surrender and
make them a slave to the greenback there
is an economic attack against Turkey
earlier such things were done in secrets
and now they're open to us we can react
in two ways economically and politically
still some are wondering if Ankara
actually has the power to challenge
Washington this is Trump's way of doing
things and unfortunately but turkeys
just one example of how the Trump
administration treats longtime allies in
fact many of America's friends have
already been forced into the fray in a
war of tariffs and sanctions Canada had
heavy steel and aluminum tariffs imposed
earlier this year and Trump perhaps
thought the Stars and Stripes needed
some protection from its northern
neighbor who didn't take too kindly to
it that it's kind of insulting we move
forward with retaliatory measures on
July first applying equivalent tariffs
to the ones that the Americans have
unjustly applied to us as if that wasn't
bad enough the u.s. president went and
slapped tariffs on Europe today I'm
defending America's national security by
placing tariffs on foreign imports of
steel and aluminum the American steel
aluminum industry has been ravaged by
aggressive foreign trade practices it's
really an assault on our country
brussels tried to hit back with
restrictions of its own tried to appeal
to the transatlantic solidarity special
relations bonds of friendship but to no
avail and it begs the question with such
a long list of enemies the US is
currently fighting from Iran to North
Korea Russia China why take your allies
think this has become a real tit-for-tat
thing and I do not for a New York minute
think that the pastor is really what is
going on here now of course our
Washington's ties with Ankara have been
strained for some time
ever since the coup attempt against air
Dewan I suspect there's something going
on with regional politics maybe with
regard to Syria that is really the
reason behind this competitors like
Beijing and Moscow attempting to pack as
much heat as the us these days
sanctioning and scaring everyone in view
may be the only way for the u.s. to
impose its will on friend and foe alike
Donald quarter RT
you
