a news outlets activist or radio host
banned by a social media platform for
violating Terms of Use
some familiar nowadays just as one
scandal over suspending or banning
subsides another one brews this time
it's the Latin American news channel
Telesur that's been on the receiving end
of a facebook blackout and not for the
first time back in January this year the
news outlet temporarily disappeared from
Facebook allegedly due to an internal
mistake on the platform today though
things got more serious your page
Telesur English has been removed for
violating our Terms of Use tell us or
say they received no further explanation
of why exactly their page was removed
they see this incident as no coincidence
but rather a pattern of censorship by
social media giants now in case you're
wondering this isn't a case of deja vu
just last week in fact Infowars and
alternative and controversial media
platform run by Alex Jones was also
banned by YouTube Apple and Facebook for
violating policies and Terms of Use now
what do these have in common an
independent platform criticized for
spreading all right conspiracy theories
and a left-leaning channel publicly
funded by Venezuela Cuba Bolivia
Nicaragua and Uruguay
seemingly diametrically opposed views
well the answer is both a critical of
the American establishment war Lobby and
global regime change both have now faced
bans during the battle against fake news
conducted by Facebook along with its new
partners such as the digital forensic
research lab now this is an offshoot of
the Atlantic Council think-tank in turn
a member of the Atlantic Treaty
Organization although formally
independent of NATO and Washington
openly sharing both their values and
speakers fighting fake news is a noble
cause Terms of Use upset by platforms
individually violate them and expect a
ban
increasingly though the question will be
asked is it violating social media
policies or violating mainstream
consensus and prevalent narratives that
can really land you in hot water
Daniel Hawkins well we have asked
Facebook to comment on why they banned
the outlet so far they've chosen not to
respond
you
