thanks so much for joining us today
giving us this time for this interview
it's a great pleasure to have you on our
team
News Channel I want to begin just asking
about your your legacy you've won five
elections in Uganda you've been in power
for decades you have a lot of supporters
citing Uganda's growth stability the
reduction in poverty also some critics
who talk about human rights etc how do
you see your legacy as President of
Uganda
well our legacy was to analyze and find
out the diagnosis like in medicine where
you diagnose the disease and then you
prescribe the medicine you know that's
that one is not so easy people can to
answer the question in in Russia during
the time of Lenin he had a question of
what is to be done he even wrote an
essay about it so that question of what
is to be done is always a very big
question for for leaders and I think our
contribution was to answer that question
what is to be done in an African country
were able to identify 10 strategic
bottlenecks and pointed them out and we
pointed out that if you want to if you
want uganda to develop want africa to
develop you must address these 10
bottlenecks so i think that is our
biggest contribution I'm glad you
mentioned Russia and and Lenin that was
gonna be my next question obviously
there's a big history of relations
between Russia what was the former
Soviet Union back then and Uganda and
all those years ago it was based a lot
of it was based on
ideology on socialism the anti
imperialist colonialist struggle how has
that relationship evolved over the years
from what began as support for
liberation movements from the USSR to
today's relationship with Russia how has
that changed and evolved well it is
still more or less the same same
direction because Africa is still
struggling administer humanism against
foreign domination and we always find
support from Russia from China from
other peace-loving countries we are now
taking that into economic cooperation so
it is more less same line but adding
economy now and that's right it was good
the delegation delegation came near and
we thought about Economic Cooperation
just going back to that topic of
Audiology and economy you yourself a man
of left leading ideal zero at the
forefront of much anti-colonial struggle
do you think nice ideals that embodied
that relationship between the Soviet
Union and Uganda still are relevant
today yes because ambitions of hegemony
are not good what we want is a win-win
relationship in the world and this was
true in the past it is it is true today
and it will be true tomorrow humanism is
part of parasitism and therefore we are
always cooperating with the countries
which want freedom and equality among
countries following on from that
question there's a lot of countries now
who are investing and want to invest in
Africa Russia China and Japan India
Western states as well where do see
Russia's role in those key areas of
cooperation the mining the defense
systems the energy supply etc how keys
Russia's role in investing in Uganda
well it's very crucial first of all the
set of energy they can play a very big
role on the issue of minerals and
mineral analysis they can play a very
important role in the issue of tourism
Russian tourists can come here
Russia buying from Africa a lot of who
can supply a lot of things to to Russia
so both are the market a source of
knowledge and technology but also as a
source of investments Russia is very
important 20:19 is going to see the
first Russia Africa summit warrior
expectations for that summer and what do
you think can be achieved through those
negotiations and through that meeting
the those meetings are very good because
you harmonize views you may not have
individual projects but you harmonize
views on the globe on trade on the
environment on freedom they are good as
the contact points reaction see thanks
so much for your time today
Russia talking tea
