hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaizen
report you know we're in Washington DC
where a lot of things are happening and
we're gonna get down to it right now
with Stacey
well max we are here to see safety and a
moose and his new book the Bitcoin
standard which is an instant classic as
you say and we had dinner with him last
night but what I want to talk about is
Bitcoin and understanding Bitcoin
because this is kind of the theme of
this episode of course it is going to
take down the pillars of government as
you see behind us all the Capitol Hill
and the White House and I want to look
at a tweet here a tweet stream that we
had with Satoshi Nakamoto himself some
interactions we had with him or at least
a guy who alleges he is he's a bit of a
bonehead most people say but
nevertheless somebody tweeted that you
know a link to some of the people you
should follow in order to understand
crypto they put a Andreas Antonopoulos
fall convenient for he's Roger ver and
then professor Faustus who is this fake
Satoshi guy and then Max Keiser and he
wrote about you he said you put me next
to Kizer chill and Ponzi pimper of the
decade
arrghh bitcoin is cash freedom not some
huddle ponzi so what do you have to say
that max
poppycock well it doesn't understand
really that there is a history of money
that came before Bitcoin and that
there's a need for people to have hard
money and that there's a need to exit
the government fiat system and there's a
need to exit the central bank system and
if the object of your project like
Bitcoin cash is to spend your way into
debt then you are merely replicating all
the worst aspects of the current system
so I think this guy was sent here by
anti Satoshi the Antichrist of Bitcoin
to keep people focused on what's
important that is hobbling in Bitcoin if
there wasn't a Craig right he would have
to be invented because you need the guy
in the story who's the who's the Nemesis
who's the punching bag who's the loser
and now we have we have it and his name
is dr. Craig right so in your interview
in the second half a safety and a moose
and you've just interviewed him so I got
to see it you do mention that in Chapter
five of his book it's all about time
preference so here's a guy who claims to
have like 36 master's degrees and 17
PhDs and that he's satoshi nakamoto and
he invented this stuff and yet he
therefore in his tweet displays that he
himself does not understand the
economics that Satoshi Nakamoto would
have they would have understood time
preference they what he would have
understood the the significance of time
preference to developing and building
wealth and this guy whoever dr. Craig
Wright is he doesn't understand that
where he's saying is all about spending
not hold holding not building wealth not
saving for the future and if somebody
whoever invented Bitcoin
they created a deflationary currency so
it's very bizarre for somebody to say I
am Satoshi and in fact even though it's
deflationary even though there's a fixed
supply even though it's mimics the way
one minds gold even though all that
stuff exists I actually meant you to
spend it like it's a Visa card not
accumulate it stack it save it and build
on it Craig Wright is the Jim Jones of
diggy on a suicide cult when it comes to
Bitcoin if he's Satoshi then I'm Oprah
Winfrey and he doesn't understand the
first thing about it or he may have at
one point like Satan remember was a
friend of Christ true and then he was
cast out of heaven and he became you
know he was an angel wasn't he and that
he became Satan Craig right Roger ver
Rick fuck Dean yeah the whole Bitcoin
cash or Fallen Angels they have become
satanic and they are important because
they provide the ipso to de facto the
beta to the alpha the Nemesis to the
hero Satoshi is the hero Craig Wright is
the villain I'm going to move on to the
next headline but I do want to say in
the past we have discussed it but we
that what cash meant to the cypherpunks
who developed because it's not just one
satoshi nakamoto it's whoever even if it
was an individual they were building
upon innovations and creations and ideas
of the entire cyberpunk movement of 30
years prior and cash was about anonymity
and basically trustless internet and
permissionless interactions financial
and communication so I think that's why
this guy is it was never about competing
with me do you need forty thousand
quadrillion calculations per second
which is the current hash radar there
abouts to buy a cup of coffee I don't
think so that's not really the point the
store of value proposition the ability
to operate outside of the government
with hard money store of value the first
time in history is the use case so dr.
Wright faked Toshi and is no different
than a doctor paul krugman doctor dr.
paul kruger dr. Mengele fine we'll go
with that and dr. Craig right
they are eugenicist as was Keynes okay
into a eugenicist exactly let's just
keep that in the past and let's move on
to the future which is this headline I
have a tweet regarding the trustless
nature of Bitcoin people put more faith
in a guy named Satoshi Nakamoto that no
one has ever met than they do in the US
Fed now the important thing about this
is this quote comes from Jeffrey
spreader he's the chairman and CEO of
the New York Stock Exchange and i seee
which is another exchange they've just
announced this new backed app which is a
way to trade cryptocurrency using the
new york stock exchange but again people
put more faith he observes in this
anonymous guy named Satoshi Nakamoto
who's nobody has ever met than they do
in the US Fed which is a very powerful
observation it's a profound statement I
mean do we know who invented fire no but
it doesn't stop me from using it do we
know who invented the wheel no but it
doesn't stop me from using it but the
thing is you don't need to trust anybody
you don't need to trust the Toshi
Nakamoto you don't need to
trust the person you're selling
something to or it's selling your
Bitcoin to or trading your Bitcoin with
because the blockchain
is is the distributed ledger is what you
trust the maths or what you trust so
that's what you need to trust you don't
need to trust it the maker of it no it's
self evidence and self realizing in a
spontaneously self working protocol that
is the turned Wall Street person into a
Bitcoin er and that's like turning water
into wine
that's like turning loaves and fishes to
feed the multitudes you're taking a
hardcore Wall Street monetarist loser
and you're rising them up like to become
cured of their idiocy and fallacies and
disabuse them of their Wall Street ways
to embrace Bitcoin Satoshi Nakamoto in
the way of the blockchain there's
another headline regarding this guy
because he was just recently interviewed
in Forbes and several other publications
of course because it was a big news that
this app called backed is coming out
from them Bitcoin could be the first
worldwide currency New York Stock
Exchange owner says he believes it could
be the new currency he's also by the way
the international the intercontinental
exchange is the IC e exchange but in
terms of this becoming a global currency
I think it makes so much sense in terms
of how we've lost our way we have all
these trade wars that's I think a more
violent way to resolve a situation where
the likes of Germany and China have
massive massive trade surpluses and the
United States has a massive deficit the
United States because it's a nation and
yet the globe uses as currency it has to
run a deficit so we'll always run a
deficit which means that well it will
bleed wealth creating jobs it will bleed
all this the heartland of manufacturing
and then we we lead to a situation like
today where we have like a mass meltdown
in the the in the partisanship the the
hysteria across how the people don't
trust each other nobody everybody hates
each other and it's partly to do with
the this huge trade deficit and
the nature of our global financial
system which has you know unresolved
without resorting to either going back
to a gold standard for global trade or
big hello he's wrong about Bitcoin
possibly being the first global currency
because of course gold was the first
normal currency in the 19th century
particularly in the second half of the
19th century the greatest period of
innovation in the history of the world
if you read the Bitcoin standard
and because you had a global unit of
account so people could do business
there was no five trillion dollar day
forex market which some essentially
equate to kind of a partial barter
system which is pre kind of even use of
money so here you have now this new
attempt at a global unit of account a
global currency Bitcoin that will be
controlled by people not any central
government so it has the chance to do
what Gould failed to do to escape the
the intra T's of the central bankers and
they've PhD wielding economists the fact
that it's censorship resistant and
permissionless I think could be the the
trigger that sets it off into being a
global currency a global unit of account
for trade because you see the likes of
Venezuela the likes of Iran being cut
off from the financial grid you see
Swift being used as a weapon and and
people like trying massive countries
like China China rejects us requests to
cut Iran oil imports so here's a country
any country needs oil they need energy
to build they need energy for
manufacturing for creating wealth and
they're being told you can't do that you
can't import these because we control
the financial grid I think necessity
will lead to ultimately a better outcome
which is a Bitcoin standard or a gold
standard either way but it looks like
certainly China's preparing for a gold
standard they've been buying up a lot of
gold but it could be a unit of account
seeking where transactions cannot be
censored and I think that's the future
that we have
created ourselves because of these
buildings behind us it's censorship you
know censorship of money that we don't
like and censorship of words you know we
like our First Amendment right don't we
well speaking of all these fantastic
censorship related immutable blockchain
Bitcoin revolutions from the ground up
in the second half we're talking to safe
teen a moose the author of the Bitcoin
standard so don't go away stay right
there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to safety
now moose author of the Bitcoin standard
safe teen welcome thank you so much for
having me again max it's a pleasure to
be here yeah it's a really fantastic
book that is gaining a lot of attention
all over the crypto community and all
over the really economics professionals
looking at this because this is the
first major change in monetary history
we've had in many hundreds of years
actually people say first question the
use case for Bitcoin is what and one of
the things that is very important to
understand is that this is money that
can be controlled completely outside of
government and that's a huge break in
the history of money and it's vastly
important can you just speak on that to
begin with
yes so I think a common problem is that
a common problem people have with
Bitcoin is as somebody put it to me is
that Bitcoin has been miss evangelized
people have marketed Bitcoin as a
cheaper better PayPal or a cheaper
better Visa and MasterCard and I think
that's a complete category error it's
completely missing the point of what
bitcoin is and why bitcoin is important
bitcoin is not meant to be a consumer
payment network bitcoin will have
consumer payment networks installed on
top of it bitcoin is more like a reserve
assets or more like a high at the base
money that is used for the settlement of
consumer payments so this the point of
my book was really to try and explain
that and the title the Bitcoin standard
tries to get that point across by
drawing analogy with the gold standard
and I think this is really a better way
of understanding how Bitcoin functions
it's similar to the gold in a financial
system and then consumer payments are
layered on top of that the most continue
on this idea that's gold outside of the
government's because the government's
and the central banking system in the
fiat money system and even with gold in
under the control mostly of governments
and gold the bullion banks people do not
have really the freedom that
they would hope to have in a free
society because their money is
essentially controlled and therefore
they are controlled by putting money
outside of the banking system and giving
people access to this unimpeachably
immutable sound money or hard money you
change the dynamic between people and
government that's extraordinary and only
possible with Bitcoin just you talked
about it at length in the book expand
out a little yeah absolutely and I think
a very important book to read about this
which preceded Bitcoin is the sovereign
individual by Davidson and Reis MOG it
was written in 1997 but they discuss the
creation of something very similar to
Bitcoin as the final missing jigsaw
puzzle piece that will complete this
shift away from having more and more
government power and control over
monetary assets and over individuals
towards moving more towards a society in
which individuals themselves have the
sovereignty and specifically the idea is
that digital telecommunications and all
of this modern technology that we have
is moving individuals towards having
more sovereignty and more control
because more and more of the economic
activity of the world is now
informational it's not physical it
doesn't require physical capital it's
data it's information it's knowledge and
information and knowledge is very hard
to control with guns it's very hard to
coerce it's very hard to put in the
service of people with guns you
mentioned men with guns there Paul
Krugman of the New York Times recently
wrote an editorial criticizing Bitcoin
as he's done several times he said think
about dollars in fiat money and the
history of money is that it has
progressively taken friction out of
money and the use of money and
ultimately however the US dollar we have
to remember it's backed by men with guns
yes now yes exactly it's a sort of
markedly stupid thing to say I think
it's you know the improvements in
payment settlements are not things that
governments introduced the improvements
in payments technology became because of
the Telegraph and because of the
telephone
because of the all methods of
communication and transportation
governments impose imposition of
monopolies on these infrastructures have
not reduced the friction of this like
any kind of government monopoly does not
help the consumers because all that it
does is it restricts their choices of
the consumers and of the providers so by
turning this into a monopoly it does not
help the advancement of these things on
the contrary it does the exact opposite
and the idea that you know having men
with guns threatening people and
throwing them into jail is somehow
something to boast about about how your
currency is better I think it's quite
astonishing you know the the fact that
any business or any individuals go
around saying well you know my business
is better because if you don't use mine
then we would shoot you or throw you
into jail I think tells you everything
you need to know about the kind of
business that they're running it's not
something that would be chosen freely on
the market otherwise it wouldn't need
men with guns behind it so you know the
history of the evolution of money and
the evolution of payments and the
evolutions of our and the evolution of
payment networks and banking is the
history of human innovation and
ingenuity on the one hand and then human
violence men with gun trying to co-opt
that to the benefit of individuals or
governments or groups that that benefit
from that but you know we see this in
any kind of a market economic system
when there's free market when there's
competition when people are free to have
a choice between different options the
best option wins when governments all
right people have a choice of free
choice that gets into some historical
economic considerations and actually the
Bitcoin standard is in my mind really
three books that there's the Bitcoin
book there's a brilliant encapsulation
and history of Austrian economics which
for folks who are interested in Austrian
economics they can get a lot by reading
this book and thirdly it's a bit of a
self-help book
you know chapter five talking about high
time and low time preference yeah it's a
very interesting look at how ikan
economies work but that idea of choice
that you keep bringing up and people I
think would like to choose
to get out of a system that we're in now
where banks like Wells Fargo our serial
you know
criminals all the major banks in the UK
in the US are engaged in serial
criminality and this not concept of too
big to fail and they're co-option of the
system and their ability to simply print
money whenever they make a mistake they
just print more money to cover up that
mistake people if they had the option to
choose a different system I think would
choose a different system and so bitcoin
is that path right I mean you can choose
to opt out of the serial criminality of
Wall Street and Wall Street banks by
moving from fiat money to hard money
Bitcoin right absolutely this is the
incredible thing about Bitcoin and why
it's a truly astonishing innovation
because the men with guns can't really
stop it it's not exactly something that
can be stopped because it's not physical
there are no locations to it and you
know there are no in my book I have a
section of the book that discusses how
to kill Bitcoin and I Ellis trait how
it's just not easy it's not an easy
thing to do so effectively anybody in
the world with an internet connection
and that means a growing percentage of
the planet right now is able to have
access to a hard form of money that
can't be inflated and that's really the
key concept we're having you know we're
putting the men with guns on the side
because people now have the choice to
opt out they have search to go around
the men with guns and the guns can't
stop the data going through wires so
more through satellites or whatever so
the we're gonna see this so we're seeing
the free market competition now and the
guns won't help government's money as
people just simply can exit almost
untraceable and without any without any
ability to detect them you know somebody
could have they're a part of their life
savings put in Bitcoin and if more and
more people keep doing this it becomes
more and more profitable for others to
hold Bitcoin and the network continues
to grow and provides a serious
alternative to central banking which is
what really is the subtitle of my book
and that's really how I think of the
importance of a Bitcoin it's an
alternative to a system of government
monopolies on central banks around the
world
where
you just get to choose to take part in a
system that performs the functions of
central banks in terms of payment
settlement internationally and monetary
policy internationally without having to
resort to the central bank it's an
astonishing idea if you think about it
you know for people like Krugman you
know central banking was the crowning
achievement of financial innovation that
finally you know after all these
centuries we've managed to find this
model of a central bank that has a
monopoly that can enforce the force
people to use its own currency and you
know protect the banking system which
okay let's talk about chromium for a
second because of course he represents
the skull of Keynesianism yes and this
Bitcoin is a school really Austrian
school hard money school canteens kind
of define the economy as level of
spending and they're willing to go into
debt to spend they have no recognition
of hard money whatsoever
you know I say in this show a lot of
times they can't have capitalism without
capital you can't have capital without a
savings rate that encourages people to
save because that's where you get the
money because the building's your
economy yeah that's kind of an Austrian
concept in a way so here you have
finally a way you know to the Keynesian
Zout there the Krugman is up they have
the federal government and the central
bank's on their side clearly they're
corrupt clearly they are pushing war
clearly they're pushing indebtedness
they're the ones behind student debt
they're the ones behind medical debt
because they don't think that's a
problem they think it never as Keynes
said you know in the long run we all die
something to that effect that they net
there's never a reconciliation but hard
money of course was dominated by gold
thinking that's where we first met was
talking about gold nothing eight eight
years ago or so but Bitcoin allows for
like not only hard money and for saving
but to do it completely outside of the
government system in a way you're you're
bleeding the government of its ability
to coerce yes and introduce schemes that
are underwriting the health system and
the educational system and in ways that
are not healthy let's talk about chapter
five for seconds which I heard you speak
recently he said
favorite chap temperature it's about
time preference high time preference low
time preference so it kind of plays into
this little bit talk about this if you
can yeah this it's a very important
concept I think possibly the most
important concept in economics I make
sure to teach it in every class that I
teach whatever the topic of the class I
have to get this through to my students
because I believe it's the most
important concept you could learn in
economics and of course you know in the
modern economic University textbook it's
not even mentioned the concept is just
relates to how much people discount the
future compared to the present so people
with a high time preference have a high
discount rate on the future they don't
think of the future much they prefer to
focus on the present people with a low
time preference think more of the future
than people with a high time preference
and this I think is an enormous the
important concept because on an
individual level you know your own
success in life your own whatever you
want to achieve
sure outside factors will affect you but
more important than outside factors more
important than everything else in the
world is your own time preference your
own ability to prioritize the future
over the present so a person with a high
time preference who keeps ignoring the
present and focusing on the sort of
keeps ignoring the future and focusing
on the present will suffer the
consequences of that in the long run you
know you can think of the example of say
professional athletes who make a lot of
money and then you know once they retire
they're broke because no matter how much
money they make they're always spending
more and more of it on the other hand
for low time preference think of the
people who are born in poverty don't
have any blessing of say athlete or
artistic ability and yet they work hard
all their life and they save and they
accumulate capital and their livelihood
improves over time I think you know this
force of just how you orient yourself
with towards the future or towards the
present is one of the most important
economic right jump in and say that's a
bit of a self-help book if you will
because on page 77 of the Bitcoin
standard you write while microeconomics
has focused on transactions between
individuals and macroeconomics on the
role of government in the economy the
reality is that most important economic
decisions to any individual's well-being
are the ones they conduct in their
trade-offs with their future self
exactly every day an individual conduct
a
these transactions any all has an impact
effectively on their future self you're
constantly you are an economic machine
in this way absolutely if you have a
government in a system that's encourage
you to go into debt perpetually you are
going to find yourself invariably
watching junk TV eating junk food
watching junk art obese unhappy and I
would say I wouldn't say inevitably but
I would say it definitely biases your
design we will come back we'll do some
more we're gonna say goodbye for now and
that's gonna do it for this edition you
can stay for a second sure okay that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy I'd like to thank our guest safe
teen amused if you're running with the
Bitcoin standard the immediate classic
do you want to catch us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
