you've got developments on one story
that came through this morning from
London UK police confirming now they're
treating that car crash in Westminster
you may have seen earlier on as a terror
attack earlier during rush hour a
vehicle crashed into security barriers
at the houses of parliament in London
injuring two the drivers being detained
at the scene by armed police
all right let's go to this back to very
close by our studios there at Mill Bank
I'll under correspond associate jerk and
has got the latest say this was the
development the update but furthermore
just joining us take us through all the
events that have happened since what 736
local time this morning with you
well Kevin indeed events have been
unraveling quite quickly surrounding
this incident the latest that we know is
Metropolitan Police and the
counterterrorism unit that are
investigating this incident are treating
what happened as a terror related
incident now this is an important
development because since the earlier
hours of today at 7:37 we know that a
car crashed into several cyclists and
then smashed into security barriers
right outside the houses of parliament
and in in the initial minutes and hour
so the authorities were weary of
connecting this to any kind of terrorism
related activity although now it is
understood that that is no longer the
case and this is being investigated as a
potential terrorist attack and this is
how the police here have described it
now we do know that there's only been a
couple of injuries and thankfully none
of those people are in critical
condition they were taken to hospital
however for treatment and we do know
that when this unraveled the police had
arrested armed police had arrested one
man that was in this silver car and have
taken him into custody
and with these develop developments now
unraveling pretty quickly we still have
no information about the identity of
this man and what exactly apart from
this being connected to terrorism now
those intentions would have been it's
important to mention that Parliament
right now is in summer recess so there
were no MPs inside the houses of
parliament but still this is a location
where it's traditionally lots and lots
of people lots of tourists around again
this is being Parliament square really
just in the heart of London and also
lots of people trying to get to work
around that time so really a very
crowded location and it is safe to say
that it's definitely a very optimistic
in some sense development that not more
people were
injured given this location because if
you keep in mind just last year similar
incident unravel or unraveled on
westminster bridge and then outside
houses of parliament where there were
indeed several deaths and several dozen
people were injured so now again the
counterterrorism unit is investigating
this and we are certainly going to be
watching this story very closely and
bringing you more information as the
story continues to unravel yeah
all right they're from London thanks for
that for now as soon as we're maybe hear
from the police and hear what they've
got to say we will go to it in the
coming hours no doubt
you
