Iran's supreme leader has rejected
holding talks with the US following
president Trump's offer of a meeting to
improve bilateral ties and a bluntly
worded tweet Ayatollah Khomeini rallied
against US officials excuse-me railed
against US officials comments about Iran
and for mentioning talk of war to which
the Ayatollah stated there will be
neither war nor negotiations there have
been months of increasing strains after
the u.s. reimpose sanctions now those
had been suspended as part of the 2015
nuclear deal which the u.s. withdrew
from last May now under the new US
sanctions Iran's barred from buying
American dollars and also from trading
metals including precious ones besides
that it limits the overall flow of
Iranian currency and targets the
country's auto industry ahead every
imposing sanctions on Iran mr. Trump
threatened dire consequences only to
backtrack days later offering an olive
branch
so Iranian president rouhani never ever
threatened the United States again or
you will suffer consequences the likes
of which few throughout history have
ever suffered before we are no longer a
country that will stand for your
demented words of violence and death be
cautious so I believe in meeting I would
certainly meet with Iran if they wanted
to meet I don't know that they're ready
yet the preconditions know they want to
meet on me anytime they want live
reaction now from Iran and syed mohammed
morandi welcome to the program you're a
professor of politics at tehran
university so we wanted to get your
input on this story we've seen Trump try
this formula before with North Korea
first threatening making insults and
then extending the olive branch why do
you think it's not working so far in
this situation well one reason is that
the United States has international
obligate obligations in the nuclear
agreement that it has cast aside and
when the United States is unwilling to
abide by its obligations then there's
really nothing to talk about because
first of all the United States has shown
itself to be untrustworthy and second of
all in future let's say hypothetically
the Iranians speak with Americans and
come to an agreement who's to say that
Trump will not tear apart another
agreement in future and as we as you
just now showed to your audience
one day Trump threatens Iran with death
and destruction and a few days later he
speaks about unconditional talks his
Secretary of State States has one thing
he says something else so he's an
unreliable he's untrustworthy he's
erratic and he's not someone that the
Iranians can deal with well an Iran has
used the same terminology saying that
Donald Trump is on is not trustworthy
I'm calling him unpredictable is there
any chance of bilateral talks even
beginning to get off the ground from
here or is there just no going back I
don't think that there's any chance of
talks between Iran and the United States
until the United States backtracks in
one form or another the United States
had an agreement with Iran countries
like Russia China Britain France and
Germany as well as the EU for all a part
of the negotiations these negotiations
took many years and they were finally
signed and then Americans agreed to it
and it's the Trump just simply cannot
tear apart an agreement that's all these
countries have invested so much in and
therefore when Trump speaks about
negotiating with the Iranians the
Iranians say well first go back and show
that you are committed to a peaceful
solution show that you are prepared to
abide by American commitments and then
we can start thinking about the notion
of negotiations the Turkish presence not
mincing his words either accusing the
u.s. of a breach of trust against a NATO
ally let's have a quick listen to what
erawan had to say yes did you act on one
side is a strategic partner but on the
other you fire bullets into the foot of
your strategic partner we're together in
NATO and then you seek to stab you
strategic partner in the back so there
he's saying stabbing us in the back what
do you make of these two countries that
are supposed to be strong military
allies behaving like this towards each
other well this I think also reinforces
the notion in Tehran that negotiating
with the United States is useless if the
United States treats its own allies
treats a NATO partner as the lira was
declining the US president went and
imposed new tariffs on the country in
order to create a run on the currency
market he was trying to make a punish
Turkey when Trump behaved like that work
force Turkey then obviously Iranian
leaders say that talking to Trump is
useless but what I do believe come we
can learn from this is that nations
across nations across the region and
across the world have to move away from
the US dollar they have to start trading
in their own currencies or alternative
currencies and as long as Trump is in
power I think that even ordinary people
sure to refrain from from purchasing US
goods from traveling to the United
States everyone in his own way has to
punish Trump because Trump is behaving
like a like a homophony chief well and
Trump has been imposing tariffs and
sanctions country after country friend
or foe what do you think is there any
rationale behind whining everyone up
abroad with these sort of measures well
I think Trump there are a couple of
things and one is of course that Trump
is looking at his elections that are
coming up and he he wants his his people
and his his base as they're called to
stay faithful to him and to reelect him
so I think his primary objective is is
getting is winning the upcoming
elections that we have in November but
in addition to that I think that Trump
as a businessman what he does is that he
I suppose in extreme pressure on
different countries and then through
that pressure gains concessions but one
thing that is happening is that he's
doing this simultaneously and behaving
like this towards so many countries even
allies even when the Saudis treat
Canada in such a abusive way Trump
effectively was unwilling to side with
Canada so when the United States is in
treating even the European Union Canada
and other such countries in such a way
then I think that creates a global
consensus that the United States is a
problem and people gradually start
thinking more seriously about real
solutions so I think that while Trump
may not be an unintelligent person and
perhaps he may be a successful
businessperson but I think as the
president of the United States he's
doing enormous damage to his country
alongside the causing damage of the rest
of the world but I think he's
diminishing the power especially the
soft power of the United States
you
