Donald Trump has turned on a former aide
on Twitter after she revealed a tape
which she claims is a recording of her
being sacked
Omarosa Manigault Newman also accused
the president of having no clue about
what was going on in the White House
Trump though says she was just a bad
employee she begged me for a job tears
in her eyes I said okay people in the
White House hated her she was vicious
but not smart I would rarely see her
butt hurt really bad things nasty to
people and would constantly miss
meetings and work when general Kelley
came on board he told me she was a loser
nothing but problems I told him to try
working it out if possible because she
only said great things about me until
she got fired Samira Khan now joins me
live from the US Capitol Samira what
started all of this well Trump's former
aide Omarosa Newman who gained fame on
trump's reality show The Apprentice has
now landed up in controversy with her ex
boss Amoroso Omarosa Manigault Newman Oh
Rosa Alba roses secret recording reality
star turned White House aide you see a
whistleblower or is she a Fame junkie
Newman was fired towards the end of 2017
and then she began writing a memoir
about her time working in the Trump
White House which is set to release this
Tuesday now in her book she called her
former boss a racist a bigot and a
misogynist and then she had a lot of
things to say about the administration
as well check it out does a white house
where everybody lies the president lies
to the American people Sarah Huckabee
stands in front of the country and lies
every single day you have to have your
own back because otherwise you'll look
back and you'll see 17 knives in your
bag
according to Trump however she begged
him for the job but Neumann is telling
quite a different story as she does the
rounds on mainstream media sharing
private White House recordings with the
entire country in one of them Trump is
surprised that she's been fired but she
claims he's not the one pulling the
strings
the second audiotape is a recording of
her getting fired in the Situation Room
let's take a quick look ask you a couple
questions does the president is
nowwhere don't let's not go down the
road this is a non-negotiable discussion
but many are now trying to figure out
how she recorded her firing and what's
supposed to be the most secure room in
all of the White House
you
and this believe it or not even has a
former staffer scratching their heads
I've never heard of a more serious
breach of protocol not only is it not
typical something like this is
unprecedented no proper employee of the
White House brings phones into the
Situation Room
it's totally prohibited as someone has
spent a fair amount of time in the
Situation Room I can't even begin to
wrap my head around how insane this is
if Omarosa carried for example a cell
phone into the Situation Room then not
only did she record conversations there
but so potentially has any country or
criminal organization that thought to
hack her phone it's no wonder the media
always cites leaks and anonymous sources
at least now we can check off one
you
