people of Easter Island demanding the
return of a sacred statue taken more
than a hundred years ago and by the
British Navy it was presented as a gift
to Queen Victoria before eventually
ending up in the British Museum where it
is currently on display Artie's undersea
Chocula
asked visitors there if it should be
handed back boasting an estimated 8
million objects the British Museum is
one of the world's best-known
collections of art history and culture
and often the subject of fiery debate
about whether objects source during the
British Empire's colonial times should
be returned to where they came from
the latest dispute ironically involves a
statue called lost or stolen friend a
fitting name to the indigenous people of
Easter Island who are trying to recover
a unique figure taken 150 years ago and
given to Queen Victoria who then gifted
it to the museum
this is reportedly being negotiated as
we speak the circumstances have changed
and we hope that there's a possibility
to discuss the stones return to Chile
with the museum in the British
government the British Museum attracts
scores of tourists so it's not
surprising the museum is putting up a
fight claiming they're better preserved
under its own watch sometimes offering
temporary loans is compromised but what
do the visitors think let's find out
generally speaking I would think it
should be returned I think it's part of
our heritage so it's just our part of
our history we've got over this whole
kind of colonialist which is my thing
and stuff needs to be returned back to
it and this museum is very well operated
and very well known so I think like
staying here would be an advantage so
you're leaning a little bit more towards
just letting them stay here I stand
firmly on the fence I mean I can see the
benefits of both to be honest I mean if
they all went away we wouldn't see them
here and we wouldn't be able to
appreciate do you think it's realistic
to expect that a place like this would
return some of the you know some of the
most famous pieces are ones that were
kind of brought here under questionable
rosetta stone maybe
you
at it
