Chak across the dutch political spectrum
as the suicide of a councillor in the
hague just before her death Vili Dilla
claimed she'd been kidnapped and raped
by a group of Muslims and accused a
former party colleague of orchestrating
it more details from our year at
correspondent Peter Oliver Peter these
are pretty serious accusations what more
do we know hmm well tributes and
messages of condolence of to the family
of former Dutch party for freedom
Councilwoman Billy dill have been
flooding in from across the the Dutch
political divide and what we've seen is
the the 53 year old former Councilwoman
for The Hague took her own life on
Wednesday that was after she posted
online a video in which she claimed that
back in 2017 she'd been the victim of a
kidnap in rape at the order of a
political opponent
in a box
well later in the video she claimed that
she was attacked by what she calls a
Muslim gang on the orders of a former
political colleague who had since
converted to Islam the deceased claimed
that a former party for freedom member
had hated her intensely that was her
quote the former colleague has since
denied these claims via social media and
vowed to pursue liable action in this
case now
RT got a statement from the Dutch police
in which they said that although they
had spoken to misdeal though no formal
complaint had been made nor were there
sufficient details given to warrant them
starting an investigation of their own
well the mayor of The Hague paulien
quicker expressed her sorrow
Edna's Dale's death saying that her
passing touched her very much and at the
city had lost a very dear council person
and a very committed politician the
prime minister of the Netherlands
margarita said that he was shocked by
the death of misdeal and expressed his
sorrow towards her family and her party
the party leader of the the party for
freedom GERD ville de said he was lost
for words and that the world had lost a
dear friend to him and also somebody who
took well bringing politics towards the
young very seriously
and that she was now sadly departed from
this world
you
