do you often see a top official being
hounded out of a job just four days into
the job for one tweet I doubt that but
that's exactly what happened to a former
Republican congresswoman Mary bono when
she took the job which is essentially a
poisoned chalice the interim head of USA
Gymnastics the organization which is
still in shambles after the biggest
pedophile scandal in the history of
sports
the Larry Nassar case a tweet where she
was using a Sharpie over a Nike logo
resurfaced clearly suggesting she was
not supporting Colin Kaepernick's
kneeling protests enter and nifty
collaboration between top athletes MSM
pundits and even political leaders from
saying her tweet could harm sponsorship
deals with Nike to suggesting that she
worked for a law firm which defended
Larry Nasser in court
despite she had no association with the
pedophile basically a boiling cocktail
of racial discord hardcore capitalism
political tribalism with a slight pinch
of guilt by association
so just four days into the job Mary bono
quit and posted the resignation letter
suggestion that not only she also
suffered abuse in childhood like some of
your accusers but also that by boasting
the tweet against Nike she exercised the
First Amendment in the same way that
Colin Kaepernick did exercising his ah
that lovely First Amendment clearly
works for some but doesn't work for
others so maybe here America it's time
you stopped pretending that this
creation of yours is being honored in
your country because it doesn't even
matter whether you support Colin
Kaepernick or not what matters is if you
declare the freedom of speech you have
to stick to it otherwise it all looks
like utter horseshit and also I wonder
if all the potential candidates for the
USA Gymnastics job now are frantically
cleaning out their social media just in
case the lovers of freedom of speech may
find something they don't like
