in Yemen over 40 civilians have
reportedly been killed by a saudi-led
air strike most of them children the
strike hit a school bus and the
marketplace a word of warning you might
find the upcoming pictures disturbing
according to the latest information from
the Red Cross 29 children were killed
all under the age of 15 48 more were
injured - including 30 children the
strike hit the north of the country
which is under Houthi rebel control the
intervention against them started back
in 2015
well the saudi-led coalition has issued
a statement over this saying that the
attack was a legitimate military
operation in accordance with
international humanitarian law Riyadh
also accuses Houthi rebels of using
children as human shields Saudi Arabia
is being assisted by the United Arab
Emirates in its incursion it's not the
first time this month the Coalition has
hit residential areas a week ago an air
raid on had either seaport the main
transit point for aid to Yemen claimed
the lives of 55 civilians 170 more were
wounded humanitarian groups have urged
the coalition to protect the civilian
population as well as medical staff and
facilities which have been repeatedly
hit by raids mirela had above the Red
Cross in sana told us earlier today the
situation in Yemen is appalling we have
received 29 identified that bodies of
children up to 14 years old and for 248
injured among them 30 children but for
the overall toll this needs to be
referred to the ministry of health and
population of Yemen a humanitarian
situation in the country is catastrophic
it's a population that has been brought
to the brink of collapse the health
system is decimated the movement of
population is growing because of
conflicts and hostilities going on so we
really do think that more hostilities
and you know the expansion of those
hostilities will exacerbate an already
dire humanitarian situation even more we
see violations in across the country and
it's really sad - I mean issue or speak
about civilian casualties in a matter of
less than a week so for us this is
painful and whenever we see civilian
casualties we are I mean this is just
horrific
