that damned if you do damned if you
don't that is the predicament of
European companies trading with Iran
because they are caught in the crossfire
at the moment of a war between Brussels
and Washington over new US sanctions
targeting Tehran with punishment
awaiting companies whether they comply
or not if you companies abide by us
secondary sanctions they will in turn be
sanctioned by the European Union the
Iran sanctions have officially been cast
these are the most biting sanctions ever
imposed and in November they ratchet up
to yet another level anyone doing
business with Iran will not be doing
business with the United States I'm
asking for world peace nothing less well
the US government reimpose sanctions on
Iran after pulling out of an
international nuclear deal the first
round of sanctions restricts our arms
trade in u.s. dollars and also precious
metals and it also punishes two
countries that use the Iranian rial when
trading with Iran financial analyst
shibir Aras V says that the new
sanctions pose dilemma for major
corporations the situation that's
developing is that on the one hand
companies would be penalized by USA for
doing business in Iran and at the same
time if they follow the dictate from
Washington the potential of those
companies being penalized in the
European Union so it puts these
companies in a very difficult situation
but this I think is only applicable to
the very large multinational
corporations that have exposure in
different regions perhaps the SME sector
the slum is a small to medium
enterprises that are operating in the
European Union they may want to do trade
with Iran and because they have no
exposure possibly with the US market
therefore they'll be able to stand up
and continue doing business with Iran
