US sanctions against Iran which have
just come into force have seen oil
prices spiked with analysts predicting
that that trend will continue and with
the u.s. preparing yet more sanctions
the EU Iran's second largest trading
partner has shown that it's ready to
protect European companies doing
business with Tehran we are determined
to protect European economic operators
engaged in legitimate business with Iran
this is why the European Union's updated
blocking statute enters into force on
the 7th of August to protect EU
companies during legitimate business
with Iran from the impact of US
extraterritorial sanctions we believe
that it is and it has to be up to the
Europeans in this case to decide with
whom to trade first round of sanctions
prohibits around from using the US
dollar and restricts trading in precious
metals it also includes limiting Iranian
currency flows as well as constraints on
the car trade
okay let's discuss this story and
several others now my guess is former US
congressman Ron Paul good to have you on
Ron let's let's start with this issue
then of sanctions the Eve's insisting
that it will back EU firms that are
dealing with Iran is this going to cause
a widening rift between the US and the
EU well I would think so there's a big
question there I can't imagine it not
already having done that but so far you
know there's been a lot of bluster and I
think one problem is is that the United
States it's still pretty powerful they
have the currency for the reserve
currency of the world powerful currency
powerful military a lot of wealth and we
can throw our weight around so even if
the Europeans feel put upon and attacked
by these sanctions that we put on Iran I
think they they need to get some
backbone but but it's my big beef about
all this is I just don't like sanctions
because it leads to problems like this
and that's that's really where the the
problem is
and right now I don't know whether the
the Europeans will stick to their guns
because what if they get threatened some
of these big companies may be threatened
and they do some business with the
United States but eventually there will
be competition and that day will come
maybe not today or tomorrow but that day
will come where the where the United
States will have the competition and
right now that's why there's talk about
others having you know other currencies
to deal with as a reserve currency China
Russian different countries would like
to do that so we have to wait and see
what happens but I don't like
dictatorial powers I don't like
sanctions I think that leads to currency
wars they've already started and
unfortunately those kind of conditions
sometimes can lead to a lot more and
into some very hot Wars as well you said
that you know sanctions can lead to a
lot more where where are they going to
lead what do you think this will this
will take us into
well I think I think first we'll see
shortly whether the Europeans stick to
their guns if they back down then
they're gonna be you know around for a
while but if they stick to their guns I
think the United States would have to
adjust their policies a bit because how
are they going to enforce that you know
if China and Russia and other countries
and India they do business with Iran
well how are we gonna punish them you
know we've already been doing a lot of
that what are we gonna do put more
sanctions on Russia you know we continue
to do that but eventually that runs out
of steam but the one thing that I hope
we can call attention to is the fact
that this doesn't always end well ends
badly in long term sometimes it lasts a
long time I think of how long we've had
sanctions and with with Cuba and it
lasts a long time when you're powerful
but this is a little lot bigger than
having our sanctions on Cuba this is a
big deal and I think in time people are
gonna realize that we might have to
adjust because there's the the other
countries are going to not tolerate what
we have done now as I understand there's
still not been any proof presented
publicly publicly at least of the
Russian attacks on US democracy that we
used to justify the new sanctions bill
how does that work how is it being
perceived back home
well yeah you know the warmongers the
people who want sanctions and ale and
everything that Russia does is bad
they're really in charge with our media
and they have really basic control you
know in the Congress now the president
basically has been more sympathetic but
imagine the pressure is getting to him
so that he sort of comes across as
on-again-off-again but I think I think
it's tragic what's happening because
they have no proof of anything and for
some reason these senators that have
come up with this new bill you know
Graham and McCain and Menendez I mean
just out of the clear blue they have no
evidence whatsoever of their charges
that they have made and you know I look
at the world like none of us are perfect
all the countries have their
shortcomings but I think the
responsibility for short comments they
should be their own country so we come
up short in many ways I think that my
job is to try to point that out so that
we can change policy but this idea of
just blaming other countries and it's
all somebody else's fault and what we
have to do is put on sanctions and then
when they retaliate we think oh the
world's coming to an end they don't have
a right to do that we have to punish
them I think it's a very very bad
foreign policy and of course I have a
bright Aryan over the years in Congress
I advocated a non interventionist
foreign policy I just think we should be
out of this business and if you want to
talk with people fine talk with people
and work with people so I liked it you
know when Trump and Putin would talk and
I was sorry when the invitation for
Putin was removed I think talking is
good I was in the military in 1963 and I
was glad that Kennedy talked to Krishna
we need to talk to each other and that
means by talking to each other you ought
to just get rid of all the sanctions and
not pretend that we can run the world
the way we have you say talking is good
I think it might depend on what said
let's chat if we may about Twitter's new
war on hate speech as I understand
several libertarian figures of a fallen
victim of that where are we going with
this run
well that that's a good question because
that is a real mixed bag to social media
in one sense is a real delight there's a
lot of information out there I have
benefited by it but it originated with a
lot of government assistance and the
biggest role that social networks play
is working with the government and
giving the government the information
they do the work for the NSA so it's a
mixed bag or they call themselves
private companies the libertarian says
we don't regulate private companies and
and yet it's so mixed so I hope the only
thing I can hope for under these
conditions is that maybe you know the
market will devise something that can
become an alternative but when you look
at the strength and the power in the
regulation of speech and indirectly
we're talking about the government and
the reason that I think happens is that
you get accused of treasonous activity
and treason a speech and because in an
empire treason to treason is in an
empire lies the truth is treason so when
people blurt out the treason on the
internet it's not like they're saying
something mean and ugly it's the things
challenging the status quo is what they
can't stand and unnerves them so they
have to silence people so it's more
likely for an individual like myself to
be silenced because I represent a
challenge to the status quo but if
anybody understands our First Amendment
the First Amendment isn't there to talk
about the weather the First Amendment is
there if for us to be able to challenge
our government but if we do that now
whether it's direct regulation from the
government or indirectly through social
media we have a real challenge I'm just
hoping that technology can stay ahead of
it all and that we can have alternatives
to the dependency on Twitter and these
other companies that have been working
hand in glove with the government
well some critics are saying that these
new policies of Twitter expose it as
being a project of the Democratic Party
do you think there's any truth to that
yeah well you know overall I think the
parties are a farce
you know our policies unchanged from
Republicans a Democrat they all love big
spending they like regulations they like
the NSA the TSA they like the Federal
Reserve they like printing money and
they don't care about deficit but when
it comes to power there's a big struggle
who gets to pull pull the switches and
pass out the money then they fight in
fumes so there is this partisan fight
that goes on and obviously you know
we've heard about this it's amazes me
that the only thing that comes of it is
that there's charges against Russia for
taking a control of our elections and
and it's all about Trump and yet it
hasn't been looked at carefully enough
that maybe the other side had an axe to
grind - and the Democrats were probably
more involved and then the Republican
but I think all of that is just a mess
that we don't need and I think if the
world were put together more on a
libertarian viewpoint there wouldn't be
this need and there wouldn't be this you
know contest with each other but it is
it is pretty vicious is way way I see it
and it goes now into into our
universities on the streets and people
are getting angry and upset and there's
it just shouldn't be any reason for that
but it's the fact that if we some of us
tell the truth about our government they
call us treasonous and that we're
speaking out of line and they would like
to punish us and I think that's part of
what's happening with the social media
Ron you'll always be welcome to speak
freely here on our team many thanks for
your time or pleasure to speak to you
once again Ron Paul my guest former US
congressman
you
