International chemical weapons experts
are heading to the English town of
Amesbury next week to probe the nerve
agent poisoning their which left one
person dead and another severely ill the
watchdog has already confirmed that dawn
sturgis died from contact with the same
type of substance used in march to
attack a former russian double agent and
his daughter however they still don't
know if it was the same batch of poison
the experts from the organization for
the prohibition of chemical weapons will
return to the UK to continue their work
to independently confirm the identity of
the nerve agent which resulted in the
death of one british national in
Amesbury and left another seriously ill
presumably they're going to be able to
try to help move the investigation
forward we do know that they'll be
collecting further samples they will be
sending those back to OPCW labs and then
reporting back to the UK and of course
this comes as investigators continue to
try to piece together what it is exactly
that unraveled on June 30th and Amesbury
one two British citizens were taken to
hospital and treated on suspicions of
nava truck poisoning and of course one
of those people died and what it is that
happened on March 4th when former double
agent Sergey scruple and his daughter
Yulia were poisoned leading to a major
international scandal because still as
we speak right now today both of these
cases continue to be plagued really with
lack of any tangible findings some of
the latest details circulating here in
the British press have included claims
citing sources close to the
investigation that police had reportedly
identified two suspects in the poisoning
claiming that they were Russians those
reports even suggested that British
authorities are getting ready to ask for
those people to be extradited
however those were very quickly played
down in Russia of course said that
they've received no such request and
have talked about the number of
speculations that have been flying
around involving these cases since the
Salisbury incident there have been no
less than a hundred reports based on
leaks and unnamed sources that's why we
shouldn't rely on this information we
don't trust unconfirmed reports in the
media
hopefully with this latest upcoming OPCW
visit more information will be shed on
those two cases okay let's get the
thoughts now a security analyst child
Shoebridge who joins us from the UK good
afternoon chief Charles what do you
think the OPCW can achieve them from its
visit what'd you expect it's a little
bit surprising to see this this is a
government announcement today that this
visits going to take place we knew it
would happen and to some degree we'd
already assumed that it had happened
afterwards some time has passed since
the Amesbury incident back in June and
also of course the unfortunate victim of
that incident whatever it turns out to
have been one of them of course has been
released from hospital charlie rally the
other one
dawn Sturgis sadly died and she has
already had her funeral and so therefore
in respect of her at least there's no
real possibility of having further
samples taken samples may have been kept
from her and probably have been of
course but it'll be difficult now of
course with her passing to establish any
form of independent chain of custody of
those samples which is so important to
the integrity of the OPCW sampling an
analysis process so I think what we can
expect to see is probably a replication
of what we saw when the OPCW became
involved in the first case involving the
script balls back in March they of
course were able to confirm from their
own processes that the analysis and the
assessment of the Porton Down scientists
in Britain was accurate in terms of this
being Navi Joc and they of course on the
side pointed out that this was a very
high purity Navi chalk that was found in
the samples relating to the script was
now um the question of course is our
that has been asked is whether it's
going to be the same batch what it's
going to be actually linked this new
finding of Navi chock either and the
victims of the in the bodies of these
victims and of course in the alleged
bottle that was found at the home of
Charlie rally by police that is
apparently the container now if it turns
out that they weren't linked that of
course would stretch the level of
imagination and coincidence really to in
credit in
unity in a way and because that would
suggest that there were two set
paparazzi or perhaps two sources of nava
chalk and therefore I think even the
British government you've already
alluded in your reports are the various
different leagues and different stories
that have come out in the British media
I think even the British media and the
British government would be hard-pressed
to explain that particular coincidence
and so therefore what we're expecting I
think to see is that the OPCW will be
able to confirm at least the British
findings in the samples they're given
that this was the nerve agent one of the
novel shocks involved and they may be
able to confirm that it's the same batch
but they almost certainly as indeed was
the case with the first testing process
it's very unlikely that they are going
to do as the British government
initially I think try to brief that they
would do and that is they won't yet I
think confirm the British government's
assertion an assertion still without any
evidence publicly made that this was the
act of the Russian government or of any
particular group whatsoever
beyond the nature of the chemical itself
how difficult is it Charles to assess
whether it did come from the same batch
I mean I'm harshly I'm no expert but you
would assume you could quickly make the
link and you if it existed or not yeah
I'm also not a chemical expert of course
but of course they do know a little bit
about investigations and it would appear
even from a logical perspective that if
the chemical makeup of you know
let's get pulled away to one side the
idea that something's going to be a
hundred percent pure they did say the
OPCW that the first set of samples
showed a very high degree of purity of
novel chalk in the samples that I took
but I won't be a hundred percent sample
for sure and indeed they didn't claim
that and so therefore there will be
impurities byproducts and other elements
I'm sure that will be present in this
chemical and the proportion of those and
the nature and identity of those will
give some kind of label some kind of
identity mark if you like to the
whatever it is that they're testing each
individual sample and if those samples
turn out to be identical then of course
I think there's probably going to be a
very high probability that they are
linked but really if we think about the
circumstances the case beyond the
chemistry the chances of them not being
linked are so incredible
low that really I don't think people
would be expecting them not to be linked
as I say otherwise it would suggest that
there were two separate flocks or at
least two separate batches made and of
course one has to ask why that would be
but we have to remember of course that
there is still inconsistent testimony
and alleged evidence in this case for
example let's not forget that Charlie
Riley the other victim of the Amesbury
case who's now discharged from hospital
and has given one interview albeit not a
live interview to a selected journalist
he claimed very specifically that whilst
he still can't remember where apparently
he found this bottle which he described
as a perfume bottle
he very specifically said in this
interview that it was a sealed container
that he had to actually assemble the
container that it was in wrapped in
polythene polyurethane that means that
actually I would suggest that that was
an unused to contain it beforehand so
whilst there's probably two containers
around at least if the story is true
because again we don't know whether what
he has said is true because as your
correspondent correctly pointed out none
of this has been confirmed by the police
and authorities so we're really going on
what Charlie Riley himself has said and
of course the incessant leaks many of
which have proved to be untrue from so
called security sources in the British
media sure okay yeah a lot of questions
remain don't make thanks Charles that
was that child Shoebridge security
analyst there in the UK
you
