Superman they don't Superman to
superhero is also journalist Clark Kent
is a journalist they're both fighting
for the American Way
think about that Stacy I'm trying to
think about it and that's confusing
you're me but you know what I'm we're
going to do a little bit of a summer
solution sort of episode here to match
the one we did last week at the same
time whereby we talked about the United
States of inequality and how that is
impacting not only global trade but the
US political system and therefore the
global geopolitical system and we were
discussing that perhaps this is a
seismic shift in geopolitical power many
people talk about China as being the
next rising superpower they certainly
have on a purchasing power parity an
economy bigger than the United States
but whether or not China will be the new
next superpower and one of the things
you and I have been covering for the
last few months is that one belt one
road policy whereby they're spending
billions of dollars trillions of dollars
in fact to build roads ports bridges
railroad to basically do a new Silk Road
whereby they can trade easier with right
now untapped parts of the world so China
overloading poor nations with debt top
US official says China saddling poor
nations with unsustainable debt through
large-scale infrastructure projects that
are not economically viable the head of
the u.s. overseas Private Investment
Corporation OPIC said Monday oh wow
that's our job
aren't we supposed to be overloading
countries with that poor countries with
that so as to say are they mimicking the
US policy the Empire of debt or is are
they making a boo-boo like they want to
take over for the u.s. they want to
compete with the u.s. they have
artificial intelligence not driving
their policy does the AI bots driving
China policy in the Politburo of China
tell them that they should be loading
this pork cookies with debt well we're
gonna get into the AI story and a few
headlines from now but I do want to
stick on this story in terms of the debt
of course yes the United States
did get very wealthy of the banks to get
wealthy by loading up poor nations with
debt and then having that I am of IMF
come in take those private debts and
make them national deaths may socialize
those debts and impose austerity on
various countries around the world the
u.s. also got wealthy even earlier than
that by being Yankees ie they started to
as the Dutch called them they were
stealing all their copyright ideas they
were stealing their intellectual
property and things like that hundreds
of years ago and China is doing the same
now and we complain so here yes it is a
bit ironic for the u.s. well this is a
US official but with OPIC u.s. overseas
Private Investment Corporation
so he's complaining publicly and getting
Reuters and likes that to publish this
but then look what happens
well the criticism of Beijing targeted
by President Trump in a trade war that
has sent ripples through economies
around the world comes as Washington
seeks to ramp up development finance in
the face of China's global ambitions
these lawmakers in the United States now
are introducing advancing a new law
called the build act bi bu IL d through
Congress that washburn this guy the head
of this OPIC the Private Investment
Corporation says should bolster private
US investment in developing nations by
doubling OPEX access to US Treasury
credit to 60 billion dollars boy hey
wait ah look China had the policy for
decades now to go into countries and
build stuff bridges tunnels schools and
to get a piece of that action the US
policy for decades has been to go into
countries and bomb stuff bomb schools
bomb railways bomb people terrorize
people and steal stuff so now you're
saying that the u.s. is going to change
gears here they're gonna be like wait
maybe we should stop bombing stuff and
start building stuff no there's no
stopping to bomb our sort of policy of
bombing and having the unique you know
monopoly on that has forced China to
have to do trade deals and and basically
offer
carrots to people around the world but
here this trade representative this guy
who wants some free basically taxpayer
money from the united states sixty
billion dollar source to go compete with
China what is he a piece Nick is it boom
buy join and we're supposed to be
bombing where America we here you know
so they can't bomb these countries this
is China China has 1.3 billion people
and a massive military the biggest
military in the world the belt and road
is going through places like Russia
we can't bomb them either we can bomb we
can bomb Libya we could bomb Iraq these
places that are deserts in the middle of
nowhere and those are the places that we
go into we can't even bomb the likes of
Vietnam anymore because we've learned
our lesson so here they're basically
he's saying well that's really unfair
what China's doing they're loading up
these countries with debt like in Sri
Lanka Sri Lanka
they had a port or a bridge or something
built from China and they couldn't pay
the debt so now China owns that port so
this is what they're doing this is what
the United States did before but this
this guy is going to the US people
saying how dare look at this horrible
situation over there give us some money
and we'll go and compete well we'll
offer our own unfair you know president
in the US history of course in the 1980s
Citibank I believe under Walter Wriston
mm-hmm loaded up Argentina yes with a
lot of debt and then they did something
that nobody had done before they
defaulted their sovereign debt default
it and then the the US came in and they
started running Argentina and they
started running it into the ground you
know they're still suffering today so
China will they avoid this outcome are
they once they start loaning these folks
all this money and and there's a problem
with paying all this stuff back are they
going to then do a America Citibank
Argentina or they how are they you know
they figured that bit out yet are they
just gonna blindly go to make the same
mistakes that America's made well
they've already worked through the WTO
to get things to their advantage against
the United States or other trading
partners and I'm sure they'll use you
know these are contracts they're written
under international law and abide by
international law they're giving them
money
these countries need ports they need
railroads but private investment hasn't
been there nor has their giving them
money that's our money they've got
trillions of dollars of US dollars that
they took whereas they sold junk to
Walmart in exchange for our jobs now
they're gonna give it to other people
our money and to compete with us
that's not fair Stacy well it's
interesting is that they decide they
they're clearly not confrontational as
you mentioned they don't bomb and they
don't invade in order to execute these
trade deals but they are targeting areas
that the u.s. does not have already
advanced relationships with they're not
doing this in places like Mexico they're
they're targeting places that the US
doesn't enter US corporations in
particular don't enter like Africa and
we're going to talk about Africa in the
second half so they're looking at places
that the US is not already powerful and
like Mexico like Canada you can't really
compete with those united states they're
you know so they're there they're
building and they're executing their
trade deals in places that like Sri
Lanka Africa these are not places that
US corporations are very active in but
this is a way for them to continue to
build their technology their innovation
their you know first mover advantage of
course the extractive industries like
mining minerals energy were what drove
the debt and financial revolutions of
the past few decades but we're entering
now into a purely digital economy so
these areas that you mentioned they're
like Sri Lanka okay there's nothing to
extract from the core of the earth and
run away with but they do have brains
they have people and they are connected
to a global network and they won't be
part of Chinese incursion into global
FinTech and things like that so there's
a lot of folks out there that are not
part of the you know the unbanked for
example of China that were to say hey
you know what there's like three billion
people that Citibank doesn't control we
want to have them on and financial you
know Jack miles company or some Chinese
company gives us incredible operating
leverage in the 21st century so you know
we've overlooked we're obviously
overlooking the trillions of
billions of people in the global economy
that China's figures is going to be a
huge asset yeah and the nightly news
here by the way the cable news you would
think it's all Russia Russia Russia well
we've been focused on first al Qaeda for
1215 years and now Russia Russia Russia
like so much is happening around the
world it's unbelievable that like how
rapidly China is taking our place
economically and yet we can't control
that we can't compete economics I live
in Russia it's Russia in 1955 yeah but
we in terms of this story that I'm
talking about is we the United States
cannot compete economically anymore
against China so we focus where we can
compete and we have the absolute moral
authority to bomb and and basically
invade and sanction any country on earth
nobody else can do that so that's why we
that's all we have left after all these
years of focusing on some guys and caves
somewhere in Afghanistan and you know in
the meantime if that's the only model we
we know we we know how to present any
longer so China's been going around
saying well I understand you might want
to do a trade deal with the US because
there might bomb you but you know what
we'll give you 150 billion dollars no
questions asked no strings attached we
just want to do trade so a lot of people
are saying well that sounds actually a
lot nicer and a lot easier then possibly
being bones if we don't do this so this
has happened in the past 15 20 years
this is what's happened and now we're
trying to catch up
look the mental gymnastics that
Americans had to go through dealing with
the loss in Vietnam the Vietnam War that
Americans lost it took Sylvester
Stallone in the Rambo movies to
reinterpret and revise that history to
make it look like Americans or the
winners multiply that times a hundred
and you end up with what's happened
since 9/11
so 9/11 and every period you're just
describing right now the Americans are
still in shock they're still dealing
with the psychological damage of 9/11
they still need enemies they still are
justify it they still are having
troubles working through it meanwhile
the rest of the world is leapfrogging
ahead yeah and they're still in shock
because the mainstream media are
ratings driven and there and the ratings
give them higher ad revenue and they
keep you in shock because that's a very
powerful tool to get you to buy and to
continue this very profitable profitable
business model to the top 1% it's
clearly if you look from 2000 that's
when the real wealth and income gap just
tore away from the rest of the top 1%
just zoomed away from the bottom 99%
they you know it's just like a huge
difference but we've been in a constant
state of state of shock and constantly
afraid of individuals one guy one guy in
a cave in Afghanistan one guy named
Vladimir Putin that were so we're so
willing to give up all of our you know
our in our self-respect or sovereignty
or income producing assets anything to
just be for one guy yeah let's roll
let's roll let's keep it rolling into
the second half I mean we're into some
very important issues here that need to
be covered stay right there don't go
away we'll be right back with much more
coming your way
Superman
think about it Superman Clark Kent
that's two sides of the same coin
they're both superheroes fighting for
truth justice and the American Way is a
journalist like we are and as a
superhero clear to me now that I've seen
the light that journalism our soup
journalists our superhero in their own
minds well I mean on this show on Rt we
have a bias toward truth we're
superheroes in a landscape of villains
like Rachel Maddow and lawrence
O'Donnell MSNBC news out there this is
super news while Americans have been of
course absorbed in superhero movies over
the past 10 20 years that's all you see
anymore superhero simple stories a good
guy bad guy right well over in the rest
of the world you've had a more nuanced
economic power emerging and that is
China so this is what we're talking
about in this summer special to match
our last summer special which was about
the u.s. a fading Empire it could
recover who knows maybe make America
great again will work but who knows if
it doesn't this is what we have to look
forward to is China as a rise in power
so I'm gonna look at one continent in
particular and that is Africa Africa has
basically not only given us humanity
this is where all humans come from but
it has also given us much of the wealth
of the world whether through all of
their resources or in America's case
obviously there are human resources I in
the form of slaves that were brought
over and built much of the wealth of
this country but here we're seeing
capitalism basically China having to
seek out markets that other corporations
around the world won't enter the
strategic entry of China's transition
into the vacuum left by Nokia and Africa
trance
TRA and SS IO n it's a big telecoms
company that many in America I certainly
hadn't heard of it until I read this
article but they are a mobile phone
manufacturer out of China transcen
Technos manufacturer has two other
brands on the market I tell an infinite
catering to different price points and
consumer segments what sets the company
apart is that they are solely focused on
the African continent and do not even
sell in their domestic market of China
this was a strategic decision as a
recent article says and their rapid
success very likely due to the vacuum
left by Nokia they've customized
completely for the African market going
as far as to develop cameras suited for
local conditions something no other
phone manufacturer has done on the
planet they've built these phones
customized uniquely for Africa not only
for Africans to take selfies they've
enabled basically 30% more light to
focus on the face because of the dark
skin doesn't show up as much in selfies
on a normal phone an iPhone or Samsung
or whatever so they specifically created
technology in their phone for the
African market they also have some of
the longest lasting batteries so in
Africa electricity is very expensive so
to charge your phone is very expensive
so they're one of their mobile phones
last eight days on one single charge so
they're a lot of people especially the
guys who have to you know walk from
village to village selling you know
their goods well they want a phone that
lasts for eight days and the Chinese
manufacturers have provided it right
they are drilling into the collective
unconscious so again to repeat the
fortunes of the last century we're
extractive minerals and energy the
fortunes of 21st century are mining the
collective unconscious through these
vast platforms and networks Facebook
Twitter being good examples but here you
have this Chinese company saying look
there are lots and lots of brains in
Africa that we can monetize by
that market specifically with products
tailored to that market to be
competitive and to capture that market
yes and it seems as if Europe and
America when they dealt with Africa it
was just to extract the resources and us
our corporations basically keep all the
profit and probably this is why China
that the rest of the market the building
a middle class building a consumer class
has been left because they don't care
about that they don't want that and
essentially because of course then the
middle class will want some of their
resources as we see happening in Saudi
Arabia or Qatar or the Middle East is
like when they've developed a middle
class and they start to compete for the
oil reserves there that we just want all
for ourselves so here the Chinese
manufacturers are specifically targeting
a more creative class innovation class
and they go on to say that this company
transition they've brought in local
languages and messenger apps they've
established a factory in Ethiopia to
show their commitment to Africa and
they've set a full customer care
facility something glaringly missing
from any other imported brands portfolio
in my opinion they've done what Nokia
could have and should have done cater to
the emerging markets across the
developing world where they had
originally begun connecting people so
you know basically these Chinese mobile
phone manufacturers certainly for the
whole East Africa they have a monopoly
on that market they're basically own
that market at this point one other
trying to be the commodification of
these high-end products like the phone
the iPhone you know has an extraordinary
profit margin 40 percent or so which is
almost unheard of in the manufacturing
business but as that market becomes
saturated this type of product in this
market where the margins are going to be
thin they have a chance to penetrate
that market and grab a large percentage
of that market with a product that
doesn't have the right high margins but
it will have market penetration and
these other bigwigs like the iPhones of
the world they're ignoring these markets
until probably they lose that first
mover advantage and they're going to be
trying to cat play catch-up at some
point this
like a long game it's a short game to
just like extract the resources and not
do anything your concern concern
yourself with the rest of a normal
economy you just take the gold you just
take the box say all bauxite all that
sort of goods that are needed to
manufacture mobile phones here not only
do they control much of the mobile phone
and telecoms they're they control the
you know bicycles they have scooters
made specifically for Africa by Chinese
manufacturers as well so there's a huge
market of all sorts of goods that
they're targeting towards Africa
presumably looking for the same thing
that the US did during the 40s 50s and
60s
u.s. goods used to be seen around the
world as something that there was their
first experience from mass manufactured
products so here you have a huge
continent the biggest continent in the
world of Africa with a lot of huge
population and a young booming
population so here China is targeting
that also these phones usually come
embedded with the Opera browser the mini
browser as opposed to say Safari or
Firefox or Chrome which a lot of
Westerners use East Africa is mostly
using opera and the reason again goes to
mother necessity necessity is that
because of their energy costs and
because of the lower income they need to
make sure that they have a browser that
uses less data and the browser the Opera
browser uses 60% less data than its next
competitor so everybody is becoming
loyal to that brand of opera and this
also brings me to the next story which
is that bit main is entering the African
market via the Opera browser right bit
man being the dominant force in Bitcoin
mining so yeah they're getting into this
market in a big way and they're
well-positioned to do so because
cryptocurrencies are becoming the
currency of the unbanked as they're
called and so they are going to leapfrog
all the banking infrastructure that is
not required just like a lot of the
other infrastructure that one associates
with advanced economies
are not needed when you're dealt when
you're purely in the cyberspace the
intellectual space the minds fear you
you don't need all that other stuff but
the margins are very thin but so they
got to have to have a deep market
penetration to be profitable because the
margins are like food you know foot
grocery store margins a very very very
small one 2% well but just like Henry
Ford became the massive auto
manufacturer that he did is by making
his workers wealthy so he could sell
more cars here they're creating an
economy to sell more products a very
good point they are enriching the local
economy yes where is the extractive
industries deprived and impoverished the
local economy so as this next article
here's the headline from Michael Kimani
and how the Chinese Africa's most
popular browser in a Bitcoin mining
company are about to change
African payments and you know it said of
course Africans themselves have
innovated wildly they're way more
advanced than our economy in terms of
financial services they have things like
m-pesa they've had they invented you
know their own digital currencies before
a Bitcoin existed where they can
transfer value via you know credits on
your your phone so now they have not
however what's been missing is
cross-border transfers of the equivalent
outside of the US sort of banking system
because that is part of the problem is
that Africans the average salary is very
low by US standards the US banks there's
a huge regulatory burden that you can't
let one bad guy use that financial
system you can't want let one bad guy
use the US dollar you can't let one bad
guy use a use your credit card or any
sort of access to the financial system
so it hasn't been worth it but to China
I think they don't have that same sort
of restriction that basically opens that
entire market to financial services and
incomes bit main last week's SEC
disclosure on opera's newest investor
for their one hundred and fifteen
million dollar IPO was the best
strategic news on cryptocurrency
adoption in Africa I have seen in the
last five years with far-reaching
implications on e-commerce trade and
payments for the region that appears at
first glance my choice of a header image
above accurately captures increasing
Chinese influence on Kenya
Africa both state and commercial level
because big Maine is the largest miner
of Bitcoin they've mined more Bitcoin
than anyone else and they're
multi-billion dollar company and they're
about to IPO and it looks like their
valuation is gonna be 14 billion dollars
and these guys are you know they're
controversial within the Bitcoin space
certainly jihong woo is very
controversial but the guy is smart and
he hires the best and he does the best
and he has a plan for Africa and he sees
that bed embedding through the Opera
browser a thing called Oh pay and you
could introduce cryptocurrency a
frictionless market a frictionless way
to transfer value from Kenya to Ethiopia
or you know Tanzania or somewhere like
that you you're able to crypto in the US
are not high because there's no urgency
but here there is urgency so the
adoption rates in Africa could skyrocket
compared to the rest of the world and be
the cutting edge toward crypto adoption
for the world yeah but also I'm saying
like we don't necessarily know what is a
post us world a post US Empire world
that's going to look like we don't know
yet what China will do that here they're
building up Africa is Africa going to be
one of the biggest economies and the the
entire continent is there going to be an
economic force that it never has been
in a thousand years away I mean that's
what it could very well be crypto makes
that happen the economies of crypto are
exponentially more powerful than
anything we've seen in the history of
economics so it could leapfrog by a
hundred years very very quickly well
it'll be interesting to see and that's
our summer solution for this we're
looking at what China might do with the
world economy and remember the 70s also
gave us disco well that's gonna do it
for this dish on the Kaiser report with
B Max Keiser the super hero and Stacy
Herbert another super hero
and if you want to reach us on Twitter
its Keiser Report and until next time we
must say adios and goodbye
