that way conservative activists in the
US has found herself suspended by
Twitter for mimicking the racist tweets
of a New York Times editorial board
member so let's get more details and a
from Calabar 'funny joins us from the US
sir
good afternoon Caleb just run through
then exactly what's happened here well
Candace Owens who is the communications
director for turning points USA which is
a conservative organization
she took the tweets of New York Times
journalist Sarah Jang and replaced the
words white with black or Jewish the
response of Twitter was to then remove
Candace Owens account for saying that it
violated the rules against hateful
conduct this is Candace Owens explaining
how simply retweeting taking tweets
regarding white people from Sarah Jang
and changing replacing the word white
with black or Jewish got her account
suspended by the social media giant
let's take a listen to Candace Owens on
the surface I actually agree with
Twitter with Twitter's assessment I
believe that what I said what I tweeted
was wrong you should not be able to
tweet about any race for any group that
you want them canceled that they should
live underground I don't know why
suddenly people think that white people
are excluded from that scenario that
people can't be racist towards white
people when in fact they often are the
problem with the New York Times
essentially sanctioning her behavior is
that they are signaling to the rest of
the world that racism actually is okay
as long as you pick the the right race
now at this point Twitter has come
forward and actually apologized they've
reinstated Candace Owens account but
there was a Twitter storm in response to
this move many saw it is exposing a
double standard let's take a listen by
the way she got banned by copying Sarah
giong tweets I'm replacing white with
black and then Twitter bans her for 12
hours double standard
Candace Owens replaces word white with
black and Jews get suspended this is
what we all call it double standard
every time I see one of these I can't
help
substitute black for white like candy so
instead I will never understand the
double standard or why it's acceptable
to so many now there's also been a
controversy surrounding her Wikipedia
page
Sarah Jung's Wikipedia page simply
describes her as an American journalist
specializing in law and technology
topics now Wikipedia has essentially
prevented any any reference to the
ongoing controversy regarding her tweets
specifically criticizing and targeting
white people however it appears that
that there has now been added a small
reference to it but you know Sarah Jang
and these tweets the controversy
surrounding them seems to be quite a big
issue
Wikipedia seems to make efforts to
minimize that so questions are being
asked but the overall situation is being
pointed to as another example of
controversy regarding the issue of race
and free speech in the United States an
ongoing issue what which is constantly
bringing forth situations in which
Americans just don't see eye to eye
sure okay thanks kind of that was kind
of up in there for us in New York
you
