days of mourning are now being observed
in Crimea after a student carried out a
bloody attack in the city of Kerch video
has emerged showing the attacker buying
cartridges of his killing spree left 21
people dead and dozens injured he later
committed suicide now this video here
dates back to Saturday with all the
victims now identified the massacre has
left dozens desperate over the loss of
their loved ones
we can now I show you live pictures just
to the side of me now live pictures from
the vigil in Kurdish it's just about
three minutes past noon there now about
a midday it's where people of course
have come to mourn the victims a priest
has been there reading prayers for the
victims of the tragedy again these are
live pictures right here from the vigil
encourage people have been gathering to
mourn the victims this was all
throughout the night and into the early
hours of the morning
with residents of Sevastopol and Moscow
bringing flowers and candles to the
city's memorials in coach well we
managed to speak to a woman whose niece
missed classes on Wednesday due to an
illness we also talked with the
relatives of survivors of the massacre
my niece fell ill yesterday and did not
go to class she would have been right
where it all happened she was crying all
day after she found out about the
tragedy we could not calm her down for
the whole day three of her classmates
were injured there in hospital with
broken bones
one of them was shot in the stomach and
another classmate was shot dead I could
not even imagine that such an event
could happen here I studied in this
college myself a school if there's a
shrapnel wound in her right leg and the
left one is shattered
I feel bad this is a shock a complete
shock
this is my daughter you know I still
can't come down at all they called me
when I was at work said that she'd been
taken here with these injuries my blood
pressure has gone through the roof and
with the investigation into the attack
well underway
Marad gas da reports from the scene
where he spoke to the neighbors of the
attacker just a magical man Bush was
talking toys to show just whenever
data's lost Erica Rose ran past a
another test Erica Mena sustainable
semester incidentally the pappardelle
porque me of no gear tourists no soccer
to ceremonious with the buddha kita
Stratus tell me anything
he's only eight years rooster would be
the winner sherry delay so at the same
certainly please see my ten he's not be
stably in international no does it it's
all still sinking in there's so much
sorrow here so much grief over the loss
there's also confusion as to why this
happened there's no obvious motive no
explanation no cause and above all
etched on so many faces here there's
pain there's more tragic news overnight
the death toll has been revised upwards
again we now have the names of all of
those that were killed five of them
seniors faculty members staff from the
college itself behind me 15 of them
students teenagers cut down in their
prime mostly aged between 16 to 19 in
hospital we have 10 people in critical
condition fighting for their lives in
all more than 70 people were injured 40
remain in hospitals around Kerch in
Crimea they've been transported to
various hospitals depending on their
injuries but it all began in the early
hours of the morning with a bomb
it is we notice the wall
yo Savalas gross Yoga is Naperville
Italia - it is pretty light yeah usually
video but the Reapers the bother wala if
your apology his dollar he you
the bomb itself you can see the damage
behind me was so powerful that nevermind
the windows it knocked the window frames
themselves out this was an incredibly
powerful bomb packed with shrapnel with
nuts with bolts designed to maximize the
number of people hurt killed in the
initial detonation sappers then found
another explosive device which they were
able to disarm but nevertheless the city
itself is in mourning it is coming to
grips with what happened we are seeing
condolences coming in pouring in from
all over Crimea from all over Russia
testimonies from witnesses who were
there yesterday who can't quite seem to
accept what happened friends the
teachers that they lost yesterday
nevertheless investigators are on scene
they're continuing to gather clues to
look at his background well the a gunman
is believed to be an 18 year old student
of the college he was found dead in the
building having shot himself and similar
similarities I should say are being
drawn to another atrocity one that
happened almost 20 years ago
we got reaction from several specialists
who say the attack clearly echos the
Columbine massacre and that in today's
Internet age is just far too easy to
learn how to make basic but deadly
weapons a shocking event but clearly
there is something of a pattern
developing and it is very difficult to
know how we can respond to that I mean
we don't want our schools and colleges
to become fortresses the places of
learning which we were children and
young people are exploring their ways
developing their lives they shouldn't be
fortresses or jails in that sense but
also I think we need to look at the
culture I mean it's very early to draw
any conclusions of powers but the powers
of combine up there are obvious I said
young man who carried a terrible crime
it seems but also ended his own life you
know he didn't deserve that and really
he needed our help before we got to this
stage and I think we need to be looking
at that as a society all of us there's
no longer just a mirror an American
problem for a long time I think we could
kind of pretend we in Europe were didn't
have this problem kuai it is not just a
Russian but a European problem and I
think we all have to take that on board
the fact is that in the days of the
Internet particularly it's relatively
easy to discover the means and then
indeed acquire the means to make
rudimentary weapons such as these basic
explosive devices we've seen in other
incidents terror related incidents for
example where you can kill large numbers
of people without any access whatsoever
to these kinds of traditionally criminal
or terrorist associated weapons for
example we've seen vehicles used knives
used as weapons and these have been very
very effective in terror attacks and
there's no reason of course why they
wouldn't be equally effective in the
hands of a disaffected exceed for
example and so it's possible certainly
to using the Internet freely available
information to make basic explosive
devices and we are keeping across any
further developments following the
attack in Crimea we'll bring you any
updates
you
you
