a woman wearing a Muslim full face veil
in Denmark has become the first person
to be fine since a controversial new law
came into effect there the ban came into
force last Wednesday and outlaws the
wearing of full-faced veils such as the
Birkin and the kneecap in public police
also have new powers to instruct women
to remove their veils or ask them to
leave public spaces fines ranged from
130 euro for first time offenders to 10
times that a my hundred euro in other
cases Muslims currently make up 5% of
Denmark's population of protests against
the new law have taken place in a number
of cities across Denmark in the capital
hundreds gathered in solidarity with the
Muslim community wearing veils and face
masks we are pushing people out of our
society instead of integrating and
making our society able to to absorb all
kinds of people we are pushing them out
the fact that you could actually make a
law specifically targeted some
minorities are extremely scary and if we
don't do anything about now I don't know
where we will end like what will the
next law be I think we should focus more
on trying to understand different
cultures and then not allowing them to
be a part of our society well there are
limitations on wearing full-faced veils
in public areas in other EU countries -
France was the first nation to impose of
poll-bound
in 2011 all the countries including
Spain the Netherlands and Italy have
introduced parceled bans outside the EU
Turkey has a partial ban as well despite
it being a Muslim majority country we
spoke with a Muslim woman affected by
the new Danish ban she thinks it will
only further isolate the community they
argue that it's gonna integrate this
into society even more but the reality
is that many of us we used to go to
school we used to work and so after this
fall we can't go to school we can't work
anymore it's impossible for us to be a
part of society now the we're
criminalizing we're actually criminals
so we think it's a part of a bigger
picture a big
that includes trying to discriminate
against Muslims take away the rights of
Muslims by going after a minority within
a minority and then with some community
such as the women who choose to wear
them off as Muslim women from women in
dialog we've made the decision that
we're gonna keep on wearing than the FOP
we're not ready to throw everything that
we believe in in order to fit this trick
ssin that they're trying to make of what
a Danish person is the discrimination of
the hate crime against Muslim women is
gonna rise so much as a result of this
law so not only is it not going to work
in accordance to the intentions that it
was made for which was inclusion but
it's also gonna further hate crime
against Muslim women's alright joining
us live now from Copenhagen I'm happy to
say is writer and journalist Ingrid
Karl's fist
you're very welcome Ingrid Ingrid is
this is this not a divisive law that's
that's likely simply to alienate the
Muslim community and in a way those
women who are at least are coming out
into the community they will actually
retreat into their homes and maybe not
make an effort at all in the future well
that's one way to look at it there is
another way to look at it and it's that
we don't want this in our countries we
don't want people who follow a religion
like that that they don't that they are
not able to dress like normal people and
I think that if you had a referendum in
Sweden and you asked people do you want
people to be able to to to hide their
faces I think like 760 70% will say no
we don't want that only I'm just looking
at some of the figures only 150 women in
Denmark reportedly wear burka or knee
cap the question is is the outcry over
this really worth it giving more
attention to this issue than really
perhaps would have been garnered to it
well I understand that of course I do
maybe it's not so many but it's it's
sort of a it's sort of an important
question because
when we first started to see women with
it the hijab we said oh they're not so
many that's not a problem I mean I see
these women every day and they look at
me like I'm a prostitute and I don't
really like that being looked at a
prostitute in my own country and then we
started having these with kneecaps and
burkas and now we say now there are so
few that's not really a problem I think
it is a problem if we want to keep our
countries Western like we are we are
Swedish country and we really have you
know all the equality between women and
men we've had that also as the Vikings
and and I actually don't want it in my
country well there's another issue here
as well isn't there the right of this
state dictating to people what they were
and to prohibit certain types of dress
does it not as you say on your country
it's one of the most liberal countries
in the world doesn't it set a dangerous
precedent well I do understand that
point of view and I agree with you that
it could be really dangerous what if the
state starts you know deciding how women
could wear what they could wear but we
are in a very dire situation in Sweden I
mean we are on the brink of becoming a
minority in our own country and we
really need to stand up for what is
Swedish what what made sweet the great
country used to be and we really need to
to say to these people know if you have
come here to live you have to accept our
rules if you don't want to do that then
you must go back to your own country
this is going to add fuel to the fire
though of those saying that there is
growing Islamophobia in Europe that for
instance people cannot wear the knee cap
Muslims but a nun can wear their
religious clothing on the street for
instance what's the difference well the
difference is that I mean we know that
nuns do it because they have married God
and Muslim women first of all they are
not the tradition in Sweden they are not
their indigenous population of Sweden or
the Nordic countries and if they want to
come and live here we have I don't know
how many nuns killed we have in Sweden
50 or 100 something like that of course
that's not a problem because that is
Christianity that's what we've had in
this country for 1000 years but Islam is
a pretty new phenomena phenomenon in
Sweden and they are now I'm sorry to say
if they are all over the place I don't
recognize my country anymore and we
really need to say no this is he you but
how you say that's the Ingrid they will
say it's their country though that they
have every right to to wear on you know
praise whatever religion they want in
what is now their land as well if
they're not affecting other people they
are affecting our society all over the
place I mean for example if we just talk
about these women in the hijab or the
niqab or the burqa they are looking at
me a Swedish women in a Swedish woman in
my own country
looking at me like I'm a prostitute
that's not ok I don't want that anymore
and and there are so many other things
about now we have you know there the
prayers the call to prayers from some
mosques is Wien they are totally
changing our country and a lot of sweets
say no we don't want that anymore
you
