hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report it's not all so easy sometimes
things are difficult stays max I know
the second half you're talking to miss
shed Lok and you're continuing on this
theme of the trade war because in the
last episode Karl Denninger said well
trade wars can actually be a good thing
especially in this situation whereby the
United States has been losing for the
past 20-30 years against China in a
trade war that has been one-sided miss
shed lock we know from his website mich
TOCOM that he is totally against the
trade war so we'll see what happens in
the second half about that but one group
of people who are very happy with a
trade war as it's been happening so far
happy with tariffs steel industry
emerges as trade war winner president
Donald Trump's metal tariffs have sent
steel prices surging and sparked
Blockbuster profits for steel
manufacturers reliant steel and aluminum
hauled in record sales thanks to 18
percent spike in prices
Nucor recorded the best second quarter
in its history its profits more than
doubled steel companies are very happy
with this and looks like they're winning
yeah well let's call the deflation so
inflation is coming in a big way we've
had this inflation very little inflation
for decades interest rates have gone
down for 30 years bond markets have
rally for 30 years now the whole thing
is reversing interest rates are going up
and so is inflation so we'll see how
that plays out if wages rise faster than
inflation as such then Trump's a winner
if wages don't rise as fast as this neo
inflation then we got trouble well at
the end of the article they do mention
your point of view so they do first talk
about the games the winnings how happy
the winners are in the steel industry
they're making more money their profits
are going up their shareholders are
happy their workers are happy but on the
other side of the equation they do
mention that of course steel customers
are less than thrilled material costs
have risen by as much as 50 percent fjm
ferro brooklyn company that fabricates
still used in Manhattan's skyscrapers
steel companies may have record profits
but it does hurt the mom-and-pop shop
said joke as kooky FDM Pharaohs found
and CEO so the people in Manhattan where
there's a construction boom going on
they need a lot of Steel and they're not
happy with this there's one major theme
that compasses all this is called D
globalization so for 30 years well
post-world War two is all about
globalization you had all the globalized
institutions like the IMF the World Bank
the UN world all these things but now
they're all being challenged by Trump
and we're entering into a period of
decay level is Asian which would mean
higher prices inflation across the board
and if wages follow suit then there will
be peace in the valley if wages don't
fall out there will be lots of problems
okay so we're gonna tie those together
into other segments here where they talk
to some of the guys from these steel
companies that are winning Trump impose
25% steel tariffs that has seen the
price of steel in the United States soar
by 41% higher the benchmark price of US
Steel has a zooms 41% higher and to 917
dollars per short ton so new core is
seizing on the momentum however they
said new core I said is gaining they
their stock prices soaring their profits
are soaring and what are they doing well
they're seizing on the momentum to plow
1 billion dollars back into its business
a huge increase that will mostly go
towards expansion quote what will happen
to our great country if we continue to
operate with a massive trade imbalance
said the CEO we agree with the
administration's efforts to address this
issue boom well there it is so new car
is saying we're gonna take the huge
savings and we're going to build
factories and we're gonna hire people
they're gonna be making more money than
they were before
and inflation is back the big losers and
all this and you will know that trumpism
and the Trump economic model has really
hit hit hard when the bond market starts
to unravel because you can't have a
rising bond market and inflation at the
same time so when the bond market starts
to unravel you know that trumpism and
the Trump economic model has really
taken hold it means that workers get
higher pay prices go up but your wages
go up so you're gonna feel richer Main
Street will benefit Wall Street will get
kicked in the teeth well certainly you
and I can recall in the 1970s when
inflation
was very high but remember wages used to
be pegged to that inflation I remember
my mother getting pricing you know her
wage was increased every year like seven
eight percent based on the inflation
that was similar so we used to get our
incomes more pegged to the rate of
inflation of course now there's no what
happened in the eighties with Thatcher
and Reagan deregulation where they
separated the functions of Wall Street
and capital raising from the economy at
large so that companies and the
privileged elites on Wall Street could
engage in financial engineering or
deregulation that will allow them to
make huge amounts of gains personally
for their yachts and chateaus and Park
Avenue penthouses but that the money
that they were gladly glomming from the
central bank would bypass wages they did
this through World Trade Organization
outsourcing to China and essentially
outsourcing all kinds of ecological
costs to all the externalities of
joining a business where X you know
outsourced to China
okay now that period of globalization as
it's called is being reversed it's D
globalization higher inflation I
mentioned the 70s and wages used to
increase with inflation that's because a
lot of people in the audience are
probably too young to remember that we
used to have a gold standard and thus
these huge trade imbalances were not
something that happened because of
course the United States didn't want a
massive trade imbalance because that
meant they had to ship their gold to the
likes of France and then when the United
Kingdom asked for their 300 million
dollars worth of gold the US said no
1971 they went off the gold standard so
because of that during the 70s we had
that monetary it was very unstable and
lots of inflation because investors were
doubting whether or not we could have a
total fiat system and nevertheless the
workers were still aware of what the
value of money was wages were tied to
the inflation number and of course in
the 70s you had the discontinuation of
the gold standard but you also had the
oil embargo of the 70s which shot the
price of energy up and that meant that
price of wages were had to be tied to
that increase in prices as well so
workers were benefiting until then
you know that we just covered a moment
ago but you're right that way workers
had great wage parody they understood
that terms so this is what I'm saying is
another way to get rid of this massive
trade imbalance of course is just what
the hated John Maynard Keynes said and
predicted just as he predicted World War
two and then he predicted this moment in
time that if we didn't have some sort of
global trade unit whereby all that we
would have massive trade imbalances the
the trade surpluses in Germany and China
are just as dangerous and destabilizing
to economies around the world as the
massive imbalance the trade deficit that
the United States has so any country who
chooses to be like the United States
they they do have an exorbitant
privilege of the US dollar as a world
reserve currency but it does at the cost
of their workers so to get back to new
course on new core is a company when
they're now policies that are driven by
the Trump administration policies and
the change in steel pricing and now what
this is happening to workers that's kind
of the cutting edge to what's happening
industrial America and on Wall Street
it's kind of interesting are we seeing a
rotation out of the fang stocks of the
network stocks like Facebook and Twitter
and Apple are we seeing a rotation into
industrials like the new course I mean
this is so that will a market have a net
kind of rebalancing and not a crash
effect I mean that could be the
possibility that's a bit of an
understatement to say a rotation out of
the fang share is because of course
facebook and twitter have had a complete
collapse not that twitter is kind of in
that market of those online you know
monopolies and oligopolies but again
going with this US dollar issue you know
our frequent guest Jim Rickards has said
that he believes there will be an SDR
standard the Special Drawing right that
the IMF Special Drawing right that's
kind of what Keynes had kind of suggests
it's similar to that with a bank or of a
global trading unit a currency not
issued by any particular national
government but it's a trading unit to
avoid the situation of trade imbalances
another thing Jim Rickards said about
the u.s. dollar system is that after 20
30 years of since the collapse of
communism and the Soviet system the u.s.
you know history supposedly ended and
there becomes a point where an empire
gets hubris and they start wielding
their weapon of saying you can't access
our US dollar system so I want to turn
to a quote which came last week from
Vladimir Putin when he was at a
conference I think it was in South
Africa and he was asked about the
Russia's dumping of the US dollar
Treasuries he said he said you know
we're not getting rid of we're not going
to end we're not against the u.s. dollar
system but just you know we're
protecting ourselves from these
sanctions and stuff like that and the
sort of hysteria in the United States
Putin says no plans to reject dollar but
risks should be stemmed Russia has no
plans to reject the US dollar even
though Washington has undermined trust
in its currency by using it as an
argument in political disputes Russian
President Vladimir Putin said Putin also
said the United States undermines trust
and the dollar as a reserve currency by
imposing restrictions on settlements and
dollars this prompts dozens of countries
to consider other options Putin said
adding that the Chinese yuan is now
obtaining more of the qualities required
for the role of reserve currency you
know the u.s. acting as a bully
regarding the u.s. dollar financial
system could ironically end up helping
workers in the United States that's
right the US dollar has being dropped
and as a reserve currency and so you
have Titanic shifts or tectonic shifts I
should say in the global economy and one
of those would be use of alternative
currencies again I think it will end up
being better for the average person if
any workers predicted this we're makers
have predicted us but what I'm saying is
that I have lived in Europe and I could
witness with my own two eyes the life
the lifestyle the the quality of living
of the ordinary European is vastly
superior to the lifestyle of the
ordinary American and part of that they
used to have as miserable and experience
you could see that in Europe
before you know when they had empires
once they got rid of the empires their
lifestyles and their living standards
have increased rapidly I think if you
could see it across Paris for example
you've made that observation before that
the lifestyles in Europe are vastly
improved because they don't pretend to
be empires they don't have the
infrastructure costs of an empire so
once you release that cost you're going
to have a trickle down to the average
person so you're suggesting the u.s.
empires in terminal phase and that
Americans should rejoice they should
embrace it
look you could travel around Paris and
there are all those fountains beautiful
fountains but they're water fountains
right why are they there because the
ordinary French person they were plagued
with all sorts of diseases of poverty
they was so horrible there in Paris that
some billionaire philanthropist of the
day built all those water fountains so
that the people would have clean water
and now it's the opposite you know you
have medicines on frontier coming here
to America to treat poor people in the
Appalachia you know who have no access
to dental or medical care so the average
American citizen does not benefit at all
from the American Empire No
so breaking up the Empire might be bad
for a few conglomerates but great for
the average person we'll have to see
when it happens it's II know it's
happening oh it's happening it's on it's
on like Donkey Kong hey speaking of
Donkey Kong we got to take a break when
we come back we'll be continuing in this
vein so don't go away
welcome back to the cosmic port I'm Max
Keiser time now to turn to mish shed
lock of mish talk.com mish welcome back
but you're back on the show max let's
talk trade war in our last episode here
at Kaiser report we interviewed Carl
denature of Market Ticker who said trade
war is a good thing I believe you
believe it's a bad thing
tell us why all it does is increase
increased prices on consumers here in
the u.s. Wow
if other nations retaliate it limits our
exports and look what happened to price
the soybeans virtually crashed the US
was in a mad dash actually added to GDP
as everyone was trying to export their
soybeans right ahead of the 25% tariff
that China put on so the farmers are
howling mad here five Republican
senators are howling mad over this
mainly the agricultural straights max I
can only find one person as happy one
industry is happy that's the u.s. steel
industry prices are going up the auto
industry is mad because the price of
aluminum and steel is going up the cost
of cars is gonna go up our exports are
going down we call this winning
I don't think so max it's it's losing
well you mentioned the prices are going
up and that they do go up and but the
China outsourcing of labor really was
problematic for China it's unsustainable
they're moving away from a slave model
more toward a higher price labor model
so in a lot of and the US can't get away
with outsourcing the environmental
degradation that they were doing for
years you know China is not taking the
garbage anymore the biggest export of
America to China for a long long time
was garbage and now China is saying we
don't want you an actual garbage not
garbage products but actual tons of
garbage and not China saying we don't
want your garbage so China is rejecting
the model so if America you know this
what Trump is doing is in reaction in a
lot of ways to what China is insisting
that we do so we might call it like
let's do trade war but you know
it's already been in a train war we were
doing a train for four years there now
we're trying to react to admissions if
China is really subsidizing the US with
cheap steel cheap aluminum cheap solar
panels for example that's to the US
benefit who benefits from that what
China is doing if that's really accurate
is saying here take this stuff we
manufactured we're gonna give it to you
cheap who benefits the US consumer max
if the US consumer benefits it's good
for the US man yeah but US consumer over
the US worker you know wages are going
I've been outsourced to China so prices
are going down have been for a long time
but not as fast as wages so they're all
Trump is saying is let's reverse that
equation
let's get prices up but let's get wages
up as well because we're gonna start
building manufacturing capacity right
here in America the US manufacturers now
more than ever before max look at the
numbers it just takes fewer and fewer
people we call this productivity to
manufacture anything those jobs aren't
really coming home you know the the the
industries might come home and some of
the jobs have come back the jobs didn't
come back with an S that that's the
whole fallacy of this thing you know
there's there's five million jobs
manufacturing companies in the US that
use steel products maybe a couple of
hundred thousand that actually produced
steel where's the benefit to this to
drive up the price of steel max there is
none right you mentioned new core new
core the steel company they've by this
policy picked up a billion dollars in
savings they have now talked about
they're going to start manufacturing in
the US that's the steel company as you
mentioned already benefiting from this
it looks like high pay steel jobs right
there a new core so it's early in the
game the trend is emerging though that
this is a net winner for wages in the US
mission it's a net win here for the
steel industry it's a net look if that
I'm not even convinced of that but at a
net loss to everybody else there's no
there's no win here
there's only lost year the Chinese side
of the equation is clearly in flux I
mean they are no longer going to be able
to accept the current paradigm as it has
existed for example in China now
thousands of incidences of mass unrest
due to toxic pollution given the entire
communities cancer so is this the only
way to compete you know your family's
certain to come down with cancer I mean
you know this disloyalty about sourcing
the toxic externalities as are called
for corporations to China it's it's hit
a Chinese wall they're not going to
accept it anymore so that this situation
is changing mesh how can the US you're
certainly right people over and China
are dying so here you have the case for
air pollution for water pollution my
gosh I don't even want to go to China
let alone you know I have to live there
max with with with all the pollution I
couldn't trust anything I could eat or
drink but again who's the beneficiary of
this it's not to Chinese people and yes
it's going to change interesting thing
is just looking at a trade report today
chime acts and China is about ready to
go into a a trade deficit with the rest
of the world just not with the US so how
is this supposed to work in Trump's
Fantasyland here what's happening is the
price of oil is going up yeah the the
price of other things that trying to use
us China's labor cost is going up it's
it's just us is not the beneficiary no
in Trump's world you know he wants to us
to have a be equal footing here with
China well China's already this you're
gonna be on equal footing with most of
the rest of the world it's just not
going to please try Trump's firing this
this gun and it's coming back around
boomer
back around he's firing the gun right at
the US max I think it might cost in the
midterm elections so mish what do you
think should be done about the so-called
bucket of losers of which we're spoken
about by Hillary Clinton those in the
former industrial powerhouses that now
have non wealth creating low-wage jobs
like burger-flipping you can't possibly
afford to move to where the jobs are in
San Francisco New York City mass
incarceration to keep them from voting
perhaps $5 day wages you know what what
is your answer on that well you're gonna
be with me on this one max the what's
the real problem here that's what we
need to step back and look is the real
problem that wages aren't high enough or
is the real problem that the Fed has
thrown trillions of dollars you know in
every which direction and prices are
rising and we've recreated a bubble in
housing in stock market in assets and of
course the bottom end of the rung is not
the beneficiary there but the top end is
top 1% even top 10% can't go much deeper
than that's happier than ever so that's
the problem you know yet we see all
these people winning is so-called
progressive shock the world in new yes
in New York I forget this woman's name
but you know she's running on a policy
of oh well let's give away free
education pre-kindergarten free health
care Medicare for all max you know that
policy can't work anytime government
gets in and starts flushing this money
around the opposite of what the intent
is or the stated intent is what happens
look at where prices are reasonably
stable and agricultural products food
are among them look at where they're not
cost of Education
soaring everything we've drilled money
at medical Obama care every place where
we've tried to give away free stuff
that's where the problem is max that
would be Cortez in New York election
coming up in November now so you
mentioned the money being thrown away by
the at the Fed all the money printing
you're talking about of course China and
the US trade balance imbalance and
invariably that comes to this idea of
the US dollar as role and as a reserve
currency now what a global trade unit be
more equitable means of avoiding a
massive trade imbalance so in other
words going forward you're in a bit of a
Gordian knot in a lot of respects in
terms of solving these trade issues is
it going in and you mentioned the Fed
there and the money printing is there a
room is there scope to consider a global
trading unit of some type not the US
dollar but one that is more equitable
works works from in keeping a global
trade more imbalanced mesh absolutely
max and you know what it is
it's gold the it's actually whatever the
free market would decide upon if the
free market decided on Bitcoin I would
be perfectly happy with that max yes we
do need to get central bank's out of the
picture let the people choose whatever
currency they want to trade in if we
take this back to when all these trade
imbalances started it didn't start with
NAFTA it started when Nixon it closed
the gold window ending trade if we went
back on on that policy the trade deficit
would go back pretty close to zero to
where it was before we took this off
which allowed the free printing of money
in the United States the EU got into it
Japan got into it
China got into it the that's the problem
that's what we need to get back to how
about a free market and currency that
would fix the problem you know the
Bitcoin advocates out there would say
that this is the free market and
currency it is a Hayek like in its
ability to appeal to folks who want
turns used to compete with each other
and a free more
and that has gained a lot of traction in
that sense
conversely gold you would think based on
what we're saying here that gold would
catch a bid that gold would be slightly
more positive as folks looked around to
the global trade wars and trade
situation and started to discount the
possibility that this completely
unsustainable and like has happened so
many times before a return to gold is
inevitable
how come gold is training so lackluster
in your view mission there I don't know
I certainly expected a a rise in gold
here but look at it this way if you gave
people a choice would you rather but
they'd rather have a dollar
backed by X number of ounces or grams or
whatever of gold or would they rather
have a dollar back by nothing I think we
know the answer to that and actually it
is in his Bitcoin that is arisen out of
that out of that matrix max I don't
disagree with you on that point at all
the so but what is it going to take to
get back there I don't know I do think
we're headed for a global currency
crisis of some kind I don't know how we
can't be I don't know where it starts my
guess actually still is Europe or Japan
but it could easily start in China or or
or anywhere else we both know the system
that we're on here I don't know you know
how many are we up to a quadrillion
derivatives now this model is not
sustainable I don't know how long it has
though max no one does we're all
guessing just remember mesh bitcoin is
not the bubble bitcoin is the pin anyway
we're out of time thanks for being on
the Kaiser report a pleasure to be on
max and I look forward to the next one
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the car as a report with me Max
Keiser and Stacey I would like to think
our special guest mich shed lock of mich
talk.com if you want to reach us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye Oh
