hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
do the corporate mainstream media fuel
America's cultural wars do they magnify
political differences it would seem so
how else could it be as the only topic
that is discussed and argued over is
Donald Trump our journalists infected
with Trump derangement syndrome
Krauss fucking trumped arrangement
syndrome I'm joined by my guess Rob Taub
in New York he's a political pundit and
journalist contributing to the
Huffington Post also in New York we have
Lionel he's a legal analyst and a news
decoder at Lionel Mediacom and in
Plymouth we cross to Patrick Henningsen
he is a journalist and writer and
founder of the news website 21st century
wire.com all right gentlemen crosstalk
rolls in effect that means you can jump
in anytime you want
Lionel let me go to you you're also
referred to on this program as fella
my first question is here does the
corporate mainstream you remember that
program I did do do the corporate
mainstream media do they contribute to
the cultural wars as it is are we is
divided and is everything is contentious
as it really is or they just magnify it
for their own political purposes go
ahead Lionel
yes no yes no and sometimes the
corporate first of all correction my
dear friend it is not the mainstream
media it used to be the mainstream media
they used to be mainstream they're not
this is the mainstream media social
media different platforms that's
mainstream they are in an existential
fight for their life so within the
particular parameters of their working
environment yes they mix it up and
people are screaming does the rest of
the country mainstream Heartland
mainstream America care no there you go
okay but okay but Rob I mean I get we
all get Lionel's point but they still
think of themselves as the mainstream
and representing the the population what
they really do is represent power
particularly on the Left I would say but
I want to stay with this this
magnification here because if you look
if you watch CNN and MSNBC and then you
watch Fox on the same evening you'd
think you'd be in parallel universes I
mean you really would have a sense that
both are in some kind of
never-never-land and having nothing to
do with the world outside go ahead rob I
was one of the token liberals on Fox and
at one point I think I made over 200 and
ten appearances on there over the course
of a couple of years I there they were
pursuing back then I think more of a
fair and balanced attitude but now well
I was always like the Washington
Generals the team that has never beaten
the Harlem Globetrotters I you know was
going in and know that in five other
people were gonna beat up on me but I
was allowed to voice my opinion I don't
really get that sense anymore I sense
that the people that they picked to give
a liberal perspective are speaking about
outrageous claims and comments and
policies and they're taking an extreme
so they can say hey look at this kooky
liberal he's just like Bernie Sanders
but but we also have a divisive
president who has created acrimony
throughout the country and we have
politicians on both sides that are
taking more extreme points of view and
you're going to have news shows and
stations that are going to be
representative of those those policies
and beliefs and then those that those
bases are gonna go and and watch those
particular stations and channels okay
Lionel doesn't agree but I'm gonna go to
Patrick first here I mean Rob brings up
a really good point I mean Donald Trump
by any any measure is a very contentious
president I mean I I watch all of his
Stadium appearances I mean he goes out
there okay and his base likes it okay
but he does give the mainstream
mainstream media or this CNN MSNBC the
people like that he gives them a lot of
cannon fodder to Wow to work with
Patrick yeah I think you earlier your
point the existential crisis that the
mainstream media is going through it's
not just an existential crisis it's a
financial crisis so what you have now is
they've been forced to basically run
clickbait if you're talking about
broadcast television is one crisis after
another or one sort of trump derangement
crisis after another with the print
The Washington Post I get the daily
alerts every day it's a Michael Cohen
said this Michael Cohen said that Steve
bannon's Gardner heard him you know
whatever singing Russian in the shower
so that this is the daily sort of fodder
because they can't they have to attract
the audience's they have to get the
clicks the the very thing they accuse
the independent media of was a very
thing they decry on social media they
themselves are the worst offenders now
so they need a crisis this is the sort
of reoccurring theme with the mainstream
media okay it's actually always been
like that for many years they need a
crisis if it's not political it'll be
the way yeah but Patrick let me let me
go to Lionel but I I get what you're
saying but what about a real crisis
because for my sensibility the stormy
Daniels isn't a crisis for me I could
care less okay
a creepy porn lawyer I could care less
it's in one ear out the other
those are minutes of my life they will
never get back that's why I don't watch
those stations here Lionel you were
disagreeing at some point go ahead jump
in to my dear friend the intellectually
sapient mister table i disagree in one
respect when roger ailes died fox news
as we knew it died absolutely died next
with a DC fox merger disney rather
excuse me fox merger even though they
swear that the news division is
different you were seeing a watered down
anodyne saccharine version of what was
once fox at it's and you can argue about
this best and the like with all due
respect also my dear friend peter what
you like has nothing to do with what
these people are interested in this is a
24/7 runaway train that you want to be
run away you have to keep feeding the
boiler and you were pouring everything
into it you have a newsroom with twenty
something I'm sorry to say per diem
folks who have no journalistic ability
no no experience in any kind of TV or
whatever they're just there to click and
just feedback extra mile but now you
know there's no room for correction but
the point is here is this dividing the
country I mean I understand how it's
made and why it's made and I understand
the
line here but this is dividing the
country I mean Jim Acosta I mean what a
disgrace to journalism okay I mean they
probably think he's doing a great job
Rob you're nodding your head go ahead
he's not he's not defied okay okay go
ahead go ahead Rob Jim Acosta is not
dividing it okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
it's all right like go ahead Rob Lionel
consider this okay I'm going to start at
the top with our esteemed president
Donald J Trump when you have a White
House press pool they usually normally
interact with the White House
communications director who for quite a
while was hopes hope Hicks the way it
used to run and I was not a huge fan of
President Obama I only voted for him
once Jen Psaki who was a communications
director disseminated information to her
comms team the comms team then
interacted with various people on the
press pool and disseminated information
to them so they could write about it I
don't think that's ever been done under
Trump so you have press people that sit
around twiddling their thumbs sitting
and fuming going what am I gonna do what
am I gonna write about I think I'll say
that Trump is a jerk
and that he's disorganized and he
doesn't do anything to read because
that's what's going on Anita comms team
he has Twitter okay that's what's
happened here let me go to Patrick
because you know we've got to hang on
hang on line Hannah you know we've gone
back and forth on this program with all
of us all of us here about Twitter and
and it's got those pluses and minuses
here but again the traditional
mainstream media lionel okay this is
where the creates an opening for them is
well okay so you know these different
strategies they they have their pluses
and minuses Patrick go ahead and
Plymouth yeah I think your your kind of
talking about two different things here
but let's talk about social media for a
minute because these are some of the you
know same corporations that are now
overlapping with broadcast media and
with mainstream print and they're also
working hand-in-hand with the first
draft coalition and all these sort of
concepts to police fake news and so
forth there
ideological you know in the United
States and you know their ideological
dependence is really on this state you
know and I think this is the mainstream
media's problem as well they need access
to the state they need access to power
they also need access to corporate
advertising money and hence they become
a tool of government or they become a
tool of corporate propaganda the same
goes for the Silicon Valley Facebook
might be democratic progressive in the
United States but believe me they're
absolutely colorblind internationally
because they need access to all these
markets so so I guess when we're talking
about media I think we can open up the
conversation now a little bit more but
but in terms of United States
unfortunately even if as your previous
guest said they're going to be briefed
by the White House team I think they
would throw that briefing in the waste
bin if they received it before from the
you know the press will receive that
under this administration because their
hell for leather really just bent on you
know having this president in Peach
yeah well that's let me go to Lionel
before we go to the break here I mean
you know I see ideological possession I
mean it's demonic okay on Amazon CNN and
MSNBC I mean it's it's the point of
being irrational it's not even fun to
watch anymore I used to poke fun at you
know brian Stelter I mean the stupidest
guy on TV but even now that's not funny
forty second slide on before we go to
the break first of all table I love you
to death I give you a kidney not mine
but somebody else's if you needed it
there are two things by afraid number
one you're living in the past you're
living in the past you're talking about
White House news polls what this says
this is grandpa wake up number two hate
Trump and kid you can't get past it okay
you're giving us you you're giving an
example of ideological possession you
know okay finish Peter Lyman called me
kid once and I'm two years older than he
is 20 seconds Lionel keep going but it's
true this is no Twitter
look they told FDR with the fireside
chat you can't talk on the radio be
presidential need i say more
we've got to wake up and smell the
coffee kids it's a new day okay I'm
gonna jump in here guys we're gonna go
to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
Trump derangement syndrome stay with RT
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter level to
remind you were discussing Trump
derangement syndrome
okay I want to go back to Rob in New
York and I want to ask you all the same
question hypothetical Rob hypothetical
situation Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin
media ops they get together and they
start attacking Donald Trump how long
will it take the super CNN and MSNBC to
join in all of a sudden Wow Vladimir is
on our side now okay I'm asking this
seriously okay go ahead
what kind of attack is this gonna be
foot soldiers marching marching up our
shores or is it no immediate taxing he's
not a reliable partner we can't work
with him we can't work with him okay
okay that's what I'm getting at okay
and I and I'm sure the left would be all
over it in a heartbeat keep going Rob no
I don't think that's going to happen I
don't think they're going to say see how
how fickle they are and now they've
turned against Donald Trump and this is
hypothetical hypothetical why those
brian Stelter 'he's not even going to
put up for that as long as there's a
story there we're gonna milk it okay
Patrick I just I think you guys are
grasping at straws here no no no I'm
trying to make a point here night it's a
valid point I think as well all right
oh come online I'll have a little bit of
fun you know you're acting like home you
know what was his name of Bob senator
Dole right now get off the grass okay
Patrick Patrick we again what I'm just
saying is that anything you know no
matter how bizarre and how you know out
of the park it is they will pick up on
this okay because they've picked up on
every single else real false imagined
and run with it like fools they would do
it again Patrick so so Russia versus
Trump does that that's a hypothetical
Peter liberals love during hypothet
by the way I'm just gonna say yes Peter
100% 100% they would open up a shrine to
Vladimir Putin outside CNN's offices in
Atlanta they would start Rachel Maddow
would go to Sochi and start doing fluff
videos about what a great holiday
destination it is that's what would
happen because media is is is colorblind
in this sense they'll go to where the
political where the political power is
so you know I don't think I don't think
I think they would pivot they would
definitely pivot what do I want to get
rid of Trump right right enemy of my
enemy my friend that is exactly right
that's what I'm getting at here all
right Lionel pretty please come out of
your hole now getting stuck answer the
question my friend
he's been so convivial no he's in a good
mood today okay keep going mining would
you take a happy pill you're a genius
confound poor tower but they're pathetic
oh you mean it's not what's a
hypothetical right listen
what you're doing is terrific what
you're saying is crosses cross stop
asaurus edition but I digress come on
please your what your your bite you
wrote about my time now let's assume
this so Vladimir Putin tomorrow comes
out and let's say worse than that
Lavelle
let's say he places facebook ads now
imagine something that shows a a diss 8
something negative against Trump now
most people would say the left the
prototypical fascist corporate left
would say wait a minute
how can we agree with them now when we
didn't like him a week ago the enemy I
by enemy of my friend are we gonna be
that crazed
that venal I go along with them it makes
perfect sense because liberals used to
believe in sub liberties two years ago
they don't get anymore that's Paul man
afford okay I mean for tax evasion the
average person convicted of tax evasion
goes to jail for a year and a half
Paul Manafort it faces 300 years okay
what happened to the Liberals okay they
used to believe in civil liberties all
right got an ostrich coat the
explanation Lionel is very easy they're
ideologically possessed they've lost
their marbles robbed give me a
hypothetical Peter pathetical if Rachel
Maddow went to went to Sochi she would
die mysteriously in some kind of biking
accident that's what would happen they
disappear her okay I just don't see it
as a viable thing use your analogy back
it up okay good bad wreck she could do a
cameo in a Pussy Riot video maybe and
some Cossacks are showing nothing
Peter their point is you're right 10 or
20 years ago they would have rallied
around the president in that scenario
but we we are not in that time anymore
now there is a kind of a political
ideological obsession a fetish if you
will and total derangement to get this
rid of this president so what might have
been true 20 years ago is not happen
wouldn't happen now in that sense yeah
the media is is completely out of its
out of its tree in that sense but I
think the point is as well that you're
not going to get any political
objectivity from this mainstream media
and in that sense they're going to hand
Trump re-election in 2020 if they
continue down this road I think it's
it's wishful thinking that they'll kill
too personally that they'll be able to
impeach the president if they win the
midterms but the media is just going
absolutely nuts and the run-up to the
midterms with with all they're gonna
ramp it up and it's just gonna go nuts
and unfortunately it's kept this Russia
gate nonsense going here go ahead Lionel
Peter let me assume arguendo that I was
going to ask you a hypothetical question
or a rhetorical question
watch-tabs face now but do you think
these democratic folks recognize that if
for some reason under the rules if Trump
is removed Mike Pence is the president
do you think that in their hate
virulence okay but you never even see if
they're successful you're absolutely
right
but this again kind of confirms I guess
what most of us are saying here in most
viewers that are watching this program
they don't think these things through
very weld do they okay I mean that's why
it's called Trump train table was
because well no I mean the thing what
Mike my pants wouldn't bother me as
president okay please do well first of
all I I'm going I'm going to kind of
side with with Patrick and Lionel here
the the Liberals have over-promised and
under-delivered
have been promising impeachment they've
been promising the end of Trump every
day and people are tiring of it and yeah
they're and it's beginning to make them
look a little ludicrous yeah where where
is this impeachment where is this end of
Trump that you've been telling me about
for months and I see it more than
anywhere remarkably on Facebook with
different journalists I know who shall
go unnamed that one of them all right
skew the jaws theme well they've been
cueing the jaws theme so much that the
the cello guys fingers are probably
broken by now and it's just not it
whether it deserves to happen or not it
it's not happening soon it hasn't
happened and they've shot themselves in
the foot in that regard you know so I
don't know is
an agreement with Lionel no I think well
yeah I think we're in broad agreement
here well a Patrick the thing is that in
the time from the campaign to
inauguration to the present I'm going to
agree with Rob here I mean they've
always looked for the end of something
the end of Trump the end of this
administration
you know impeachment but because they're
so focused on that they haven't thought
about anything else to run on and so
they're going to run on hating Trump and
if you look at the public opinion polls
I mean what is it eighty-eight percent
eighty to eighty eight percent of
Republicans are staying with the
president you know after you know
ninety-eight percent of the airwaves a
barrage against one man I've never seen
it in my life I mean it's all about one
man all of the time it's really
exhausting because like you I'm a policy
guy the rest of its this kind of light
into entertainment okay go ahead Patrick
yeah the problem is while they're going
crazy trying to come up with the latest
sort of gotcha for Donald Trump and
there's like one there's multiple
storylines everyday that are being
invented along those lines while they're
doing all that the world's turning Peter
yeah the world is moving on the United
States has business to do as a country
and I'll extend this I think the the
mainstream media are going beyond
partisanship and so are the Democrat
Party and so are the never Trump errs
for that matter they're undermining the
actual business of the United States I
can't imagine more of an unpatriotic
thing they might think that they're
saving the world from a Russian invasion
or something like this but the fact that
matters they're undermining the u.s.
credibility internationally they're
keeping the u.s. from from doing its
business internationally and on a
diplomatic level and also on in other
levels internationally in international
relations so is that's the real damage
that I think it's I think you said Peter
you set the beginning the show that the
domestic politics is shaping
international politics and they used to
not be that way it is now and that's
really dangerous you know Lionel it's
got an extension of what Patrick was
saying there is that this whole
obsession here it's destroying the
institution of journalism it's
destroying the faith people have in the
democratic process they and it's their
faith in destroying their faith maybe
even in the Democrat
party robber I'd like to have you back
on and talk about that you know this you
know the Bernie side of Italy this young
woman from this Alexander Oh Oh Katya
Cortese
I mean you know this is a direction here
the donors are terrified Pelosi is
terrified Schumer's terrified and it's
all because this is obsession with
ending the political career of a man
that was duly elected go and finish up
on the program finish up go ahead
Lionel Peter let me just remind
everybody do you remember in recent
history any president at his or her well
his rally that was ever able to invoke
and inspire this frothing frenetic
excitement ever when you saw rallies did
you ever say yeah one was a smooth uh
presidential and Obama was this and that
but this president has tapped into a
sizable portion of this country that the
elitist fascistic corporate Ted Baxter
sock puppet media have never been able
to compromise it's a different kid by
the way journalism is we could do an
entire program dissecting the last three
sentences you just said here that's all
the time we have gentlemen many thanks
to my guests in New York and in Plymouth
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember crosstalk rules
you
