elsewhere in the world two tribes anomie
beer in Southwest Africa are attempting
to sue Germany they're seeking
compensation and official apologies for
the alleged genocide by German
colonialists over a hundred years ago
and he says he takes up the story now
Germany still shows signs of its dark
imperial past this is lüderitz raza
named after Adolf lüderitz he
established the very first colony German
Southwest Africa also known as namibia
in the early 1900s german settlers
violently seized land from local
citizens leading to one of the century's
worst genocides
the Herrera nation must now live the
country if it refuses
I shall compel it to do so with the long
tear Ana Herrera found inside the German
frontier with her without the gun or
Carole will be executed I shall spare
neither women nor children
today's Herero and nama communities
still mourn the dead after 80,000 people
were slaughtered they're battling for
the German government to pay for the
crimes committed you practiced on our
people how to commit Holocaust and then
you simply came to perfect it on the
Jews
and you apologized in then you paid them
reparations but because we happen to be
of a different skin color Africans the
German government is saying for us it's
only an apology and that's it
even the apology came a century late
with the German Economic Cooperation and
Development Minister close to tears when
she spoke about it in 2004 we Germans
acknowledge our historical political
moral and ethic responsibility and the
guilt that Germans brought upon
themselves but the government stepped in
saying the Minister was speaking as a
private citizen and not representing
Germany's position it took over a decade
more for Berlin to officially
acknowledge the crimes of the past the
war of extermination in Namibia from
1904 to 1908 was a war crime and
genocide Namibia has received hundreds
of thousands of euros from Germany
perhaps a sort of indirect way of
compensation but that's not enough for
the tribes last year Tamara and nama
representatives father lawsuit in New
York saying they wanted to be part of
the official talks between Germany and
Namibia saying it was the only way to
ensure justice what happened in
Southwest Africa was a genocide and a
violation a violation of law and Germany
is not yet
really been completely held accountable
it is unique in the sense that you can
find a written extermination order that
was issued by Germany to exterminate
exterminate the harinama people
historians researchers academics they
will make reference of this case history
will be written even loss if they win it
might encourage other indigenous groups
to take action against former European
colonial overlords which could see the
likes of Britain France and the
Netherlands pay a high price to past
shames finishes at the Rt Berlin
you
