we're a block show Europe 2018 powered
by coin telegraphed one of the first
publications in the world of crypto this
is exciting the minds of the future are
all gathered here new technologies being
tested and of course the future of
blockchain right here right now berlin
block show let's go we met with johanna
masca the CEO of global situation room
and former had a White House press
advance of former US President Obama for
both of his terms she is now actively
involved in the world of blockchain for
the sake of future generations and
promotes the importance of involving
women in crypto what what should we do
the truth is it's going to take all of
us it's going to take all of us around
the world working towards that domestic
to innovative economy if we want to
create yes a global situation room we
have three pillars we work on global
good global risk and global trade if
we're going to have that optimistic
inclusive innovative economy we need to
be working globally and I think that if
we're going to actually really change
the world we have to reflect the world
and that means women I think women from
all across the world have incredible
roles we literally birth the future we
have a different perspective that we
bring to the table and I think like you
need to represent different communities
you need to represent women in
everything that's done it is true the
blockchain community is predominantly
male we did run into a lot of thought
leaders at the block show that were
females like artists who paint crypto
art that batali beat Aaron himself has
signed for the one as a crypto mother
what does this picture trying to depict
she trying to save the BC in the world
but in crypto currency in financial and
of course female company leaders like
Michelle Yale who is spearheading a
powerful project that could literally
disrupt the data analytics market
worldwide michelle aims to develop an
affordable data analytic platform on the
blockchain that will use artificial
intelligence to empower small businesses
basically a local flower shop can now
afford the same analytical profiling
that Apple pays millions of dollars for
every month all thanks to the blockchain
the boys who would play with you if you
don't have a five to six digit budget
they won't even talk to you
yeah we're looking maybe at a three to
four digit budget which is affordable
it's not something that will kill you
what blocking does for us
it cuts downs processes so which means
the reduces cost and at the same time if
we put in AI and machine learning to the
back of it what it does is that it
learns what you're looking for what
you're looking out for and then it tries
to match what you're trying to get
insights for to drive the business we're
not afraid of the big guys because we're
not doing what they're doing and for
them they're not using blood changes
that are going to take us from here to
there every day and we dream those big
dreams together it's
you
