a large batch of weapons discovered
informally terrorists controlled areas
of eastern Aleppo and Syria came from
the West that's according to an
investigation by war correspondent
Robert Fisk he tracked serial numbers on
the missile casings and tried to find
out how those weapons then ended up in
the terrorists hands
Caleb muffin looks more closely at the
results of the probe this is a weapons
factory located in Bosnia most likely
you have never heard of it but it's here
that the weapons were manufactured for
one of the bloodiest battles in Syria
lots of homes were destroyed and lots of
civilians were killed in Western Aleppo
by those questionable rebels rebel
barrage began at almost exactly eight
o'clock in the morning and it happened
at the worst possible time just as
thousands of children were going to
school the first shell actually came in
between these buildings the children
were on their way to school when a
mortar shell landed nearby a field that
were killed I near them they went to my
school thirteen year old Reem lost her
foot in rebel shelling three weeks ago
the rebels launched the rocket as ten
o'clock in the morning seconds later it
hit the national school of Aleppo three
of the children died on the spot so the
rebels are now pushing closer and closer
we're in the al-assad sir and the rebels
are pushing into Aleppo again
by sunset nine dead over a hundred
civilians injured now most of those
rebels are tied to the al-qaeda-linked
al-nusra terrorist group but let's focus
on those weapons that they used Robert
Fisk an investigative reporter was able
to trace those weapons back to that very
Factory in Bosnia he was able to get a
hold of the factory's logbook and
getting in touch with the former weapons
control director the director recognized
his signature in the law book and from
there was able to determine who the
buyer was
it's a warranty for the 120 millimeter
mortar launcher this is NATO standard it
went to Saudi Arabia it was part of a
supply of 500 mortars
I remember the Saudi shipment well the
Saudis came to our factory to inspect
the weapons at the beginning of 2016 the
response from Saudi officials was pretty
much a denial they said that the
investigation was vague and undefined
however their response seemed pretty
vague as well Saudi Arabia is a leading
voice within the international community
in support of a diplomatic solution to
the conflict in Syria while at the same
time working with our neighbors and
allies to counter the growth of forces
of extremism but it's not just Saudi
Arabia the former weapons director says
that NATO in the United States pretty
much run the show at the weapons making
facility when the Saudis came to our
factory to inspect at the beginning of
2016 there was a Saudi minister and some
Saudi officers who also came to inspect
the weapons before receiving them the
officers wore civilian clothes the
minister was in a robe all our
production after the Bosnian war is
under the control of the Americans and
NATO who are always coming here and they
know each and every piece of weaponry
that leaves our factory we also asked
NATO for a response but they didn't have
any details to share even though the
weapons were actually made to the NATO
standards NATO doesn't own sell or
transfer arms or ammunition for any
further questions we would refer you to
national
authorities now another trace from the
basement of this former terrorist base
in Aleppo is the markings on the casing
of a missile now if you take a look the
first number here this represents the
type of missile the second number
however is the stock number you'll
notice that it contains the figure 0 1
now that's the NATO code representing
the United States it turns out that this
t o w anti-tank missile was manufactured
at a facility in the United States by
the Raytheon systems company this
missile would have been manufactured and
sold by Hughes Raytheon absolutely
legally to a NATO Pro NATO or friendly
ie
pro-american power government Defense
Ministry you name it and there will
exist for it an end-user certificate an
EU C a document of impeccable provenance
which will be signed by the buyers in
this case by the chaps who purchased the
tail missiles in very large numbers
stating that they are the final
recipients of the weapons this is not
the first time this has happened
Syria is actually littered with weapons
that are made to NATO standards and some
of which have actually been manufactured
in the United States the question now is
how much do Washington and NATO know
about their weapons falling into the
hands of the very terrorists they claim
to be fighting there is a deafening
silence a purposeful lack of interest a
purposeful apathy and the reason for
this is simple the US government and the
military-industrial complex and the
corporate owned media that functions as
an echo chamber for the
military-industrial complex actually
does not care the u.s. government
prosecutes those who they say aid and
abet terrorism well guess what American
war contractors are aiding and abetting
terrorism but the u.s. judicial system
the Justice Department the long arm of
American law enforcement will not be
used against these same military
corporations which in fact are
subsidized receive a form of welfare
from American taxpayers every year
you
