same yellow Stevo most I see Tyrion
ASIMO oh yes a PR Tisa
yeah coca Jeeva vlogabond Omo mullet
Vance on mammootty niko face parade
Nicole bodega Nene Krista Raja Patras
ossetia Sahara Prado strands nested Anya
EMU Chaney Chester you can see no Peter
pair sake oh yes a if pregnant on circle
Rosco you never eat emo serenity in a
sec me reading any simplicity Sam she
was party Moussaoui see me was Steven
voices from across your grace and mercy
save our souls we praise you the Holy
Spirit forever and ever
so
Oh Yuki please lovely Oh Ganesha poor
iboga is from the iboga Priscilla God's
Saint Saint let him you've been helping
your people been praying for salvation
of people you refused to follow the old
ways you were baptized you stood on the
right path saving souls of the roots
people praising the truth God our Savior
we are thankful to you we got to know
the salvation of the holy son of God God
Almighty we believe in you
all together we hope to follow you and
to come your kingdom come your hour has
we read of all of us God on mind to
Jesus Christ you are to save us you
listen to our prayers
protect our countries countries of our
people countries who've been coming
through a lot of hardships
you are the first most holy and graceful
we trust and believe in you
love the people and we ask you to be
merciful when we are wrong when we make
mistakes save us from all discord and
disagreement over be evils save us from
disease and save us have your mercy on
rolling us at our
land the fertile that the truth prevail
at you guide us in this world saving us
from our passions every people so that
everyone could rise to our
responsibilities love each other trust
each other seeking to get the best for
the country for the church and let the
light spread all over us all over our
countries so that everyone who fails to
trust and believe will believe once and
for all you lived down here Mon man and
we will be with you Mon others after the
end and will pray to God forever and
ever
your book or did Cersei
Holy Mother the Virgin Mary Mother of
God save us save our souls
please dear Porsche or Pavan janosh God
to save her we prayed on to you Jesus
the true God of all of us praying to you
and to the Holy Mother the Virgin Mary
to the apple stills the Epistle great
king
vadoma who baptized truth and to every
other Saint John and James and all the
applesauce and Saints please have your
mercy on people as God have his mercy on
people loving every one of us
you're hauling your Excellencies mr.
buting and your holiness patrick's
fathers brothers and sisters today we
are here at the monument dedicated to
the Baptizer Rouge to remember the years
which precede the days of today the
event that we determined the development
of slavic people today we commemorate
with st. Vladimir's deeds his choice
once and for all changed the face not
only all the Slavonic culture but of the
whole Christian civilization reading and
rereading
his biography his life why we could only
marvel how incredible were the ways of
God who guided vladimer many things can
be said about Latimer he had to travel
through a lot of hardships his relatives
killed and he so many people falling
down to the his passions but other evils
to what could we say about a person who
said that the people sacrifice should
been done to idols made of wood all that
was true to Latimer before he was
baptized wasn't a good person but what
after happened to him is marvelous godly
changed it was cool but then it turned
to fearing the wrath of God he was
grateful and he was graceful
and have the poo and reading the ancient
books we cannot but marvel how much he
changed why did it happen what was the
reason behind that change because not
only his views change but also his very
soul changed a lot the historians say
that there was one time when one of the
soldiers refused to give his sign to be
sacrificed for the pagan gods people
refused to follow the pagan ways
furthering the ways of Christ saver and
that had a huge impact on vladimer King
Vladimir he started to think that that
faith may be very strong one he realized
eventually that Diegan ways could not
explain many were many of the things
which were happening and many of the
things which were true and true today
listening to many preachers from other
countries he decided to choose the
eastern tradition of Christianity from
Byzantium
historians look for political
explanations which compelled him to
choose it well he cannot but to take
into account the political aspect but
also he consciously chose Christ he
wanted the truly wanted to leave
according to the book to the gospel he
fully recognized and acknowledged the
Christian ideals truly so the person
should have been striving to have
changes and but before when he changes
happened
there should be a reconstruction of the
mind and the person itself and the God
had his mercy and that may let him
change
inside and outside to know that to make
the book and the Testament shine upon
the country which was back then and he
Latimer orders to construct a chapel on
the place where that soldier I reminded
you of was killed to make everyone
remember I would all start at them after
the crystallization of truce first
schools started to be open across the
country and that was the way to teach
people the true God and the water of
their poor people were baptized and that
was the rise of Eastern Slavonic
people's it was a new page in their
history and as it was said today and the
message of sad the religious choice was
the choice which determined the way of
life the culture and everything else for
the people but determined the values
that these values of Christianity shaped
and formed the identity and the
characteristics personal and general of
our peoples such as readiness to share
the pain and share the joy and many
other traits they are ours we all share
these characteristics and trades but it
was not only about religion that also
was about the secular development of the
countries and people's and again here we
see the contribution of Vladimir King
because there were not only the
wonderful icons religious artifacts
chapels can cathedrals but also
literature goggle
and many other followed these true
towers of man's such as Tchaikovsky and
others without these contributions to
the culture and history of ours we
cannot imagine ourselves today we can
remember many saints and many clergymen
and many many others who contributed to
shaping our world today we remember
their names today we all Moscow give
means celebrate the anniversary of the
crystallization of our people so we pray
for peace and tranquility in our
countries we forget about the discord
and disagreements we pray together to
reinforce our ties and people-to-people
relations the ties which we all share
they have nothing to do with national
identity cultural peculiarities or
changing borders of the countries or
anything else we know that before and
today some disagree because some want to
see the world clear-cut and orderly but
only in the ground which is naturally
developing flowers can blossom as better
I've said true freedom is when everyone
every planting flower grows according to
its own will and aspirations we follow
Lattimer Central Admin and we agree with
him but we need to live in a code loving
each other and respecting each other
that life is difficult but this life
what we want it's difficult to avoid
evil to resist temptations never follow
your passions and pardon people but that
is exactly what we should do because
these is what they've been told by God
we follow sacred ways of our saints
anybody even today say the contribution
and the importance from what they did
and let send let him I pray to God so
that God would send to his people
well-being so that we have the strength
to follow God Christ his Savior today
only this anniversary we celebrate we
remember of course Saint Letterman what
he did but at the same time we remember
about our President Vladimir Putin bears
the same name perhaps this is not a
coincidence
especially when it comes to people those
actions truly shaped the world changed
the world and on behalf of the Russian
Orthodox Church I would like to
congratulate to you because today is the
day of the name of Latimer does why I
congratulate you and wish you all the
best I wish you strength to continue
doing what you do and so that you would
find salvation and prayers in people
around you and in seeing the fruits
which are ripe on the trees of what you
have been cultivating thank you very
much holiness guests and participants of
these events dedicated to the 1,030 of
the nursery of the crystallization of
rose this date this event is a milestone
for all our peoples it was a new page in
our history
hazard civilizational dimension to the
slow its shape
but determined the sanctuaries hundreds
of years of our development it had
influence on the world's history too we
traditionally celebrated as a great
holiday and very important day we
remember our ancestors who were wise
enough to choose the right way they
opened the door into the new era the era
we are living in today mr. ization of
ruse cannot be imagined without saintly
Nima the King Bruce Backlund he was the
one who opened the door he saw that
Christianity was the pillar for the good
to prevail over evil and he saw that as
a way to seek true happiness and
well-being of the people who lived in
the ancient roots it came through many
battles he was a warrior but he turned
to being a creator one who gave people
all he had he was constructing libraries
churches and schools that
crystallization of ruse was the first
brick in the creation of the statehood
of our country it shaped the identity of
our people our mindset our culture
started to blossom only after that day
our relations other countries started to
develop in different ways that was a
difficult way to come through but he did
it
Christianity turned towards people to
the souls unconscious of people to mercy
to good to love other notions became
part of our nature the people of roots
were open to these things says Goodman
have said Christianization gave our
ancestors the true
freedom of the ultimate freedom freedom
to choose between the good and the evil
and Christianity gave us many languages
of history together with God we achieved
many heights in culture politics science
economics many other spheres of our
lives we've been standing unites many
times and many times that unity saved us
throughout the times even in most
difficult moments of our history and
that we cannot forget our responsibility
and duty is to preserve what we have for
the generations to come the Society of
today K is about reinforcing the pillars
of our identity we should of course
acknowledge the role of charity
organization and all people who
contribute to the well-being of our
country as well as we should thank
Russian Orthodox Church have never
ceased to serve God and people of Russia
we are thankful to you we're thankful
for your prayers praise for Russia for
our people both inside Russia and abroad
about our neighbors our brothers and
sisters for the sake of peace love and
kindness your holiness brothers and
sisters I congratulate all of you on
this wonderful day when we celebrate
1000 30th anniversary of Critias ation
of rose by st. Vladimir I wish you well
being and success and thank you very
much
