protocol image Dixon's there was a
declaration signed by all of the member
states we would not like we wanted to
allow a war raise a military race in
space we talked about Syria fighting
against terrorism we talked about
information technologies creation a
platform for energy science and women's
entrepreneurial alliance now there was
another initiative which was actively
supported by all the participants of the
meeting today is the cooperation of
Briggs in terms of sports culture and
cinema we we even have a even planning
to hold a cinema festival of bricks
during the summit we sent a signal
showing that we want to maintain the WTO
we have signed a number of
intergovernmental memorandums
to preserve the ecology we agreed to
create a new Development Bank in Brazil
we have also hate and outreach session
on the outreach countries the issues
were enhancing the positions of risks in
the world improving our cooperation in
Africa BRICS received support from a
number of international organizations
the summit takes place during the 100
year anniversary of Nance Nelson Mandela
who preserved the principles
of bricks the same as bricks I've had
meetings with the presidents of Zambia
South Africa of China Prime Minister of
India I've also had contact with a
number of other leaders in Babu Otago
and a number of other members of the
outreach group this perhaps is the other
general results of the meeting and the
main topics that we've discussed so if
you have any questions you can ask them
enter fox news agency mr. Putin you have
noted that at first bricks were the more
of an economic platform at but it later
other issues were added to it what is
the future of this organization what
other tracks can be added to it first
you said it was break then South Africa
joined at this summit today we I know
you discussed the issue of BRICS
expansion what's your opinion on the
possibility of the expansion of breaks
through adding some other states and
another question earlier it was said
that during the BRICS summit you were
planning to discuss the Syrian
settlement to discuss with your bricks
colleagues the issue of providing aid
and what was the reaction to your
proposal well the advantage of BRICS is
that there's much less red tape here
than in other organizations similar
organizations as the president of Brazil
has noted earlier this is an association
that came to be naturally and it has a
lot in common the countries making it up
have a lot in common they have similar
approaches to resolving the issues
that humanity faces and as that these
countries face
indeed we we don't have any formal
leader inside this association all the
issues are resolved on the basis of
consensus and each of the parties
interests are taken into account and
this is a great advantage of this
association we talked today the result
of a lot of countries are very
interested in our activities in the
BRICS activities we have the outreach
format the BRICS plans format and we are
going to use these formats to expand the
zone of our influence to attract other
states states that share our principles
and values on the basis of which our
organization is built upon expanding the
number of number of weeks is not on the
agenda right now because the format's
that we have today are effective as they
are as for the topics we discuss the
issues we are going to resolve these are
all issues that most countries face and
most economists in the world face we
have no limitations in terms of these
issues I'm talking about the economy the
security I have just outlined the issues
we've worked on the topics we've made
decisions on for example non placement
of weapons in space is a very important
issue we don't want to see an arms race
in space for example or fighting
terrorism isn't it an important issue
that all countries in the world face of
course we talked about Syria
and my colleagues were positive in their
assessment of the possibility of
participation in the operations to help
the Syrian people so and what about the
fourth Industrial Revolution this is
something that faces both Russia and the
leading economies of the world and of
course our colleagues actively supported
the idea of expanding our participation
in terms of humanitarian issues sports
culture cinema this is these are things
that bring us together create a natural
basis for human communication prime
minister of india said that it was a
very good idea because it makes it
possible to all denies for example
sporting events sports events in such a
way that they would resemble small-scale
Olympic Games or some sports festivals
which would see national kinds of sports
not well known around the world but
would be of interest to the peoples of
our countries this is a very natural
basis of our cooperation that brings
millions of people together not just
millions but hundreds of millions
billions of people what I mean is the
BRICS countries account for a more than
half of the population of the world and
I've answered the second question
already lowered dependency on US dollar
and lately Russia Finland are selling
out US obligations decreasing the share
up to well almost zero is that the end
of it all
this is a new kind of us check a stock
policy of Russia or you're just trying
to protect yourself from any more
sanctions so if you refuse to use
dollars maybe you'll use some other
currency maybe BRICS currency like yuan
for instance if we do know the drogyn
settle back is increasing its share of
you ones right let me first answer the
first part of your question Russia does
not want to drop the dollar dollar is
dollars a universal currency euros could
also be considered a currency like that
but not fully so we understand and we
realize how important the dollar is
today as for reserve currencies we now
see an emergence of regional currencies
for example the Russian ruble is also
one of such currencies inside the ei EU
any national currency is as good as the
economy that backs it and so out of
these fundamental ideas it is out of
them that we should proceed we need to
minimize the risks we can see what's
happening because of the sanctions
because of those limitations we face we
realize the risks we try to minimize
them as for reserve currency it's not
just us we're talking about this issue
if you think that this is Russia's
initiative you're mistaking a lot of
countries in the world are now talking
about exactly that about the need to
expand and the capacity of the world
economy of creating new currencies which
would make global finance more stable
more resilient this is
as for our American partners and their
limitations that they're imposing the
dollar I think this is a strategic
mistake on the part of our partners
because they are undermining trust
Awards their currency just several years
ago nobody would think that these
currencies could be used in terms for
political purposes everybody thought
that politics was outside of all that
and so in the area of economy there are
some stable perennial things but it
turns out that it's not true and so
currencies are used in political
struggles currencies are used payments
systems are used in that for that
purposes and this damages the dollar
undermines the dollar as the global
currency if it weren't for that we
wouldn't see tens
it doesn't country is thinking of
finding other ways and other currencies
as for the UN it is now becoming
stronger
if it becomes convertible this process
will become even faster even today the
UN is internationally recognized and I
will say once again the currency is as
strong as the economy that back said
I'll let us say once again we're not
going to make anything rash we are still
going to continue using the dollar as
long as the US financial institutions do
not prevent us from using it
second question it also has to do with
the United States after your visit to
Helsinki States arrested you an
invitation to hold one more meeting in
Washington closer to the end of the year
and today as far as I understand the
United States to postpone it to the next
year that's what they want to do so when
do you expect it to take place will you
accept that invitation and since you
know multi-directional multilateral
actions lead you to an assumption that
Trump will hold on to his promises you
know mr. Trump always attempt to
actually he never goes back on his word
you know this is this a part of his
presidency of his character as a
president after a leader becomes
president they often forget about what
they said of what they claimed they
would do to the population Trump could
be criticized for a number of things but
one thing is certain he tries to
maintain his obligations his electoral
obligations as for our meetings I
believe that they are very beneficial
they are very useful in Helsinki we
spoke about things that both of our
countries are interested in in 2021 for
example the New START treaty is coming
to an end are we going to prolong this
treaty of course we want to do that all
the world is interested in that and if
we don't start negotiations about that
today by 2021 the new start will just
will just stop
its operation it will no longer be
active there are other issues for
example conflict resolutions yes we have
contacts on other grounds on
other areas but we need to cooperate in
order to on issues such as Iran Syria
Turkey with regards to other countries
of the region Lebanon Egypt etc we need
to talk about these issues on the
highest political level I think that
these are not second rate problems
second rate issues that are important
for example the Iranian nuclear program
is it something that concerns only Iran
or the u.s. of course not it concerns
many countries of the world including
Europe I think that the Iranian nuclear
deal is is a very good and useful
instrument of non-proliferation but this
is an issue that needs to be negotiated
but we need to have negotiations in
order to negotiate you cannot discuss
all things on the telephone as for the
meeting I understand what mr. Trump said
he is interested in holding this meeting
and I'm ready to participate in such a
meeting as well but we need to have the
environment for that and we need to
prepare for that we are ready we are
prepared for such a meeting we are ready
to invite mr. Trump to Moscow as well I
invited him actually and I'm ready to
come to Washington as well but as long
as we have the environment to work
together we are going to have contacts
in the nearest future on international
platforms such as the g20 for example
yeah we also have plans to contact and
to talk on on the sidelines of other
international forums despite all the
political difficulties in US domestic
policy life life goes on
so let's go on there honey any more
questions just a newspaper I'll continue
thinking about the United States as far
as we know during a meeting with some
huge ested holding a referendum in
Donbass and Lugansk what must Stram's
reaction to what initiative we know that
Kiev is all against it in your opinion
can that referendum behold let's say
part of the karush me to rush in other
countries I would refrain from
commenting on this issue because it's
very sensitive event it requires
additional work ok let's let's hear the
final question can you clarify and
specify a bit said that you would
restrain leaders would restrain from
expanding the BRICS Union I don't really
understand is that the decision of the
leaders themselves all that is just an
idea just to hold back for a moment and
this is a decision of the countries who
would like to be members of bricks have
been saying about that for years so
whose initiative is that now these
candidate countries want to work as part
of brigs they are very willing to do so
but at the meeting today all of my
colleagues we're very careful in
discussing this issue because of course
we want to cooperate with other
countries and of course it is possible
that BRICS will be expanded but we
believe that this is an issue that needs
to be further developed in further
detail it doesn't mean that the BRICS is
a closed organization that no one can
join it of course not but this is an
issue that requires time and effort but
of course the organization is open for
other countries that is all thank you
