the British Home Secretary has
commissioned a study into the profiles
of child abusers particularly those
belonging to grooming gangs among the
characteristics to be studied is the
country of origin of the perpetrator
selects get more details now from our
correspondent in London Dan Hawkins he
joins us good afternoon G Dan just go
through them what actually prompted this
study what's behind it well it's
certainly a topic that's attracted huge
emotion controversy and debate in the UK
over the last few years multiple child
grooming scandals across the country
from Rotherham and Rochdale to Bristol
and Halifax it seemed like every year or
a couple of years there was a new case
of outrage in the media and public
discourse there have been previous
investigations it has to be said on a
local level local authorities the home
office indeed launched an investigation
there into failings as to why these
children were failed by police by social
services this is the first time though
many would argue a government in office
a Home Secretary in office has ordered
an investigation that focuses on the
importance of Thoroughly investigating
all characteristics all aspects of the
victims and the perpetrators evolved
including racial background and
ethnicity my officials have been working
with investigating offices in relevant
cases to establish the particular
characteristics and contexts associated
with this type of offending we are
looking at what this data set can tell
us about characteristics of offenders
victims and the wider context of abuse
all of which have a critical bearing on
the effective targeting of prevention
activity now debates had raged back and
forth for years about the paradigm let's
call it that way of these discussions
many politicians pundits activists
perhaps on the right wing of the
political spectrum very critical of
perceived inaction by police by local
authorities by social services etc
failings to tackle these issues for fear
of being perceived as racist political
correctness as they call it for fear of
rocking the boat or stoking tensions
some of them have also been in the
mainstream of politics though
I think there was a culture of not
wanting to rock the multicultural
community boat if I may put it like that
now many times police for example or
forcement agencies have felt their hands
had also been tired one leaked police
report described a fear a reluctant so
to speak to take any sort of far going
far-reaching action because of those
very fears of stoking community tensions
of encouraging some sort of racial
backlash
more recently Labour MP Sarah champion
in her article in the Sun also faced a
backlash indeed having to have a police
protection increased security measures
because of those views she expressed now
it seems this debate or this
investigation has gone mainstream
especially given of course that Sajid
Javid himself has roots in Pakistan has
Pakistani heritage it remains to be seen
what reaction what response this will
get from both the public and pundits and
analysts on both sides of the political
spectrum
okay thanks Dan the party's at Dan
Hawkins there for us in the UK
