the president told you what he and
President Putin discuss in their
two-hour closed-door meeting in Helsinki
did you did he tell you or should we be
doing as you put it everything we can to
push back on likely election
interference by Russia where did the
president say they were going to change
our force structure in Syria good what
took place you speak to the translator
you seen any of her notes did the
president discuss relaxed relaxing US
sanctions on Russia I don't appreciate
you characterizing my questions my
Pompeo faced some tough questioning in
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
he was essentially forced into revealing
a secret deal made between Trump and
Putin just last week in Helsinki but in
general Pompeo held his ground
occasionally snapping back once or twice
to assure everyone that Trump did not
show any weakness our approach has been
the same to steadily raise the cost of
aggression with aggression until
Vladimir Putin chooses a less
confrontational foreign policy otherwise
the administration will continue
imposing tough actions against Russia in
response to its malign activities and I
personally made clear to the Russians
that will be severe consequences for
interference in our democratic processes
and Helsinki we sought to explore
whether Russia was interesting and
reproving our relationship but made
clear that the ball is in Russia's court
pompeya also reiterated that Trump does
agree with the intelligence community
that Russia did hack at the 2016
election but his sentiments last week
were a bit different I have President
Putin he just said it's not Russia I
will say this I don't see any reason why
it would be there was no collusion at
all it was a clean campaign I beat
Hillary Clinton easily the summit led to
total hysteria in the u.s. the media
called Trump a traitor a Kremlin stooge
Putin's puppet and some even accused him
of treason instead of standing up for
our democracy and democratic principles
president Trump coward in the presence
of Putin it was a wholesale betrayal of
the values and interests of this country
isn't it sided with the enemy
with the perpetrator of the election
interference a treacherous act is unable
to confront Russia after Helsinki Trump
invited Putin to DC for another summit
however another wave of hysteria and
soot but just an hour before Pompeo
scheduled testimony john bolton Trump's
national security adviser announced that
the summit would be postponed john
bolton explained the decision citing the
current political climate as the main
reason saying that the meeting should
take place after the quote russia witch
hunt is over so this decision appears to
be a move to calm down his domestic
critics it's clear that the pressure has
worked I mean all this these claims
about treason and being traitorous
worked to pressure him to back off
normalizing relations with Russia I
believe this is being done in the
interest of continuing the u.s. on a
permanent war footing on wasting
trillions of dollars on Wars and
military equipment that we don't need
and Russia's an excuse for that
you
