casting agency offered money to extras
to take part in a fake antique guitar
protest the event was scheduled to
coincide with the meeting between the
Qatari Emir and the British prime
minister on Tuesday with the details
artis Daniel Hawkins
well protests against the visiting heads
of states are nothing new in the UK of
course just look at the recent trip by
Donald Trump for example fake protests
paid demonstrators and mysterious PR
firms though are something very
different and that's what's really
attracted some attention and indignation
here in the UK over the last couple of
days how did it begin cos the agency X
people sent an email to their members
offering them a job simple enough turn
up to Downing Street take part in a fake
protest don't say or do anything just
fill up space as the email said 20
pounds and you'll be done by 1230 that
was the email sent out between three and
five hundred people were needed to make
this protest against the visit of Qatari
Emir Tamim bin Hamad al-thani outside
Downing Street as the media attention
began to grow and social media
speculation was rife the casting agency
took back this job offer saying it had
been a mistake it had reconsidered and
it would not be involved in such an
event they said who was behind this was
a client called Neptune PR which had
requested 500 people to turn up and act
as protesters now enter Neptune PR at
least somebody pertaining to be them
they tweeted saying that they had denied
making any such requests to extras
people or ever having even contacted
them now this was very odd given that
the Twitter profile of this alleged PR
company Neptune PR was very new as was
the company itself the tweet as you can
see there was life with the grammatical
errors and indeed the website of this PR
company was suspiciously empty extras
then publicly replied they showed
allegedly a screenshot of an email
conversation with this PR firm netsim PR
which gave them the billing address for
these services stating that the rest of
the conversation was with their lawyers
now this really gave more questions than
ours of course this all comes against
the backdrop of tension between Qatar
scoff state neighbors Egypt Saudi Arabia
the UAE and Bahrain they've imposed a
land air and sea blockade on the Gulf
state citing funding for terrorism
coming from Qatar Qatar accuses its
neighbors of bullying tactics and
sparking tension now speculation will no
doubt grow that this has something to do
with that visit and with those
diplomatic tensions although given how
little information is available about
this mysterious PR firm and just how
this whole event turned around something
quite unusual of course for the UK will
no doubt keep people guessing as more
information comes to light yeah just a
note on this RT has contacted Neptune PR
the firm in question asking for comment
on the situation we will let you know
when we receive a response from them
you
