hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
can you think of a more intriguing
storyline one that includes an
attractive Russian woman money guns
politics power and yes spying
unfortunately for Maria Rutina this is
not a storyline but her life at the
moment is she the most recent victim of
the West's phobia towards all things
related to Russia
crosstalking Maria boo Tina I'm joined
by my guest named a govern in Washington
he's a former CIA analyst and co-founder
of veterans intelligence professionals
for sanity also in Washington we have
Joe Lauria he is the editor in chief of
consortium news.com and author of how I
lost by Hillary Clinton with foreword by
Julian Assange and in London we have
Alexander Matthias he is a writer on
legal affairs as well as editor-in-chief
of the dur√°n dot-com all right gentleman
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it ray let me go to
you first in the swamp in Washington DC
howdy
what do you make of this story here
because it is the timing is very
interesting she's being charged for not
being a registering under the Farah law
which I find quite interesting is that
about half of Washington DC does some
kind of influence peddling for foreign
countries in they're not registered as a
foreign agent is she just being picked
out because she's Russian go ahead ray
well Peter first full disclosure I want
you to hear this from me rather than
from the FBI
I may be called a co-conspirator very
quickly because I have met Maria oh my
god oh wow yeah there may even be a
picture of me alongside her everything I
thought you were glowing I thought you
were glowing okay go ahead keep going it
was at a meeting meeting of the
Accession an evening lecture of the
committee for the Republic a very non
nonpartisan actually mostly conservative
group and I met her with about a hundred
other people and there were a lot of
people who had dinner the other evening
so that's number one number two I
attended the hearing last Wednesday when
she came in in her orange suit there and
was denied bail on the pretense that she
was too dangerous a person that the FBI
did not have it in their capability to
prevent her from getting into a Russian
embassy car and being spirited out of
Dulles Airport to Russia number three
and last I have been
watching analyzing reporting on Russia
for fifty-five years I was chief of the
Soviet foreign policy branch at CIA
I am unabashedly in favor of a better
relationship between the United States
and Russia
I am also completely appalled at the
Russia Gate drivel that is coming out
from all ends now including from Amy
Goodman just this morning on Democracy
Now who had what's his name Greg Gordon
Gordon reporting on how the NRA funneled
money it you know the conspiracy is
right there and I have to tell you I
talked to Greg Gordon just two or three
months ago personally and he he's
completely drunk all the kool-aid about
Russia gate it's really ridiculous when
Amy Goodman and Rachel Maddow cannot be
distinguished one from the other amazing
Joe let me go to you she's denied bail
because she's a dangerous flight risk
here okay I mean looking at her
biography and look at her Instagram very
provocative pictures folks okay food and
her love of guns okay and her love of
America which is very very clear I mean
is this you know we don't have a lot of
evidence I read part of the indictment
here this seems like it's a nice
ingredient to the Russia Russia Russia
mantra go ahead Joe yeah I think it's
more than that Peter I've read the
criminal complaint and the FBI agents
affidavit in the case and I think it's
pretty clear that they're setting this
up to be the so-called
evidence for collusion as you everyone
knows the Mueller and last Miller
indictment of the alleged 12 Russian GRU
agents did not have anything to do with
anyone on the Trump team this crime that
she's being accused of is trying to
build better US Russia and relations
with in formal dialogue dinners maybe
that was one of the ones away was that
they are setting up she'd met with purse
America us person one a u.s. person to I
predict I suspect that this of one and
two will be somehow linked to
the Trump campaign because she met with
a political party one
the complaint says and that was a party
that used to be hostile to Russia in the
past you'd have to think that's the
Republicans so this is all being set up
and all she may have violated as you
pointed out Peter at the beginning is
not registering as a foreign agent as a
lobbyist now was she working for the
Russian government apparently she was
were working and had worked in the
office of the deputy central bank
governor of Russia and he/she continued
to be in touch with him and may have
been an interpreter at some of the
meetings that he had when he came to the
to the US that she's in that she is
being accused of illegal activities but
in that illegal activity according to
the FBI was trying to have better
relations between the US and Russia
that's what this has come to yes
Alexander I mean it's already been
mentioned here we have the the GOP and
we have the NRA and and if that's just
one little you know Smith's inch away
from Donald Trump is this the gambit
that's in play here a 29 year old
Russian woman a successful entrepreneur
likes guns wants to bring the Second
Amendment to Russia and she's a
conservative in America
she's the linchpin huh go ahead
Alexander III think that is exactly what
it's all about if you look at the last
indictment that Robert mother published
which has been discussed by the way by
Ray McGovern on consortium use the thing
that stood out for me about it is that
there is actually no collusion
allegation involved in it in relation to
the hack of the Democratic Party
National Committee's computers so what
they're now trying to do and I think Joe
is absolutely right is they're trying to
find some evidence of collusion in some
other way and what they've done is they
found a young Russian woman who as far
as I could see was leave living her own
life I mean she had her ideas about guns
got views which I don't personally agree
with by the way but she had ideas about
guns she wanted Russia to adopt
something like American gun culture
she's very well known in Russia as a
supporter of American ideas about gun
control or the
lack of it and has campaigned in Russia
for that she's been involved in Russia
with those sort of activities she had a
life in the United States
she's now caught in the middle she is
the person around whom this whole
threadbare collusion narrative is now
going to be diverted given that the
original collusion narrative has all but
collapsed you know ray I think what I
worry about is that I don't know what
kind of legal defense that she has but
she's gonna be under an enormous amount
of pressure here she faces a 10-year
prison sentence I worried that under
pressure she might sing and then start
composing you get my drift go ahead
right well that's the name of the game
here of course you rep somebody up and
then you say you know we could put you
away for ten years but you know if you
could just remember about this Russian
collusion if you just remember this
that's manna fort that's all manner of
people that the FBI has wrapped up I
have to say here I feel really strongly
about this because the FBI lies a lot
the FBI falsify his documents and I have
to I can cite simply my good friend Tom
Drake now he was being mean they wanted
to put him away for 26 years right and
they they took the document that had
been unclassified and they put a secret
stamp on it
okay and that was part of the evidence
they used with this court in the state
of Maryland now thank God James Bamford
had the original unclassified so he took
it to the judge he said look this is
what you're dealing with here and the
Department of Justice and the FBI and
the judge threw it out and he said to
those Justice Department of Justice
lawyers is look don't ever darken my
doorstep again I don't want to see you
ever in court you perjured yourself get
out of here case dismissed so that's the
kind of thing that the FBI and the
Department of as bill Binney says just
us what the kind of behavior they
exhibit I want to add one more thing and
that I'll be very brief I have to defend
myself not only against the FBI but
against my liberal friends who think
that I'm defending Donal
Trump I think Donald Trump is the worst
person in the United States ever had
okay the only thing I agree with him and
I would point out that a broken clock is
correct twice a day is that there's no
reason in God's world why we can't have
a better relationship with Russia and I
stand by that judgment okay well Joe is
this what it's really all about is this
really what it's all about you know
right before the Helsinki a summit we
have the indictment come out after
Helsinki and then everybody's got their
hair on fire even people at FoxNews and
then we have this young woman caught in
the middle of it I mean is this is this
is this all choreographed in your mind
go hedge but I want to be very clear we
need more evidence I'm asking people to
speculate with reason go ahead Joe yeah
I do think it's corrugator obviously
choreographed especially the timing of
the indictment he was meeting with the
Queen in Windsor Castle the exact moment
that Rosen steamed the Deputy Attorney
General made the announcement of these
indictments and it was a couple of days
before the World Cup final and of course
the the the summit in Helsinki we also
you could throw into that Julian Assange
was about to be turned over to British
authorities he's linked of course to
this case because WikiLeaks is named as
organization one in the indictments is
having received the the purloined
documents when you look at this FB i--'s
and affidavit about marina Bettina you
you see that it starts with a long
political statement highly politicized
statement full of the typical
russophobia saying that Russia is trying
to destroy our democratic institutions
this is an influence operation and she's
part of this it's a low-cost low-risk
operation of Russia to influence the
United States the the Machine of
corporate media this woman is
influencing the United States this is
the kind of thing we've seen another
thing that needs to be said about her is
that I have heard and that she's
actually Navalny supported the
opposition leader with such small
numbers in Russia and she says in her in
the criminal in sorry in the affidavit
that butene ax was talking to Americans
about post Putin Russia and future
Russian government's she was told to
talk about that without undermining the
current president of Russia
so that would fit into someone who
doesn't really like Putin very much and
was not working on his behalf okay it
gets more and more complicated after a
short break we'll continue our
discussion on Maria boo Tina stay with
arty welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered to remind you
we're talking about the latest victim of
Russia gate
let's go back to Alexander in London you
know Alex I watch Peter strux testimony
and I'm reminded by witness heard from
Ray okay I'll give you my opinion I
think an informed opinion because I've
had to deal with this ridiculous story
for two years like the public here he
was clearly lying and was very very
deceptive okay now his ex-girlfriend it
looks like she's thrown him under the
bus couldn't happen to a nicer guy you
know but it's really about the culture
of law enforcement at the highest levels
in the United States now I don't know
enough a lot about this Maria a girl I
learned a lot about her in the last few
days here but she's certainly not a big
fish if I can use that term and it like
I said I really worry you know once you
pressure someone like that you they tend
to sing and then they'll they'll compose
for you here I mean this story is not
only a tragic story about destroying
still another person's life but it
really is about how law enforcement
works and it seems to be quite
politicized and quite weaponized as well
go ahead Alexander well I'm glad you
brought up Peter struck because of
course what we're now hearing and of
course these are a reports but they seem
to be valid reports is that there was an
attack exchange between struck and Lisa
page in which he said that there was no
there there and it seems that Lisa page
has confirmed that there there is
collusion and that text was sent three
days after Robert mother was appointed
special counsel to investigate collusion
and these are the two people struck who
was at the very heart of the collusion
investigation so that seems to me to
point very strongly towards a
politicized investigation which is what
Donald Trump and others have been saying
it is and I don't really have any doubt
about that now if we go back to Marina
Marie abou Tina well I think we've
already talked about how the
fact that the collusion allegation has
collapsed in connection with the central
hacking allegation and it seems that any
Russian now who is any contact with
people of any importance in the United
States is now at risk of being dragged
into this thing and if I can just go
back to two things that were said before
one I think by yourself about pressure
being put on people to talk and say
things a judge I think his name was
judge Ellis actually said that he said
directly to the FBI and the Justice
Department in the manifold case you're
really interested in manifold you're
trying to pressure man of thought so you
can get it Trump and he didn't really
deny so that is exactly that the agenda
that's been followed here it was
followed with Michael Flynn also Donald
Trump's former national security adviser
and it seems to me there's a real risk
that that might happen and of course in
terms of boo Tina and the allegations
against her the idea that the Nash the
the NRA one of the most patriotic
organizations in America could be swung
round and brought under the influence of
the Kremlin by one twenty nine year old
Russian woman is so far-fetched no no no
I'll tell you what it biasted really no
but up there what's pathetic here I'll
kind of you know you got a sleight of
hand here no it's not outrageous because
remember liberals used to be very
distrustful of the national security
state they're not anymore let me go to
Ray you know Ray the contrast in the
last few news cycles you have clapper
Brennan and and Comey okay you know
heralding the the virtues of the secure
nature security state and then we have
this young twenty nine attractive woman
that really just wanted to have better
relations and she liked guns and she was
a conservative and thought she'd get it
you could do better for her cause in the
United States we look at these three
people on the top that we're running the
national security state at one point in
time if this is to face
and I think it's very duplicitous people
are not to be trusted and people like
that are prosecuting this young woman
go ahead ray well Peter the proof is in
the pudding
people like Comey and John Brennan are
running scared yep
yeah II know yep that the House
Intelligence Committee
that's serious about this investigation
has the goods on them yep they can go to
jail
yep the matter of fact Devon unas the
head of the Intelligence Committee in
the house has said precisely that if
they're guilty they're gonna be put on
trial this is a new phenomena that's a
new deal here in the United States now
getting back to you know the fable the
drivel about Russia gate it was very
very clear on Amy Goodman this morning
less than two hours ago live okay she
ended up after giving Greg Gordon of
McClatchy 20 minutes she ended up saying
now I have to point out that that this
is all speculation right well the
speculation was this was this as follows
okay
Robert Muller has no Russians as
Alexander pointed out there's no
Russians that we've been able to get and
we and I did a whole bunch yeah we can
indict a ham sandwich were weak but both
here's a Russian Oh Maria boo Tina
we got her now and she's the only game
in town okay and we're gonna make sure
that this works because if we have a
Russian the word was used we have the
holy grail a person that we can set up
and say aha
see she was working in this intricate
scheme through the NRA and everything
else to make sure that Trump beat
Hillary Clinton I have to tell you I've
never seen it silly or seasoned as I
have seen it now in Washington yeah but
you know let me get a Joe here but I
mean ray is absolutely right but I mean
if you watch CNN and MSNBC they don't
listen to anything about facts and
decisions in demand within some of the
congressional committees some of the
documents that I've had to claw out of
the Justice Department it even they'll
even say they'll say this is good news
for Muller or they just don't talk about
it it's really
amazing to me this is this is it really
is a slow-motion coup that's going on
here and now they have a redhead Russian
woman 29 years old
case closed done they've done their job
that's good to be the message I'm afraid
go ahead joke yeah it's not only the
silly season it's a dangerous season
because you've got the corporate media
who's lets in one example takes an
indictment which is only an accusation
and is not evidence it doesn't have to
contain evidence it's not in itself
evidence as absolutely established fact
they are going on that and they've
convinced a huge part of the American
population of this and I think this is
what muralism what Robert Mueller's
mission is is to create Russian guilt in
the public consciousness and once it's
settled in by the aid of a fevered media
campaign his mission is accomplished
they're guilty and we've reached that
point now no matter what happens the
facts any kind of analysis of detail is
irrelevant and Maria Bettina if she's
going to be railroaded as the as the
linchpin as you called her of collusion
and that's what's going to happen I
think we're moving towards the
resolution of this entire two plus year
so-called scandal of Russia gay and it's
either going to be the House
Intelligence Committee and the
Republicans who who can bring down some
people inside the FBI even ruling
himself as being politically motivated
or they're going to win the other side
really will win and we're gonna see her
in jail Betina that is as the colluding
person and then that would be the basis
for the impeachment of Donald Trump
because that's what this has all been
about uum praedyth's truck you talked
about in his text was deciding with his
lover police a page whether to try to
stay on and become an assistant district
attorney or to a join the list team and
he wanted to join the list team what she
did because it could lead to the
impeachment of Donald Trump you know
Alexander the these people the Breton's
and the clappers and the co means they
get their get it they're gonna I think
they're gonna skate through this here
because they have the the whole national
security state defending them protecting
them and they have the liberal media
giving them cover every step of the way
and then
one that disagrees with them is just
Putin's puppet I mean that message it's
working it's not working for smart
people but the their political agenda
this is what but on the other on the
other side this is the elites arguing
among themselves a recent Gallup poll
most Americans could care less about any
of this
it didn't even reach to the point of
meaningfulness okay it was it was way
down on the bottom here this is a war at
on the top this is what it's all about
it's not about what the American people
think it's about the power that people
want to maintain and get back go ahead
Alexander well I think that's all true
but I think the thing we've always got
to remember is that of course
impeachment is something which is
carried out by Congress which is by
definition the elite so if the elite
decides to go down this road they have
the power to do it because that is that
is what the power that the Constitution
gives them so certainly it's true that
the wider population at least the
Republican part of voting part of the
population may not be very engaging it
but the elite itself is obsessed with it
but of course that points to another
danger which is that you have in the
United States and I think this is
becoming increasingly clear a
disassociation between what people think
and our thinking within the beltway
within the elite generally and the
concerns that ordinary Americans have
and here I'm going to say something
about not just right-wing America's I
mean left-wing Americans to Joe's
perhaps better able to talk about that
than I can Ray also the point is that I
think what Americans right and left-wing
Americans are concerned about our jobs a
housing our student debt
are those sort of issues and I think if
this continues for very much longer more
and more people are going to start
saying to themselves the elite in the
United States is not working for us and
at that point they we could easily see
the whole Trump situation
reviving you someone else young Maria
hear that it's the system isn't gonna
work for her either here ray I'm gonna
give you the last 30 seconds of the
program go ahead ray well I agree with
Alexander and I would caution that even
the smart people are taken in by the 85%
of the media that keep drumming drumming
Russia gate and that's really bad a last
word here as a former intelligence
officer I would ask anyone to take a
look at the trade craft the trade craft
exhibited by mighty latina
there is no trade craft she's a Russian
agent my god then why does she put
everything right out there where
everybody everybody and his brother and
sister funny story she communicated with
her handler via email Wow wasn't that
devious that's all the time we have
gentlemen many thanks to my guest you
said she might be funded by the thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
prostitutes
you
