he refuses to chant our national anthem
the girls everyone is President and lets
himself be photographed there's random
pictures of Muslim conquerors someone
that is not German and someone without
that should not play football for the
German national team such a photograph
has the symbolic value and it is
definitely not what is needed at the
moment it is clear when he played for
Germany you represent the country and
the German values the photo also with
her de plan was a mistake it is still a
mistake also the reason is it also gave
did not convince me at all he speaks of
respect but that raises the question of
how it is respecting for the victims of
murder plans policies respected
journalists who are in prison only
because they have done their job
visit us as you know the Chancellor
holds mr. Purcell in high esteem visit
ercel is a great footballer he has done
a lot for the national football team he
has now made a decision that must be
respected in sleep and in any case the
truth is on the pitch the fact that the
Germans were knocked out of the World
Cup as little steward mr. Orzel
having his picture taken with president
you
