Charlie Rolly is the man who along with
his partner dawn Sturgis was exposed to
Nava shock in the village of Amesbury
which is close to Salisbury back on the
30th of June and they were both very ill
they were taken to Salisbury District
Hospital which happens to be the same
hospital where sergey skripnikov agent
back in march charlie rollies partner
dawn sturgis died as a result of this
incident on the 8th of July and although
he had been in a critical state in
hospital for a number of weeks the
hospital has now announced that he is
well enough to go home and that he's
been discharged
doctors at Salisbury District Hospital
released a statement saying that
Charlie's been through an appalling
experience that most of us could never
imagine but this marks an important
milestone in his recovery and they wish
him all the best it also goes on to
thank the clinical team however vice to
local residents remains unchanged and
that is do not pick up any items such as
syringes needles cosmetics or similar
objects made of plastic metal there is
clearly still a degree of mystery about
how Charlie Rowley and his partner dawn
Sturgis became exposed to the nerve
agent in the first place a week ago the
Metropolitan Police confirmed that they
had found a small bottle that they
believed was the source of the
contamination and that appears to
correspond to interviews that Charlie
Rowe Lee's brother has given to the
media saying that when he'd visited
Charlie Rolly and hospital he had said
that he seemed to recall giving his
partner a small perfume bottle just
before they became very unwell whether
or not that bottle was the source of the
nerve agent used to attack the scrip
house or whether it was from the same
batch is still very much unclear and in
recent days there's been intense
speculation in the UK media about the
investigation into that original attack
on the scrip House leaks from the police
pro
claim that investigators have used CCTV
images to identify two Russian culprits
who allegedly fled the UK immediately
after the attack on the script house but
there hasn't been any official
statements from the police here or from
the authorities to back that up
in fact the UK's Security Minister Ben
Wallace has dismissed those leaks about
these alleged perpetrators being
identified as ill-informed and wild
speculation
you
