comments on the Holocaust the sparking
fury against the head of Facebook
that's after Mark Zuckerberg said
Holocaust deniers shouldn't be banned
from the platform Jewish and there's a
set of people who deny that the
Holocaust right not I find that deeply
offensive but at the end of the day I
don't believe that our platform should
take that down because I think that
there are things that different people
get wrong either I don't think that
they're intentionally getting wrong but
I think that they might be but it's it's
hard to yeah an intent Naaman to
understand the intent I think the
reality is also that I get things wrong
when I speak publicly mm-hmm
I'm sure you do I'm sure a lot of
leaders and public figures who we
respect do too and I just don't think
that it is the right thing to say we are
going to take someone off the platform
if they get things wrong even multiple
times anti-semitism should not be given
any platform those who deny the
Holocaust should not be defended by
anyone on the contrary worldwide
everything should be done to protect
Jewish lives there should be no place
for anti-semitism anywhere this includes
verbal and physical attacks on Jews as
well as Holocaust denial the latter two
is punishable by us and will be
consistently pursuit so far it seems
German ministers are far from the only
ones lashing out at the social media
heads with Twitter users also joining in
a Holocaust denial is not an opinion
that's according to one but rather a
grotesque racism another one pointed out
that six million Jews don't have the
right to comment some of questions who
could work suitability to be head of
such a huge company when he holds such
views now it's forced him to issue a
statement condemning Holocaust denial
calling it deeply offensive
Atsuko Berg himself has clarified that
he was not defending people who actually
hold these views the CEO added that his
aim was not to stop lies on Facebook but
rather to prevent fake news from
spreading
now the community's standards banned any
hate speech which many critics believe
should
include Holocaust denial well to discuss
is further I'm joined live by Israeli
blogger and journalist Richard millet
Richard thanks for joining us here
obviously a topic that's very hot right
now social media fake news etc whereas
the line I mean what do you make of
Zucco Berg's initial interview where he
claimed holocaust deniers shouldn't be
banned from expressing those views
publicly on social media I'm British
Jewish so obviously feel this kind of
language quite deeply when if anyone
does deny the Holocaust and I think he's
got it wrong I the fact he's Jewish is
irrelevant that doesn't provide any
support for his opinion I just don't
think he gets the situation that really
the people who deny the Holocaust
virtually I should imagine I there's no
survey I've seen on it but 99.99% must
intend hurt to Jewish people and he's
example that there are people who might
make multiple mistakes about it I I
can't believe I've ever come across
anyone who does make mistakes in the
level of knowledge that's out there
research you can just look online go to
libraries and even going to visit our
streets but to make multiple mistakes
eventually someone's going to pull you
up quite quickly and what you were
saying this idea that he's trying to
stop the spreading of faith news well
this is there's no more fake news then
Holocaust denial it's been documented
it's been researched it's been proved
and if you are going to deny the
voluminous amount of research you go to
youngest Shemin Jerusalem you go to the
concentration camps that is still
existing if you're going to deny that
six million Jews died then I would
suggest that your only motivation is to
hurt Jewish people and that is
tantamount to inciting racial hatred to
an extent now obviously in England it's
not illegal Holocaust denial in Germany
it's so they remove it from their
Facebook platforms in Germany but he
still it's still his company it's a
private company it's not obviously a
primary key quality company but he some
more intents and purposes owns most of
it and he has the capacity from the
platform to remove it and it's very rare
to him voice that suggests that he's
doing the right thing by keeping you on
his Facebook pages it can only do more
harm than good this idea that you can
discuss it and research it we can
discuss it that nice cozy chats around
the coffee about it it's just it's just
allowing an excuse for the anti-semites
to come up and say order to break down
the links you know how quickly it's rock
because I want to get as many questions
as I can in here I suppose the question
is here
once we've said we've discussed so many
times what is the line and what is
acceptable and not acceptable because as
terrible as the Holocaust was there have
been other terrible events the slave
trade weapons of mass destruction Wars
etc some people would argue I'm playing
devil's advocate here why should
Holocaust than I'll have a special place
when people could discuss for example
the slave trade you know use weapons of
mass destruction Hiroshima Nagasaki
there's multiple terrible events that
have happened where is the line here
between spreading anti-semitism
spreading a line that is clearly you
know grotesquely anti-semitic and racist
and having a historical debate in
discussion I don't understand it
saying that slavery didn't happen all
this it was it was beneficial to black
people it's banned from Facebook and
I've never even you know that as I
understand it isn't allowed on Facebook
so maybe the question should be why is
that not allowed Facebook and why is
full of course denial allowed on
Facebook yes I mean there was no
incredibly awful atrocities around the
world but I think this is the one
example of the calculated attempt to
exterminate in an entire race
incidentally which if
would have happened we probably you know
there would be no Mark Zuckerberg this
was the one example where it was
industrialized to the extent it was
planned over many many years starting
with a dehumanization of the Jewish
people in Germany so this process took
about 15 years overall or maybe twelve
years starting from the German from the
Nazi government up until the end of the
Second World War when the camps were
finally found so this is a prime example
and if you're gonna alter it down and
that allowed links to go around saying
he actually didn't happen then what
happens is you're putting doubt into
people's minds and think about future
generations thinking well you know this
really didn't happen so it might not
really happen again
so people are gonna take their eye off
the ball and the whole point of the
Holocaust education and the Holocaust
education trust is to make sure there is
no such thing that applies to any race
religion time but I just want to get one
final question and what we do have to
say goodbye he's clarified Richard
Zuckerberg has clarified obviously is
he's Rijal statement he's stated his
aims he's apologized in a way and
obviously stated he's Jewish himself as
you rightly point out has his
clarification and his statement after
gone far enough is that case closed for
you as far as you're concerned well I
don't think the statements said that he
was gonna remove Holocaust denial from
Facebook Kassie I don't he's gone that
far he's just clarified his statement to
an extent and I think that's the upset
and I fear that has been felt by Jewish
people around the world they're the ones
got Facebook coming into their homes if
you see a leak denying the Holocaust
it's quite frightening because you know
this was mass murder inflicted on the
Jewish people and if people have been
Assembly actually didn't happen there is
chances it can happen again and we
aren't gonna learn from history if it
goes round quite quickly and we don't
know who's gonna win yet so our
discussions that it did happen and there
are academics but who knows in this huge
world is interconnected world that were
going into one that we have that those
who deny the Holocaust could eventually
win out with their opinion
which is a very very funny prospect
you
