Israeli female soldiers have reportedly
been handed modesty rules that prevent
them from wearing white shirts removing
their bras or even smoking near men the
restrictions come as part of an effort
to appease religious male groups that's
according at least when Israeli women's
rights organization which says it has
received dozens of testimonies from
service women the minute you see
religious soldiers you're deterred they
once told us to put pants on over our
tights if there were a lot of religious
guys in the unit throughout my basic
training in my course they first made my
friends to have a bra under our uniforms
if we try to remove our brass we were
caught and given a warning I was
supposed to lead all the forces
exercises but slowly I realized that I
wasn't wanted there in practice I didn't
do my job but rather nonsense like guard
duty and kitchen duty it's unreasonable
a military conscription is obligatory in
Israel for all men and women over the
age of 18 women served for two years
they currently represent about 33
percent of all Israel Defense Forces
soldiers however less than 10 percent
serve in combat roles unlike men that
they have to volunteer for such
positions now the IDF has rejected the
claim that it's imposed the female dress
code it says uniform rules are the same
for both men and women with minor
exceptions well joining me now is Rina
bar towel former chair of the group
which first exposed those allegations
the Israel Women's Network thanks for
joining us really great to have you on
the program
now the there you are on the screen got
the screens mixed up now the IDF denies
imposing these rules they say the the
dress code is the same for men and women
it's a uniformed organization how would
you respond to that well first I'd like
to say that the Israel Women's Network
in the late 90s approached the High
Court with a young woman who wanted to
be a pilot and we took that case to the
High Court and ever since we have women
as palette so that's where we started it
nothing is new about that I also wanted
to just make a small correction there
are many voluntary positions that men
have to apply for as well and yes women
have to apply
them to them also in a country like you
said where army duty is mandatory it is
unheard of that women would have to
dress according to whatever code of
dress these people want us to wear
summer is here it's hot what do they
want us to put on flannel shirts I mean
it's really ridiculous what is important
to say that that more and more women do
enter combat positions more and more
women volunteer like you said for
interesting and diversified positions
like tank operators and tank commanders
we just have a group of those and the
fact that some people some men some
political parties don't like it it's
their problem we'll do everything that
we can and everything in our position to
make certain that women have equal
rights in the army as well because if
you want us to join and if it's
mandatory to join then we must have
equal opportunities and equal everything
in there as well it's not an easy task
it's important to explain that much of
this starts and end with ends with
politics because as long as the very
ultra religious and other parties in our
government have a very strong voice this
creates the issue and the problem it's
not so much the army actually it's not
so much the army commanders or the chief
of staff it's more the political parties
that from very up top try try to
interfere and I can only promise you
they will do the best not to let them
you mentioned in politics there I mean
just how much pressure is there probably
not so much from political groups but
religious groups in terms you know
Orthodox Jews these these religious
groups within within the IDF how much of
that is religion Orthodox religion
that's causing this this issue that's
what it's all about that's what it's all
about
and with the years this is nothing new
with the years it's getting worse
10-15 years ago when we started talking
about the men and women serving together
in combat positions we
read that maybe in tanks religious men
Orthodox Orthodox men and women should
not serve together in order to respect
one another it's it's certainly
appropriate if men have difficulties to
serve and women in a tank which is a
very small place together we could go
for that we could go for that separation
but see once you let that happen
then these people really think that we
can let everything happen and this will
not happen we will not let this be and
yes it has to do with the altar of the
ultra-orthodox and today even the
National Orthodox are becoming more
extreme and that certainly creates the
problem it that so it stems from it and
as the stronger they get which right now
they're in a coalition and everything
that's going that's going on just these
hours in these days has to do with those
issues and we're standing guard and we
will do everything in our power not to
not to go back but to go forward and
just running out of time we know but
just very briefly what other issues do
women in the IDF face I mean it's
obviously an alien concept to many
people where conscription isn't
mandatory in the country our women don't
7 Armed Forces is overall is it hard to
be a woman serving in the IDF it as a as
a conscript it's hard to be a woman
everywhere in this country everywhere
and anywhere in this country because we
are very much Oeste society in the one
hand we are not an ultra-orthodox
Orthodox society we are not but they
still have a lot of strength and a lot
of power so we have this glass ceiling
and this cement floor you know we trying
to get up and then we get stuck up there
somewhere
so in the Army in the year 2000 a former
member of nesset Nomi Kazan she
initiated a law that says that since we
have a mandatory law that women have to
serve then the door should open and
these women who ever want to go into the
different positions should be given
equal opportunity it is working it is
difficult
it is also difficult for some men to
cope in those situations let's let's put
let's mention that as well but the more
women go in there look in the 90s we
didn't have any female pilots today we
have a nice number they are not as
similar to the men's numbers but we're
getting there and by the way women in
those positions serve much more than two
years you should mention that the women
officers once they get into combat
positions will serve a much longer term
so yes we have difficulties yes we we
believe most of us that as long as the
army exists and the army will tell you
today and you are free to ask them then
women are necessary in the Army in
various positions we're not in the
kitchens anymore
we don't serve coffee and tea anymore we
are there to do whatever we need to do
and we are there to stay
you
