French Court has rejected a case brought
by survivors of the 2015 Bataclan terror
attacks against the state over its
handling of the tragedy the lawsuit
looked at the actions of a group of
soldiers ordered not to intervene
despite being armed and positioned right
outside the concert hall in Paris as
they're sold unfolded is our
correspondent with details
Charlotte Dubinsky these claims were
brought in front of the court just about
a month ago and they were brought on
relation to the victims and the families
of those who didn't survive the batterer
clan attacks
so what they claimed basically is that
the French state failed to assist those
in danger by not intervening in what was
happening that night at the Bataclan
because the soldiers were not only given
orders not to go in intervene they were
also given orders not to give their
weapons to the police who actually
wanted to go inside and to try and
assist those who were being injured in
essentially that slaughter that was
taking place now the court documents
that were put in also alleges that the
terrorists were able to freely move
within the European Union because of the
Schengen area and the final major claim
that was made is that the security
services actually let them slip through
their net and that's because many of the
perpetrators of this attack were
actually known to the security services
before that terrible night back in
November 2015 now the court rejected
those principles saying that the state
there was no evidence that the state
could have known that the batterer clan
in particular would be targeted in this
event now we've also heard from one of
the lawyers of the victims today who's
saying that she just doesn't accept this
ruling in November 13 attacks were not
in after ball everything was known the
degree of danger was known to state
failure to draw conclusions from
previous attacks failures linked to the
lack of surveillance and vigilance by
the security services of the French
state many of the questions that the
families wanted answered still haven't
been answered not by this case today nor
by the parliamentary inquiry which
followed those attacks they just a year
or so ago what we do know is as those
answers remain those questions remain
unanswered they will be something that
those families will continue to think
about and wonder whether in their minds
they could have been more done to save
their loved ones and help more people
survive those attacks back on November
13th 2015
you
