when Putin announced this new Arsenal it
came out of nowhere
seemed like sci-fi overkill to some but
no we now have videos of each kinjal or
dagger in Russian is a hypersonic
missile and it's fast really fast it
flies at 3 kilometers a second and if
anything tries to shoot it down it
dodges to maneuvering flying in an
unpredictable trajectory world first by
the way though the u.s. plans to test
its own analogue next year sarmat this
is the overkill part a new nuclear ICBM
that carries get this 20 nuclear
warheads the real ace though is its
range which is practically unlimited
we're past nuclear missiles had to use
the shortest flight path and fly through
air defenses this thing can literally
fly to the South Pole and back up to hit
its target from behind if for whatever
reason you don't feel like flying
through Antarctica there's a vanguard
it's designed to literally ram its way
through enemy anti-missile defenses with
speed first it's lifted into space then
its engines turn on and it enters the
atmosphere at Mach 20 that's roughly
seven kilometers a second Poseidon the
Greek god of the sea may be gone but
he's got a no less terrifying successor
the nuclear-powered torpedo that travels
so deep and so fast it's in theory
undefeatable Bora vesnik a new
nuclear-powered nuclear capable cruise
missile it's literally powered by a
nuclear reactor on board inside the
missile meaning
got indefinite range so long as the
reactor has fuel it can stay airborne
float around and around until the
opportunity to strike combat lasers have
always been a cool science-fiction
gimmick but they never really got going
the science and technical requirements
were too great until now it seems Paris
Fiat named after a Russian warrior monk
is a laser weapon system designed to
deliver incredible amounts of energy in
a small area so shoot down or melt down
an incoming drone or jet or shell for
example other than that not much known
yet now one might ask isn't all that
just begging for an arms race as Russia
itching for a fight no says Putin it's
all about balance
balance means peace before things were
even Russia and the US had nuclear
parity mutually assured destruction then
after the USSR collapsed NATO began to
expand began to field new weapons that
could destroy Russian nukes what Putin
and veiled is Russia's answer I returned
the military equality status quo a
return the balance
you
