Russian Foreign Ministry has commented
on reports that members of controversial
Syrian group the white helmets are being
evacuated spokeswoman Maria the heart of
us says that there may be more quote
provocations as the humanitarian group
leaves the country the details on the
foreign ministry response let's go live
to our tease Maria for not she no Maria
what more can you tell is about Russia's
reaction
well indeed we have heard reports about
several NATO countries discussing
possible evacuation of the members of
the white helmets groups work in
inferior to some Western countries
reportedly due to fears of assassination
of these people by Damascus and Russia's
foreign ministry spokesperson has
expressed deep concerns over the move
stressing this will be a large group of
people according to some reports around
1,000 individuals with in fact unclear
intentions and controversial reputation
that personally needs the liberalization
of candles according to the information
we have the white helmets convoy arrived
in the town of
edlin and among the arrivals were
several chemical experts missiles and
missile parts were also unloaded we do
not rule out the possibility of these
shall we say souvenirs unloaded by the
what helmets will be used as intended
are even when it's announced that this
member so the white helmets have been
evacuated from the region we cannot
allow the possibility of a large-scale
provocation and pinning the blame for
this provocation on the Syrian
government the white helmets group was
founded in Turkey and is funded by
several Western countries they claim
they're working in Syria to save lives
to help people but they have been
repeatedly accused of working rather on
the side of a religious extremists in
Syria there have been many pictures
emerged showing the net the members of
the white helmets group shoulder to
shoulder with a looser front members
this is a notorious jihadist group
operates in Syria for many many years
they have been accused of being behind
several deadly incidents in theory that
they have helped orchestrating to later
put the blame on the Syrian government
and therefore lobbying the interests of
the countries wishing the Syrian
President Bashar al-assad to go so it is
a controversial group and their
reputation is not clear we've also heard
from the Russian Defense Ministry
they've presented evidence and witness
reports that the
Rison a chemical attack in Syria that
the white helmets group was widely
reporting about was a fake following all
these reports Washington stopped earlier
this year funding this group but later
resumed it so the reputation is actually
controversial and indeed they could be
risks behind the move of evacuating
around 1,000 people from this group to
Western countries Europe and us
you
