a wave of violence has hit Pakistan
where general elections are due to be
held on the 25th the string of attacks
has seen a hundred and seventy five
people killed almost 150 of them in a
single suicide blast at a pre-election
rally it does go down as one of the
worst terror attacks in Pakistan's
history
let me then a child edition of it among
the victims were some of the elections
candidates Pakistan's Human Rights
Commission has slammed the violence as
an attempt to manipulate the result of
the upcoming vote though the election
has been marred not just by violence but
also via corruption scandal and one of
the main parties there's the Pakistan
Muslim League now led by Shahbaz Sharif
his brother is a former Pakistani Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif who used to head
the party but was recently detained over
corruption allegations a Shahbaz Sharif
main rival is a cricketer turned
politician Imran Khan he represents the
center-right Pakistan movement for
justice and we spoke to Khan about the
main issues right now facing Pakistan
it is probably the biggest crisis a
financial crisis never was this such a
high fiscal deficit never was this such
a huge trade deficit and never were the
institutions in such a bad state as
there in Pakistan the wave forward is
immediate reformation of our state
institutions of our regulators for
financial regulators of the corruption
ward watchdog we need peace stability we
need good relations and we certainly do
need good relationship with the u.s.
u.s. is a superpower cannot be ignored
unfortunately our relationship has been
very one-sided in the past the
relationship has been where the US has
used Pakistan as a hired gun so we are
paid to do their work you know to to
fight their war the US has looked upon
Pakistan as an ally at once point and
then as an enemy at the same time so
it's the only time in history I can
recall where an ally keeps bombing its
ally I mean the drones were bombing
killing Pakistani Pakistani people
causing collateral damage and Pakistan
territory it's never happened I don't
know if any situation like that which
has happened before and that's why the
anti-americanism Rose in Pakistan
you
