but that
Kalinka I know that hey it's time for
the Kaiser report on Max Keiser and up
this is stacy herbert okay let's go well
you know what in the second half we're
still in the UK we're in the United
Kingdom talking to Neil Mitchell and
he's talking about the ongoing fraud
wave and all that sort of stuff so I
wanted to look at one of the
consequences of neoliberalism and the
bailout of banks and the quantitative
easing and the sort of economy we have
engineered since the u.s. went off the
gold standard I believe but you can come
up with your own opinion Britain's
trickiest economic challenge is back in
the spotlight eclipsed by breaks at
headlines and all the exits from
ministers the most puzzling economic
problem facing Britain is back in the
limelight abysmal productivity growth
has plagued the United Kingdom for a
decade sapping its underlying strength
and undermining wage growth countless
explanations and solutions have been
proffered and now the debate is raging
again after a proposal that fixing it be
made one of Bank of England's core tests
before I go on I want to show you that
it's actually been way more than a
decade that productivity has been
collapsing it has been collapsing since
about 1976.i put that at when the UK
received a bailout from the IMF at 3.9
billion dollars in March of 1976 but
that's the worse we're at the worst
right now in the United Kingdom since
1794 problem can be solved in two words
two words problem solve raise wages
raised wages you know what is a
Productivity its GDP per man-hour
raise wages and now you've got more GDP
because you've got more people spending
money out there which is how you
calculate GDP so the only way to raise
your GDP is to get people more money to
spend money and therefore you're gonna
get more GDP per man-hour that's it but
of course it never happens because the
worker the wage earner the serf the
subject of the British crown is
considered to be expendable
and they get nothing I think that could
be more of it than just wages because if
you look at it you know I posit that
it's you know it's a it's been a lot to
do with the demoralization that follows
the precarious introduction of
neoliberalism and the the end of there
is no such thing as society the fact
that you're not part of anything that
you're just one Joe bag of doughnuts up
against these nameless faceless
shareholders corporations that it's you
against them and I Margaret Thatcher
your Prime Minister aren't going to
fight for you it's you against them and
to put this into international context
by the way of just how bad the situation
is in the United Kingdom let's look at
their archrival France to put it into
international context it takes a British
worker of five days to produce what a
French worker produces in less than four
growth in output per hour has yet to
recover to its pre-crisis trend and many
economists fear that leaving the
European Union could see Britain fall
further behind by depriving the economy
of productivity enhancing foreign
innovation and investment and I bring up
France because not only did they bring
up fans and that basically the French
could work one less day a week and still
produce as much GDP as the ordinary
British worker but the last time that
the productivity was so bad in the
United Kingdom was 1794 and when I
looked up the history of 1794 Great
Britain it does say that not only did
the rebuilt Theatre Royal at Drury Lane
open but British troops captured a march
of 1794 martinique from the French in
April they assigned a Treaty of allies
with Prussia and Netherlands against
France and in June they captured
port-au-prince in Haiti from the French
so they were kind of a war with the
French back in 1794 but who's getting
the last laugh right well the French
have unions the French have de
syndicates the French are out there in
the streets fighting for wages and so
their productivity is higher
as expressed as a fraction of GDP look I
mean in there Britain any night of
Kingdom to solve this GDP problem they
want to include prostitution and drug
dealing in the calculations of the
government to come up with a GDP number
that's how desperate they are to avoid
just giving workers liveable wages I
think it's just the motto by which your
society and culture runs by so the
French actually have one of the lowest
Union unionization --zz around the world
partly because they go by egalitarian
safe return at a Liberty and when we've
been there you and I lived there for
many years and what we saw was that if
one group of workers was on strike other
groups of workers would go on strike to
support those not that their Union told
them to but that they as individuals
realize that they are society against
their government the the French
government is always afraid of the
people of France the opposite is the
case in most other nations that's the
people who are afraid of their
government and here in the United
Kingdom I would say that since the
introduction remember I say that the
collapse and productivity started in
1976 when the IMF came in and what this
IMF bring but structural adjustments and
neoliberal policies and they say
outsource your government outsourced
privatize all your your resources and
and get rid of society right but as you
point out the union membership may be
the percentage base of smaller in France
but there is solidarity that goes across
all party lines and they're out there
fighting for what they know is the
important thing
higher wages in and the UK of course
they have been gutted at any kind of
agency and unlike France Russia in
America there was ever a revolution in
Britain true but now let's look at this
productivity situation and just how bad
it is how stark it is so the problem is
of course not unique to Britain
productivity is growing slowly
everywhere since the financial crisis
holding back wage growth Britain
nonetheless stands out in the decade
before the 2008 recession productivity
grew by about two percent a year since
the recovery began its average lesson
point two percent with only a minimal
provement expected in the coming years
according to a BOE Bank of England
analysis worker efficiency on a 10-year
rolling basis is at its lowest since the
Industrial Revolution like one obvious
solution another obvious solution was
they were going to build a rail system
from London up north and connecting the
country into becoming a more dispersed
economically in terms of opportunity and
they shut that down because they don't
want anyone in the north to have jobs
they don't want anyone outside of London
or the City of London to make any money
whatsoever it's it's lords and serfs
it's two creeks there's a queen and then
there are subjects that's not an economy
that were taught that we're used to
talking about here again the thing I
want to point out is that something
happened in 2008 and something
particular happened in 2008 you and I
have been covering this on Kies reports
since 2008 what happened in 2008 is the
global financial system collapsed in the
United Kingdom the banks were bailed out
by the taxpayer so the United Kingdom
came in and they rescued Royal Bank of
Scotland they rescued those they rescued
Northern Rock all these banks that
collapse they took care of them they
took over and they all therefore they
have zombie banks they have zombie
companies they have the quantitative
easing and negative interest rate policy
in zerp all of that stuff has kept
zombie company Misha will say in the
second half
Royal Bank of Scotland as part of their
bailout they turned around and they
killed tens of thousands of British
small to medium enterprises the SMEs and
smash-and-grab and took that money for
themselves that's why they don't have
any freakin growth in wages because
they've got predatory Royal Bank of
Scotland it's right in the name isn't it
yeah it's not just wages as GDP its
output is actual things that you create
cars you know products widgets
televisions furnaces lights you know art
finance like things like that they are
producing less the ordinary worker goes
in for eight hours a day and they
produce less the other thing I think
could be part of it and they're still
all trying to figure out and the Bank of
England and all these think tanks have
economists on the payroll but nobody
could figure out what is going on why
this collapse of productivity the other
thing that has been part and parcel of
the past decade is the introduction of
things like Airbnb and you know uber and
remember it uber a lot of drivers and I
work for uber in London but where does
that GDP get counted for example surely
their wages that we were driver wages
does but I know in Europe
uber operates not as a taxi service they
say but they're an algorithm they're
software and it's based out of the
Netherlands so is Netherlands captioning
capturing their GDP so there is a lot of
you know basically London is a
laundromat and it is a butler a global
Butler so how are they capturing where
is the GDP actually being captured where
is the ultimate GDP being captured or
the transportation system sold to
governments in Europe yeah they get the
government right the French government
owns the British some of the national
infrastructure right people in Britain
put their card in to go use the rail
system that money is going to France as
well so the government just sold
everything off they sold the cow and
then they're buying the milk right
that's the exploiters presently they're
not instead of just having the the milk
from the cow there why because the the
rich list keeps going exponentially
higher that they're just grabbing
grabbing grabbing because the average
person the subject of the Queen has no
agency they're serfs again it's the
worst of 1794 back in 1794 things
weren't looking so good for France the
United Kingdom United with all sorts of
nations around the world and not
attacked France here France is getting
the last laugh there they get to work
one day a week less and on top of that
Karelian collapse shows flaws in
government outsourcing this is the way
the UK government looks at the situation
they basically blame the government
rather than karelian and these
outsourcing companies you know this is
part of that neoliberal IMF
restructuring sort of thing is get rid
of your public services hand them to the
private sector
these groups like Karelian who are
supposed to deliver efficiencies and all
that sort of stuff but the government's
overriding priority for outsourcing is
spending as little money as possible
while forcing contractors to take
unacceptable levels of financial risk
the commons public administration Select
Committee said as a result of the
government's preoccupation with costs
MPs found that the government has had to
renegotiate over a hundred and twenty
million pounds of contracts since the
beginning of 2016 alone to ensure public
services would continue everything
you've just said that sounds dire
amplify that times ten with the
introduction of one simple word brexit
because the only thing hiding this
catastrophe unfolding in Britain for the
past 15 years or so was its connection
to the EU and the ability to have its
own currency and yet have passport
rights into the EU they can take those
away and you have essentially Greece on
steroids and all those banks in the EU
in America are going to attack the UK
unmercifully and drive it into
bankruptcy yeah and a lot of people
don't realize that one of the opt outs
that the United Kingdom had when it was
part of the EU and why they why US banks
and other global banks wanted their
passport and rights into Europe was that
the UK allowed caveat emptor so I you
could sell fraudulent products it was up
to the the customer who purchase your
fraudulent product to determine whether
or not it was fraudulent whereas in
Europe you have to actually act on
behalf of the you have to basically
admit whether the product is fraudulent
you have to act on behalf of your client
I've got a misprint I really am except
for the Marmite but it was a fun country
for a thousand years and then it kind of
petered away anyway we're gonna go to
the second half as mentioned Neil
Mitchell whistleblower guys gonna blow
the roof off Royal Bank of Scotland like
we've never done before stay tuned don't
go away much more coming oh wait a
minute I have to stretch this on another
three seconds I have to be more
productive to one okay don't go away
stay right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser you know on this show we talk
a lot about banksters we hate banksters
years and years now
Oh banksters stink and whatnot there is
a man who has done more than just talk
about it he's actually going after them
Neal welcome back to the Kaiser report
good to see it's been a while Neil
Mitchell Scottish businessman he's
taking on the banksters we've been on
the show before you set up the attack on
Royal Bank of Scotland and you have not
given up this is amazing
so you released some documents related
to Lloyds and H boss tell us what these
documents were and what they prove an
internal officer of Floyd's bank was
asked by director of risk at the bank to
investigate failures in the bank she a
woman called Sally Masterton she did an
amazing job brought 160 page report was
then fired by the bank was then
absolutely abused and over five years
they have absolutely destroyed her she
deserves all the credit for it the bank
the government the regulator have all
been aware of this report for five years
it's been kept secret the police I've
heard a copy and and various agencies of
her copies but it's never come out in
the public domain the victims have never
seen it so so RBS in their offshoot the
grg group well as now we know been
involved in torching and crashing and
blowing apart 30 thousand up to 30
thousand British businesses to seize
those assets and it's part of a
orchestrated smash-and-grab financial
terrorism I haven't used that word in a
while but it is exactly what it is
so now you've kind of got the smoking
gun here well the other thing was that
they regulates us been investigating RBS
giaggi since 2013 when I was last on the
shore
and they finished that report nearly two
years ago and that report was suppressed
too and I managed to get a copy of that
in favor of this year and I'll eat that
onto the Internet so now we've got both
the reports out for the benefit of the
victims and these are two reports that
the British government never wanted the
people of United Kingdom to see and they
have kept them secret for all this time
and I felt that when I managed to get
copies and I worked very hard to get
copies of both but when I got copies it
was in the public interest it was in the
national interest of our country Great
Britain to get these reports so and to
show exactly the extent of collusion
between the government the regulators
and these two banks and it's no
coincidence in fact it's quite
deliberate that it's the Royal Bank of
Scotland unloads each boss these are the
two banks that were billed out so it's
different state bellows they're bit
state support they're regulated by the
state the majority the where majority
owned by the state and it is your right
to say it's the sponsor of terrorism
so state-run institutions state
controlled state funded state controlled
orchestrated the BBC yeah the state
funded broadcaster is also got a little
slime on their boots here the BBC got a
copy of the s 166 in August of last year
from a whistleblower and when they put
it on the news on 6 o'clock and on our
bank holiday weekend
they were then threatened by you know
state broadcaster then threatened by the
state regulator the financial conduct
authority and the individual journalists
were threatened with arrest and criminal
prosecution and jail time if they dared
to publish anything in this report or
leaked it that's the extent to which our
government and regulators have gone and
trying to cover this up so just to be
clear now just going a little bit more
detail now the the document with the
Lloyds and H bar just go into that a
little bit what is the what's going on
well what I expose is is a 40 billion
pound black hole in their accounts it
shows that 14 billion was lost to
shareholders and the rights issue it
shows that the damages from the h boss
reading criminal investigation isn't a
few
million as the bank of always said it's
actually over a over a billion there was
even in examples of money laundering the
last one was 11 million pounds that were
not not reported to the regulator so the
report shows that had this information
been freely available to the stock
market that the forced marriage of
Lloyds and H boss couldn't have taken
place and the and the rights issue
should not have taken place right so and
this is a shotgun wedding more or less
that was out of that crisis yeah as the
states trying to scramble to keep their
buddies in the city hole even though
that meant huge sacrifices by the
taxpayer was forced to bail out RBS
Royal Bank of Scotland which is still
majority owned by the public I mean they
were Barbie s was built it with 46
billion of British taxpayer money
they've made cumulative losses over the
next ten years of 58 billion there was a
258 billion toxic asset insurance
program that the government backed that
the public don't know about and you know
this this Bank continues to suck up
taxpayer money and and all the bank is
seem to know B well although the
government now wants to do is they
consider a basket case and they just
want to sell the shares and try and bury
the entire problems that the bank still
has right to be fair now so as far as
British media goes you there was some
reporting on this over at channel 4 John
snow at channel 4 burn at the BBC which
again it's a state-run state controlled
propaganda outlet they were very loath
to actually reveal the documents they
had in-house was there any justification
for them not to reveal this information
listen last week when when they knew
that I was about to leak the Turnbull
report they promised to do something
quite spectacular on the BBC News they
filmed police commissioners and other
people and then at the very last minute
yet again the story was cooled off you
know because they weren't being
impartial enough you see that's the
thing about the BBC if they don't like
the answer you have to be more impartial
more impartial they know it's their
version of the Fox News fair and
balanced
you say exactly what we want you to say
which has been my experience with them
okay so Neil you've been going after
this for years how's the UK banking
sector cleaned up at all since that last
financial crisis no we need we still
need significant changes in law and in
regulation and in practices and most
particularly in culture what are the
next steps now going forward do you feel
at this point that you actually are
making some you're winning now finally
they're making some points here where
were we on the spectrum there well since
we last spoke and certainly in the last
few months and certainly since the
leaking of both document sentiment has
changed remarkably dramatically we've
now got a situation where 650 MPs in our
Parliament across all parties including
backbench government MPs talk of this as
being the one issue that unifies the
house 650 MPs absolutely now understand
this hearing in Northern Ireland and
indeed in the Republic of Ireland that
mainstream media get it banking and
business journalists get it they don't
necessarily fully report it Inquiry
Commission about discussing the
possibility of an inquiry then they'll
have an inquiry and then some lured from
some RBS will to get up there and
threatened everybody on the committee
either do it we say or we're going to
pick you from the land that we own
because we own all the land because
rehman arcs and aristocrats and there is
no democracy in this hellhole Island
they under a cloud somewhere in the
Pacific and you can all go to hell and
that's the message that comes out of
Parliament every freaking day is it ever
gonna be any different mail I mean you
don't have that because you're Scottish
yeah that's right and you're absolutely
right what we're seeing is the Treasury
select committee have done nothing they
keep having interviews they keep
publishing letters but they don't
actually take real and direct action
there are committees you know having
workshops and and and talking shops and
of the completely lost focus and and my
absolute focus is getting justice and
compensation for the victims of all the
victims of RBS and
and Lloyds Bank crime but but we are
going through the political master
nations what this needs is for the Prime
Minister to order a publican
into RBS and a public inquiry into
Lloyds into Management and misconduct
past and present it also requires
Criminal Investigations
it also requires what I call personal
jeopardy we no need to start making
individual identified bankers in RBS and
Lloyds personally responsible with
personal accountability they are named
in the Lloyds report that I lists
they've actually listed the guilty okay
hold on those three things are talking
about there first is the inquiry what
you just talked about is a dead end and
reckless in this country yeah
number two would be criminal
prosecutions they go to great lengths to
prevent any criminal prosecutions any
criminal indictments whatsoever because
the law works in their favor and all the
speech laws work in their favor if you
even suggest that they should be
criminally indicted you can be charged
libel taking a court and thrown in jail
by banker because he doesn't like being
called criminal even though they are
criminals yeah so the third thing then
would be public shaming is that that
public shaming is is there any appetite
for that and do you think that might
ever happen where you start to see
people publicly castigate these these
you know Theresa May was just saying
that oh the brakes it's not going well
you know we need cooperation against
terrorists I'm like Theresa babe put
down the high heels get into some
sensible clothes and realize that the
bankers are amongst you you're looking
at a whole pot full of them yeah the
terrorists are here babe do something
about it now or shut the up now we
should have we should have some senior
bankers in RBS and Lloyds publicly
shamed named and shamed we should have
them in court whether it's through
police investigation or private criminal
prosecutions and ultimately we should
have some heads on spikes outside the
total London that's what it's going to
need we're going to need the chairman
and chief executives past and present of
both RBS and Lloyds taking of their jobs
and unprosecuted
that's what we have to get to right okay
now okay the conversation is getting to
that that level of intensity where we
speak in these terms that are you know
violent and of course we cannot promote
violence absolutely not however
historically speaking as if there let me
say this if there is no to
turrent for criminal behavior don't
expect the criminals to change their
behavior and there are no adequate
deterrence in the United Kingdom to stop
financial terrorism and there is nothing
on the drawing boards today so the
people and stop just the bank's victims
this 65 million British people are being
victimized daily like terrorism and
Theresa May does nothing about it that's
absolutely correct and you said earlier
thirty thousand Ross McCune and a chief
executive of RBS is written - apparently
60,000 plus British businesses that may
have been and in fact were affected by
grg we're talking about hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of job losses
we're talking about families and whole
communities being affected we're talking
about considerable ill health home
repossessions and and in fact dozens and
dozens of suicides people hanging in
themselves because because because
they've been destroyed by the bank's
disgusting absolutely disgusting but we
might we gotta wrap it up there before I
throw up
as usual when talking about the British
banking system in the Prime Minister but
Neil you know I gotta hand it to you you
are keeping it real buddy keep keep
doing it
don't you do it I guess because you're
Scottish yeah thanks well that's gonna
do it for this edition of the Kaiser
report with me Max Keiser and Stacey
ever I'd like to thank our guest Neil
Mitchell if you want to find us on
Twitter don't bother
until next time bye y'all
