hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report Rin Las Vegas what happens in Las
Vegas stays in Las Vegas we're gonna
stay in Las Vegas we could probably live
in Las Vegas we're never gonna leave Las
Vegas they see max in fact this show is
broadcasting around the world so it's
not quite staying in Vegas you'll hear
some noise basically we're at a
conference in Las Vegas
Washoe Khan is a security conference put
on by our good friend heart edge and
security is a big issue we're actually
going to be talking about it in upcoming
shows but when you think of Vegas you
think of showgirls you think of all
these entertainment and it is
entertainment capital I think of America
even more than Broadway in Hollywood but
you also think of gambling and the
casino business here and Donald Trump by
the way has chunk Tower and it's the
only it's the only place without a
casino here because he couldn't get a
casino license but he it that doesn't
prevent him from winning he is winning
according to not Fox News but see and
and here's a headline which is
remarkable President Donald Trump's
winning streak Donald Trump may have
never had a better time being president
only a reelection party on the night of
November 3rd 2020 so they're already
projecting that he's gonna win 2020
could possibly offer the same
vindication for America's most
unconventional commander-in-chief as the
36 hours in which to foundational
strands of his political career are
combining in a sudden burst of history
and then this is a sentence they
actually say about Donald Trump CNN
which he by the way has called fake news
and he's done he said a lot of horrible
things about them both at live events
and on his tweets but it says Trump
became an undeniably consequential
president when the Senate voted on
Saturday to confirm Brett Kavanaugh to
Supreme Court
consecrating the conservative majority
that has long been the impossible dream
of the
yo p well you know I've been saying from
the beginning that the Constitution is
strong and it's designed so that any
competent individual can step in the
White House and run the country that's
the beauty of our system of government
here in the United States now as CNN is
now flip and understanding that Donald
Trump is a consequential president who
is doing things that needed to be done
and is getting rid of the deep State
Hillary Clinton is opening her trap and
saying that the end of civility that
must come that we can no longer be civil
in fighting against the president United
States now last I checked and I've got a
copy of my Constitution this is the
Constitution of the United States
I don't think here that they support
sedition I believe that's illegal so
Hillary for jail for prison this is very
much alive and well as we head into the
midterms oh my god okay
I wish we've always just forget about
her and it would all go away but we're
gonna go back to the CNN piece Wimber
title of the CN n vs his president
Trump's winning streak they said that on
Friday Trump had celebrated the best
jobs data for 49 years as the
unemployment rate dipped to three point
seven percent offering more proof of a
vibrant economy that the president says
has been unshackled by his tax reduction
program and skiving cuts to business
regulations so again they point out that
he came in thought it like when he was
on the campaign trail in 2016 what he
offered to do was to rip up these trade
deals he ripped up those trade deals he
he did what he said he was going to do
he said he was gonna pack the Supreme
Court with conservative justices and
that he's done that she's put two on
there so far and he said that he was
gonna slash taxes and that would create
a jobs boom and
has so far happened whether or not it's
caught in a correlation and causation
you know that's yet to be determined oh
there's direct correlation and remember
during the campaign Trump said they need
to revisit all these trade deals
this will bring manufacturing back to
the United States and bring back jobs to
the United States and Barack Obama at
the time said what you just can't redo
the deals these are deals we shine deals
we can't redo the deals I'm an
ineffectual intellect that should be in
a European mill you know empty in Europe
you know so that was proved wrong
everything he said he would do he is
doing and so the only problem in it as
I've identified now for a while is that
this will cause inflation and you are
seeing that pop into the economy now so
interest rates are moving higher this
would mean that bonds are going to move
down and would challenge markets in a
huge way so inflation is happening gas
prices are moving up as long as wages
are moving up faster than prices Trump
is okay if in fact that doesn't occur
and you've got prices spiraling out of
control then he's in trouble
so again like I've got to read their own
words because these words are just
pretty spectacular when we're only a few
weeks away from the midterms and just
two short years away from the 2020
re-election campaign for Trump and who
will run against him we don't know
Hillary has suggested that she might run
or like her surrogates suggested but
here here are their own words this is
against CNN he calls them fake news so
this could be fake news they could try
it's be trying to play him off saying
yes we are fake news look at this a
president of consequence it says this
section there is more evidence than the
soon to be reshaped Supreme Court and
the roaring economy to make a case that
Trump is building a substantial
presidency that in many ways looks like
a historic pivot point despite it's
extremely controversial nature
so in terms of this historical pivot
point they addressed a few items
including him breaking the deal with
Iran his bullying approach through the
trade deals pulling out of the trade
deals and they said for this week for
instance the White House initiated a
potentially momentous shift in the u.s.
approach to China
recognizing the Asian giant as a global
competitor and a threat to American
security prosperity and interests
reversing decades of policy designed to
manage Beijing's assent as a major power
and eventual partner well you know I
made a little backstage intrigue you
know because I'm the election 2016 I sat
down with my friend Alec Baldwin who's
been on this show many times known him
for 30 years and I explained him exactly
that the economy needed to be pivoted
that there would be a need to eviscerate
the deep state
you needed to re Renaissance and give
workers a chance to participate in the
global economy by addressing all these
trade deals and instead he got sucked
into the Rosie O'Donnell you know kind
of wing of the Democrats that favor
communism socialism you know just look
at the Soviet Union were Carosi
O'Donnell look at Venezuela it doesn't
work you need to have a functioning
competitive economy having a guy like
Donald Trump reset the table is exactly
what was needed and I would like to
claim victory over my friend out ball
this time as being vindicated everything
I said what happened has happened and
you know he's forced to do podcasts for
public radio in the back waters of the
Hamptons somewhere so there you go there
you have it but I mean the fact that CNN
is saying this and they did lead the
charge and mocking him and then being
afraid of him didn't they say the saying
goes something like first they ignore
you then they laugh at you then they
fear you and we've definitely seen the
whole Russia Gate stuff is definitely
the fearing you that you know the
so-called deep state whatever
that thing is like whenever all these
people were that were leaking
information that we're trying to destroy
him that we're trying to undermine him
all of the cable news all of the
hysteria about him is sheer fear it
would look like genuine fear and then of
course they join you or you know they
stop you win essentially because they
join you well this thing is that Trump
is going to start looking at some of
these monopolies in the US media
monopolies and monopolies in the tech
sector and Google and Amazon and CNN in
its act of self-preservation is now
kowtow into the president because they
took her heads on the chopping block
with all this fake news and media
consolidation and monopolization I said
from the beginning this could be a neo
Teddy Roosevelt in American politics to
break up the Trust's and bring back
competition competition is good that's
what makes jobs that's what makes
America great it's free competition not
kowtow into corporate overlords and oleg
APPA lists like Jeff Bezos again and I
think you talked about some of the
Manhattan elite I think certainly
Trump's delivery and his men are
speaking is very 1970s New York and very
Queens the guys from Queens and I think
that's a lot to do with why so many of
the elite why the Rachel Maddow's why
the Alec Baldwin's why the Anderson
Cooper's why they have a visceral hatred
for him because if you're a guy from
Manhattan if you're one of the Manhattan
elite you know imagine a Bridge and
Tunnel guy suddenly ruling over you I
think it really grates on them in a way
that is just their elitism but here
again CNN this is what they conclude
because remember the Rachel Maddow sorts
of the world they had a lot of like joy
they were like he hauling about child
being laughed at on the stage at the UN
and here is how CNN now now that they've
joined Trump
they've stopped fearing and stop mocking
him stop fearing him now they say less
than two weeks ago foreign diplomats at
the United Nations laughed at Trump when
he boasted about the historic sweep of
his presidency and there was no doubt
that he was as usual exaggerating but it
is also no longer possible to credibly
argue
despite the distracting blizzard of
controversy busted decorum and staff
chaos constantly lashing washington that
there is not something significant
taking place that is changing the
political and economic character of the
nation itself so he is change agent
remember Obama was supposed to be the
change agent and what he actually did
was basically prevent the change from
changing the status quo Obama could be
the worst president of the past 100
years he's not gonna get to Mount
Rushmore at Donald Trump could Obama
codified the worst tendencies of Wall
Street he institutionalized the
kleptocracy he turned a blind eye to the
excesses of the really the rats on on
Finance in America who are pilfering
with impunity and you know so this is
draining the swamp means unfortunately I
must say that it does mean that interest
rates are going to start going higher
and this is for the first time in thirty
two years they bond market bull rally
we've had for thirty two years or longer
it looks like it's coming to an end and
that is a fundamental shift of huge
change in the economy for the world and
for the United States going forward so
that'll be the big story over the next
24 months I call it right now
so the bond market is like the cooler
for Trump's winning streak yeah
bond market as Bill Clinton said when
they tried to reform health care that he
wants to die and come back as the bond
market because that's the most powerful
force in the universe
anyway don't go away much more coming
away so stay right there
hi I'm Max Keiser welcome back to the
Kaiser report time that attorney tres
mayor chase welcome welcome max glad to
be here I call you the Howard Hughes a
Bitcoin it's just like your very
corporate looking and business looking
and you but you're you're very precious
and you're very ferocious in your
approach to Bitcoin you take the view of
a really disciplined hedge fund guy of
Wall Street guy got a look at context of
the numbers that just came out of
pantera capital they're down 72% for the
year and I know that you were laughing
at that because a lot of these folks of
the past few years trace it correct me
if I'm wrong they got sucked into the
siren song of the old coins in the hard
forks and the Bitcoin caches of the
world and they suffered as a result of
it
you have maintained a very strict
discipline about Bitcoin and it's really
working well can you expand on it a
little bit yeah I mean a scoreboard
doesn't lie right so you know that this
goes back years I mean I've been in this
space for a long time and I've had a
different approach to it than the and
recent horowitz's the Pantera's like
Barry Silbert where I've been you know I
coined the term the Hardware of last
resort I came up with like why do you
hire Bitcoin the Seven Network effects
speculation merchants consumers miners
developers financialization world
reserve settlement currency like those
of us that are serious players in
Bitcoin we have a plan for where
bitcoins going and how we're gonna get
it there now I have read your work going
back to and you were writing your thesis
on banking and gold and you were well
versed in this hard money concept so
when Bitcoin came around in the 25 cent
range you were a ready apostle of
Satoshi you were ready to jump a fee
yeah I mean that's when I first started
publicly talking about it you know after
a mere talk he brought up having
WikiLeaks accept Bitcoin it's like well
if we're gonna have the scrutiny that
comes from more eyeballs on this thing
well we might as well put in that
philosophical foundation I don't want to
have people confused about
what they're buying or why they're
buying it you know it's Bitcoin cash is
a real Bitcoin I mean any type of Sutter
fuge or anything like this like I don't
want it why because I want hardware's of
last resort I want people who are
willing to hold this thing to zero right
that had that philosophical foundation
because it's the hardware that really
gives something its value and I think we
greatly underestimate the risk of this
like look at how much of investment
funds are passive you know people just
investing in indexes are investing
passively so when the liquidity dries up
who we're gonna see we're gonna see
massive wealth loss and what are we
seeing with interest rates in the bond
market and all this stuff like who's
going to be the hardware of last resort
for Tesla shares or for Apple shares or
for like whatever the assets are and why
would they be those hot wars of last
resort we talked a little bit about
something warren buffett said recently
which I think applies here
he said comparing him with Bill Gates he
said that people overestimate the
difficulty of what Bill Gates does and
they underestimate the difficulty of
what I do
Warren Buffett because he is of course
the Hodler best-known Heidler the his
holding period being forever yes I said
which is similar to mine right and so
you've applied this and so just once
again to review the Seven Network
effects number one is the Hodler
number one if you're holding Bitcoin is
you're not being inactive you're
participating something extremely
important in the space correct and then
the other six are again I mean it's all
built on the Hodler
you know cuz that's the speculation to
man and then you've got transactional to
man but let's look at the scoreboard you
got Bill Gates and you got and you got
Warren Buffett from when I started
publicly talking about Bitcoin till
today if you take into account the forks
in seven years the ROI is higher than
Warren Buffett's return in his 50 years
right by a factor of I think two so I
mean like Warren Buffett he's not a very
good investor compared to myself based
on the scoreboard and the numbers you
know and so then you look at gates well
you know to really understand and get
what's going on with Bitcoin you kind of
have to do both you have to
have the discipline of someone like a
Buffett and I've read every single one
of his letter to shareholders you know I
respect him and his in his investment
acumen but then you've also got to have
the creative destruction in the
entrepreneurial nests of of a Bill Gates
to really kind of play this thing back
is going to introduce some their
services in this you talk a little bit
about back then we'll talk about what
you and Kalyn lon
we're discussing but talk a little bit
about this about this as you say this is
part of the Seven Network effects I
don't know what number this is this
would be number six financialization
weaving into number 1 which would be
speculation right but then when they're
bringing in Starbucks and Microsoft it
looks like they're going after network
effects two and three which are
merchants and consumers so its reach and
this is how the network effects
exponentially reinforce each other so I
mean this is an incredibly exciting
announcement okay so what exactly are
they today now yeah so who we're dealing
with is these are the owners of the New
York Stock Exchange it's like I mean
these are the 800-pound gorillas when it
comes to markets and they're going to be
introducing next day Bitcoin swaps so
you know hope what what they intend to
do is take price discovery away from the
bit fin X's and the bit maxes and move
it to backed well they've also partnered
with and they're and they'll also do
Bitcoin derivatives this is later on
down the road and then they have a
warehouse custody solution that they're
building into this that they've also got
to deal with with Starbucks and
Microsoft's so they're going after two
global brands well Starbucks is a very
easy use case you know we got tons of
people like why not be able to pay with
your app it cuts down on processing
costs like all this stuff but why
Microsoft like what's the play there and
how does that really go mainstream and I
was thinking about it and I was like oh
imagine if Microsoft was able to take
some of their revenues from fortnight
and be running it through Bitcoin
I mean fortnight makes them like a
hundred million dollars a month
something like this so you know if we
get if we get transactional demand
flowing through this we get it happening
on the derivatives market so people can
buy and sell calls and puts they're able
to hedge the exchange rate risk we got
large
involved in this we've got custody
solutions for hundreds of millions of
dollars of Bitcoin perhaps billions of
dollars so as for tonight you've already
got a huge customer base that are in
dealing in virtual space yeah they're do
it with virtual items virtual sell in
markets and stuff like that right and
why not have an instant like using
lightning Network you know
oh yeah I got props I got my props it's
like what's going to loop of lightning
so so if you setup lightning you can go
buy stickers from block stream and so
this is like proof of lightning you know
I I got lightning working but all I got
was this sticker no to x-ray no Forks
you know and that's the thing like if
you're gonna be selling derivatives on
Bitcoin you better be fully
collateralized or very well backstopped
because if you don't a hot power last
resort
with forks or stuff I mean we could
really disrupt your your plan we're
gonna talk about that quickly on the
note 2 X going back to the silicon say
segmented option was was there a
conspiracy amongst a certain group in
the industry did fill up the mempool and
slow down transactions that it just as a
side note your your view on that yeah I
mean I don't know that conspiracy would
be the right term but it's definitely
within the miners incentive to fill up
the blocks and test the pricey less to
suit a man and maximize their
transaction maximize their transaction
fees I mean like why wouldn't they do
that as rational actors so I mean is it
a conspiracy or is it just people acting
in a way that the economic incentives
like guide people to act ok mention
lightning lightning obviously is a
second layer it's to scaling one of the
scaling solutions of Bitcoin and that's
how it would seem to me that now that's
really well underway so I good Sanga was
adopted we're well into second stage a
lot of these alt coins that were created
in though in the period of slow
development when things we're not coming
forward it looks like they're gonna have
their lunch eaten oh yeah and look at
poor Pantera or these other people who
were highly invested in the all coins
they've just been obliterated both in
dollars and in Bitcoin I mean look at
Bitcoin cash it's it's gone from like
point one to
point zero seven in terms of its ratio
to Bitcoin I mean this has been a
billion dollar plus mistake for bit
Maine right yeah so so yeah you mean
your track record just sticking to the
true Satoshi fishing even though I
performed I would say everybody in the
space everybody on Wall Street everybody
you know you are you are one of them you
don't publish any numbers why should it
sadly to get a handle on this but just
anecdotally if we piece together do it
on this show many times I know you've
stayed true to your philosophy and your
discipline the the rate of return there
is going to be fantastic well and with
these new like with ledger acts and
backed and right swap execution facility
and derivatives clearing organization
the hot lers can now actually start
increasing at an exponential rate what
do I mean by that you know in down
markets or sideways market as a hardware
you can actually maintain your Bitcoin
position but then sell covered calls
right so you can swipe a more premium
and then turn around and sell cash
secured puts with the premium and so
that starts bringing a forward a Bitcoin
so if someone wants to establish a
Bitcoin position they're just gonna have
to pay very richly for it and what do I
mean by that but having a strike like
three weeks out that's up forty percent
and so and so you have to pay the option
the option premium and then you got to
pay that thirty percent in order to
potentially get some small amount of
position out of ha Tyler's right so - so
hotter start accumulating even more
bitcoins using their Bitcoin right so
Wall Street's paying the hot lers to
scale up essentially because I have an
efficiency in this option market and the
thing about the option market is that
you can use it as many do just purely
speculate but as what you're describing
is essentially it's not to use an
elegant term but there's like a
rent-seeking quality about it in terms
of the you're selling premiums into the
market from and and collecting that
income and with ledger X it correct me
if I'm wrong but I think you have to put
up a hundred percent down right there's
no margin yeah there they're 100%
collateralized so they're fully
collateralized Bitcoin swaps and options
and then also fully clothed fully
collateralized like cash secured players
let me
quickly T we got about two minutes
because the the backed launch and the
podcast with Caitlyn lon
it's got people talking about well
doesn't this open up the possibility of
Wall Street rehypothecation many and
over and over and manipulating the
prices we've seen in the gold market etc
and and you've got an interesting take
on this Tracy
yeah I'd I mean I don't think backed or
ledger acts will be a problem with this
or even Aris exchange you know because
they'll be fully collateralized but the
CFTC is gonna have to keep a real handle
on this
you know because Bitcoin strictly
limited in a mountain I mean it's the
hardest money the world's ever seen no
matter where the price goes it doesn't
increase supply and there's always
enough Bitcoin for people just some
function of price so if you're short if
you're naked short Bitcoin I mean that's
a good way to bankrupt yourself right it
has attributes that are not found in any
other any other tradable security at
this time you know remember Patrick
Byrne over there an overstock went to
battle with the New York Stock Exchange
and other regulators over the show rule
which demands that you need to show at
the end of the day your inventory of
positions maybe on stocks that you've
shorted and that because that was not
being enforced people were selling more
stock than whereas even printed or
available for over Stoa FTD's you got
the dole foods case you got the Procter
& Gamble case I mean that this is a real
problem people don't actually know what
they own and so I think people are
taking on a lot more risk than they
necessarily think they are right and I
mean this is a huge problem you've got
excessive in fact I'm gonna pick it up
from right at that point but we got to
say goodbye now stick around for another
segment that's gonna do for this dish on
the Kaiser poor a fee Maximizer Oh Stacy
ever gonna catch us on Twitter its
Keiser Report you can download the app
the RT app and watch our show on your
phone there's every taxi driver in Las
Vegas does until next time bye
