yeah previous foods in Italy but I'd
like to welcome the viewers and
subscribers of our teeth today we're
talking to Dmitry Peskov spokesman for
the Russian president and this interview
is special because mr. Peskov agreed to
meet with us on the eve of one of the
most important events in global politics
this year I'm referring of course to the
summit between Vladimir Putin and Donald
Trump in the capital of Finland Thank
You mr. Pascal thank you first let me
ask you does it make any sense to talk
to a person who can break his promises
when we talk about global politics for
example the principal of America first
or the promise to stop wars all over the
world and not to start new ones avoid
above human meaning that unites Norway
this principle works for any head of
state any head of state when talking to
their foreign counterparts has to take
care of the interests of their state's
and our president is quite pragmatic and
consistent he always says that he cares
about the national interest of Russia
above everything else that's why he
understands the reciprocal beliefs of
Donald Trump of course such an approach
can only be viable if accompanied by
another principle this approach has to
be based on a commitment to develop
mutually beneficial cooperation taking
into account the interests of the other
countries as well and these factors
together can create the right
environment of cooperation and this is
what we hope to achieve at the summit we
hope to see the first steps towards
overcoming the current critical
situation in a country's relations at
the time pretty boy was there any energy
well what I was referring to is that
Donald Trump promised to remain
committed to this principle but many
believe that he has violated the
principle let's not forget that Donald
Trump is quite popular as president of
the United States and many people in the
US have a very positive impression of
what he has done as president and those
ongoing investigations or internal
affairs of the United States the
elements of those investigations that
have to do with Russia are puzzling to
us but let's not talk about that right
now
presidents Trump and Putin respect each
other and they get along well so far
they've only had a brief opportunities
at all
so this time we hope that they will have
a more lengthy conversation nobody
opponents and let us go yak across
Keitel bus tonight it's an elysian
element machine staying on that subject
a few days ago Donald Trump was asked if
he thinks that mr. Putin is his friend
or foe and he did not answer this
question directly he used the word
competitor instead what do you think
about this remark do you see Donald
Trump as a competitor America's
co-president icon Korean 'tom
concurrences Korea positively your game
competition is a good thing I would say
competition helps the world to develop
but there is one but competition has to
be fair we need fair competition in
politics and in the global economy and
unfortunately we see the competition is
not always fair if you look at the
recent situation where US officials
commented on nordstrom - this is a
purely commercial project and those
comments for a glaring example of unfair
competition yet the browser is Namita
snack ingredients can we discuss this
issue specifically during the summit and
are you ready to withstand the pressure
that the US administration the White
House may put on Germany in this respect
of course we are worried by these
comments let's not forget the North
stream - is an international project
it's not even Russian German or German
Russian it's a multinational enterprise
which has many shareholders among them
very big companies from various
countries and let's put it this way
threatening these shareholders as well
as threatening Russia and Germany with
sanctions if this project goes further
these threats are a big concern there is
no clear agenda it will be created by
the heads of states as they go along
yes Liam Trump Trump's visit to Brussels
the intensity of contact between the US
president and other heads of state has
been quite high recently would you
compare it to what mr. Putin does you
follow closely which people Donald Trump
talks to especially before this meeting
we lead ETA Bristol at EMC I make our
capture Donald Trump as
period registration no orders remains of
street personal parrot whistles amid not
of course there was the NATO summit
before the meeting and this is highly
important event you know very well what
we think about NATO and of course we
follow all talks involving the US
presidents and we analyze the
information that we get but why would we
compare them mr. Trump has his own
international agenda and mr. Putin has
his these are two major powers in the
world and we cannot be limited to our
borders because our interests go all
over the globe this is only natural
humanists his name no yes they let them
cook with the most bitter City with no
violence but do you see any competition
there and why is it that today US allies
and NATO specifically are so worried by
the fact that mr. Trump is going to meet
with mr. Putin why they're worried is
their business not ours Russia has never
sought to use its relations his
interactions with certain countries
against other countries against third
party states this has never been the
case so such concerns sound rather
strange Russia and the United States
have a special responsibility to
maintain strategic stability and global
security so common sense tells us that
all countries especially European
countries should be interested in seeing
the normalization of relations between
Moscow and Washington normally is that
said naturally mr. ma squishington mr.
paskoff you said that the agenda is not
set in concrete it will be formulated as
the two presidents meet yet we have seen
some leaks in the media about the joint
statement that's currently being
coordinated so have you really made any
proposals on that joint statement is it
true that there are some disagreements
over this statement already the but
world may come this is not true we've
made no plans for a joint statement
actually there is no requirement to
issue a joint statement there will be a
joint press conference where they will
make their own statements now many of us
tickets
of course my pan is open in Miami of
course we understand that this bilateral
press conference has not taken place yet
this is an outstanding event definitely
and preparations for such an event is it
also special to you put in there this is
a regular process Vladimir Putin gives
press conferences quite often with his
foreign counterparts but of course this
press conference is going to be quite an
important one we do need to coordinate
technical issues who will go first who
will go second then there will be
questions from the media from both
countries so we do have a common
understanding on the technical
procedures of this press conference and
we hope it will provide plenty of
interesting information to all the
journalists waiting for this meeting to
conclude attention F Street with the
village street leader of the meeting was
announced immediately after mr. Balkans
visit to Moscow but so why did he come
here to just give the green light for
the summit or were there some
preliminary agreements which may come to
light later in Helsinki for a rebuttal
the pollution version inversion visit
this was a very important visit to
prepare for the summit we compared notes
on the entire scope of issues in our two
countries relations and identified where
we have common ground where it is
impossible to have common ground and
where we don't have common ground at the
moment but we may find some later
and while the presidents will talk in
Helsinki we expect Lavrov and Pompeyo to
have their own separate talks this will
also be an important event of the summit
Western journalists are going on about
some possible big bargaining game that
could unravel in Helsinki should we be
watching out for anything like that at
all does Moscow have any bargaining
chips for the Americans
the word bargaining is absolutely
inappropriate here instead positions
will be compared and there will be
clarifications to confirm or dispel any
fears as you know our relations are in
quite support States and Russia was not
the one who initiated this downturn we
hope there is a political will to
as relations renewed prior to its
premiere all negative so rumors again in
the American media that Russia might
hand Edward Snowden to US authorities
have nothing to do with reality
Washington state listing yes I know
those claims are entirely untrue it's
out of the question
Dominic any absolute manual yes I can
manage the whole yet why are you so
stubborn when it comes to even the
slightest possibility of discussing
Crimea some believe it's Donald Trump
who might be ready to start discussing
the matter from a different perspective
unlike other Western politicians maybe
it's worth having a go with him
even they sneem spoil about them others
go out of it there is only one way to
discuss this and continually saying
until Russia gives Crimea back there
will be no this or that repeating this
like some kind of mantra is absolutely
illogical it's a road to nowhere it has
no perspective and nothing will come of
it what if mr. Trump is the one to stop
this is there any hope of that you know
we are not and never have been wearing
rose tinted glasses but we can hope for
that Ridge Donald trum has already
announced that he has a big present for
mr. Putin has the Russian president
prepared any kind of return gift we're
here for any mug was it well I can't
tell you yet as usual there will be some
exchange of gifts but this will not be
the main point of the meeting Gotham by
me mom apart from the headlines we saw
after Donald Trump's visit to Brussels
for the NATO summit we read about the
defense budget of this organization
being boosted how will Russia respond to
that attacking is that same risk
astronomer dr. gir√≥n not instrument
confronted
NATO is an instrument of confrontation
it was constructed specifically for the
purposes of confrontation from the very
beginning this has been the rationale
behind the alliance so when the Alliance
openly calls Russia a potential enemy
and increases its budgets
this indicates that Russia needs to stay
alert and it does erase us they
alternate you though it's done on
smoochie so you're not talking about
taking any particular measures yet I
don't know Rosa melena
no but it it as you know we do have
parity thanks to our new innovations our
new weapons and systems the purpose of
which are to secure nuclear parity this
is an element of mutual deterrence and
it guarantees global nuclear security
given other threats coming from NATO you
can be assured that our armed forces and
our defense industry are taking all
necessary measures bringing in my senior
pride you may know me the village not
the cities can go to them there are the
syrian national flag is flying over the
city of Deraa the city where anti-assad
protests originally started now that
ISIL has been defeated and the Syrian
government controls most of the country
what will be Moscow's next steps
delicious I get more from you like that
masculine you're right ISIL has been
largely defeated even though there are
still some pockets in Syria where we see
remnants of terrorist groups with other
countries turning a blind eye to that
the Syrian army continues its operations
against these groups and that's a
perfectly normal process the ultimate
goal of all that is to achieve a
political and military resolution of the
Syrian conflict you know of course about
the constitutional committee this is
part of the comprehensive approach that
should advance the peace process
the Aston our process and so on now amen
let'em well the meeting with Donald
Trump is of particular interest in that
context do you expect any pressure from
the United States on Iran's presence in
Syria
any Iran or city no achieve it no
special budget approach that president
of course Syria will be discussed by the
two presidents we all know what
Washington thinks about Iran but at the
same time Iran is a good partner to us
in terms of trade Economic Cooperation
and political dialogue so this will not
be an easy issue and of course you also
have to take into account Israel's
interests how are you planning to
maintain a proper balance between all
those players this is another factor
that affects what Russia does in the
region President Putin stays on top of
these things you may have noticed them
the last few days he met with the
Iranian special envoy and received a
message from the spiritual leader of Ron
and from the presidents of the country
and just a few days earlier he had talks
with Prime Minister Netanyahu so this is
a very complex web of contacts which is
ultimately intended to minimize any
negative consequences from the Eric and
soluble differences between the sides
which could affect the prospects for a
political settlement in Syria
anybody media Mijares language
perspective politics covered a good
Yerevan your shield
let's move on to a different subject
what car will mr. Putin used to move
around Finland will his motorcade go
there you'll see these are new cars new
vehicles they are not mass-produced not
yet at least
in the autumn however the company will
start taking orders from mass-produced
cars and sometime next year they will be
available for purchase as we start to
have more and more limos capable of
transporting heads of states we'll be
able to use them for a wider range of
purposes
as for the car the president will be
writing in you'll see for yourself
unless you're on board with the figures
yeah look at the many thanks mr. Pascal
thank you
you
