welcome to Artie's coverage of the 2018
FIFA World Cup I know you're watching at
home because it's the World Cup
what else would you be doing right now
the atmosphere in the city amazing it's
a wonderful scene I'm not the biggest
football expert but I've been dying to
get on there - the best to do win in
every television in just under 40
minutes from now decide we're going to
watch that very unlucky the last few
days you need to go to Moscow
we are embracing that very English
weather up here on the roof atop the
studio it's all been specially lined up
I did everything organized the weather
personally
how was it as a Portugal fan it was a
new law has been passed in England if
you are an English person we're talking
about the World Cup you have to say it's
coming home yeah let's hope England
don't get stopped by was absolutely
amazing at this tournament I'm sorry
Peter but he was even better than you
the fantastic title as well
secretary-general of the supreme
committee for delivery and legacy for
the 2022 World Cup amazing maybe for you
in Monday we can make an editorial
because again was it hello papa hello
papa so Papa's Papa and my kid is my kid
in spite of he looks older than me
I think I think these boys from my
Sunday since they were babies they were
eating a lot of meat on breakfast
immediately big big goalkeepers were in
safe hands I do have a quick question
for PETA as a goalkeeper sorry nail I
know as a midfield dynamo as you fancy
yourself but a quick question for peace
my good unfortunately the situation in
the World Cup you can have many teams
that you support the Kennedy and Beyond
only one and there's only one guy with a
horn but he's really making the most of
it
the relative will you talk a little bit
what do you want to touch a little bit
yes yeah what I did
you
