the Israeli Defense Forces say that
Hamas militants have fired more than a
dozen rockets into Israel it comes in
retaliation to Israeli airstrikes that
hit several targets in Gaza no reports
of casualties yet the IDF says the
strike targeted a Hamas tunnel and other
military sites in southern Gaza Israel
claims that it took action after
Palestinian protesters started to throw
explosive devices and firebombs at
troops on the border now earlier a 15
year old Palestinian boy was killed in
clashes there it's been reported one
Israeli soldier was also injured in the
unrest there too
Friday's riots marked 100 days now since
the start of the so-called march of
return Palestinians been rallying at
that border fence every week accusing
Israel of occupying their ancestral
lands throughout the day Friday
demonstrators burnt tires and held rocks
at Israeli forces who responded with
tear gas and live bullets from that
trouble scene yet again our
correspondent there on the front line
encoder II so I'm only 100 meters away
from the fence that separates Gaza Strip
with Israel and as you see Palestinian
protesters are trying to approach a
friends and break it well every time
there was an attempt there Israeli
forces react back with live ammunition
and tear gas Palestinians as you see
still come to to the protest are very
close to the fence and are burning tires
to blur the vision of the Israeli
snipers Palestinians are still motivated
and still passionate about the great
march of return demanding the right of
return and demanding breaking the
blockade on the Gaza Strip that has been
imposed for more than 11 years
Palestinians today are also protesting
expect expressing the range and anger
against the demolishing of the Israelis
to handle a hammer between village
the Israelis are also imposing more
restrictions and procedures on the Gaza
Strip well they're gonna close kerem
shalom crossing which turn not allowing
any imports or exports to gaza strip and
they're only allowing the humanitarian
needs you can see the Palestinians angry
and expressing their anger and the
Palestinians say that this is the only
way they can achieve their demands
expressing their anger and expressing
the rage the whole world
Palestinians continue to raise the
Palestinian flag up high during the
protest and as you see the Palestinians
are very very close to the fence while
they know that there are heavily weapons
state soldiers
along the fence this is one of the
injuries that came from the fence just
right now that's the beginning of the
March 18 children work directly shot
dead and they are env2 including the 138
palestinians killed since the beginning
of the march
you
