Rush's ties with the u.s. can be
repaired says Kremlin spokesman Dmitry
Peskov he's been speaking to art easily
Petrenko ahead of Monday's summit
between Donald Trump and lithium her
Putin we knew that mr. paskoff wouldn't
really spill the beans just before the
big head-to-head avenge however we did
hear a few crucial things from him
lately the media and the West as well as
some politicians have really been
distressed or even agitated about the
summit coming up in the capital of
Finland feeling that one of the two
leaders may use some sort of leverage in
a bargaining game well the spokesperson
of mr. Putin says that Kremlin isn't
looking into any kind of bargaining
options I also asked them about some
specific potential bargaining chips
Western journalists are going on about
some possible big bargaining games that
could unravel in Helsinki should we be
watching out for anything like that at
all
does Moscow have any bargaining chips
for the Americans
the word bargain is absolutely
inappropriate here instead physicians
will be compared and there will be
clarifications to confirm or dispel any
fears you know that our relations are in
a quite pitiful state and you know that
Russia wasn't the one who initiated the
ruining of the complex of our
relationship there is a political will
to normalize relations the mural nikka
that I saw him Authority really so
rumors again in the American media that
Russia might hand Edward Snowden to US
authorities have nothing to do with
reality no they have nothing to do with
it it's out of the question a cog that
is a holy war Bob salvini Karima but you
move enough but why are you so stubborn
what if even the slightest possibility
of discussing Crimea
more some believe it's Donald Trump who
might be ready to start discussing the
matter from a different perspective
it kind of like other Western
politicians maybe it's worth having a go
with him
look there's only one way to discuss
this and continually sayings until
Russia gives Crimea back there will be
no this or that repeating this is like
some kind of mantra which is absolutely
illogical it's a road to nowhere it has
no perspective and nothing will come of
it with more boiled ramp what if mr.
Trump is the one to stop this is there
any hope of that you know we are not and
never have been wearing rose tinted
glasses we can count on that Dmitry
Peskov hasn't ruled out that the issue
of the North stream to pipeline for
direct natural gas deliveries from
Russia to the EU will be brought up in
Helsinki lately mr. Trump has seemed to
be just a step away from even bullying
Berlin for working together with Russia
here's the reaction we heard from mr.
Putin's press secretary to that Williams
average - let's not forget that North
stream - is an international project if
it's not even Russian German or German
Russian it's a multinational enterprise
which has many shareholders among them
very big companies from various
countries and let's put it like this
threatening these shareholders as well
as threatening Russia and Germany with
sanctions if this project goes further
these threats are a big concern speaking
of the enormous amounts of work in terms
of perhaps by both administrations the
press secretary admitted that the agenda
is far from being poor here's mr. Petrov
with more on that very process there's
no clear agenda existing it will be
created by heads of states as they go we
will be showing the full version of that
exclusive interview with the press
secretary of the Russian President on
Monday just several hours before Donald
Trump and Vladimir Putin meet in
Helsinki
you
