hi my name is David Gordon Green and the
director and writer of pence a flanch
hello so the film takes place in the
aftermath of a major wildfire that is
ravaged through Central Texas and a lot
of a lot of homes and you know thousands
of trees have been destroyed so we're
picking up at a point in the film where
Emile Hirsch is character has left to go
to the big city for the weekend and have
some fun and he has left Paul Rudd's
character Alvin to his own devices that
weekend to kind of explore the ashes and
evidence of this wild fire and in doing
so kind of explored himself on this
journey he meets this woman played by
Joyce Payne this this sequence was not
in the screenplay but when we were
location scouting one of my producers
Craig Zobel and my assistant director
Attila had had happened upon Joyce and
Joyce was in this very location sifting
through these very ashes looking for her
pilot's license they called me
immediately after meeting her and
telling me her extraordinary story in
her very unique voice and I became
really excited about the prospect of
integrating her into the film so we
brought Paul and a crew of three people
I think we had an assistant camera Tim
Moore was our cinematographer and camera
operator and then Chris G Burt was
recording sound for us and we brought
Paul and went and spoke with spoke with
Joyce this morning and she didn't have a
paul was she was just eager to tell her
story and be herself for us and in the
editing process colin patton our editor
had the concept of detaching the
dialogue from the actual face of paul so
logbook was a pilot's license a piece of
paper for the most part when you see him
and hear him it does not in sync with
his his mouth ticket give it another
worldly feel we started to kind of
create her into a mystical character not
necessarily one that was on this earth
of this moment but someone that may or
may not have survived this fire and you
never know when miracles happen you
could find it I wanted to kind of create
a mythical presence to her
