hello guys I'm se from London and you're
watching fun fillory
well today we jumped on the bump again
and we're heading into town to
restaurant that we were recommended
yesterday one of the viewers and we met
her parents home
so with the rice for lunch
this is Tina she's invited us this is
her dad's place and this is amazing food
I mean what are you gone for that and
this is going up bad in pastry this is
banana in them all very Brazilian I'm
very excited guys I found some hot sauce
Brazilians are known here hot sauce so
get some spice on there time for dessert
this is jelly jelly jr. all right we're
having a what's that one do thee this is
pineapple cabbage coconut ginger mint
mint mint yeah this is have some time
yeah
goodbye thank you for lunch thank you
we've wondered across town and we're
about to jump on that ferry and take a
little boat trip across to notorious in
another part of Rio and India we haven't
been on a boat Brazil yet there are a
lot of people getting on this boat
mind the gap
we arrived in Detroit didn't really know
what to expect it's very very built-up
very urban just like any part of the
inner city really we were wandering down
so I find a coffee
that's a priority for me and Darcy right
now it's definitely coffee time I got my
coffee and we're taking a little stroll
down to the speech
guys there are so many mussel shells in
this Beach literally the whole beach is
made up of mussel shells this is insane
I love these oily shimmery patterns in
the mussel shells
this isn't a very stable rock I think
this could fall off
stuff so like it take care
so golly it's often the case so we don't
really know where we're going or what
we're doing so we just follow in the
crowd
there's a short little visit to this
royal but it's nice I'll get back on the
boat love that boat ride there's
something about being on the boat and
having the CAS rushing past that just is
exciting feels like you're going on a
voyage somewhere I think one day I will
go on a voyage somewhere on a boat
somewhere far away I'm gonna head up
chill for a little bit charge your
phones and stuff and then make a little
bit of a plan tonight we're back from
the bus
my dad are heading back into the center
of Rio to try and find a sample night
which we heard about apparently Monday
nights and not a big night to go out
this is what place I've got a feeling we
may have come out too late we're going
to try anyway this is our last day at
Rio my dad managed to successfully books
and tickets today for us to our house
tomorrow we're leaving like lunchtime so
we're going to make the most of tonight
hopefully if we can't buy this sample
thing we'll find something fun today off
to find our Samba night let's go dad
let's go
ah I can cut this way with a man
about this player finger posture or
let's cut with it
we don't know how dangerous this area is
we keep them getting warned not to flash
our expensive electronics around so
I'll be cautious where I'm vlogging well
we definitely found something
we've been walking through streets
completely deserted and then we turn the
corner and there's this so I think we
found our place
the music ended I'm so glad we found the
Samba music is awesome
and I'm definitely coming back to this
place on a Monday night and we've taken
a little stroll around now this season
the surroundings check out this cool
fence coloring pencils how awesome is
that
cheers that
this is turning out to be quite funny
baby
dad what are you saying about these
buildings but wouldn't you like to live
the street like this if the character
displaced in 1897 there's over hundred
years on most of the rooms are missing
is like stage set but the film's down
upstairs two buildings here half
collapsed and it just carries on the
just incredible buildings we just can't
believe they're all derelict and kind of
left in a state of disrepair
we were just chilling on the bus and
then I was like wait I think this might
be our stop and we realized yeah we
realized we've gone way past I suppose
together what a fun night though that's
amazing and we're gonna try and find a
little shop that's open now to the few
little things we need to buy before
heading up to my and we don't to be
rushing around in the morning so that
looks open let's see what's in there
just just walking back just spotted a
little random fire on the floor you know
where there's
I think this might be a little more real
thing maybe someone died there there's a
lot of molten wax right we're getting
some sleep
tomorrow morning we're heading to the
airport and then off to Manaus which is
in the Amazon and I'm pretty excited
about this next part of our adventure in
Brazil
lots of jungle trekking I'm a little bit
worried about internet but I'll update
you guys when I find out stuff see
tomorrow peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
