today I've been recording some videos
some little short clips and today it's
going to be an interesting day I'm
actually leaving Sue's house a little
bit everyone's relief and going on a bit
of an adventure so a couple of my
friends have arrived from the UK they're
on the worldwide trip in the moment and
I'm gonna go down and find them right
I'm leaving
select guys this side their hair Sarah
we're gonna go up enough to fun there
right we've got to LAX please pick up my
friend day this is my friend Dave was
just picked him up I'll talk to you
about later family in all day we're now
hitting the Cheesecake Factory this one
of the worlds and food in the time it's
silly to put my ketchup on my food desi
and arms burger already
yeah
so we just said the Muslim catcher has
big fees at the cheese factory I on
which side I'm so full and now me and
David going to go chill in the hotel and
have a well-needed catch-up we're gonna
try and sneak in the jacuzzi it's past
the curfew time but oh ok we're gonna
hop over we get so towed off you know
that
ah I give us like ten minutes max is the
real duck
ah
thanks guys lady busted me busted
you just got thrown out by the guards
okay so we wanted to get at least half
an hour to 45 minutes mr. community
before we go charts out
Dave's asleep yeah it's something a bit
rushed to their chassis guys much but
basically I just click something up
first
sadly a cool means saw a recall
basically me and Sam were answering and
up crashing at Sawyer's for like two
months we then went to Japan and then
get Tommy back though you know it's only
fair I just got to see a little bit just
let's say I have a bit of space at his
house and my best friend come over for
the weekend this stuff so we just go
into Sears for a week and we weren't
hanging out everyday so with you
panicking a little bit it's absolutely
fine don't worry but now I'm off on
another adventure
so my friends Dave has come over from
the UK we you know you've met briefly
Simon and Sarah earlier who happened to
be doing the world trip so we've all
kind of came together haven't seen them
in like three years came together and
had a meal together it's great and stuff
and then mid day would come
to the Hilton Hotel if you haven't
gathered back and now we're grabbing a
few hours sleep and then we're off to
Texas tomorrow morning at 6 a.m. the
flight is and I'm going to South by
Southwest which is a big kind of
internet Music Conference thing we
should be really something so it's gonna
be a bit of an adventure I'm leaving
Sarah Sawyer is here who's been with for
quite a few months now and I'm going off
my friend day and we're gonna have a
great time and then I'm gonna meet up
with those guys I play this probably but
the next couple of weeks I haven't no
idea what's going on when I'm in a bed
and all of us today as well I've
uploaded a memories video of when I was
14 I had a jungle bedroom that I entered
in a competition and I put some clips
about TV showing on as another video
which you can click through to now I had
a limb is spooky living in this room
