good morning guys
today we are doing something very
special for Raya it's her birthday in
two days and one of the things she
really wanted to do as a house all the
housemates just come to SoulCycle which
is her like absolute favorite thing in
the world so we've just murdered down
here and we're about to head in this is
gonna be crazy we have just arrived
good guys this is Sam you've met before
my vlogs but here's our new housemate
look what they've done for Raya look
good behind there that was that was the
house great but also I just collapsed
halfway through it I just couldn't
finish it was just so exhausted but how
did everyone else find it Raya
loved it all so surreal hey guys how did
you find it Johnny yeah
say loud did you find that super tight
you must be super Italian to do that
yeah you said Vivian you're like is this
just the warmup how did you survive
better than the first time yeah yeah I
think I need to go one more shot so we
were all dripping with sweat but
thankfully we brought spare change of
clothes at a shower now we're going for
a little walk around the market all
poison some eyes bees you've got
everyone birthday go nuts
oh yeah it's also Neelam's birth later
that your birthday today right and Rhys
birthdays in two days
we're gonna be celebrating a lot for
Rhys birthday the birthday girl's
birthday go nuts vegan
I love how well are they begin a no like
yeah of course have you ever seen a
fruit like this super strong smelling
and a lemons now there's like an octopus
we are squatting back to Venice to go to
Takaya which is our favorite Mexican
restaurant this is the biggest group of
people I birdied with it's very hard to
vlog and bed at the same time they
riot we've popped into Ross because
we're throwing a little party tonight
we're gonna make a whole living room
into kind of like a den like you know
you're building a bedroom of sheets and
stuff so we're gonna go buy some sheets
but I also need some new trousers
because I somehow rips a massive hole in
mine and there's like ink blot stains
and stuff and them say these definitely
need to go so this isn't the best shop
to buy clothes but I think I might find
something here and don't know how to
start I think this is the women's
section probably not here I'm big and
I'm tall right I picked it out seven
pairs of jeans or slightly different
fits and different sizes on your try
them on now I think two of them might be
good they're all good brands laughter
they all surprised my definitely dumping
these these like flares they're so fat
on the bottom now I've got very skinny
legs but I think these are a good fit
always got a baggy but
okay be real with me guys are these
jeans cool I can't me tell and like it
totally faded in the top and it's almost
like they forgot to fade the bottom box
so it's almost like almost almost like
two toned jeans but they're a nice fit
but I just think they look a bit weird
okay I picked up some jeans we've got a
rug the living room which hopefully will
work and they've got a bunch of other
things blankets and coffee table and
pillows and stuff and then we've just
found out there's a fabric shop that's
just down the road and soaking for
another half an hour so you can gonna
whiz there and get some sheets because
they don't really have like good sheets
here they're all part of packs with
pillows and stuff see let's do it we are
back I did find some material but she's
in there somewhere
yeah
okay it's Neelam's birthday today it's
the end of her birthday yeah okay and
then why it's gonna have multiple
birthday celebrations in today's failure
great job well it's gone really hard
it's going to critical every necessary
this works
well it's gone 1:00 in the morning
I think getting pretty early nights this
last couple of weeks mainly cuz I
haven't had a lot of videos to edit
because I've slowed the videos down but
yeah I'm pretty pumped we've been over
the last couple of days been working on
a 20 minute cut of the Beyond Borders
documentary house thing I talked about
it in a vlog like two vlogs ago but yeah
we're showing it at buffer festival
we're leaving for buffer festival
tomorrow and then I think they're
following days when stuffs being
screened and I'm really excited about it
it's taking up a lot of my time and
we've got like a few Google help hearing
and Nick's down in Cape Town doing a ton
of stuff but yeah that's been a big
focus and yeah it's been nice even
tonight just having long conversations
exactly kind of what we were hoping for
is this like space and place that people
can gravitate towards and we can just I
don't know it can just be a positive hub
so yeah we've been talking about things
we've been there's loads of questions
been asked night but one of them was
like what's something you're kind of
proud of and I think this documentary
I'm just really proud of so far and I'm
also proud to be part of a team working
on it so normally I'm a bit of a lone
ranger when it comes to projects and
things I'm doing and I feel like this is
a real team effort and I'm just really
proud of what we've made so you guys
won't get to see this for a while until
we release the movie but unless you're
at a festival but yeah you'll see what
I'm talking about it's looking really
good and a big shout out to Nick for
really bringing this together in an
amazing way but yeah so see you tomorrow
morning for our yeah trip over to
Toronto part of me feels weird leaving
because I'm so loving kind of just
creating this
Hubbard community in the house right now
but I'll be back next week and yeah
we'll hang out more with people right
see in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
