yeah today I'm thinking this isn't gonna
be a normal vlog I might just basically
just give you a massive update and and
then we'll go back to some normal vlogs
I'll show you what I'm doing in the
house and I guess where we're at with
our or ton of furnish our house and
stuff but yeah so firstly on the house a
few of you were a bit upset at me I
guess for I don't know maybe abandoning
my dreams of living in a tree house or
kind of the the other suggestions I've
had over the years of things I want to
be doing and I just want to reassure you
that I'm being true to myself right now
and and this is a springboard to other
things I want to be doing my life so I
definitely feel like this is where I
need to be this is right for me yes it's
a very nice house and it's not quite how
I imagined living but it's just worked
out this way way and we've got like an
amazing group of people that were living
with that you'll get to know more in the
vlogs and I want to introduce to you
guys properly because this is like
really what I'm craving right now is
this like strong community people that
wanting to do good in the world and yeah
just yeah just kind of an opportunity to
spend time every day with people for me
that's just gonna be so like soul
restoring and as much as I love
travelling I'm gonna continue doing the
travel videos and just really love that
adventure side of life I also for me
which is kind of probably strange saying
this but the biggest adventure for me
right now is I guess basing up in one
location and having a bit more of an
ordinary day-to-day life just because
it's been so kind of chaotic over the
last six years and I just love that you
guys have kind of joined on that massive
adventure with me and but it's not
ending it's just taking a bit of a shift
and some of you yet just seem a bit
upset about that but I trust me this is
this is only going to help
bigger and better things happen so yeah
don't worry if it slows it loads of cool
things I'm going to build a bit of a
team around me I'm gonna plan bigger and
better adventures and I'm going to avoid
burning out which for me has happened
regularly over the last six years of
kind of being nomadic and down here I'm
actually walking to the coffee shop I'll
go along roots yes so I guess a lot of
youtubers over the last I don't know how
especially the last few months have been
talking about burning out and getting
and mental health issues and a lot of
daily vloggers I know I've completely
burnout and lost a passion for it
altogether
and I just want to reassure you like I
haven't lost a passion for it I'm just
needing to hit a bit of a reset button
you know when your laptop or computer
goes really slow and it's not working
properly and you you know you're just
finding it for straightening you get
frustrated by it sometimes you just need
to reset it wipes they're kind of the
RAM and just all the things that are
kind of slowing the computer down and
then it boots back up again quickly and
in a weird way weird analogy I know but
I kind of feel like that's where I'm at
right now I just need to hit the reset
button it might mean taking a couple of
days out a couple of weeks out of kind
of the daily vlogging routine but I'm
hoping at the end of that that when it
when I kind of boot back up into this
new chapter in my life that and I'll
find things are just gonna be running
more smoothly and my mind's gonna be
freer and more you know I'll have more
headspace and I just want to reassure
you guys as well like and I basically at
the YouTube event last week I was
talking to one of the YouTube execs and
and he was saying let it isn't only the
youtubers that get burnt out it's people
from all industries and it really hit me
I'm like yeah like this can be a very
demanding emotionally exhausting kind of
career but a lot of other jobs are like
this as well and it just made me think
yeah like taking time out for to rest
properly and yeah get your head right
it's very important and it's hard to
explain if you haven't experienced kind
of daily vlogging how mentally can
exhausting it can be I think the main
thing is a Nanna again I'm not in any
way complaining about the life of Hagler
and and do have it it's very I'm just so
grateful that I've been able to do this
and can continue to do this but I guess
what I'm saying is my mind never
switches off - it's always in kind of
work mode it's it's work and pleasure
and life it will all blend into one
where as people that have kind of a
start to finish to their workday just
switch off and then they can relax for
the evening and I sometimes struggle to
switch off is what I'm saying I think a
lot of other youtubers do safely so this
new this new chapter I'm going to try
and kind of build more healthy routine
to my life whether it's going to be like
fitness
just yet I don't know meditation and all
that kind of stuff and yeah I just want
to tell you guys at the alumni on that
journey too and also just making the
right amount of time and space in my
life for the people I love and care
about in relationships and I'd say
definitely over the last few years I've
become a lot more distant to to my
groups of friends and community and I've
really really noticed that and I think
that's one of the reasons I want to base
up and find that refine that community
and refine that connection with a lot of
my friends and new friends here so yeah
don't get worried don't don't don't
think everything's going to change and
if some of you don't want to follow this
next part of my life
with me follow along with me and that's
fine but I do hope some of you will
understand this next this next kind of
shift and this this stuff I'm feeling
and going through and yeah it's funny I
actually was struggling to sleep last
night a bit a bit because a jetlag and
also a bit because yeah I do I do worry
and I do feel a little bit like I'm
letting you guys down
especially that I've kind of slowed my
uploads down and I just want to kind of
thank you for being patient with me and
thank you for yeah going on this big
journey because it's it's it's yeah it's
just difficult sometimes and yeah I
think I was just struggling to sleep
this morning I was just like early hours
and more like 4:30 I woke up and I just
I was just thinking like how
and I just not panicking but just
feeling a bit like oh I just want my
what how am I going to structure how am
I going to share my life in the same way
and and maybe even deeper and I've I
think sometimes I don't fully open up I
don't fully share my inner thoughts and
I do enjoy just showing the beauty and
the happiness of the world around us and
and and the great things that are
happening in the world and in my life
but I think it's well just even just
there when thinking sometimes and how
I'm processing stuff and the new path
I'm on yeah it's not it's it can
yeah it just confusing for me of how to
like portray that how to share that part
of everything with you guys so bear with
me and I think there's going to be some
great opportunities and new formats I'm
going to try it out with my videos that
will allow for this kind of deeper
conversation and deeper thought anyway
moving on I have a massive update for
the Beyond Borders documentary I know a
lot of you have been waiting patiently
the original plan was to have a kind of
a directors car a rough cut by last
month and there's been a lot of delays
it's been there's been a lot of things I
just didn't predict one of which being
me and JP just haven't been in the same
country for most the year so it's been
very difficult to kind of plan stuff but
saying that we have cut together a
trailer which is still kind of a rough
trailer I'm not going to be releasing
this as a standalone thing but I thought
I'd kind of tack it on on the end of
this video just to show you where we're
at we're also cutting together a
20-minute polished cut before butter
Festival next week which I'm very
excited to show people without coming to
that so you're in Turin
or you can get to Toronto for the 2728 I
think it starts do come along and then
Nick who's down in Cape Town working on
it's been working incredibly hard and
we're we've almost got a three-hour part
which I'm gonna be showing a lot of my
other friends and kind of film people
which we're going to try and cut down to
a 90-minute cut and then I'm going to be
pitching for distribution and stuff like
that so I'm going to keep you updated
but thank you for being so patient
thank you being so understanding and
yeah I hope you like this trailer I'm
not going to sign out at the end I'm
just gonna play the trailer do leave any
constructive criticism or things you're
feeling or whether you like it or don't
like it but yeah we'll be we'll be
cutting some other stuff together for
the official trailer but yeah thanks
guys thanks for bearing with me and yeah
peace out enjoy life a living adventure
flying around the world it's been a
dream of mine since I was a kid
the challenge is immense these little
planes weren't built for this more
people have been to space than have
flown a single-engine airplane around
the world it's the day before we leave
do you feel like prepared
I don't feel prepared at all I just fly
the airplane and all you've ever done 16
are 18 our plan for these flights for
hours and hours but nature is still in
charge
I know airline pilots who have done this
little plans you about ready to call it
it's by the time we're gonna die it's
gonna be too late I think those applied
to death behind us can you just have a
look for me please look you screw up is
gonna kill you it's a tough
flying around the world like this we
knew we had an opportunity Europe's
migrant crisis is getting worse by the
day migrant crisis spiraling out of
control I wasn't raised to believe we're
as divided as the media makes out we put
sick people always getting drowned at
five meters from the seashore for the
employees the media how can you judge a
place if you have never been there
before it makes me sad that people who
see a Muslim you think Terry we wanted
to show how connected we all are we
wanted to ask what if we know it's
devoid everything
my encouragement is to say to people to
have this here now feed you
I think we all have the need to be loved
and accepted this is like the basic
human thing
I got all rock more exciting
Kalama nice and so on
Nakano head of the cigar mobile home
service members as they started
you
