good morning guys we are back in Hermosa
Beach house-sitting for our friends
we've been bouncing around the last week
or so waiting until we can move into our
own place which will happen very soon
hopefully also thanks for those view
that booked to stay in happiness bus if
you saw my previous vlogs we were doing
up over in Malibu Canyon a few of you
asked why me and Raya aren't making that
our home why we're not moving in there
and it's because we want to be based up
in Venice that's the whole reason we're
kind of wanting to be in LA Venice Beach
is where we want to be and plug into the
community here also I haven't been
making a lot of content over the last
week because I just want to I've just
been offline a bit and I'm just been
resetting before this next kind of phase
in her life anyway today I've received a
package in the post a lot of you will
remember back in June I announced a
partnership with Intel showcasing their
new 8th generation Core i7 processor and
I had a 2 in 1 laptop which I tried out
well Intel again they're sponsoring
today's vlog and they've sent me a
high-end PC desktop which is kind of
perfect timing because up until now I've
been nomadic and this would be
impossible to travel with and then very
soon we're going to get our home so I
can set it up there I'm ready to open
this up I'm super excited because this
is the first PC desktop I've had in
about 14 years
okay I've unpacked it set it up turned
it on and now I'm going to give you guys
a little lowdown on why this is such a
cool PC so in addition to the eighth
generation Intel Core i7 processor
this also has Intel obtained memory
technology in order to explain it I'm
just going to break down the different
types of hard drives in case you're not
super tech savvy you've got the
traditional hard drives which are
mechanical and there's like a needle it
reads the disk and these you'll find in
most pcs and laptops solid-state hard
drives SSDs have become increasingly
popular they don't have any moving parts
and they are much much faster however
they can be up to 10 times more
expensive for the equivalent space from
a traditional hard drive so this is
locked a memory module that can slot
into your motherboard it's basically
like an add-on accelerator to your
traditional hard drive
by remembering what you're working on
and adapting to what you're doing the
most by caching your most frequently
used applications and content on to the
module and the great thing is it doesn't
affect it when you power the Machine off
everything's still stored on there it
automatically adapts to how you work and
create by copying across you'll
frequently use applications and files
for much faster access it also doesn't
listen the background so it doesn't
interrupt your workflow and the more you
use it the faster and faster it gets so
this particular machine I've customized
for my needs which massive storage and
the ability to edit 4k videos so I've
got like a 12 terabyte drive in there
which is pretty exciting because it's
linked to the octane so I've got access
the speeds with huge storage for the
most amazing thing about the octane
memory module is how affordable it is
the 16 gig version is only around $30
and I think the 32 gig version is like
$60 so for anyone looking to buy a new
PC definitely check that it's got
intel's octane technology fits it and if
you want to see if your existing
computer is compatible and want to learn
anything else about the update memory
i'll link in the description below
ok i'm leaving the machine installing
some software i'll need later I'm gonna
head to Venice Beach hang out with
Sawyer for a bit and then when I get
back I'm going to test out rendering
some 4k 50
I have come down to Venice Beach now I'm
about to meet our Sawyer he's doing like
some shooting a new gimbal he has and he
said I should bring my booster board
around and he's gonna cruise around
after me it is a glorious day
this is your new gimbal yeah we are
having a lot of fun which toy is new
gimbal and we just bumped into Kim he's
on a layover from Canada to Australia
and he's just come from the airport for
a couple of hours here and bumped into
us yeah he's gonna come and hang out how
you like in LA he's trying to keep up
with us on his penny board yeah
Kym's about the heads they're poor but
with being hanging in chat for a few
hours what were you just telling me it's
really inspiring ever since I was like
13 14 years old I started watching
contents on YouTube and then inspired me
to get out and travel and create content
and now I'm standing here Venice Beach
you know about to head to Australia it's
something I never would have thought
would have happened then it's just so
cool to see not necessarily like you
know big popular crazy superstar people
but just normal people creating and
impacting influencing other people and
just making something out of it and
impacting people's lives and it's
amazing yeah that's cool man that's
really cool and I don't know I just for
me like making YouTube videos and Sawyer
was saying the same it's like the most
rewarding thing is finding people that
have been inspired to go and travel or
make vlogs and if any of you guys that
have been inspired like that's that
means a lot for me that's what it's all
about really and also if anyone's in
Australia Melbourne is where you're
going right yeah I'll lick link in below
you can check them out Instagram and if
you like a creative and want to
collaborate and do stuff with them yeah
check them out
that was really cool guys so nice seeing
soya I haven't seen him in a while
I'm looking forward to seeing the
footage he shot and really nice to meet
him as well I'm now wandering over to
one of my favorite things that happens
with Venice Beach every Sunday there's
this amazing drum circle and you'll see
in a second but it's
it's just like people from every walk of
life just coming and dancing together
and celebrating as the Sun sets and I
was chatting to a friend the other day
said like if you want to experience the
true community and Venice this is where
you'll meet everyone and yeah so I'm
hoping this will be a regular part of my
week something I need to do those get a
drum because I don't have any percussion
instruments to join in so I'll just have
to dance
maybe some of you guys wouldn't relate
to this kind of expression maybe it's
kind of too hippy or whatever but I
massively connect I think the beauty of
it for me really is that whatever
nationality where the skin color
whatever religion is like there's this
like global international language of
music or just rhythm it's not even like
music really but it's just this like
playing a rhythm together and dancing
together and no one you might not know
someone's name you know but might know
where to speak their language or
whatever but for me there's just such
unity and this kind of creative
expression yeah just coming down for a
few hours a week and dancing with
strangers and just letting loose and
going crazier than I just love the whole
concepts I'm gonna go and connect Raya
and are we gonna head it back over to
Sawyer's house
that he has offered to take some
portrait shots of me with the nicer lens
so we're gonna sell a little studio vibe
in this house and here get some cool
photos I haven't really done any
portrait shots for a while so looking
forward to it
hey hey hey why are you camera shy you'd
think after like 10 years he'd just be
used to cameras how old is hitch when we
when I first came to LA when was that
like six years ago I'd say he was
probably like four hey yeah cuz he's
nine now I must Wow right we just got
takeout Sequoia
it's our favorite sawyers mattify some
hot sauce for me we were watching this
really cool interior design show
look at me with your eyes
oh I think that should do it
okay I'm back I've loaded all my Beach
footage onto the computer I've been
editing for a few hours and I've got to
say it is pretty incredible performance
considering this isn't an SSD check this
out this 4k footage playback is smooth I
can scrub back and forth without any
issues and even this drain footage which
gives me a lot of playback issues and my
laptop is running smoothly playing back
at full resolution some of the other
advantages of octane are a very fast
boot up time from your computer also
launching applications without any
delays and then as I've been playing
around with here being able to switch
back and forth from very big 4k video
files without any lagging so I'm going
to continue using this computer I'm
going to feed back in a month or so let
you know how I'm getting on and like I
said before you want to know anything
else about obtain of links below thanks
again to Intel for sponsoring today's
vlog and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
