good morning guys it's our second day
getting the happiness bus ready for its
Airbnb listing we've got a bunch of
stuff to finish today which we're going
to be scrambling around trying to do and
then later on we're gonna get everything
perfect finished and ready to take some
photos to put on the listing but first
of all I need to go and put some plants
I'm just putting up these plants that
we've got yesterday's a bit in front of
the bus yeah
sure this hour then we've got John and
Shawn down here this is the deck that
went in yesterday good job John and then
we're just leveling off this area and
some gravel for the table got a hammock
over there just clean it off inside I'll
show you inside in a minute once we get
it all saw with disappearing stuff out
I'm just drawing a sign now saying
happiness bus with a little arrows when
people come up to the Airbnb they can
see where we are I'm worried I'm gonna
run out of space yeah that is awesome
I'm finally getting around to taking
their expedition happiness website off
the side and then we'll have at the
happiness bus I've been meaning to do
this like literally since we started
thanks to have level ground a felony
okay so I'm gonna do a walk-through from
outside it's a little cute dining area
with the plants you have our chilled
couch I can just imagine chill in here
with some coffee in the morning we've
got like a tree stump that's the coffee
table and then this decking that went
down yesterday just cool it all cute
stepping stones to inside the bus and
then once we're inside we've got little
bongos in guitar in the front there a
table in here which can actually fold
down and then this is the couch that can
pull out to another bed as well
got sheeps and stuff stored under there
and then we are in the kitchen area a
working stove so we're gonna be up some
staff do some kicking got toaster
working oven as well I think and then
we've got hot and cold water and
biodegradable soap to use washing dishes
and your hands got a little coffee pot
here French press all the cutlery and
stuff that you might need and put some
pans there's like a rubbish bin trash
can under there I think it up here
there's more kind of mugs and stuff and
then going through we've got full fridge
and top freezer and then in here we've
got a shower beautifully tiled by Mowgli
again hot and cold water we got some
shampoo and this is working that lovely
and then we've got the compost toilet
so I just filled with some fresh compost
so yeah haven't actually used it yet but
I think it's all good and then back here
is the bedroom I've got the TV set up
with Netflix now I've got the little
cool these lights that are over I love
them these kind of hipster lights these
are these are the ones thing these are
all LED filaments as well which is good
so yeah and then and then you can pop
open the sunroof and you've got this
incredible view you're laying in bed I
think that's gonna look so good with the
Stars and stuff so I can just pop up
lastly we've got this area across here
it's just like another little chilly
area with some chairs and a hammock guys
it's time to take some shots I haven't
quite finished the lettering but the
light is perfect right now I don't wanna
miss it so we've got this light golden
stream of light coming through here so
I'm gonna run around take some photos
quickly mainly want to get some Twilight
players with these lights on around the
bus but yeah I need to run around a bit
I've got the wide-angle 12 to 24 and
then the 85 1.4 to get some shallow
depth stuff I don't know if I'll need
this but we're gonna try most of its
gonna be on this lens here what I'm
trying to do is shoot a high aperture to
try and get a nice Sun flare get that
Sun in the picture I like just helps it
feel a lot so Maria at the end I'm going
to show you all the photos I've taken
like a little slideshow of all the cool
ones yeah this is new for me doing like
location
kind of accommodation photography I
don't know what it's called but yeah I
like it
the lettering is done it's not perfect
but I think it will do for now
um yeah it looks pretty straight
weirdly there was a tiny out sign I'd
like it to be bigger really but that'll
do I might shift over a little bit and
this will do for now
you can also kind of see the previous
lettering which was actually slightly
different I've wiped it down but we
might need to repaint if we want to get
fussy about it but I think it works I
think it works yes a final job today
other than the painting inside is
stringing up these lights so I'm gonna
give that a go now the Sun has just set
perfect timing I've got the lights up
what do you think guys basically they're
quite long so they do all the long the
bus and into the tree and then I think
eventually we'll try and connect that
and maybe even string some lights up
kind of around there make a big circle
but yeah I think that's looking pretty
nice how nice is this looking now whoa
I'm just taking some photos inside
something I haven't taken a photo yet is
the is the couch kind of laid out this
is like a bed set II that can be pulled
out so I'm just going to do that now
there we go
the bed fold it out it's actually pretty
spacious oh yeah
yeah you could definitely have two
sleeping on here you guys wanna lay down
the art store where I got the lettering
in today and I still pick up some
unbleached titanium I don't know that
you like cut up at it and that matches
it's basically cream I'm gonna find tide
itself because it wouldn't clean I don't
think I'm doing this right so this is
how muck it is I'm hoping and they'll
paint yeah they're pretty nice
so guys that is the bus done it's
looking incredible me and Raya are gonna
come over next week after the first
Airbnb guests have been in and we're
gonna spend the whole day here use the
pool and jacuzzi which I haven't shown
you yet and we're gonna go on a local
hike and I guess do kind of a
run-through of a day and how a day could
be spent here if you come as a guest but
anyway you've seen how epic it's all
looking and yeah I will link the air B&B
listing down below I'm sure it's gonna
break up pretty fast so yes I would
recommend booking even if it's far in
advance and yeah again any other
suggestions in the comments for things I
could improve and do on the bus this is
really exciting for me and I think this
is the beginning of potentially loads of
cool little spaces we're going to have
on this property so right I'm before I
go I'm just going to show you some of
the epic photos I took today as a little
I guess a montage a little slideshow
great I hope you like those I hope
you're tempted to come and stay and I'm
also on the TV I'm going to leave a
little USB stick in the TV with a
private message for guests that come and
stay and if you do stay as well make
sure to tag the happiness bus on
Instagram and yeah go and check out that
account now as well I'm going to throw
the photos up in there right I'll catch
you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
