good morning guys
I'm up in Malibu Canyon by the happiness
bus and today we are prepping for the
first Airbnb stay we have a lot to do
and we've got John and Shawn behind here
and John's gonna be building some
decking we're doing some kind of
temporary decking I think at the moment
just rustic out of the front we're gonna
be putting some furniture out there like
tables and chairs and then we're gonna
go in a little bit to go and buy some
extra stuff we need like some towels and
like cool plants to buy outside we're
gonna hang some fairy lights and make
this kind of like a little magical area
outside yeah so it's gonna be a busy day
we've got a lot of things to sort out
and then hopefully by the end of the day
will almost be ready I can kind of show
you guys the vibe and what its gonna be
looking like and yeah the mirror is
staying tonight and heading out in the
morning so super super exciting
John Jonas say hi to my video guys this
is John he's gonna be helping just get
the bus ready build the decking maybe a
few other things we're gonna lead them
to it me Riya and Michelle who owns the
property and then we're gonna go meet
Brittany who you've met already we're
gonna go buy some things now some extra
bedding towels bits and bobs we've got
kind of a list we need to go through and
yeah it's exciting it's really really
cool we're gonna put like a little table
and chairs and there and a couch or
something out here and then Shawn's been
hanging these lights we're gonna get
some more of these and hopefully yeah
hanging them between all the trees here
we have arrived at home good so we're
gonna get some of this stuff here Raya
what we're getting some of the French
press this is like a warm-up for when we
get our place and we can come back here
so we get this massive verse I'm so glad
I'm with these girls because this would
be like completely overwhelming for me
of I would be a mess I'd be this stress
now this is my least favorite thing
today so many baskets I mean I'm over
I'm overwhelmed okay we've been here two
hours we've filled up three trolleys
shopping carts just picking pillows now
but the six rows of pillows we found
some a whole list of fluffy
I don't know if I've ever been shopping
and had three shopping carts available
we're in home depot now just trying to
get the last few things I'm exhausted
but I'm excited for when we get back to
the bus these are some shrubs and
flowers and stuff we're gonna put
outside the bus there were some palms
that they were like a hundred dollars
each so we're just gonna slowly I guess
get make the bus better and better but I
think for now these are gonna be great
just adding some color and stuff outside
yeah okay
we've completely filled up this rental
car I don't think we can fit anything
else in problem is a couple of days ago
when I was getting stuff out of their
happiness bus I cracked the TV I think I
was like leaning something up against it
anyway the TV's completely broken so we
do need to get a replacement TV for
tomorrow I'm guessing I can get on for
Walmart for like a couple of hundred
dollars so then we're gonna I think we
should try and squeeze it in riah
suggesting she jumps in an uber so we
can fit it in but we'll figure something
out anyway and then hopefully
momentarily we'll be back at the bus and
we're going to start kicking things out
we just got a photo sent from John who's
been building the decking it's looking
good it's it's definitely like we're
gonna build on it but like it's looking
it's a great start it's a great start to
say yeah I'm gonna head over now and
possibly by via Walmart that short
shopping trip turned into like literally
the entire afternoon and now it's like
late evening is like almost 10:00 but
anyway we pretty much have of everything
now look how cool those lights look up
there and then boom it's now this is the
deck that John built we'll just put a
table on top for now we want to extend
this out and have some other maybe a
hammer and so for and stuff there's also
these cute little sniffing stains
leaving to the bus and the bus is a mess
right now but we're sorting out and I
did get the TV from Walmart so my job
tonight is to try and fit this get this
sorted
we've had a very successful day today
but tomorrow will be the big reveal and
we'll get it looking beautiful get a
bunch of photos done which I'll post up
in the air B&B this thing and its really
really fun I got completely exhausted
shopping but it's all worth it then I'm
also going to paint I got paint brushes
and white paint you still like kind of
clean up here like where this this is
cream or white this might actually be
cream doesn't it show you what I did to
the TV
totally broke here we've got some veggie
pizza it's just being delivered yeah
it's so cute
yeah I'm gonna get it
Missy fast got the TV all hooked up sir
reasonably secure ah alright yeah 140
dollars which i think is pretty good
thing I've ever had a rough food TV
before but I think it's gonna do the job
oh I am extremely tired I'm gonna crash
out now make sure you tune in tomorrow
to see the finished bus all done up and
yeah I'll link the the air B&B tomorrow
where it's all set up and ready yeah
hopefully guys anyone visiting la will
come up and please come stay here a
night and check it out because it's it's
pretty incredible we're gonna have like
a little guest book and everything and
comment below if you've got any other
suggestions of cool things and ways we
could make it more magical anyway I'll
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life the adventure
