good morning guys it's bright and early
me and Raya are doing our morning walk
with you every morning we're catching
some Pokemon we walk down to the pier
there and then we go and get some acai
bowls
this is Hermosa Beach where we've been
staying the last few days and yeah it's
it's been so nice having these mornings
together it's been great as an area I'm
definitely not a morning person but I'm
getting into it I am getting into it I
think for me it's because the late hours
of the night is when I feel most
creative and alive and stuff but if I
wake up and I'm feeling kids I don't
mind getting up I don't mind getting up
ice on my skateboard yeah this is like
perfect for like a beach cruising bike
or skateboards
rides gonna get some roller skates at
some point on me get a house as well so
yeah we're gonna go and get us our bowls
and then we're gonna go back to the
house and I'm going to show you how much
of a hoarder I am I have so much stuff
we're just getting it all ready for with
me we've been to a place guys this is
the acai bowl place that we found so big
look this is median
I feel like the large is like for a
whole family this is our spot that we
just chill every morning watching the
surfers return our phones up in just
just chat without a fee
so good
okay we're back
Agia Michael's house in Hermosa Beach
and they've kinda letting us stay here
whilst they're away and whilst we're
getting our stuff together and figuring
life out I'm really sorry
I gave Michael what I'm about to show
you but this is currently your office
and this is the stuff from the happiness
bus the wonder bug and some suitcases we
bought basically I'm in disbelief right
come look at this
how am i collected we'll listen America
I've always said I am a hoarder
you are I have like three base tables
one of those breaking a guitar just a
bully bowl you have to go through all of
your stuff yeah and we're gonna be
sharing a room mm-hmm
this is gonna go in our bread what you
use what I'm hoping is today I can chuck
out at least half of this like just even
if it's not clothes I'm not wearing we
can donate and give to the clothing bank
or whatever this is actually mental but
it's kind of refreshing I feel like I'm
gonna be feel refreshed not going
through this this is basically
everything of value I own in the world
because I left the few things on the
boom-bust but not nothing important
this is everything I don't know you can
see behind him up there's two big
suitcases anyway I'm gonna set up a
camera in the corner of the room and
probably just go through this for a few
hours so hopefully the end it'll all be
sorted and
it'll be much smaller pile I think what
I'm gonna try and do is sort out clothes
rubbish electronics and there may be
stuff that want to keep on their
happiness buff leather bongos in it's
hard yeah
else I'll probably find a few other
categories I don't know if you guys find
that when you're tidying up do you like
categorize stuff so you know kind of
where to put things because obviously I
haven't go anywhere to store any of this
right now so I'm gonna be repacking it
and but just hopefully scaling down
it is two and a half hours later and
we're almost there we're really like its
final final stages so where to start
I've organized these my drones I have
three broken maverick pros and tumeric
as I think they both work these my hard
drives I'm gonna be backing up very very
soon that's all the vlogs I've ever
filmed guys here we have three laptops
and a iPad and some spectacles basically
this is like computer yeah
computer accessories and phone
accessories we've got like a samsung SA
and a Sony phones bits like that this is
a failed device I've been trying to do
live streaming from anyway pretty much
organized a bit random here we have all
my kind of Sony gear so lenses
waterproof housing tripod random bits
and bobs this is what my GoPro stuff
there's three GoPro fusions only one of
which is working and if you tripod and a
karma grip and then this is all my
GoPros and mounts and battery packs and
loom cubes what else we got here this is
a box of random stuff this is a box of
all my cables and chargers literally
filled to the brim mainly USB cables but
by literally cannot wait to get a nice
kind of shelf in a cupboard and split so
I got that USB C USB micro and mini and
all that stuff and this is literally
crazy a masterful thought this is
batteries and audio it's a little mini
speakers I've got like
what's in there yeah like a zoom H and
Mike and yeah it's a bit battery packs
and radio mics and stuff like that and
then in here I mean I don't if you want
to delve in here but this is like just
loads of stuff like gimble's
and unopened products just so many so
many things
oh my gosh yes so there's still a lots
going through but pretty much organized
it and I really need a room and a big
wardrobe and cupboard to start
organizing this properly but yeah two
and a half hours later we've pretty much
got there I'm missing a couple of lenses
I hope that haven't been stolen I don't
know where they are and I'm also missing
a microphone but I'm gonna keep hunting
they randomly have like four water
bottles as well
Oh anyway it's crazy it's pretty much
everything I own oh yeah and this is so
wait this is all the clothes I own I'm
currently wearing they fit into that
douche bag and then this is kind of
clothes I'm going to donate giveaway and
just random scarves and hats and stuff
the dogs do not know what to make it I
see
hey cheer hey what's going on okay here
we are guys everything I own in one room
that is quite a lot of stuff I really
cannot wait to sell my office have
actual places to store all of this
whenever I need something I know exactly
where to get it which cable I mean at
the moment literally I was just looking
for ten minutes for a certain cable in
here this is chaos absolute chaos so
yeah as I'm aligning my life and finding
myself I think just ordering everything
and kind of getting everything sorted in
my life like physically it's gonna be a
good part of kind of yeah the whole
process so yeah I'm gonna put this in
storage and then when we move in I'll
have the fun task of sorting it off it's
the end of the evening we've had
lovely night I just went for a little
skate on the boosted board along the
beachfront and yeah unfortunately we're
leaving Hermosa Beach tomorrow but we're
heading up to Malibu Canyon and we're
gonna be staying and getting the bus
ready as you saw in yesterday's vlog so
um yeah I'm just gonna have to shift a
lot of this stuff over in the morning
and then we'll see if we can store a
little bit here but yeah I guess I'll
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
