good morning guys
I'm in Cobham it's been a relaxed week
just chillin just catching up with Dave
yes ma'am you just got back from
Scotland yeah Italy very very nice food
yeah I was a bit jealous watching your
stuff it's been nice being back home my
parents are gone away me and Raya a
house sitting for a few days
summer in the city coming up this
weekend I'm excited about if you haven't
got tickets yet and you thinking of
coming down definitely come down we're
gonna bring there the live the adventure
bus it's gonna be awesome
we've got some plans over the weekend
but anyway yeah me and Dave just come
out to grab a coffee this is a really
nice place in Cobham called the medicine
islands it's looking a bit dry at the
moment but this is lovely it's like
another world in it yeah are those
thistles guys see them anywhere else
what are these cold
Raya said goodbye to Dave now me and
Raya are heading into central London to
meet up with our friends Mimi and Alex
it is a ridiculously amazing day it's
been a lot of a great weather in London
recently so this is the best time of
years being here for sure
actually haven't at lunch yet just had a
coffee with Dave so yeah see we can find
something nice to eat Wow
I think this is the Natural History
Museum we walked into the VNA Museum
which is free I'll get it there the most
museums in the UK of three I think
that's also
I have not been here since I was the kid
to the VNA didn't know about this
outdoor area but this is like the
perfect place to come and chill the
water's warm obviously just paddling
around but especially for families with
kids this is like heaven and it's like
the most beautiful courtyard
how beautiful is this okay so we're with
Mimi and Alex where we're headed now
what's the plan okay
dinner okay okay
dinner's ready
this is French tomatoes and olive oil
sometimes the simplest things are the
best in salt
nice a big salad yes tomorrow is your
favorite aren't they oh yeah awesome
thanks guys we just had like such a deep
amazing conversation and it's helped us
realize that that's something we want to
do a lot more of anyway we're just we're
continuing chatting just about our lives
and aligning to what we really want to
be doing and not getting too swept up in
what can easily happen in the whole
social media world and YouTube and
Instagram and all that is that you kind
of get swept up in feeling like you need
to be a certain way or do certain things
and we're quite excited about fresh
start in LA in a few weeks and what I
could look like so yeah it's been bigger
than that
like so calm present yeah yeah I think
that's the key thing is feeling present
and not not being too worried about the
future and not getting too caught up in
stuff that's happened in the past but
like just being present it's yeah we're
going to continue being present continue
chatting and just then we're getting in
a bit of a stroll around London now and
see the sights and taking some of the
beauty yeah
London is an amazing place I keep saying
it but this time of year I'm so happy
we're back it's like so warm right now
night temperatures are perfect like
gonna be a jacket at all
it's been a very interesting week for me
it's hard to verbalize how I'm feeling
and what's been going on and I know as
well often you don't you guys don't want
to know everything that's going on in my
head and the journey I'm on but I
thought I'd share a little bit tonight
it's so the last week's kind of come off
the back of a very intense month of lots
of stuff logging but lot of kind of very
fast-paced traveling which is exhausting
fun but exhausting and also working with
a lot of brands doing a lot of jobs with
tourism boards and you know DJI and
Intel and all these different brands
which has been great because this is how
I earn money but also sometimes it can
become just like on autopilot you're
just kind of pumping our content yeah
I'm a vlogger I'm doing all the vlogs
but and tonight's been one of those
moments where you just kind of pause and
yeah just kind of just think about
realigning everything a bit and
refocusing is better word kind of
refocusing okay what what I want in my
life what do I want to do with this
amazing platform and this amazing
audience you guys what who do I want to
be what I want to communicate what's
important to me obviously as you know
travels always been a big passion and
something that's been important on this
channel and in my life but I think
there's a lot more that I often don't
create space for in my content because
it's very fast pace I don't really plan
a lot of what I film I'm just like yeah
I'll grab my camera go out for the day
and just share bits of my life my
journey warm up to and where I'm going
and and hopefully some of that's
inspiring for you guys and you you
like yeah that could inspire you to
travel or push out your comfort zones
try something new you know which is all
great and what I love about being able
to yea share my life and hopefully
inspire people but I think as well
there's a lot of deeper stuff that I
don't share and it's not as easy to
weave into like these short videos I'm
making what I'm hoping is when and why
is feeling the same and I'm sure she'll
explain a lot of that in her content but
what I'm hoping is that once we create a
base in LA
take technically I'm not moving to LA
but yeah once we create a base in LA and
up and kind of when in between travels
we're coming back to there it will be I
think I've touched on this and some of
the other videos but it will be a much
better place for me to find kind of
rhythm and what's the word like not
really routine but yeah maybe it may be
routine but just a freedom to think a
bit more rather than just being
operating an autopilot and doing what
I've done for the last kind of five or
six years with my content which I'm
enjoying still but it's not as fresh and
as unique and it's not it's not the same
as when I started so I really want to
kind of rethink about okay what's the
message I want to put out there what do
I want to be sharing with you guys what
do I think is important I think is to
start to be able to put together this
documentary and just for a little update
if you have you been asking the
documentaries coming it's still in the
editing process we've had a few delays
but that's happening that's something
fresh and new for me and exciting that
still I'm gonna be putting out but even
this short documentary or film last week
last weekend with you know sharing kind
of stories from refugees that's a big
part for me of looking at you know what
was important in the world what what
kind of stories do I want to share
and yeah what kind of things do I want
to create how can I have a creative
outlet that's exciting for me that's
bringing me life and feel like and a lot
of this has come from the conversations
we've had tonight that the best person
that we can be to the world around us is
being the most true to ourselves being a
most aligned with where our hearts at
what we're passionate about not getting
too bogged down in on feeling the stress
of what we should be doing and you know
what we should be doing and how we
should be succeeding or falling into the
trap of comparison or fear of missing
opportunities or all of those things I
think there's a lot of things that
motivate us in bad ways and how we can
behave in life and what we what we try
and succeed today and Alex actually was
saying to me earlier in a conversation
that you know sometimes we make mistake
of getting on the wrong treadmill you're
you're working hard you're slaving away
you're grinding potentially kind of
searching after the wrong type of
success or what we view often in
societies this is what success looks
like it's hard to describe this to you
as a viewer if you haven't vlogged your
life most of most days for the last five
or six years but it can become almost
like a haze like you don't have the
clarity and for any youtuber and I've
seen a lot of people talking about this
but it's although there's an amazing
side to it and it's incredible and it's
the best job ever is that I'm I'm loving
the life I have but I do think it can
become a bit overwhelming and I think it
can become really hard for some people
and I get that and I feel empathy and
compassion to people that are really
struggling with what how demanding being
an youtuber is but I also acknowledge
it's fantastic in a lot of ways but my
point is I need to switch things up and
I haven't switched things up in a long
time I think I've been a bit scared - I
think I've also felt like things are
working this is a nice you know that I
found I found my rhythm you know and I
think in a lot of ways I haven't it's
very easy to slip back into that rhythm
but it's also become like I said of this
word a few times this autopilot thing
where I'm not really consciously
thinking about the content you know I
don't really plan out my videos and what
I'm going to say and what I'm going to
communicate what's my message today I
don't think about that I just think
about switching the camera rolling and
filming little bits of what I'm up to
and I value you guys that have been on
this journey with me over the last
however many years you've been following
a lot of people have said to me they've
kind of grown up watching me or they've
gone through their teenagers watching me
some of you a bit older but I yeah I
just want to be more genuine and real
and raw with you even like this
conversations a bit more than I eat
deeper than I usually go
hopefully you're up for that journey
hopefully you're up for that fresh
direction and yeah we'll see in the
coming months what that looks like I
think there'll be a mixture of content
and putting out there but I hope to
weave in a bit more of a deeper message
into what I'm sharing so yeah I've been
talking for a long time but this week's
gonna be fun we are preparing for summer
in the city I'm even hoping to actually
in real life have some of these deeper
conversations or some of these deeper
questions if any of you are going to be
at summer in the city would be awesome
to have those sit-down chat so I'll be
chillin on the bus most of the time yeah
it's gonna be great and yeah I will
catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
