good morning guys the GoPro event has
ended we're actually flying back to the
UK tonight but before we do I thought we
couldn't leave without visiting Lake
Louise which I've been to twice in the
winter but never listed here in the
summer so we stopped at the Fairmont
Hotel and yeah we're hoping they're
gonna go out on a canoe I need a coffee
first day and yeah we're gonna try get
some shots and then hopefully get to do
a few other things to start something
before we head off to the airport yeah
this is gonna be really really
last time I was here guys we were
literally ice-skating on this lake and
look at it now is so beautiful all right
hitting out on the kanay sweet see how
far you can get to monopoly yeah that
way okay it'll really put everything you
also get like a really cool perspective
looking back towards the hotel in DC
yeah sweet okay
this almost looks tropical doesn't it
this look like a tropical island water
it's the turquoise yeah the turquoise is
so vibrant like if I didn't see the rest
of the setting and I just saw the water
be so tempted to dive in but we just put
our hand in and our hands always fell
off
who's that cold yeah I'm in or of anyone
that could swim in this temperature
water I'd immediately get hypothermia I
think
the guy at the hotel told us about four
or five weeks ago there was a family
affairs on the green over there as a
mother and two or three Cubs I think and
they were grazing on all the dandelions
and the green so I'm kind of sad they're
not still there but hopefully we get to
see some wildlife
I literally could do this all day we're
gonna crash we haven't really had a day
of rest for weeks now because we went
straight agents into this
we haven't been sleeping something
getting up early morning editing late
and we jet-lagged so because of all that
we like on the brink of burning out and
this morning we were so tempted not to
come out too late Louise we were going
to try to sleep some more and catch up
with all rest
the only reason that we didn't they
always because we didn't have the number
of the lady Susan that's taken us out
today so we couldn't cancel on her I'm
really glad that we came out because I'd
say this is like one of the best things
I've done in Canada canoeing and lately
we've absolute bucket material
before we leave we invited up to the
roof again for those of you that watch
my vlogs like two and a half years ago
when we're here in the winter we came
and saw the view from the roof you've
read not to again yeah this is James he
works to the Fairmont thanks for getting
us some access wow that's amazing
and this is this is Susan from travel
Alberta what do you think of the V it's
a yeah this is insane
hey guys this is where we were canoeing
moments ago we were just down there now
we're on the reef
I'm climbing as high as I can up into
this roof a hole yeah
whoa
oh my gosh guys this is crazy how epic
is that this is insane
yeah sadly it's time to go to the
airport James has been an incredible
host thank you but forget it draw I
think it's a two-hour drive I'm hoping
we see some bears on the dry I'm really
hoping Valley Park guys if you if you
can plan in a trip here to visit Lake
Louise yeah you won't you won't regret
it
with the right back in Calgary we're at
the airport actually slept for a couple
of hours and the drive back here and
we've just been chilling in the lounge
and they're about to board a nine-hour
flight back to London
guys I'm about to get some sleep I've
just come to the toilet to sign out my
vlog I just noticed how the window check
this out look at all that ice down there
you see that
but I know where we are but that is
awesome I'm guessing with near Greenland
or something cool as take Canada down
there Burt I'm ticked off a bucket list
I really want to spend more time here in
the summertime but we're going to try it
organizing trips we were just trying to
season today Travel Alberta so trips in
the future is friends doing slipping
projects and stuff because it's such a
beautiful province of Canada and yeah
Claude's come back but in the mean time
we're going to be back in London and
yeah there's loads of stuff happening
and for those of you by the way for
those of you next month they're coming
to summer in the city I'm gonna be there
Brian's going to be there and also I'm
bringing my double-decker bus and it's
going to be in the convention centre I
haven't really made an announcement yet
but this is kind of like a little
announcement of making the vlog but are
probably like tweet more information out
but if you are coming and I am hoping to
see you there and yeah we're gonna be
spending some time in the UK in the
summer which is my favourite time of
year to be there and hopefully
we'll have a lot of fun all right that's
a good morning
peace out enjoy life
