good morning guys today is the first day
of the GoPro creator summit the morning
we're going to be just doing a few
sessions learning a few things that we
don't know about the GoPros and how to
use them in the best way and then this
afternoon we're going to head out on
some activities and our groups so yeah
let's grab some breakfast get quick
coffee
really stoked about sports my clean
Department sweet yeah it's great to be
here
oh you're jumping on this big colorful
bus and that's good shall I paint on my
boss like this soon hey this is cool
we're gonna go out of the pen Central
Perk onto the trans-canada highway which
is the artery through Canada from coast
to coast
it goes from Halifax on the east all the
way to Victoria on Vancouver Island in
the West
we've arrived at the national park at -
Jack Lake and we're hopefully going to
be going out with some canoes and kayaks
and stuff this is so beautiful
right we figured out our filming I've
attached the GoPro fusion to this like
body strap thing I'm a selfie stick and
I've taped it on here just to make sure
we get some extra support all right
taking this out you ready oh oh yeah
that's refreshing
I'm half expecting like dolphins to come
and swim up to us cut the last hour we
were doing this kind of thing is America
kayaking and take them what would be the
coolest animal to swim up to us right
now
well Ohio and we go straight underneath
and then flip it's like Taylor just far
enough not to splash us too much Oh a
bear yeah this doggy paddle and then we
could just pat him on the head
guys we are heading back in now
the second ago we just had a ton of
thunder over here I think it's like a
storm brewing behind us and we don't to
be out and canoeing it's a still better
dad
all right out the lake we're back of the
bus we're gonna head to a gondola now I
think we're going to go and get some
pretty incredible Alpine views this is
uh this is stunning out there
so we're at the Banff gondola I was at
the head up and yeah I think the village
of Banff is just down there jalapao no
ever last time I was here was I don't
know like go back two and a half years
ago maybe and I was skiing here with
lives like Dave and
okay we stopping food drinks and we've
got this stunning view he's like
floor-to-ceiling windows looking over
the mountains this is insane just been
tucking into some fried cauliflower
it's got coffee
yeah Wow check this place out
this almost doesn't feel real up here
views are so spectacular literally like
we're looking at a painting guys do you
remember when I stayed here few years
ago it's a cool hotel it's so
interesting being somewhere where you've
been before but in a different season
like a different time of year so when
I've been here before it was like thick
snow properly cold and now we're
obviously some bugs it's completely
different like I completely forgot that
even gone I've been up this mountain
before like because I justit's just look
so different of a summer
dinnertime so we left the party I took a
veggie burger to go and we've just been
going for a nice little stroll and we've
like stumbled across literally the most
insanely magical view look at this this
is like Justin a little foot bath behind
our hotel this is actually insane I said
this yesterday but it is mind-blowing
how late the Sun sets so nice it's gone
10:00 p.m. Suns just fading like the
lights just fading it's been like really
bright for hours so I guess it's just a
real gradual sunset we need to be
careful walking on this footpath because
apparently this is the kind of time of
day where bears are roaming around and
we've just seen a warning sign as well
so we need to make sure they uh we don't
stumble across the bear we did get some
advice this morning on how to use bear
spray but we don't have any best way all
right it's time for bed we've had a
lovely evening I'm looking forward to
tomorrow having some more panels
learning more about GoPro and also doing
some cool activities in the afternoon I
think I'm going mountain biking and
canoeing again maybe some other stuff
yeah it's been a very fun event so far
and we're trying to make some plans on a
last day here to try and go over to Lake
Louise and lake moraine with which are
the most turquoise lakes in the area
I've seen a ton of amazing like videos
and photos from Alberta in the summer
especially from like Ben and Steve when
they came like three years ago or
whatever and you know we're trying to
make our way over there for a few hours
on our last morning but I'll keep you
posted about that
yeah Alberto is stunning I'll catch in
the morning peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
