good afternoon guys today is a very
special day we are celebrating Steve's
30th birthday
and we've just arrived at this campsite
area where we're going to be camping out
tonight get some dinner and then
hopefully staying until breakfast
tomorrow but all of Steve's friends are
coming down and yeah it's gonna be super
fun evening are you looking forward to
it
yeah I'm so excited we actually like
weren't sure if we're gonna make it but
thankfully we're gonna leave in freedom
tomorrow now so we can take it
yeah there's no road I'm just driving
across the the grass here to surprise
everyone Mac fryer I didn't even know
you're in the country yes fry oh my gosh
this is awesome
oh yes Dave happy birthday yeah are you
looking good man
I messed up first throw the frisbee
threw it in stinger nails and I can't
even find it it's it it somewhere a lot
of pressure on Louie to find this
frisbee it's 40 people waiting to play
frisbee I'm having to venture into the
river I'm gonna walk upstream to try and
swipe this frisbee wrong you know I feel
really bad if I lost it first throw
we're having a heat wave at the moment
here in the UK in fact I think it's a
global heat wave
I heard LA was crazy temperatures as
well so yeah it feels nice that's really
nice I got to the spot to climb this
little tree but I can't see it you see
anywhere I'm getting swamped down I'm
getting swamped down with the pondweed
bad news can't find it been searching
for about 45 minutes I think I'm gonna
give up maybe we'll find it later on
it's a shame I was looking forward to
some frisbee
in
three night
you enjoying your birthday Steve oh man
amazing yeah what's it like in 30 yeah
first couple days have been good what'd
you get up to
yeah and a nice day for England to win
as well now yeah we just fired up the
generator got some power have you got
some little fairy lights nice alright
oh yes liking those vibes and this is a
block of vegan cheese that we've we've
given him to make some vegan pieces
yeah Pizza time
where's these are for Ben and hello as
well we got our pizzas Oh also been an L
over here how is the pizza insane
I don't think mean L I have seen each
other for like at least yeah like it was
pretty crazy
he's pretty it's nice to see you again
Ella and on this beautiful evening as
well this is like this is like like
perfect me friends just chilling out in
the nature this is lovely
it does it does and then there's a car
over there and they're watching the
Russia Croatia game and they're yeah
right we have come over to the outsiders
field to grab some firewood me and Max
are gonna load up students car yeah that
is it's a massive tree yeah let's do
this load that let's load this in guys
look who's just arrived Alfie yeah yeah
bro say 7s2 what you saying you're good
bro you were right the pizza guys still
here they're making pizzas
yeah we've started the fire we're a
little bit concerned because all around
the fire is dry grass but no not that
concern actually
getting the cake ready happy birthday to
you
thank you to my wife because none of
this would happen it's very very
last-minute communication Alexa came
through and just organized everything
and all my birthday I think watching
that was there's so many amazing people
here and in that video and just
different friendship networks connecting
I just feel very fortunate to have all
of you here and everything that you said
just minute a massive amount so thank
you all for coming together I love you
all and I can't think of a better way to
spend my 30th
it is 3:30 in the morning
most people have gone to bed there's a
few of us around the campfire still
chatting the Sun is actually rising look
till this out oh my gosh and me and Riya
are flying to Egypt in less than 12
hours so we're going to try and get some
sleep and I still got to pack tomorrow
it's gonna be blazing hot when we get to
Egypt apparently some of the areas we're
going to is going to be 44 degrees
Celsius which is I don't know what it is
in Fahrenheit but it's flipping hot so I
need to make sure I wear the correct
clothes oh if any of you guys have got
any suggestions for handling heat like
that we're gonna be out all day like
sightseeing showing you incredible
places around Egypt but I don't know how
to cope with temperatures like that so
let me know I've bought I've ordered
some handheld fans and I'm trying to
find like little some lightweight
clothing but anyway I can deal with that
tomorrow it's been a very fun evening
it's been nice celebrating with Steve
and all our friends and I would highly
recommend this is a an option for a
birthday party just hire a field go
camping with your friends it's easy
isn't it easy and cheap but very very
fun way to celebrate right I'll catch
you guys in the morning
get ready for some Egypt missions peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
