good afternoon guys I am up in London in
Shoreditch I've been having some
meetings it's been a pretty chill day I
do however have quite an exciting
evening planned I'm heading to a
festival it's very last minute I'd
literally just going by it heading to a
festival for the far festival was found
on our and a half hour London and my
friend Tom mish he's playing there
tonight you may know his music from some
of my vlogs he's blown up in the last
year or so I went to see him when I was
in the UK in the summer last year when I
brought my bus to that festival I think
there's a secret garden festival he's
playing there just before Jeremy was
anyway I'm really excited I'm about to
jump in there dooba dooba right anyway
it's gonna be a great evening
unfortunately Roy's not here she's stuck
down in where my parents live in Cobham
so I I'm just going to go my own but it
should be should be pretty fun
okay I have arrived I have no idea where
I am
other than on like an hour and a half
north of London and I looked on the map
kind of Southwest from Cambridge anyway
look literally in the middle of the
countries like this I haven't even heard
of this festool found him he's done in
like a half an hour okay I have my my
bands need to figure out how to get in
there
I found the boys is Tom the main man a
feeling before the gig good man it's a
nice vibe it asbestos real man I just
walked through the main crowd and yeah
yeah it's nice thing you're gonna have a
lot of Sun for my it's good to finally
hang out yeah
in the moisture on stage starting
this noise went off Islamic may provide
Oh
way
are you
it takes on
I don't say
the set is going well comes plates of
bangers
it's really weird listening to a lot of
the tunes I've been using in my blogs
for the last you maybe like five years
honestly I think I was using Tom's music
writers start so yeah it's cool every
tune of my all
Benson
justice really
Big Love Thank You felicity
oh yes but I give them unfortunately not
hanging around for the rest of the
festival although this is this seems
pretty cool I would like to Barney to
get back and Steve has got like a big
birthday due tomorrow so I need to get
that down sorry tonight I'm gonna jump
in the tour bus with these guys and
abandon him down to London jumping out
I'm gonna try and get an uber from here
we're in North London after two hours
travelling back I'm finally back at my
parents house it has been a really fun
evening thanks Tom and the band for
letting me tag along I hopefully will
get a chance to hang out a bit more at
some point whenever we're crossing
parlours again obviously I'm always
everywhere else I'm always traveling but
yeah it's nice to hang out with people
that you have been inspired by I guess I
think Tom's musics always been yeah
something I've enjoyed a lot and using
the vlogs and just it's like totally my
vibe anyway hopefully you guys enjoy it
too if you haven't checked out music
I'll link and below and yeah his new
album is hmmm amazing at the beginning
of the vlog changing subjects are
beginning the vlog you may have noticed
in the rear view mirror that was this
cool VW campervan following and I've
been thinking a lot about camper vans
recently because as you know my camper
van in LA has had a lot of problems with
breakdowns and just spending a fortune
on mechanics and you know it's still
needs a replacement engine and it's just
you know it's off the road pretty much
at the moment I've been looking into
whether I can fit an electric engine
into a camper van or not me personally
probably like get it fitted but it seems
super expensive I found I saw a video
online it's like this American company
it's like seventy thousand dollars then
I found one in the UK
and it's between 25 to 30 thousand
pounds to fit basically like Tesla Tesla
engine in a VW campervan but I wonder
whether there's a cheaper way to do it
maybe with shorter range that's viable
and if any of you do know about that
kind of stuff because it's over in
California right now anyway message me
in the comments because I'd love to get
us sorted when I go back to LA would be
quite a fun project to try and do it
electric I don't know it's possible but
it could be cool
earlier I was mentioning tomorrow is
Steve's birthday party I think it was
actually his birthday today I'm going to
insert a photo here that I posted on my
Instagram story this is really funny
this was me and Steve 10 years ago
changed I think I look the same other
than I just look a lot more youthful but
Steve flipping it he's changed a lot he
has changed a lot anyway so his birthday
party tomorrow we're going camping we're
gonna have an amazing evening together
so I'm really looking forward to that
and yeah then the following day we're
off to Egypt crazy right I'll catch you
in the morning guys peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure they
