good morning guys we are flying out
today to back to London and then like I
said in my blog the other day we're
going to Egypt next week now it's all
gonna very last-minute anyway so this is
the last day in Venice and I was just
wondering for my air B&B we're gonna go
find some lunch and stuff but stumbled
across this little private concert going
on in this place called The Winston
House which I've been to once before
there's like an evening gig there anyway
they gave me a wristband as I walked
past so we're gonna go check out and
yeah it should be pretty fun
we didn't stay long at the Winston house
because there's this little street party
going on down the road so we've just
cruised down here to check it out
this is actually right near where I had
the the happiness bus the big school bus
parked up one of these streets the last
like year so I know this area well guys
look at the entrance to this little
street festival there's like a hundreds
of birds parked outside oh my god
I'm just trying out some candy and
coffee this is Casey this is a local
local coffee er it's pretty tasty I had
a little sip yeah yeah yeah Cheers
just come back to the yes theory house
where I'm storing the wonder bug right
now have you checked my last vlog from
LA it's very kind of them letting me
yeah okay we just have to push it out of
the main parking spot so it's not in the
way for their cars but yeah thanks guys
for let me park here what's to figure
out a plan a few of you were asking in
the comments like what am I doing with
the wonder bug if I figured out a plan
yet I've got a few ideas
one is to see whether the mechanics that
worked in it whether it's covered under
their like plan to like get the engine
replaced because apparently Oh is under
warranty but if not I had this wacky
idea let me know what you think but of
trying to replace the engine myself with
very little mechanics training or
knowledge just by following YouTube
tutorials which I think that'd be pretty
fun
it might be quite fun to make a video
series of me me trying to do it myself
but I just need the time to say have to
have happen later right jumping in our
uber to the airport
I just saw the most comedy thing ever I
wish I could have filmed it but I had my
bag pulled aside for them to search it
always happens I've got so many
electronics anyway the person next to me
had their bag pulled aside and they had
one of those Russian dolls you know
where there's like a doll inside a doll
and salad doll anyway
joy was making him open every doll and
it was like okay can I see inside that
one opened it
obviously there's another doll okay can
I see inside that one opened it another
doll it was just so funny to watch I was
like this this could be a comedy sketch
honestly anyway we're through now
because we booked this so last minute we
haven't got vegan meals in the flight
unfortunately and we're not even sitting
together which sucks but I really want
to try get some food before we get on
the plane I thought I saw a gate when we
checked in
that was a long flight guys just landed
in London it is 27 degrees Celsius I
don't know when I've ever like landed in
London and it's been hotter here than it
has been in LA I'm pretty excited even
though the flight was tough I was in the
middle C and that all right
it was rough it was rough yeah I will
let you guys know what to leave the
airport and go through customs I'll let
you know what we're doing here this week
and we had the option of staying in LA
and then lines it straight to Egypt's
but we decided to
top-3 London
okay we have arrived in Richmond
we're gonna grab some lunch with Dave
and his friends and yeah hopefully go
for a little walk by the river make the
most of this amazing day hey then Dave
give us a little update what are you
doing in life in the moment you guys may
know Dave's been doing a lot of projects
over the last year or so in the woods
with huts and all quite exciting stuff
but we did the year in the woods that
was great made a little film about it
then the last video you made was when he
came to the cottage yeah Scott
when was when was that like January
early January after the ski trip and
then had six months in the cottage which
has been amazing an amazing learning
experience but long story short has
helped me realize how much I loved the
original woods I looked at five other
woodlands I've looked at lots of
different places and I wasn't you kind
of get a little bit even though you're
half a mile from any other building it's
like a little bit of a disconnect from
the nature and when I am there that's
what I want now so the Year experiments
over I'm not living there anymore but
spending two three days a week down
there slapped my office basically nice
yes yeah loving it yeah come back down I
noticed some of your audience in your
comments were like we do in Dave Louis
that what's the plan here and I I think
it's really interesting I think you and
me both working this way that we're not
scared to experiment and figure out
direction
yeah and that's something I would
encourage everyone to do in their life
is like don't be scared to try new
things even if it is just for a little
you know like the cottage right
they wouldn't have figured out that he
wants to go back to the the first
Corcovado woods if he hadn't tried the
cottage route and scene of that would
worked could have worked out yeah but
it's not a not a failure that's what I'm
the way I see it anyway lighting right
so we we gained lots of new like friends
in the community that like cafe that I
go to now the farm next door the who I
get all my fresh food for him every week
now that I didn't know before we had
some chefs come we did a lot of open
fire cooking I learned what it's like to
have politics with neighbors which you
do not want when you're trying to have a
relaxing inspirational space
and then I tried five other woodlands
out and then realize know that woodland
I've got is literally one of the best
you could ever hope for so so not only
do we go back but we go back with all
that knowledge of like how much we
appreciate the simple things basically
so now I can't wait to get stuck back in
yeah nice and if you want to find out
more obviously go to Dave's channel
check out some of his videos he's been
vlogging the whole experience and his
movie made last year which was pretty
awesome as well I'll link it below it's
good it's good to see I don't think I've
seen you since we do this otherwise I
don't get is from yeah there wasn't much
chatting on the cycle right either it
was just pedal mania I don't know if I
told you guys this but I have been
suffering a bit since really yeah so we
were in Poland and we walked down this
mountain it wasn't even long walk and my
knees I felt like an old put I was like
hah below that ah it was like I did
something and also three of my toes are
numb really I've had some issues with
that actually I've had some issues with
my toes good now guys any cyclists or
athletes out there know anything about
trapped nerves and like numb toes to two
months baby oh my no sane no no in the
morning my game morning yeah Oh
interesting why don't we let mine in
though because we're wearing similar
shoes that look hard cycling shoes you
slip in anyway guy innovation bro it's
because we were recumbent yeah I don't
know what's going on but I hope it's not
permanent or we just get home
did you spend time in London and haven't
come to Richmond I would highly
recommend this so beautiful we can get
little rowing boat you may have seen in
some of my vlogs before we've gone
through a little boat cruise but this is
one of my favorite spots in Richmond
this little cafe under one of the bridge
arches and this is really nice little
outdoor area do play yeah I'll get a
little DubLi my girlfriend's managed to
convince me to come out on a few runs
and so I can I'm willing to do it we
stop here and have a cookie and a coffee
and halfway as you know there only needs
a beer yeah the cookies good boy I enjoy
they do
a big surprise today look who is in the
country the same time as me so kind we
were nothing repeat we've been hanging
out I saw Ben last I guess and paper
yeah Vince had a rough couple of months
and they mention we have each other as
much we have come for this place and
cover might pop into whenever I can yeah
what's the thing in this place this is
called the juice Smith and it's just
like heaven yeah yeah I just had other
clear that way but I just had like a
little spicy soup and a pad thai and
then have like a nice kind of bean
burger but this is like but it's very
hot I'm not complaining it's very muggy
in the UK right now the way it's
sweating now in here we're gonna go for
it up stroll I'm gonna get a taking out
coffee and yeah just enjoy Ben's company
and dream together and chat about life
yeah man yeah yeah serious serious
yeah if you're not up-to-date with Ben's
life and some of you might not even know
who's Ben is but we've been that long
but yeah check out our link his blog
below and obviously it's channel yeah we
don't weekly on the videos nice man
sexy as someone warned your fs700 yes
yes okay nice and also check out Ben's
passion project his merch a lot your
t-shirts man yeah you have yet I'll grab
that
I'll grab the later
okay I'm back at my parents it's nice
hanging out with Ben what's for dinner
dad this is lentil pasta which 100
percent mental yeah and then like
veggies and then falafel para like a
meatball okay okay nice and it's a
really nice summer's evening it's
already pretty late like gone eight
maybe that eight they and yeah one of
the things that I enjoy most about being
back in the summer and having like
home-cooked meals and my parents this is
this is really nice right I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
