good morning guys
it's day 8 of our North Korean trip
there's a little bit more surface so I'm
hoping it's afternoon off for lunch we
can go out and get up on the boards so
I've just had my mind blown a little bit
apparently we're gonna be able to get
internet access to our bedrooms I don't
know how fast the interns gonna be I
don't know there's gonna be like
restrictions whether I need to use a VPN
to get into Google and stuff but we know
one thing it's not way yeah I think it's
just a cable I don't know we'll figure
out I'd still don't believe it until it
happens I feel like this is the first
time in a week that we've been able to
just wander off he's easily we're having
to stay pretty close to the guides you
know there's a lot of military
patrolling
nakai tomboy no way the real guys is
this what I think it is
I mean it sure looks like it right that
it's illegal here I think is right well
that is a cool little spot up there I
think we found some little areas to do
some more the music video we need to get
a few more shots of lane and miss Kim
doing some lyrics I'm gonna get some
shots of me beatboxing and then we're
gonna be starting all together like
super fast different locations some
b-roll from some of the vlogs
it's gonna be nice just some casual
dining video
we're back from lunch might have a
little afternoon nap but before I do I'm
gonna get the internet working and I
have bad news guys there's no Wi-Fi I
think the only way is through an
Ethernet cable and because I thought
there's going to be no ins now you know
I left my Ethernet adapter in Beijing
with the rest of my stuff so this cannot
connect my laptop so I might know about
it isn't it after all that it is finally
time to go surfing they're not big waves
but they are just about surfable
this is the exciting
latest caught his first-ever wave
instead he's been surfing in Costa Rica
before and really found it hard but he
got it
these guys found a few jellyfish check
these out
there's a blue one this is the one that
we found in a sea yesterday it doesn't
sting here but these guys probably stink
and then it clear one look at that we're
saving the jellyfish
it's swim oh my gosh all the water did
it die no way your life yeah do you see
that this swimmer is like starting to
swim a little bit yeah wrong way yeah we
need to get yes right there boom okay
we're gonna do another surfing ceremony
Hawaiian ceremony at this hotel we did
one at the other one the other day so
we've got all these leis and we're gonna
be presenting them to the Korean War
guys that we have been lovely company
and they've just been amazing at surfing
so yeah
all right we've just climbed up this
little hill again and we're gonna shoot
another scene for the music video yeah
man
oh yeah this looks sick did you go guys
some more ganja pretty sure this is it's
definitely some strain of it oh yeah
it's such a beautiful sunset tonight
guys ah it's just beautiful it's been a
great day today even though I've been
resting a lot of the day it's yeah the
sea is just so warm this is like my
ideal sea temperature right now it's
dinnertime
Oh
it's been another great day surfing and
we've had a few little waves but I think
the main thing is that it's just being
for me it's so good to see the guys we
came out here with and the tall guys
like Miss Kim who on the first few days
was very professional and there was this
kind of yet this professional barrier
and now it's just super fun and you know
this water fights with splashing and
pushing you to the river and I was like
Damian with dreads over and face today I
just think it's great that with really
everyone's loosened up from where we've
really built some good friendships with
these guys and I'm actually pretty keen
on coming back here at some point the
future is so good because there's no way
am I staying in touch and there's no
Facebook obviously no internet there's
not even emails or there's not even an
internet from number or text any way of
getting hold of people here so I'm gonna
just have to come back and hang out
right we've got the very early start
tomorrow tomorrow I think so last full
day here surfing so I'm gonna make the
most of it catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life lived adventure
