good morning guys and welcome to VidCon
I'm very excited about this year I've
realized this is my sixth year VidCon
and yeah there's a lot going on today so
we're rushing to have a meeting right
now and then I'll show you around the
Convention Center meeting went well I
just got my first coffee of the day and
pretty excited about this and we are now
heading to check out the Instagram
lounge that was the that was like the
YouTube diner I love this massive giant
play button this is so good the new
Instagram TV app was launched yesterday
I think and I would love to know from
you
what kind of content shall I uploaded in
vertical format on Instagram I do the
stories it's just my handheld phone
Claire's little snippets of what I'm up
to birth this is like long-form I think
you can upload up to 10 minutes at the
moment and I think they're going to
expand it to maybe an hour long so what
kind of stuff do you think would work
well vertical because yeah I can
typically enjoy shooting landscape I
think that's the more traditional way of
shooting but people are consuming more
in verse boys which is why I guess
they've launched the app but yeah let me
know let me know what you think and I'll
start experimenting this is cool inish
lounge feather sounded like though this
is the Instagram TV tunnel on the walk
tweeters balloons as well
okay Raya what's going on YouTube great
she's playing the game she has to answer
these questions and if she could if she
answers yeah three correctly right yeah
then she can pick a prize out of this
like vending machine yeah get it okay
this is the main ballroom I'm here for a
panel on how to make better YouTube
videos let's see what they tell me
so a channel needs to have like a
specific audience like a lot of people
make is well I just want to make these
types of videos and they can't throw
apps and especially good news is that
what you said yeah so like who is who is
this channel going after okay guys I've
come back to the happiness boss Helene
Rachel and the family okay we've invited
some other people to come check the bus
out Liza's here okay welcome to my house
yeah check the bed out it's like a
memory foam I know not my sight this
works no don't check the bed it's like
that whole back area dude you guys you
guys are living this dream and you can
like pop there you can like see the
stars you can watch the stars if you put
this right there this is like the most
romantic
it's so crazy
look at this flame breath this is their
this is the poor this is the Elam must
flame pros you bought this online right
can I have a go yeah and then you're
gonna push this right in okay and
they're gonna pull the trigger to make
it a little bit okay well twist this on
to turn it off twist it back off
and you have a little candy she's just
okay there we go
and now just turn it off yeah
have you ended a new net so no no no
one's gotten hurt
no it'll turn a filter on okay Liza's
first guy of the flamethrower how
amazing is this wall this is like a
chalkboard but it's sequence and if you
push them up they're red and pushing
down it's like the other side of the
secant line I like it right under the
YouTube side
I got fun fluid down here
welcome some people back to the boss
what do you think Alex
I like an Iran what does everyone think
of the bus so we all go on an adventure
in this guy
oh the place of the hora we have found a
petting area where there's puppies
what do you think of the puppy
that fresh puppy smell one of these
puppies like ready to be adopted I say
you want
puppy in LA that could be your puppet
that buddy said we're in the cage with
the puppies now
I have to keep
there's like two parties right now and I
don't care
ohmygosh is the world's biggest
inflatable
should we go in okay
okay we are arriving and the official
YouTube party for VidCon three parts
yeah
yeah in a while that's nice well we're
gonna plan a trip soon
are you excited for VidCon this year
yeah
the party was amazing I kind of lost my
voice from shouting cause it's so loud
in there but who I with a bunch of
friends it was so nice we're heading to
another party now and after bye okay
what was this thing
nice okay so I'm having a hydrating
spray
well that was a first I feel very
hydrated a little badly done in between
to my skin baby
this is what I really want to check it
out massage as a party we've left the
second pie and now we're heading to a
third party
yeah it's a big night
we're back for the night it's been an
awesome day I've really enjoyed catching
up with all the friends who bumped into
you there's a load of other people I
haven't seen Casey flew him for the day
and he's already gone I think it's here
but yeah I'm looking forward to seeing
more people tomorrow showing more people
the bus hanging out there I've also been
networking loads today guys with awesome
brands that I will keep you updated on
but yeah hopefully cool trips and brand
deals and all that kind of stuff like
the business side of YouTube it's been
fun and yes some of the seminars and
things we've gone - it's all been a lot
to take in anyway I'll catch you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
