good afternoon guys
we are on day two of our cruise and
today sponsored by MSC Cruises and yeah
we were at the launch event yesterday
and we are literally right now leaving
to Noah and yeah heading out to the
ocean incredible this is a massive
massive ship to make parties events all
together
it's good
how cool is this Riya faster-moving hard
hey Jesse
there's a big party going on to
celebrate oh I was leaving the port yes
the guys this is the first this is the
first cruise then this ship's been on
it's like the inaugural voyage
there we've just been hanging our
important baby
this is where we were yesterday playing
on these water slides and stuff and we
are now going to do something really
exciting we're going to go on a zipline
see these cables above the whole cruise
ship we can do yeah we're gonna zip line
across the ship and again do I use the
camera to get the shots we saw some
people doing it earlier it looks really
fun the helmet fits oh it's never fit me
we found this spot on deck to watch on
sunset and we've got like a little
picnic they brought out some mocktails
for us it's pretty cool spot
I love the matching dresses Riya and
even a half
they are fake did you buy them together
so good a big hand is cold are they
under stove and just got the look she's
stealing the show
Ashley would lick oh you've arrived for
some dinner first course is arrived
we've got some some sushi some I think
this is a cucumber and avocado sushi I'm
gonna wait for my miso soup as well the
main course was delicious we've now got
dessert served I am waiting for my
sorbet that this also does look pretty
delicious
yeah the facial expression says it all
there's the perfect ambient music - II -
Nick Nick go Bret give us your best
dance move come on just a little one
just a little one yes we've finished
dinner
we're heading to bowling I haven't
introduced Tony Prince John introduce
yourself some of the other influences on
the ship we've been hanging out a lot of
nice yeah
I'll link their channels below they're
actually gonna you're staying the cruise
right so we're with we're disembarking
tomorrow but they're staying on for a
few days that they're going to be
stopping on some of the state but we'll
keep up today with what you're doing
stories over wherever you're gonna place
them right where this is like the casino
area we're walking through this ship
I've been lost I get lost for this like
multiple times a day oh this no idea
realm is so big we've arrived bowling
bowling this is cool you take photos
with different emotions and then it pops
up on the screen like if you get strike
or it's done she's convinced everyone
that man's a pro bowler come on she is
I need some tips the next time I go
bowling because I think my technique is
terrible so you can comment below like
some just simple instructions of how to
like throw the ball in a straight line
that'd be really helpful I feel like
it's just a total gamble can be honest
like who knows maybe I'll hear maybe
I'll get in the gutter I want to be
confident I am NOT confident that
bowling somehow we've ended up in the
casino we've got ten dollars each to
spend or ten euros I just lost one of my
euros somehow I don't even know what
they're doing like this these machines
are so confusing no I don't know what
that means well that Kevin rice first
guy at gambling
what the Frick are you so good at
gambling what the Frick I love gambling
wait how much is that huh
47 euros sorry this 108 arrows no joke
sorry I didn't win us with the money's
prize the breadwinner booty first night
at sea I honestly cannot tell them on a
ship right now it doesn't feel like it's
swaying you can feel a little bit of
motion but I think it's such a big
vessel you can yeah it's pretty stable
yeah it's been a fun day and yeah I
think we've got the morning and then I
think we're coming into Naples and we're
disembarking in Naples about lunchtime
so we're gonna try and make the most of
the morning have some fun and yeah we're
gonna go on exploring Italy for a few
more days so um yeah I'm excited
I'll catching the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
