give money guys I'm in London I flew in
here yesterday from LA and I've come for
the YouTube creators for change social
impact camp and I'm about to head down
and meet some of the others and before I
do I'm just gonna have a look in this
little bag that they've left for me so I
think there's some presence in here
cover the cool books little notepad
maybe I'll take that down to take some
notes today and we've got like it's like
two and yes I turned a bit days of like
cool networking and workshops and
inspiration I've been to similar events
to this but this is the first time I'm
attending as an official ambassador for
the crazy change initiative to say I'm
pretty excited and got my water bottle
pop stuck at my phone Wow look at this
changer yet that is really cool thanks
YouTube all right I am a little bit
jet-lagged I'm gonna head down and grab
some breakfast and then we're gonna walk
over to the YouTube space which is quite
near here and yeah start the day I'm
excited it's gonna be good ok I've got
my coffee just met in the lobby
with all the other ambassadors from
around the world
thank you another we've got people here
from all over the world people travel
really leading on this Australia and
Brazil all over the world so it really
really want to thank you for making me
effort in taking the time to make the
journey as creators the future creators
you have this amazing opportunity this
incredible gift to use your voice to
push this article and that's really
fundamentally what creators of change is
all about collective voices of this
group in this room and of creators on
YouTube do have the power to shift a
generation and create truly lasting
social change
if repairing the waters our
responsibility of every human being
everything I went through okay we've had
the morning session it's kind of
fascinating especially the women that
talked who used to be part of the
Westboro Baptist Church which was this
and still is this extreme kind of super
extreme Church in America but I remember
what watching documentaries growing up
about it was kind of crazy anyway so she
was talking about her kind of freedom
from that and then realizing you know
how she grew up with this in this bubble
of hey and you know it's fascinating
hearing that convergence away from that
anyway now we're doing a little workshop
we just
break and yeah I'm feeling good having
had a bit more sleep and rest over the
last few weeks I feel more able to
engage and feel a bit more present and
there so yeah it's cool and meeting lots
of cool people as well
we're just sitting out for a small group
I think this is my fourth coffee of the
day I'm really fighting the jetlag now
yeah we've gotta split into a little
group for an hour just to learn about
each other's projects yeah we're trying
to come up with a plan for some content
like a video around the the topics that
creates the change are focused on but
there's Senna phobia or racism or
homophobia stuff like that so yeah I've
got an idea
looking I'll let you guys know that it's
soon but we've just had a little
discussion groove and we've been helping
each other with our ideas and
brainstorming together which is super
cool and it's cool to be able to input
and help others with their struggles and
planning stuff and so anyway head over
there now we've been resting in our
rooms I've actually been editing some
vlogs we're now heading to dinner in
this bus
it's an old Routemaster bus which is
pretty cool you know I'm kind of
obsessed with buses because everyone's
up here
how you doing good you have a good day
it is really nice in London we've been
cooped up all day and yeah it's just
such a lovely evening
the biggest I think I go as far to say
am I asked you be summertime
right I've just finished editing and
I've touched my laptop down there whilst
it's rendering I'm gonna go outside and
get my other views over London this is
incredible
welcome back to the Subspace for day two
of the social impact camp thank you for
joining us this morning on that you guys
all made it I'm sure some people are
gonna struggle and a little late but
we're gonna take the day off with our
final set of skill building sessions so
if we pull those up and we got in a
packed agenda again today so make sure
you guys are drinking coffee and seeing
alert and a wave okay day two of the
craze for change summit I've decided to
wrap all into one vlog guys because yeah
it's been hard to just kind of blog a
lot and it's all kind of one event so
I'm wrapping it together first up today
I am heading to learn how to combat
extremism I don't know how much I'm
going to learn but yeah it's a difficult
difficult topic the issue of extremism
and terror is recruitment is something
that's evolved over the years obviously
but it's become so much of a much more
significant threat than it ever was
before
I loved the white supremacist extremist
movement in the United States 23 years
ago I was 22 years old when I left but I
had already spent eight years from the
time I was 14 years old
as
America's most violent hate movement and
also the first neo-nazi skinhead group
in the United States first of all I
gotta say I'm super humbled to be here
because this is a room that is
representative I think of what hopefully
most of us want to see the world is
really changing people's minds seeing
any constructive crisis many also
it's such a pinnacle alva knowledge
behind us with trump briggsie and you
know everything is happening in the
Modi's India and all these countries
around well it feels that with I feel
like right now more people are headed in
the right direction
faster than ever before but that's also
because there's not a large balance so
it's like we're all wait in the right
way
can we go fast enough and far enough
behind us so let's see in these several
times please allow me to vouch for mine
bitter taste in my mouth spit it out of
the rhyme a oh I'm losing my religion to
tomorrow's headlines grant animo
sorry broke man nothing's fine and I was
post 77 what equality that they'd find a
link it to New York luckily all under
attack from the same big bad guy but
it's taking a piss because the truth is
terrorism isn't what you think it is
I know youtuber you get really lonely
and your friends don't understand I
don't like guessing because it's new and
uh I feel pretty catered for this
opportunity to impact an immeasurable
amount of people in a positive way
doesn't end with this program it'll
continue for a long long because
pursuing your YouTube career and beyond
and sighs and don't forget that and
that's an exciting incredible thing the
event is over we've just come down to
Shoreditch of dinner and I've spoken
with my mom who works down here
how's your day been
we just had some drinks and some of her
work friends and yeah now everyone's
just arrived in the in the Routemaster
bus this is the bus we were in last
night we're gonna go in and here mingle
a bit more we're doing this like mirror
mirror on the wall color wise it's like
a photo booth but it's a mirror no oh I
did a second ago but the way you have to
keep posing is on photo guys I like that
weird reckon about the dreads down style
with that hat guys check this out
there's a bullpen this venue a massive
massive affair
there's something really read but about
this great old dog the doors North again
laughs people of the world backgrounds
and faiths me this is like a microbe
example of life what we should be as
humanity together loving life together
dancing together
okay I'm back at the hotel I am only
gonna get three hours sleep before
having to get up again at 3 a.m. and
catching an uber to the airport for a
very early morning flight to Italy I'm
gonna take a few days probably to
process all the stuff I learn and kind
of thought about over these last couple
of days because there was so much to
take in it such a rich couple of days
with such a an amazing diverse beautiful
group of people and yeah I definitely
think this is the best YouTube event
I've been to and yeah if you're watching
thanks so much YouTube thanks so much
for the team to put this on and the
different teams that put this on and
yeah I'm really really excited to be a
part of creates for change and I'll keep
you guys posted on my plans for a
specific video that I'm going to be
creating for this campaign it's gonna be
not like a normal vlog it's gonna be a
longer well it's going to take me longer
to shew in a different format so yeah
I'm excited to try something new
anyway ie I'm gonna sign up now and I'll
catch you in 3 hours
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
