so guys we are in the Maasai Mara in
Kenya and we are on a hot-air balloon
this is gonna be a pretty epic 360 video
The Sun has just risen and we're keeping
an eye out for animals we've already
seen a herd of elephant have a look
around
it's amazing check our shadow over there
there's another plane and there's
another plane over there somewhere is it
still there let me see that behind us
hoarsely what
however Gazzara yeah guys you have got
to do this you ever get the chance do
you ever come to Kenya I'll link it
below but it's the one for the only
bucket list
yeah we spot some hyena some topi Impala
yeah guys look over there not on the not
on the far Hill but they're closer
look down we're pretty low now
look at the tree line over there you can
see there you basically can only talk in
between there
the Bernanke's is so loud we also our
direction is determined by the wind so
we can't like aim towards animals lion
look down there that car and then look
to the right of it that's where the line
are how many line are there two three
three it's three lines sitting you might
have to see they're quite far away we're
landing
yeah okay we're up again we're off again
let's just keep going
