good morning guys I'm really excited
today as you know we've been struggling
getting furniture for the house over the
last like almost two months of moving in
we've been slowly doing it anyway like a
few days ago maybe even a week ago we
found this gem on the Facebook
marketplace this guy that imports stuff
from barley like this natural wood stuff
and last night we went over to his
hookah bar in West Hollywood and he's
just the whole venue is filled with all
these beautiful pieces and he's like yes
all for sale so we picked out a ton of
it rented a u-haul and brought it over
here and we've started unpacking the
u-haul I want to show you some of the
pieces okay
so let this is the vibe carved out one
piece of wood this is like a slab this
is called like wood slab furniture where
they like leave the rough edge on so
it's like a section of a tree and then
check these coffee tables out to this
out this is epic and then some wooden
chairs like this we've got two more of
these come in but so all of this is cool
but the main thing that we'd be needing
is a big enough dining room table to
like host parties dinner parties and
this is the temporary one that we found
which is like 50 bucks and it's kind of
made of plastic and it's not great and
then we found these chairs on the street
have you watched my blog so anyway we've
got an 8 foot long single section slab
of wood like this thick it takes four
people to carry it and we can bring it
in last night so bc's got some friends
coming over we're going to try and carry
the table out
me let me show you it okay the reveal
check this bad boy out
BC this is madder than that I swear to
you it's gotta be over 500 pounds it's
heavy basically like one of us couldn't
lift this end no way in these two people
each end
four people carrying it and that's like
hard to carry and then should we get
this guy out first okay there's this
table with this again like epic like
rough edge wood table we're gonna try it
oh yeah these are their these are the
legs these are the legs for them the big
sale oh we need to make sure we got the
right screws I've got somebody standing
there good enough screws
so this one thing we bring it out
diagonal and then we shuffle it around
that way and then straight shot so heavy
so so heavy okay and Marv has arrived to
save the day we've got four of us now I
think we're gonna be able to shift there
we made some moves there one two three
thanks bro Wow
made it we're neighbors that sir yeah oh
so we flipped upside down these are the
legs we're gonna screw in and then it's
gonna go here oh yeah is this your first
time here man it's nice pad in there
whoa thanks mister okay guys I'm rushing
now to return a u-haul truck that we use
to shift all the furniture I'm just
chopping it up you lose pretty cool it's
like 20 bucks for the day to hire but
then it's like $1 per mile but then we
only drove like maybe 12 15 miles or
something so it's pretty good deal
pretty good deal okay on the walk home I
just want to show this cool clown place
this is the this is one of the plants we
want to get this cool don't know what it
is it's like a doughnut plant Isis guys
let me know in the comments but it's
super beautiful their flowers it's like
growing up that lattice I'm thinking we
could put on the roof
this is what I won the whole house did
it like just just like a paradise it
plant check it oh my gosh this is
honestly what our house is gonna look
like in a few months okay so we need
some screws to screw these legs in here
and we're looking for big enough screws
basically that are gonna snap because
the guy we bought it off said he snapped
some screws in here before so we need to
go find some pretty chunky screws and I
thought this is a good opportunity to
take a scout out for a walk you want to
go for a walk buddy he's in the house a
lot so I think this would be fun scout
I got some screws from the hardware
store big chunky ones and they are
already there placed ready and I'm gonna
screw them in there yeah it's the one
we've just got some lunch delivered and
likies arrived natasha and jayjay guys
if you don't remember these guys they we
met them in Greenland on a world flight
trip and they are in LA right now so we
thought we'd catch up
just got to kaya for lunch and we just
oh yeah also look at these extra sofa
pieces for the couch that we got so
we've got an extra three for making a
full use you shape will you recommend
get 15 people up here okay yeah they're
perfect for planking yeah we're gonna
try and do a movie night for Halloween
we're gonna get projector from
downstairs and like we've got a
projector screen set up here and then we
can have a bunch of friends over and
we've ordered a cool outdoor rug and
some cool cushions and stuff slowly
getting there
we just come downstairs again to try and
screw on the legs to the table and even
though he got the chunkier screws
possible when we was screwing them in
the wood is so hard it just snapped the
screws what the heck
right back at the hardware store these
are the type I had earlier the wood
screws but I've just come over here and
got these steel screws which are gonna
be a lot stronger and then I'm gonna
pre-drill a little pilot hole first the
right thickness and then they should
they should work fine
whoa the drill is actually smoking
burning in and burning the make up you
see it yeah we we've almost there we
just need to shift their lil bit that
way and then Roy I think a lil bit
further that way
we've just arrived a fun event tonight
at the YouTube space marko and alex the
vagabrothers have invited us to the
premiere of their new youtube series i
think it's with tasted whose it we've
tasted taste made taste make the place
yeah the series is called budget versus
baller i think and they've just been
doing a ton of traveling and yeah making
like this proper high budget
professional series so it's gonna be
cool okay it's basic versus bull or not
budget this is billa boy yes bro how are
you looking this series is going on
YouTube
TV's tastemade Channel right right so
you can't just watch on normal YouTube
yeah so YouTube TV is basically like for
people living in the United States get
charged a lot of money for television
and YouTube TVs with the cost skinny
bundle which mean 50 channels for 40
bucks and of those 50 channels you get
three that are digital first companies
like tastemade theaters and like
basically if you get like a smart TV you
can you can get the app or it goes on
your phone so it's similar to the
YouTube app but you can like like for
example if I won't you watch on your
phone no no yeah you can okay for
example this is I like to watch CNN so I
can go through all my different things
you can watch on your phone if you've
got an account with YouTube TV okay yeah
like you can start the show from the
beginning like there's a bunch of stuff
like box that shows chase me that shows
and you basically just go down you can
watch the Dodger game part some note
from Anthony Bourdain and there's all
these great shows on here and yeah it's
like on demand but you can also watch it
posing by the YouTube sign
there's these tiny vegan hors d'oeuvres
I think these are pretty good
films about to start soon we're just
gonna do a little squad fire soya has
shown up yes bro it has been forever
you're looking swags out this is your
new Italian style man is this all from
Italy I like it I like it
Anjali okay I guess a right squirt
fighter yeah hey guys love and a little
brotherly competition so we're crossing
the globe and putting our local trivia
skills to the test to see who spend in
24 hours living like a baller and please
this is basic person balling yeah did
you have fun tonight how's it dude it's
good I'm surprised it like came together
really nicely yeah that's good it's
always kind of a scary thing to do
something where you'd let go of the
creative control on the editing
decisions but it came together really
nice yeah it was a fun episode man I
can't I can't wait to watch the rest
thanks for coming on yeah we are back
that was an amazing evening so cool to
check out what the bagger boys are doing
also guys look we we set up the table
with some of our chairs and this just is
blowing me away just how cool our house
is starting to look it's getting there
it's getting there
I'll keep you updated anyway yeah I'm
gonna get some sleep and catch you in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure they
