good afternoon guys I'm in Santa Monica
few of us just grab some lunch and I've
just come down to me Cameron and another
guy who said they were on the Rings so
we're gonna try and find him now is a
beautiful day here in LA and feeling
good feeling good it's been nice having
a bit of time off the vlogs and just
chilling and and sleeping well and
eating well and yeah tomorrow we are
gonna get a flight to Las Vegas and
we're gonna go pick up the Wonder bug so
we can have some adventures in the
wonder bug so I'm excited about that
it's bouncy maybe there tonight let's go
okay we've had some fun on the Rings
climbed up the road just be chillin in
the Sun it's been a fun day this is
surreal yeah she's a new friend of mine
and we've been hanging out we're gonna
go back to Venice now on the birds it is
super busy today it's like Memorial Day
it's like a bank holiday here in the
States so yeah a lot of people out and
about I think we're gonna yeah I think
we're gonna cruise back to Venice it's
like yeah this is fun feels like we're
on holiday
guys I'm trying something pretty
difficult here is vlogging whilst on the
bird yeah this is this is not a stable
way of riding this
yeah we didn't actually find birds to
everyone so we're still trying to find
some available once Mariah and our other
friend Rebecca upper I'm just going for
a little cruise last week us we're
looking okay we found some more we just
dropped by the Airbnb grabbed a banana
and we've also grabbed a board game that
we recently got and we're bringing it to
our friend's house to play board games
we're a bit obsessed how good is this
board game okay so we are sitting down
to play a board game this is my new
friend Devin as well lots of new friends
okay if I explain what this game is this
is the game we're obsessed with
basically you get this is a map of
Europe and you have these little train
cars and you're gonna get a route so for
example connecting like Madrid in Berlin
and
and you have to like I'll explain to you
guys now but basically you have to like
connect the two cities we found out
about this board game in Cape Town Nick
and and chat it so yeah thanks let's
play
we have arrived for dinner agnya
michael's house they're not too far from
venice and yeah and we thought it'd be
nice to catch up we haven't seen them
since south africa so and they've cooked
a nice feast for us and we're just
having lovely evening together
thanks nice to see you guys again yeah
oh yeah oh I said away all right
dessert time what if we go okay hashtag
not sponsoring best vegan ice cream on
the market right now mint chocolate chip
and maple and how is it Ryan really good
I think we're late yeah yeah yeah okay
Oh give you my opinion in a minute is
this for me oh this is a fitting song
for hours eating ice cream right now
keep these dogs are if this dog ate chia
such a good name okay guys my favor I
think has to be the maple ice cream is
so good and it's actually not bad for
you I think it's actually pretty healthy
so I've made out of coconuts and stuff
it's been a lovely evening catching up
with Aggie and Michael and yeah just a
brilliant few days it's kind of amazing
like when I was walking home the other
night just chatting about wanting to
connect with community and then
literally the next day like making three
new friends and just yeah just realizing
I don't know sometimes things just fall
into place when you really are kind of
looking for them so that's how I felt in
terms of like connecting with people and
dreaming together about what living
together and community could look like
here in Venice so yeah anyway it's been
a great couple of days it's been a great
Memorial weekend and yeah like I said
earlier tomorrow we are flying to Las
Vegas and getting the Wonder bug and I'm
excited to be reunited I will catch in
the morning peace out enjoy life let the
adventure
