good morning guys I am in LA I arrived
yesterday I'm in Hollywood and today is
the buffer festival la buff festival
just a one-day event as you know they do
like an annual event in Toronto ver this
is the first LA based one they've done
and I'm going to be premiering my or MIT
meiner JPS round-the-world Beyond
Borders documentary trailer which Nick's
been working hard on down in Cape Town
he's been working hard on the whole
documentary about the trailer we just
got together over the last week I don't
know where this is gonna be the final
trailer I put out to everybody but it's
super excited to show it and
yeah I'm headed there now
so there's like an industry panel event
happening now which I'm going to do a
tour path and then meeting up with
Breyer is a bunch of other youtubers and
creators here and then tonight at the
kind of red carpet event where we're all
gonna be showing our things have been
working on and that's where I'm gonna be
showing the trailer so I'm still gonna
be until this evening but yeah I think
things are kicking off in a minute I
think I'm actually doing like a
discussion just may be interviewed about
the documentary I think that's the first
thing that's happening the first thing
of the day which is Michael
I think this is where we're doing it at
this theater
guys this is the auditorium where we're
going to be doing everything a nice okay
we're going onstage this is drew he's
gonna be interviewing me not at the
point where this is like the most the
biggest kind of dolls my life reels like
I need I need to do this it was like
really scary so like like what
okay that's a lot of fun I was just
saying today the guy it's doing me I
could have I could have just kept
chatting for like an hour I think when
you when you're talking on stage about
something you're passionate about it's
very easy just to keep going and
I prefer kind of winging it in
situations like that but yet hopefully
that kind of stirred up a bit of
interest and excitement about the
premiere later on and
chill now do some editing and then
hopefully meet up with them Riya when
she arrives in four hours Riya has
arrived she's been in Palm Springs for
the last like what three days yeah yeah
she literally just arrived I've been up
in the room just editing getting ready
obviously we just got dressed up because
we've got like the little red carpet
like press interviews and stuff and then
yeah and then the main events there
because I'm really excited
I saw your attorney
okay so we've just been doing some free
red carpet interviews with the press is
just doing one now it's like a selfie
present
the team seemed like a random about
religious here and as long as like 15
overall and just talking about us
Beyonce and I was like I hope you like
something up our lesson on many more
different and I have a little time and
it's just something that I don't think
even like talking so much trouble me
what's different about Allah let's go
there's so much
we're in the intermission Ryan's video
with amazing guys and I think it's gonna
be on their channel when it's going to
be a new job
okay hopefully by the time this stuff
harlequin low I'm apparently I'm like at
the beginning of the next
after the bright year the next section
I'm quite excited to see everyone
watching it I'm also gonna film little
clips for you guys but I wanna read the
whole thing so
a little teaser 500 it's been a dream of
mine
the challenge is immense these little
plants were nervous if the ice deserts
and massive oceans it's the nine
communities develop
a lot of you that want some exercise in
my youtube channel so I got a blood
libel as well about we kept on the juicy
bits back to the documentary a lot of
the more internet quite rapidly from
within oh yeah it comes together well
it's quite exciting working on something
and this is a format like what we need
to do to use that right event is over
jumping in and over to the after-party
we have arrived in this amazing and
likes action in the Hollywood Hills
we're really excited in yet and they are
like serving like tacos and this this is
heaven you're excited
Tory were you happy with how tonight
went in the first buffer in LA this
morning I was like walking on Hollywood
and Vine yeah it's code to see when do
they get to I don't even want there's so
many shot things like wow guys guys look
at this amazing view over LA it's
downtown we'll sell it quite spied over
here there is a hot tub and I think it's
on right now like it's not hot but I
think this little section at the end of
swimming pool is a hot tub imagine
chilling and the hots are looking at
that
it's been a really cool day it's
definitely the beginning of something
for buffer here in LA and yeah so cool
to be a part of it and I was really
excited to be able to show you the
trailer which I will show you guys soon
but we still need to work on it a little
bit and they also need to figure out if
we're picturing the documentary two
different platforms like how does it
work with the trailer but maybe the
trailer will be cool just to put out
there and get people excited to get you
guys excited yeah I got some good
feedback tonight it was it was really
nice to be able to show some fresh eyes
and yeah some people that didn't know
about it at all so they were yeah they
were excited right get ready for some
adventures in LA I see in the morning
peace out enjoy life Libby Adventure Bay
