good morning guys is day is it day 18
stay 19 I think yeah I'm feeling a bit
rough but today is our final push down
to the close the south coast of Spain
we're currently in Ronda and beautiful
town Ashley and I haven't got to explore
it much but I'm going to come back here
and yeah my bikes had a bit of a revamp
this morning apparently all the spokes
have been tightened because I buckled
the other wheel the other day so that's
been swapped out and yeah she's ready to
go and then tomorrow morning early we're
catching the ferry over to Morocco so
that would be the official end of the
trip but today feels like the final day
really because it's the biggest cycle
and yeah other than feeling a bit
destroyed I'm feeling good oh yeah I
need to show you of them I've wrapped my
ankle here because my achilles tendons
really really hurt
all right because it's time to go
scored rolling out finally oh this is
the biggest squad we've had in weeks
hola
Oh
well it's difficult
I'm not doing too well today guys I'm
really struggling my body's just
shutting down feel like 50% of health
got a really bad throat and flu just
fatigues but I'm gonna keep pushing on I
think that's quite there the uphill
basically yeah to stock up a mountain
before we in post down yeah
Oh Robbie managed to grab a little
coffee in that town down there
apparently we just spoke to a cyclist
who said the gradients uphill it's
couple of miles aren't too bad and that
we're done most of the bad stuff which
is I'm so relieved about and then
there's a lot of down the hill coming up
which yeah it's gonna be so good
how you feeling today Andy my tea I was
just waiting to the last possible moment
without making everyone angry I was late
for breakfast you've been doing any
livestreams today
and he's been doing a lot of
live-streaming on Facebook you still
need to make your page public some outs
of other big consumer
guys I think this is the last big hill
of the day oh I think it's been one of
the toughest morning's to me I was not
expecting this I think a lot of this
down to expectations like for some
reason I thought it is almost all
downhill but then yeah I mean up here
this morning oh I can't breathe very
well cause such a congested right barely
speak
Oh Donna puss tonight I'm really amazed
by how beautiful these Spanish mountains
are
I've never been to this area before and
have no idea how crazy these little
villages
guys who just pulled over this is the
lot the very top of the last peak check
this view out this is just stunning and
you see this windy road down there I'm
guessing this is where we'll be coming
down in a bit oh my gosh
alright guys doing it introduce yourself
to my vlog
Calvin and Yan they're from Malaga and
they came and said hi last night and
they've just been I guess they've been
like a second support vehicle today
mainly doing some like little video
clips and photos and stuff I thought
this would be a cool photo spot might do
like a little yeah I haven't gone just
with all of this cycling it's really
hard to film and do photography like
it's kind of I'm spending all my energy
cycling so it's been yeah it's been
different that is insane oh my god that
is
yeah I'm using my my helmet-cam which
have been doing a livestream dog I was
just doing a live stream it cut out
because there is an out it 1.5 miles to
lunch coming in for the final downhill
whoa dribbling
I've just had a delicious lunch had some
pasta and avocado and lentils and
feeling kids I'm feeling fueled up ready
for the last 30 miles down to the post
got roughly when they rough to sort out
a little issue is having with my gear
selector yeah yeah seems to be nice yeah
we didn't get far we've stopped for a
little coffee and a coke I think this
afternoon's it's gonna be a pretty slow
progress getting to the coast and he's
just stopped for a beer having stopped
what five minutes ago you stopped for a
kite down the road okay six to seven
minutes we've still got over 20 miles
the guy voila but yes relax
taking in the views taking our time I
need so I my fright tonight I need to
get some cough medicine
guys look at these amazing like stalks
with these humongous nests can we get up
here or not just go through yeah we made
it guys al-jazeera's
the southern tip of Spain
sorry nna we're almost in Africa
tomorrow we'll be in a 14 mile
can't believe myself with this all the
way here just checked into the hotel
they sell told us if they lock our bikes
outside to the railings across the
street which is not gonna happen they're
obviously gonna get nicked so got to
sneak him in I just managed to sneak
purpose up the stairs I've done a hell
but here he hasn't stopped st it's gonna
put it in the room you'll be fine to
figure out this lift isn't working we
found somewhere for dinner in this town
it's a big place as well which is rare
for Spain and I'm really happy this is
nice you enjoying the vegan food and
Alicia's because ever come to Algeria
out al-jazeera's no Jazeera's you need
to come to this this restaurant that
food was incredible
come here search that is that my name of
the restaurant I think it is yeah anyway
yeah the delicious guys just incredibly
steaks so much food I am back in my room
I'm gonna get some sleep now
yeah I'm tired and tomorrow we are
crossing to Morocco to complete the
cycle to Africa we're taking all our
bikes on the ferry with us and we're
gonna cycle into Tangier and just yeah
it's gonna be it's gonna be an amazing
feeling having reached another continent
but anyway I'm gonna try and recuperate
a little bit sleep and yeah I'll see you
in the morning for the finale peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
