day 5 of the trip and episode 3 I'm
making vlogs every other day because
it's so intense being on this trip and
we're the last people to leave me Dave
and Andy and the rest of the group have
gone but I just needed that extra sleep
I am really suffering like the pain is
kind of subsided but it's just so
exhausting I think my body is just
desperately trying to repair the muscles
that I'm building like mainly my thighs
here it's just yeah it's the biggest
physical challenge I've done but we are
like halfway through France which is a
big achievement and we've got a short
50-mile ride today we just did two days
in a row of like 90 miles which was bit
too much but I've done it I've done it
and I've done it all on this
a big town's beautiful tender style much
better leaving to later in the morning
I'm not down with a a.m. starts
we made it probably half a mile and and
the unfortunate he's got puncher in his
bike and so we pulled over we're having
to look at it now and thankfully the van
is on its way back we've got an
emergency group
what's up Group say send out an
emergency message and and they come and
do save us oh my god face complete
you're lucky you didn't go through the
outsider room
alright the cavalry have arrived we have
covered so much mileage however you can
even measure what we've done in miles
yeah we'll get your ruler out we've done
12 Senate meters today thanks boys so
we're here for ya bloody get it
I reckon learners and their
you're right that's weird doesn't look
like it no the end
bless it's just under the surface you
know man and then when you put pressure
on it he's weird
so Dave lost his flag which is pretty
vital to be spied on the road so he's
pretty stuck there instead I think it's
quite an ingenious span Dave yeah thanks
see you see you see it tomorrow probably
any of my washing but finally my sock is
dry yeah I just keep alternating on my
clothes yeah here we go everything
thanks man see you at lunch
strawberry seemed to take this on there
I agree yeah we're going on some random
backcountry form
hope you read
this road right here
this is it
we're doing okay it's nice that we're
squirting up the three of us I think
we've done almost 15 miles today already
this feels nice I'm sure a lot of the
guys that left at the beginning of the
day of probably already a lunch but I
don't mind it's nice to keep it my own
pace what I don't want to do is exhaust
myself in the first five days and then
and then not be able to complete the
trip so I feel like I'm pacing myself
well little coffee and beautiful French
village we're a third of the way there
22 miles actually a little bit over a
third of the way just made a little
crisp sandwich how you guys feeling
right we've reached the official lunch
spot all the others are long gone we've
just gotten a little bit more to eat
we're not gonna hang around long you
didn't find any I saw I think that's 20
should be right I'm putting on the Sun
cream as much as possible because he's
very hot
guys the most incredible thing has
happened
the most incredible thing okay so I
don't know what town we're in what's the
name of this town in France this is
Millie and Jack who live here and
they've they spotted the other guys
earlier coming through and saw that they
were British and found out what they
were doing and offered to let them come
chill at their house have some beers and
water and stuff a little pit stop and
they had a little sign for us as we came
through we're like half an hour behind
the other guys and it's been amazing we
just had some coffee some water thank
you so much Millie this has been such a
lovely stop and we're just getting our
main water but was topped up now it was
like a mirage it was like are they
hitchhiking are they selling tea no
they're here for us it's very morale
boosting is I feel like we're ready for
the final leg now this is the little dog
this is their hot tub look how big their
hot tub is probably actually just a
swimming pool but I like to imagine it's
a hot tub
okay wait out with the rest of the team
we're in the hotel for the night
unfortunately a thing when you let these
guys go out for dinner without me yeah
honey we're just trying to figure out
when we're getting the ferry tomorrow I
think it's just a cheeky little ferry
across this little stretch here
all right the others are walking down to
the beach and this is the sacrifice you
have to make sometimes to try and get
videos uploaded it's been a bad week for
me guys one of my worst ever for
actually getting videos done
yeah I think ideally in the future I'll
sit this loads but I probably bring an
editor to join on a trip like this so
they can chill in the van and then in
the evenings like catch up some sleep I
think my body's not used to working this
hard it's desperately trying to repair
its need sleep and good food and stuff
but I just you know it's hard to you
know to catch up and pushing it every
single day but I'm getting resilient I'm
feeling like I'm pushing through pushing
through that barrier right I've got my
I've got my nutribullet I'm gonna make a
smoothie now for dinner and I've got
some other cool stuff like quinoa and
stuff
I stayed in editing I'm almost done this
is a pretty lengthy process I'm doing
time lapses with the fusion at the
moment and I figured out the best way to
do it but it's taking a while I think it
will put in the legwork now then in the
coming weeks when I'm trying to edit it
I'll be faster bad news is I found out
that in FB up in five and a half hours
realistic I'm not gonna be sleeping for
at least another hour so I might be
getting like four hours sleep and then
just like looking for another 80 miles
tomorrow which is really bad and then we
can't even take the following day off so
I've got two more days before we can
take a day off anyway hopefully I do all
right I'll see in the morning peace out
enjoy your life live the adventure
