good morning guys it's the day before
the massive cycle ride I'm doing and I'm
feeling really nervous I don't often get
nervous I'm not often worried by things
in life but this is this is a massive
this is a massive feat a massive
physical challenge and you don't know
what I'm talking about I'm tomorrow
morning 8:00 a.m. I'm cycling this bad
boy with a bunch of guys down to Morocco
and it's gonna take us 19 days well
that's the plan
it's like other Nile over 2,000
kilometers or like 1,600 miles isn't it
crazy anyway I'm definitely not prepared
physically I think I'm I think I'm gonna
do all right but I'm just worried about
the how much time how much ever
hammering my body's gonna take and also
kind of energy levels but anyway we're
going we're going tomorrow and I'm I'm
getting them almost prepared well I mean
not physically but I'm always prepared
with my gear and stuff so yesterday's
vlog we were just kicking this out we
still need to make a few adjustments to
this and we've got the helmet cam which
again we're still figuring out I've got
a few more things arriving in the post
today just some last-minute things some
more padded shorts
I may even might take a nutribullet so
when we're in the hotels and hostels and
stuff I can make kind of protein
smoothies I just got this delivered last
night so this is a kind of vegan and
protein powder I can put in it's quite a
lot there thankfully there's a live like
a support van driving with us so we
don't have to carry all of our stuff I
have attached these panniers to be back
these are kind of bags I can just put
some stuff in but I don't away myself
down too much oh and look what arrived
today is a custom live the adventure
flag so this is important just so he can
then stay visible when on the road but
yeah I'm gonna be plowing on through
today just
to kind of get ready prep stuff for some
clothes yeah child room with batteries
that kind of stuff and yeah I hope you
guys are excited it's gonna be a good
little series it's gonna be a good
little adventure so before he left South
Africa last week I was getting some
last-minute camera equipment from an
amazing camera shop in cape town called
orbs if you live in Cape Town and
haven't checked them out you need to go
check them out so anyway they wanted me
to check out our new products they have
in store and it's the new Joby
Gorillapod but there's something quite
special about this one I've been using
it for the last couple of weeks mainly
for live-streaming because it's kind of
got a mobile phone mount but anyway I'm
going to show you it now and tell you
what I love about it and yeah let's have
a little look so there it is this is the
new Joby Mobile rig so obviously you can
use it as a tripod and you put your
phone in there actually let me go and
get phones I can show you on there so
this is my samsung s8 and I haven't got
the s9 yet but this is my favorite phone
for live streaming on YouTube at the
moment the quality is pretty incredible
so anyway you can securely mount that
and there and then either use it as a
tripod or he you can use it as a selfie
stick but the coolest thing is guys on
the side here there's two extra ports
for additional attachment arms so these
just screw in here so check this out
right so you've got these two extra arms
and then it also comes do these little
attachments which you can add onto the
end of the arms I've gone for the
hotshoe on here and then I've just kept
the regular screw mount on this side and
you may be asking yourself at this point
why do you need two extra arms when
you're using a tripod so I'll show you
this is a loom cube this is an awesome
little mobile light and you could use
this or any any mobile light that you
can basically mount on so check this out
so this means I can film in lower light
conditions and this is yeah I mean it is
very very bright and it goes up like ten
levels and then with this hot shoe mount
on the other side I'm gonna mount this
rode mic this is a video mic Pro Pro
this is one of the smaller mics they do
and maybe I can lose this dead cat just
to show you the mic itself because it's
actually pretty small so this mic is an
incredible
shotgun mic and then I got an attachment
which means I can run this into the
phone and this gives me the normal
stereo jack to this phone jack
connection once you plug that in that
gives you such an amazing pro setup for
filming high-quality mobile phone
content so another option is you can
mount your microphone up here on this
hot shoe and then maybe switch this
mount out before a GoPro mount and you
could even have a GoPro running whilst
you're filming or streaming on your
mobile phone so in my opinion guys this
is an incredible incredible piece of kit
and I cannot wait to start using it guys
check this out I just put the fusion on
this rig as well so now I could live
stream off my phone and film a 360 video
at the same time this is awesome I think
this might be the best mobile blogging
rig I've ever seen okay guys I've had a
pretty busy day me and my dad went to
visit my sister Hilary and my niece
indeed are pretty nice we then went
shopping and I bought like a ton of food
for the trip I don't know you know I
just my main fear is I'm gonna be not
have enough calories trying to get those
four thousand calorie today so I don't
really know what I'm doing but we'll see
I was thinking like if I eat like an
entire jar of peanut butter everyday and
look this is like three and a half
thousand calories just for that so maybe
maybe that's a plan I don't know we've
got a few other deliveries I've got a
nutribullet I'm going to try and taking
the mini bus so I can make smoothies
every morning with my protein powder and
yeah my dad's just cooking some the food
how you do mum yeah
I'm gonna sit down gets but maybe we
need to move the bike off the table
we're gonna eat this is how messy I'm
guys this is bad isn't it
IRA eating outside again because there's
no room in the kitchen nice this is soy
mints guys are is it does it taste meaty
it's substitute other things a bite off
of that mushrooms and carrot onion yeah
oh yeah both something I'm having some
real problems figuring out its house we
get my phone here I'm trying to stick a
GoPro mount but I can't find the right
connector to stick that on there GoPro
mounts say I'll have to pause for a
moment my dad's just called me outside
he's am gonna solder some pipe together
to stabilize the the main GoPro fusion
pole
that's you guys do not filter
a little silver round there oh yeah it's
trip through yeah fun nice okay guys I
finally figured out a way to mail my
phone figure out the positioning so I
think this is my natural it's my natural
sit position I don't it another too far
down I take my eyes off the road
that's the phone holder now and so I
know guys you think it's funny that
we've taken over the entire house as a
workshop as a very necessary yeah Matt
just everywhere is like this is
literally where like when I'm not here
this is all tidy this is all organized
and then I arrived and literally this is
this is what happens to my parents house
by every time I just don't know you
don't mind do you dad making a little
slot for cable tie cable tie goes to
train that goes into there bolts onto
that pop it there yeah Oh gonna grind a
bit of an angle there and we can just
kind of cable tie this around there yeah
totally guys what do you think as a
future series on my channel or on my
dad's channel or both of us doing
projects like this thanks gang a
workshop space and making things
together what do you think I think
they'll be fun I think they'll be fun to
watch I think are we very fun whenever
could be fun to make fun to make times
and we can just like I enjoy problem
solving as well this is all really fun
so we just taped all up here yeah this
was the copper pipe guys and we've just
you've just missed it
yeah I'm so quickly BAM ice ruin is
solid and I'll take the tape with me in
case that gets damaged who's yeah looks
like it's a few parlour bike now that's
cruising on top it's gonna be
unbelievable footage though yeah this is
great enemy this is a very like we just
checked guide and this is an amazing
aerial shot what's that mean
we're taking the bike for a spin with
the fusion
connected unfortunately some way it's
like the middle of the night but
I think would I think this is gonna be
good okay Louise off so it's better
cycled in Africa as well as about the
first I know the second time he's ridden
this machine
that's fast so what's it like raising it
out of ten ten ten if so I gotta have a
great guy just so I'll be very careful
all right giving my dad a little go have
fun
Oh
oh I tripped at the cabin ahem elbow
hard all right let's try this again and
he's off yeah
you think just cute stable guys I'm
gonna go to bed now I am exhausted I
haven't quite finished but my dad's
gonna just stay up and help figure out
the helmet cam exhausted injured and
then I had a little fall and yeah I just
it's filming I don't I get very clumsy
when I'm tired anyway heading to bed on
the pack in the morning which might be a
bad idea but I'm just eat ice pack now
and yeah we're heading off see in the
morning
peace out enjoy life little adventure
