good afternoon guys I have made my way
down to coven three and I is my dad it's
been a while
Wendell oh I see months ago yeah I got
it over down from London this morning
had all my bags I'm gonna try not to
mess up my parents house like I usually
do when I get back and yeah we just
thought it'd be kids go and get some
food and hang out my dad's on his easier
holidays from working at school and
we've arrived at the doof Smith which is
this my favorite place in Cobham to eat
it's like a vegan health place it's like
delicious guys check out this food pea
soup this is a chili bowl with like
lentil Chili's stuff and quinoa and this
is like a vegan protein milkshake with
like almond butter and stuff in it which
I'm looking for see how's your avocado
it's good so yeah I'm happy I'm happy
bunny guys I've just got a little
takeout brownie and now we're walking
down the high street there's a few
things I need before I head off on the
weekend one of which is some trainers
and my dad they're probably not probably
not my style
my dad said he spies some of the charity
shops so we'll check them out I need to
actually write a shopping list of things
I need really there's a few things I'll
show you these gloves that arrived and
we get back to the house I got these
cool gloves because I've heard they were
important when you're cycling for long
distances otherwise you get blisters on
your hands guys check these out actually
yeah that's a good shot blue is a good
shout there's like blue I wasn't holding
out much hope when you mentioned them
but actually these looks pretty good
yeah no not those okay yes I'll try
these other thing okay the plan now is
I'm gonna drive up to Putney and meet
Andy Andy Linds Oh we're gonna go for a
little practice cycle ride with the
bikes that we're gonna be taking on the
trip I
yeah I guess we'll see how I hold up in
colder weather I'm also like we're tired
from the flight yesterday and maybe not
getting enough sleep they always like
hits me the day after when I haven't
slept enough so let's see how I do when
I'm a bit exhausted I have grabbed a
bunch of energy bars and I've got wear
new gloves and a warmer jacket as well
so we'll see you see
yes bro all right oh just arrived at
Andy's and he's shown me some of the
roots that we're cycling down so is this
where we're leaving on Saturday morning
yeah this is Saturday Zuri sending a
team of eight zero down to Portsmouth of
that yep okay guys we're going out on a
little training ride and I've got Andy's
road bike here which is gonna be better
than the mountain bike I was using in
South Africa I don't know how the camera
is it seems a bit bouncy but tomorrow
I'll try and rig it up a bit better so
it's not bouncing as much oh yeah we're
gonna um
go and do a little lap of Richmond Park
and for those of you that are into
cycling and running and stuff I've them
I've started a strauber account so you
can check how we get on with our rides
and you can check like by how many miles
are doing each day and like our average
speed and stuff of that so some of you
might not know but I actually lived here
Roehampton for a couple of couple of
years I think Andy how long did we live
here like three years yes three years I
think
it's the other side of the estate over
there
yeah the Gucci just hits the beach a
little bit even with this padded shorts
it just feels like but I feel like I
actually feel like I want to be more
upright my Gucci Robin even more on the
saddle so nice riding through Richmond
Park it's like feels like it feels like
you're not in London like you're not in
the city suddenly you're like yeah I'm a
pretty steep hill I'm sure we're gonna
come across a lot steep on the trip
definitely feels different training here
than Cape Town for sure but it's not
like as cold as I thought it'd be also I
think your your body heat keeps you warm
I mean like your parts pumping in you're
just going
the good thing as well as like we're
starting in the coldest part of the trip
and then getting warm as we head stuff
ok let's do this downhill baby deer on
the left coming up
it's probably something you tape of
garnet like coming to Richmond Park a
lot cynthia's but this is the same as we
were going to have with her and seeing
like gazelles and well that was a nice
little training right and has to do two
laps 20 miles and yeah it's good just
checking my speed and seeing how I'm
getting on fitness wise and just yeah I
think Andy's been doing a bit more
training to me the thing I struggle with
with a bike was see the seat was just
too too hard so I'm gonna try and get
stuff to see and I also think that's
actually gonna be Andy's bike on getting
in an entirely other bike tahleen new
bike but yeah it's good it's fun and I
am now heading to go and hang out with
my sister Darcy is it's like
international siblings Day or national
siblings day or something today so we're
gonna get you I'm gonna get some dinner
together and we haven't hung out for a
few months so it's gonna be nice
and I've worked up an appetite as well
definitely I'm gonna be having to eat a
lot on this cycle ride guys it's Sam
yeah calories flip we're gonna be you'll
be burning a lot of calories well I've
had a really nice evening with Darcy
dropped her home and now I'm gonna
buckle down get some editing done for a
couple of hours I think and I've got a
very fun day tomorrow guys I've brought
one of the bikes back with me and me and
my dad again a yes in the day
customizing figuring out some kind of
strong attachments for cameras and just
yeah just pimping it out a little bit
ready for the bike ride I've got kind of
to-do list I'm sorting well I've got to
buy list and a to-do list of things that
get done in the next couple of days and
yeah I'm just really excited and it was
really cool to go out for that bike ride
with Andy today and just get yeah yeah
just get some training in I figured out
though the total amount of buy training
I've done equates to one day of us
actually on the road like mileage wise
which is like 70 miles and so I haven't
done a great job a training by Phil I
feel pumped and ready the main thing I'm
worried about is just making sure I'm
getting enough kind of energy because I
figured out today I'm gonna be burning
around 4,000 calories a day so one of
the things let me show you this quickly
one of the things I've ordered online is
this this massive box of 130
Trek energy bars that he's like to begin
energy bars which they're not super high
calories but I feel like if I'm just
like chomping these all day long that'll
help and then a few people a few of you
guys and a few other friends have tried
to sell I should get these little energy
gel packets where I can just like you
know can easily just drink them or
whatever
awesome riding say I've just ordered
to those and then I just need to make
sure I'm eating good on the trip down
and what we're gonna try and do as well
guys is update like a map of where we're
going to be and I really I don't know
this is gonna work but I really hope
that maybe some of you can join
especially if you live in France and
Spain or traveling in France and Spain
and want to come join for little legs of
the trip that'd be really cool
and if you haven't already guys go and
check out the fundraising page and we're
slowly getting there and yeah we're
really cool for the support and yeah
yeah I'm pumped and also go and watch
the the video where I announced about
this trip if you want to find out a bit
more about why we're doing it stuff like
that anyway I'll see you tomorrow for
some biker pimping peace out enjoy life
and living the adventure
