good morning guys it is another
beautiful day in Cape Town unfortunately
this is the last day we're staying in
hell Bay in this beautiful house and I'm
doing something kind of crazy today so
the other day I did a livestream and
announced that I'm doing a charity cycle
ride from London all the way down to
Morocco next month which is kind of
intense very intense lots and lots of
cycling and I haven't really done much
cycling so I've managed to get a bike
I've managed to get a helmet of fits and
I've got a friend wake me downstairs
who's gonna take me out on the side of a
ride today I feel massively
underprepared we have done a bit of
fitness training but I'm kind of under
prepared on every level like my fitness
like what the way where when I go
cycling I don't even know but I haven't
managed to get some more appropriate
kind of like training clothes so my
friend in the UK is sent over this
package is this his company jim-jams so
these clothes are gonna be ideal for my
cycle ride today but they also gonna be
great for kind of working out and
training and yeah I feel like I'm
getting more prepared and ready I've got
some some more suitable trainers as well
not white and a clunky big boots and
yeah I feel like I feel like I'm a bit
of a fraud but anyway let me get very
good changed also guys I managed to
borrow some padded shorts or cycling say
this should save my bum right I've got
my outfit on
do you think this is Eugene guys who's
going to be coaching me today he's the
expert and you know I'm just gonna get
my bike out the car I'm have to go pick
it up so it's in here okay we've done
our best job at setting up this fusion
camera on the bike so we'll see how that
goes I've got an external mic so I can
chat was with cycling this could all go
horribly wrong but we'll see
music sound with ahoy
we are today
they'll get on my property guys I don't
have good insurance Satan they like
short bursts
I'm talking about sustaining that energy
all day
I think through France it's gonna be
like free the thing I'm worried about
the Pyrenees the mountain range as
you're going to the same place
well guys that was an epic bike ride
thanks again to Eugene for taking me out
I feel a bit more confident that I can
do I mean if we're still gonna be doing
crazy distances but I feel like that was
actually quite easy this morning other
than that last little leg up to the half
that steep hill anyway I've spent the
rest of the afternoon just chilling
relaxing with Royer getting some editing
done and she's just caught me upstairs
cuz apparently there's an insane at
sunset right now whoa guys check this
sunset out
the colors are just insane today's been
good it's been good to I guess just
gauge my fitness level and see how well
I can do on a bike and although we
didn't do cover a lot of distance
I think it's reassured me that even
cycling ten plumbers or 24 hours they're
back kind of mostly uphill it was still
you know still relatively easy and I
feel like obviously I'm going to be
covering a lot more per day but yeah I
think I think I'm feeling a little bit
more reassured the other thing I wanted
to explain guys is what the cycle ride
is raising money for basically I think
that's going to be I don't know like
maybe up to 20 people doing it it's all
for the charity regenerate which I've
been helping on and off for like more
than ten years I used to volunteer there
I used to work with them and I've even
taken you guys over the last couple
years to places where there's projects
running that regenerate are supporting
so whether that's been in Kenya and the
curry with the children's home or going
over to Romania and seeing some of the
stuff there these guys are really really
cool and Andy Smith who hits up
regenerate he's been a big inspiration
and kind of mentored me in my life and I
don't think I'd be where I am today
without regenerating the stuff that
we're specifically raising money for all
these projects where they take
underprivileged young people from London
who are at risk maybe they've just come
out of gangs or discommode prison and
basically they take them on these trips
to developing countries and projects
happening with people in real poverty
and it's kind of yeah I guess it's
twofold it's like supporting the people
in those local places but also it's
transformational for these young people
that are coming out from London and it's
kind of run I guess it's it's
repositioning there
their understanding of who they are in
the world and showing that they can be
empowered to help people so for me
seeing these trips over the last decade
and powering young people from London
it's a really worthy cause guys and I
will link the website below where you
can see a bit more about it and you can
check a little video out now about the
trip from regenerate so having done
regenerate for now the last 18 years the
thing that I've seen that makes the
biggest difference is when you take in
young people that you're working with
out of their current environments often
they're the life-changing trips where it
does something inside of people we took
some young people to Romania where we
met a lady who's who lived in a house
made out of mud some guys from the
estate here said that's not right let's
raise the money let's build her a house
or there's young people that have gone
to Kenya they've seen some of the
poverty and it's had an impact on them
and they've decided I want to make a
difference no jobs for these kids that
were living on the street and so they've
helped set up social enterprises that
create loads of jobs other guys have
said it's not right that people were
kids are living on the streets and would
raise money and help build houses for
kids it's the young people from our
estates that are doing these things that
are making a difference when we are
thinking about how do we fund there how
do we raise the money to do these
projects we need to do something big we
thought we could do a sponsored bike
ride and then someone had a crazy idea
why don't we ride our bikes from the
estate to Africa and that's all we're
gonna do so we're gonna ride our bikes
from London South basically until we get
to Africa yeah it's gonna be really hard
we've got to go over mountains so if
that sounds like something you guys want
to support and get behind please do I'll
link it below and obviously you can
follow along the whole trip as well as
I'm kind of vlogging and posting clips
from the fusion like I did today of the
bike ride and you can just yeah
hopefully spur us on it would mean a lot
to me guys if you get behind us anyway
I'll catch you in the morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
