so who Liana soy de Miami yes that CBN
doll fun for Louis hi I'm Giuliana
I'm from Miami and you're watching fun
for Louie enjoy boom
good morning guys it's a beautiful day
today check this out check the beautiful
balcony oh yeah so Hillary me and I'm
completely different timezones
I'm now on the west coast of America and
she's a UK time and we've kind of met in
the middle so I'm really tired that she
woke up early this morning we just made
it in time for breakfast okay just made
it
hae-bin in this morning he'll do you
have a bit more energy than me this
morning I think
all right guys look at this map of the
Caribbean this is where awaits them the
other week Kiba and this is where we are
now this tiny little island there kids
guys up in a situation we just went up
to the room to get some things ready
before heading out and I just stupidly
sliced my finger open really badly
look I'm just this is bad this is really
bad and we just need to keep my arm
elevated I think this is how to do it uh
I think this is gonna need stitches
actually think this is gonna need
stitches what have I done this is what I
cut it on guys I was just trying to get
the new hair dryer off the wall so I
just was lazy I didn't want to sit here
when it's still in my bed and this in
the world the finger it was totally my
fault
just to clarify elevation elevation what
my light
okay like to say to me quickly the
stitch yeah just like that
I just want to leave Hillary spera help
we're heading out the hotel and we're
getting a lift to the hospital get my
stitches
right at the hospital
I'm just going to check in now and see
if I can get my hand same thing I'm
thinking two stitches finger two
stitches I just showed them the wound
and it started gushing again all over
the place I've been taken in here I'm
going to take a lie down and see they
can sort this out
oh cool with injections I want you oh
you know
some people tend to turn
there is poisonous oh that is not okay
good enough now I've never had stitch
before it's gonna be scoffs damn yeah
how long ago I put anything in
this is crazy guys it's
working under the craziest skull and I
think that
there you go guys three three stitches
nice in the name of blood well I managed
to do that without fainting guys I I'm
not sure whether I'm squeamish I think I
had the bad okay
I I hadn't look away to the injection
but you know the stitches kind of
fascinated me I believe my skin just
opens up like that
is it word of advice guys don't try and
remove like things fixed in your hotel
rooms okay don't try and like dismantle
your hotel room just gonna end in injury
we've left the hospital we're now
heading to get SIM card my phone so I
can keep you guys updated whilst we're
having adventures sort of that have to
wait till we're back at the hotel with
the white boy you're I'm going to be
snapchatting this whole weekend
scrapping stuff
we just need to get through it
the simcard guys so we have internet
access and now we're gonna take a little
stroll around the town and get a drink
maybe fight for food it is cold it's
warm here guys
lunch
jet chicken and rice this is more to buy
this more of my vibe than hanging around
in there like just support where all the
tourists come off the cruise ship this
is cool it's in a bit more of the local
bike check it out meal that is just
beautiful I found this cool local spot
we have left the hotel on the search
with some food just I draining just as I
turn the camera on
oh my gosh I don't know how we're gonna
do this
oh no we're gonna try and go well the
rain hasn't completely stopped but it's
calmed down
so decides to venture out apparently
like 10 15 minute walk from here is a
cool little spot on the strip where it
like that we some tourists but it's also
like inflated cool bars on the beach and
read press and stuff so we're gonna go
check it out we found a spot for some
drinks
yeah this is where we're eating oh this
is perfect
Cheers
cheers with my messed up hands right I
got fish and chips Hillary got chicken
wings and chips I'm ready to tuck into
this
well at the end of a very eventful day
tomorrow we are planning to explore the
island a bit hopefully I can avoid any
more injuries my hands actually feeling
all right despite all the stitches in it
I think it's okay I'll catch you
tomorrow morning for ya some Island
exploring peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
