Montana is davao can say a well-managed
amoled amoled you miss me yeah i wuold
idea managed Abu Mohammad re-enactment a
leave us consider failure
this is data kuvira in august 20 18 I
visited her at her home in a cypher
Jordan she's the mother of cotton my Sue
Ann who and I call my second mother she
basically helped raise me as a kid
growing up in Texas
her daughter tawan is as someone I
consider my sister we've known each
other since the diaper days she and
hugged him I soon like myself live in
Dallas but were visiting data hub for
the summer data and her family fled to
Jordan during the 1967 war out of fear
of persecution living in the Palestinian
West Bank when the State of Israel was
established in 1948 almost
three-quarters of a million Palestinians
were forced to leave their homes the
ones that weren't massacred either fled
to refugee camps in the Palestinian West
Bank Lebanon or Jordan another mass
exodus occurred in the 1967 war when
Israel to control the Palestinian
territories and another massive
displacement of Palestinians ended up in
refugee camps in Jordan the numbers were
so high majority of the Palestinians
ended up in camps in the middle of the
desert camps that eventually developed
into major cities that are struggling
till this day the story of datas family
is unique because they were displaced
twice in 48 and in 67
during the second displacement she and
her husband were forced to leave their
home and find their way to Jordan with
their two young children but they didn't
let that define their future they
decided that the only way for them to
move past the displacement was to
continue making education a part of the
families foundation that does husband
was a teacher back in Palestine as the
only child in his family that finished
school Kutta my soon followed his
footsteps and became a teacher in Jordan
and America her daughter Diwan continue
the legacy and became a high school
educator in Texas despite the struggle
out came three generations of educators
all due to the one decision the
grandparents made to emphasize education
i sat with death ahora hug dimension and
rwan to see how the displacement
affected the lives of each generation
that followed and to see what role
education played in combating those
struggles I wanted to learn of the three
generational differences in hopes of
getting a deeper understanding of how
each generation connects
you
per Palestinian tradition that the
Hodler welcomed me into her home in the
syphon just 20 minutes northeast about
man the capital of Jordan I have known
theatre since I was a kid she would
often visit how to my zoo and the family
back in Dallas it's been a few years but
knowing her my whole life because if no
time had passed despite our history
though this was the first time sitting
and learning of her family's story of
fleeing Palestine yeah me cut the rope
and my daddy
I mean it must be a bit clearer yes
merely Kiera Santa German you are very
in can embrace any German and other very
good luck Helene oh well Diana cannot
solve a Edina there no sooner legend
manipulate mnemonic arranged a Care Bear
at Mattel and daddy in our universe
the man Gina Bethune of saline
I live over the àraàdi who is wrong
we have Israel Makati it landed are
working
oh sorry okay me oh yes although we
still there's no server machine like Ana
could hire 1181 the Unreal nominative
connect with Murphy Pharisee on another
layer jihad Linville at Harvard or Eva
have a great black connect on a hill I
love this you can thing I wanted is Dana
Joe was it to Anna
Nora special sunny or second it Whitley
comida esta Marcos can Madeleine my
family mother see her Hannah I'll
hopefully Jennifer Hollett the Manju it
may soon the dinner Jarrett in Johanna
Bethlehem una Casa rottenness Hanumantha
to the hotel
since 1790 know is that Vulcan the
Harkonnen khutba similar G Sabina
removal subpoenaed her shudder darlin
man
Chanukah Yamla year old Cara Maria
victim dog to help my anonymity fairness
is premium we blow any minute - top the
telogen ESMA country were had math dr.
Loretta heavy bwara era by trailer hey
get the ham aluvihara her magnify hello
Rob oh god nathie have a job on a banana
come innovate lehem damn man that says
devanam my nozzle ooh a film is a Tim
chippy Tim Chappelle my year avid
multi-party Sheryl forgiveness aura and
I skip dinner with my son February Salma
Khan I wanna be any damage in Adana your
McLaren are sir I said a swim in
Bethlehem of cinnamon
and then in mother nan only Japan
machine I'm the color
fish fish awara twas Jignesh whittled
out in the end
an alumina will send us that electrical
issue today
Ziya well melody amoled amoled unanimous
Mia
iwell ADEA manageable Muhammad Ali with
us well she's awfully sorry thereafter
turn in them in yet but nationally in
Xena the media a man can only have a you
know million Voyager
starting to jolly what the YouTube
Fitness female energy in NASA him
get lady in this room
simone a lagina Thurman you are brain
biology Missouri Mustafa
yes he pledged evening yeah no not
concealer no miss Melanie I mean we
shouldn't members me data was forced to
leave her home twice due to the Israeli
occupation she felt like a refugee the
moment she left her village and miss me
despite still being in Palestine for her
there was no difference between living
in Jordan and living in Hebron or
Bethlehem if it wasn't miss Mia it
wasn't her home after the second
displacement in 67 she and her family
initially moved to it a bit two hours
north Batman and remained there for a
few years while having two more children
they decided to move to the safer when a
close friend and colleague of datas
husband convinced them to purchase land
and establish life there I would imagine
in Hanna salut lady are you equal to CJ
because I can intelligible Sahara whoa
fella that can invent over of the
universe
Oh Canada good in a cellar with Japan
with job fancy care our Barban air what
after harvest water Sierra
Felicia wagon then G because una I mean
what less Hammond Hanna
I love the high def yo sally left he
third larger I better than Massey all
harsh Philip Jenna Matty buna what if he
approached soccer alia now Alicia could
you tell Java Japan Lim converts and
Hector Bosnian Jabbar no so do not go
away
Alma was the terrible magic method
physio and a be able as well papa yeah
clear clear body
kana not related physical force para
okay cool Jeremy a Jewish mother illness
when my Catholic it was you know I
yeah a gyro if the heater to do develop
totally I'd have to presume okay you
know my my friend say if it don't put it
whatta ya know a or not
yeah a cinema hayabasa document it was
amazing hearing her reminiscing of the
simpler days we're calling the calm
lifestyle of a site fit before developed
into a large town what was interesting
was learning of how quickly her family
was able to bounce back after having to
flee Palestine starting from scratch in
Jordan that does husband quickly found
work because of his teaching experience
back home in Palestine which was
uncommon for his generation that kind of
will add I am
maybe there are safe Gideon lily and
issue of Aloha and a theory but for us
the who work and Oscar were her rock
about minimal dots over the matter can't
be glad nanny you I had the chief maybe
that was even very Germany with that
with so much it aside you know him I had
ever Skinner who live well at open it
she had to slap a we do in a man with
Houma she came below with her so she she
had a she would stop Val alone your my
humanity my from me she had a seroma
Cardenas we stole a Subaru professional
sure the silly man had a bill kebab a
big national hair conservative on okay
bitten and rebuked in the Makua Rothman
circadian and Alamo dome is Lao a luma
stockpile handedly led our Namib are all
handle random now led Nicola he Tomo
banner
Akiyama carmella dolly' Veneto Gustav a
delicious vegetable ooh it was honestly
moving seeing the resilience in her eyes
the happiness and faith she holds on to
through all the struggles she finds
herself in
despite being displaced twice she kept
hope strong despite the struggle she
kept finding a reason to smile as a
Palestinian she isn't allowed to return
to Palestine due to the Israeli
occupation of the West Bank but that
doesn't keep her from holding on to her
Palestinian traditions she was forced to
leave Palestine but it was clear her
heart will always remain there very
valid no I said now whatever animal
sadness
after visiting to the Hazara i sat with
her oldest daughter Haltom I soon back
in Dallas
when I tell people who come to my soon
is I simply tell them she's my second
mother as a kid my parents worked full
time to support the family and when both
my parents were working I'd say I
thought to my son's house with her kids
it became my second home needless to say
Kyle Thomas Sue and has a huge place in
my heart cut dough my soon grew up in
there is life here but came to the
states in the early 90s after getting
married and moving here to Dallas with
her husband that's where our families
met she works as an elementary school
teacher and she definitely loves her job
I visited canto in her class to get her
view of her family's life after fleeing
Palestine she was so young when her
family left
I was curious to learn of how the
displacement affected her childhood my
name my son Abdullah and elementary
school teacher I remember when we first
moved to us I felt was like desert and
some mountains there's no cars not too
much people we stay up all night in
summertime like all the bearers outside
and all the kids playing it was fun we
loved it because we was only like five
five families living there
we took a picnic like we will walk like
half-hour to go to the mountains have
all our food and go pick up flowers it's
all good memories I like it so you
didn't really feel like that the
struggles growing up no years prior that
Taco Bell was holding cut them as soon
in her arms while leaving Palestine on a
tractor it was astonishing how quickly
her parents were able to completely
rebuild their lives in Jordan to the
point where Altima soon didn't
necessarily experience the consequences
of the family's recent displacement I
soon learned why
my dad because he loved teaching so all
the time every day why you're not study
no blame go study you need to graduate
in me to get higher degree so he we kind
of put this in our mind no we have to
finish we have to meet something special
again see had to have college or
university
I appreciate that three four I think
about it my dad was right was education
a big thing in the cypher my dad only
the bearers didn't care my dad the
education education education my cousin
now the girls have to get married and
have babies and that's it and boy have
Pharma job and work and that's it they
don't care about education what made you
become a teacher I always watched my dad
teach and when I go to school I love the
way the teachers work there with the
students so kind of I said I love this
job I want to be a teacher I always act
like I'm a teacher I would even when I
play with my sisters my neighbors I'm
always the teacher there when I went to
college if I took nursery and
kindergarten those two years for college
it was the best years of my life really
why it was like I did grow up I'm
finally can't ever let myself out of the
city she had your freedom oh yeah so I
feel like I'm grown up now and when my
college was we love it because this same
thing a new college they just open it
but there's next to it was one refugee
camp and I used to visit with my friends
that's how I know more about the regime
because I didn't live that long but I
see it despite the displacement Carlos
family bounced back relatively quickly
because of her father's experience in
education education not only enabled him
to find work and support his family but
it also inspired his children to seek a
bright future through higher education
it was clear her father's work paid off
all eleven children finished high
school eight of which finished college
and six of which became teachers how to
being the first among the siblings to
receive a degree although technically a
refugee herself culto was able to find
work after college and actually provide
help in the refugee camps near campus
alta was happy in Jordan she had the
degree the job the friends and the
family but that was all about to change
with my in 1989 then after six months of
blood I applied for my papers I came
here I arrived in 1992 Dallas Texas yeah
to New York I don't have to do connect
was all scared cuz I was there by myself
and I know nobody and in nowhere to go I
don't speak English
I understand I can read write but I
think speech and this was kind of hard
like kind of sad because I left my
parents and everybody there I came here
I have nobody husband and our anybody
dream in my life to leave Jordan and
come here
so everything was kind of scary and
strange for me it took me like one year
until I got used to it because I start
seeing people going out like after six
months of being here I became pregnant
and I met your mom when I was five
months pregnant with my first baby
yeah like a big sister for me and she a
lot we stay neighbors like 10 years
exactly because after I had the one your
mom became
with you everyone
she ended up graduating in 2013 with me
in communications and teaching hmm what
did it feel like seeing her at the
stadium watching her it was my happy
moment for me when I saw oh it's my
daughter my baby she's a teacher now
later on yeah I start moving my dad need
my sisters are now third card oh my soon
left all that she loved back into Sipho
to start a family in a country she was a
stranger to she put her life in Jordan
to the side to build a better life for
her kids in America the same way her
parents but their pain of fleeing their
home land of Palestine to the side to
provide for her and her siblings just as
dead the hovered along for Palestine it
was clear how to my soon yearned for the
old days in the siphon I miss my family
there my school never imagined that I
will be away from my family
so you didn't imagine that you would
like to come to America no I miss
everything all the time
I finally visit a cartomizer UN's oldest
child rwan at her home in West Allis
rwan is basically my sister we were in
daycare together we graduated high
school together and we graduated college
together so we've been close for a good
bit she and her brothers are those
friends that you call your cousins when
people ask when we aren't actually
blood-related but they are the closest
thing I have outside of my actual
brother and sister they're 100% family
until the end we grew up in the same
apartment complex just a couple doors
down from one another our family
struggled when we were kids and we
didn't have a lot nor did we have a lot
of family around since our parents were
new to the country but we did have each
other and just a whole lot of good
memories that make us who we are today
there is one thing I'd change about our
childhood after speaking with her mom
and grandmother I wanted to hear the
third generations perspective of the
family a displacement from Palestine and
be able to compare the life she lived
with the lives of the two previous
generations I am no longer Chloe and I'm
the daughter of customized suin I was
born and raised Dallas Texas how often
did you visit it as a kid when we were
younger we used to go there like every
other year and that was like where we
look forward to spending most of our
summers we'd have lots of sleepovers
eating lots of junk food
it's just really cool to see the dynamic
of their lifestyle versus like the
lifestyle that we lived where everything
was like Arab over there
so it was really interesting to see how
much freedom we were given also overseas
versus here where our parents be looking
at the clock oh it's getting dark out
where are you but over there it was like
we'd just be out in the street like all
day my biggest thing was that we grew up
here without any family so we didn't
have any relatives or anything like that
so most of our connections were like
friends like you guys were like our
closest thing and but when I would go
overseas it was like having your aunt or
uncle or cousin or grandma all that it
was just such a normal thing to them
where we appreciated that so much more
because we didn't have it here felt like
we've missed out a lot on that and I
there's a lot of things that I wish I
would have been a part of I just felt so
lost because it was always like you
can't do that you're not you know
American or no we have different rules
we can't do these things and my friends
from school they would just go hang out
at Joe's house they'd have sleepovers
and I just felt lost like why can't I do
that so I felt like that was something I
struggled with
I ended up going to a Thomas school for
two years which was really great because
I felt like I got a connection and I
felt more like I was with my own people
and that really helped me kind of find
myself I felt like I could connect more
with the people that were there learning
more about religion and all that stuff
so I felt like that was a really good
push for me and I never really went to
go visit Palestine til I got a little
bit older so that helped me see a lot
more and understand what the lifestyle
is like there vs Jordan and that was a
really cool experience like going to
Jerusalem for the first time and seeing
like the way that the checkpoints are
and like seeing that it's not as easy of
a lifestyle as it is in Jordan like to
go to the grocery store if it's in a
different city you're looking at like a
three four-hour drive just because you
have to go to that checkpoint so is a
wake up call for sure
I felt very connected even more so than
yes yeah when I went to Palestine like
it's just it's different like it's like
wow this is my land like my dad took us
to her house there like he took us to
our land he showed us where we get our
oil it was really interesting to see
like this is where we are originated
from yeah this is our land
this is us the first time I went my
cousins that are about my age they took
me to the school it was just a really
cool experience to see what it's like to
be in a school with Palestinians versus
like being in like an American school or
something with other people well Juan is
a first-generation Arab American she
went through identity struggles that
many first generations go through at
home she was Palestinian but as soon as
should step out her front door she was
American however as an American hewan
was able to visit Palestine as a kid
because of her American passport while
her grandmother will never be able to
living in the States is both a blessing
and a curse rwan struggled to understand
where she stood among two very
contrasting cultures but one clear
constant was education
her family was new to the country but as
her parents taught her education was her
way to success I mean I've always wanted
to go to college but my parents
definitely that was something they
pushed and it was a must for us in our
household they just wanted us to have
that back-up plan so that you know
wherever life takes us we have that to
fall back on I took a business speech
class and I just fell in love with the
classroom environment and I liked how
the teacher was with the students and
just the class itself so then like at
that point I decided I kind of wanted to
go into like teaching I ended up doing
communication degree with an education
as my secondary degree 7th through 12th
grade so junior high to high school I
liked making a connection with the kids
I was never like the cool kid in school
so having students that like are
struggling with certain things like I
felt like I was able to make that
connection and make their life in school
a little bit easier you know when you're
in high school you think that that is
your life that was like a message that I
was sending to my students like this is
not the rest of your life like think
about what's afterwards and work towards
that having my parents be that like
motivation and push me and then having
my grandparents push my mom that all led
up to where I am now and I'm very
thankful for that and when I have my
kids I'm going to make sure that they
understand how important education is
did you ever meet your grandfather I was
2 when he passed away from what I hear
he loved me very much even after he
passed away like people still talk about
him till the day
so this is one of my mom's favorite
students her name was it a wand and she
actually named me after her you have a
daughter on the way how do you feel
about that I'm really excited I hope
that I can be a little bit more
understanding because I grew up here you
know talk things through with my
children and like have them understand
versus them feel like they're on their
own now my brother has his daughter here
and my brother-in-law's
so I feel like that'll help with my kids
to know that as well I'm gonna try to
make them connect as much as I did
so then I'm back home was gonna be that
definitely definitely want them to see
that I want them to be you know part of
the tradition and learn all of our
morals and understand the language and
all that feel like they need to
understand their roots and where they
came from as long as they're going to
study something and that they're gonna
pursue it then I'll be happy I have to
go to school they're watching this later
mama you better be in college it's crazy
to think how the decision ruins
grandparents made to emphasize education
has traveled this far decades down and
thousands of miles away it's almost
become a family heirloom passed down
from parent to child a family gem that
connects each generation that one
decision completely changed the lives of
every generation to come they face their
own unique struggles but it seemed as
though education was each child's light
at the end of the tunnel a light that
gave the next generation and even better
life than the one before
this is one of the wedding gifts my
grandma gave me she had made this for me
whenever I had my first daughter the
thirties is the traditional Palestinian
style of embroidery the traditional
Palestinian dress will typically have a
one style of pattern and color all
throughout but the one that the hell
that I made for the wons daughter had
different colors and patterns which
isn't very common I asked how to my su
and why that was the case and she told
me that da-da-da-da-da has been
embroidering her entire life
the dress has different patterns because
each patch of embroidery comes from a
different time of death is life's Joey's
Bahia de la vie
Candela is a man come on I am a butcher
I have a verb and a fiasco
Ohio became an early early harvested
idea yeah and I fell for her partners I
left the bar in Makena with Shiva fires
could shoot ourselves in me love me an
affiant Emma
yeah they're in the van after they've
been out good afternoon this is a story
of love the love of a parent for their
child and how that love can ignite a
spark in a person that gives them a
supernatural strength to overcome any
hurdle that comes their way for the sake
of their child a spark that gets them up
in the morning and gives them the
courage to keep pushing for a better
tomorrow
against all odds
the threat began with death aha that are
being forced out of her home and fleeing
Palestine on a tractor while carrying
her two children in her arms it
continued with kata my student
sacrificing her entire life and decided
to give her children a better life in
America it found its way with rawand
fighting for her identity by embracing
the culture of the land her grandparents
were forced to leave and walking the
stage at a university graduation with
exact same diploma her mother and
grandfather received three generations
of educators connected by love sacrifice
and hope each child's success built on
the pain courage and unspoken love of
their parents wanting nothing more than
to see their child prosper
this bond this inexplicable bond between
a parent and child the true miracle of
our Creator they've come a long way but
this family's thread
does not end there
you
you
