normal done for me is like the ultimate
test of self-control like beyond just
not eating but being able to have
complete control of myself in every way
possible with my mind is in thoughts
with the word that I say the place that
I go with the situation that I choose to
put myself in learning Ramadan I prove
to myself that I'm able to do all those
things with God in mind like would he be
happy with what I'm not to say what I'm
about to do or what I'm thinking what if
it can happy would it disappoint him
basically it helps sharpen my mind to
the point where I'm able to think of
Allah before every decision that I make
it's also like proof that we are able to
do all the things that he's asked us to
do like somehow we managed to make all
the live prayers until it is a message
more often so we can put on more often
not waste time like spend more time with
family and really just remember him more
throughout the day it's proof that we
are capable of being the best Muslims
that we can be when outside the month of
Ramadan it seems like such an
unrealistic goal but we convince
ourselves that that's just fastest time
doable like ice cannot do oh I can't do
all that that's just too much work but
somehow we managed to do it during them
alone all of a sudden it's not
impossible to stop my day to pray really
quick or to make sure that I don't flip
off the guy that I almost hit my car
like it's a reminder that it's not
impossible to little life in remembrance
of Allah a lot of people would say that
love were like an emotional connection
is intangible like it's conceptual it's
not an actual thing you can't actually
touch it but for me when I'm alone at a
time where it's a very physical
connection that I feel with God it's
like an actual feeling in my chest and
all around me like no matter where I go
I just feel at this sense of but there's
like blessing around it's like like this
complete sense of satisfaction and joy
with my life knowing that I'm pleasing
him by doing all the things that he's
asked me to do as my Creator like as the
one that created me and essentially gave
me the soul that I have a legit can't
imagine like only God knows Elohim or I
would be in this life if I didn't
one time a year to remind myself of how
the stink of my Creator with everything
that I choose to do in my life in the
world on it says that they created this
week like he intentionally created
mankind week so it's like we need this
one month throughout the year to find
our strength through him to live
throughout the next year being able to
live to see another zone hold on even
just waking up every day during the
month is 100% a blessing and I'm
extremely thankful that surely last he's
allowed me to live to see another month
where I'm able to wake up and thank him
for giving me life
you
