I have trouble understanding how the
human can hurt another human like I
don't have it in me to speak down to
another person let alone physically hurt
them so it's hard for me to imagine how
someone often do it and I think I'm
really naive in that sense because like
I just don't get it God created us to
love naturally were born look like as
kids we have compassion and empathy and
so I can't help but think about why like
what would lead someone to live a life
filled with so much hatred enough to
kill another human being maybe they grew
up in a house an environment with no
love like with parents that never told
them I love you or showed any compassion
and so they just grew up angry at the
world and angry at themselves
maybe it's pure ignorance they're just a
very close-minded person and they
believe everything that they hear and
see and they have just no sense of
curiosity to learn more things in life
or maybe they were just on drugs and
it's that simple
like there's no deep explanation they
were just out of their mind
and obviously these possible
explanations aren't to justify what he
did but rather to help think through
what happened because I think for a lot
of people these situations are difficult
to comprehend because it's so out of our
scope because thought of killing is so
out of our norm that it really disturbs
us deep down and a lot of people don't
know how to handle that like not
everyone knows how to handle those
emotions and oftentimes they don't even
know what those emotions are they are
know what they're feeling the fact that
she is the typical Muslim girl that does
the same things that we all do like
spender mode on night but the message
with Arguelles those two processes
volunteers
school with her friends out in the
middle of night look she's the epitome
of the muslim-american and that's really
what's scary because it could have been
any of us and feel like that's one of
the reasons why it's so disturbing but
we gotta understand that what happened
was purely the product of hate sometimes
it's just easier to hate it's easier for
some people to see something on the news
that they don't like and to just make
quick assumptions about what they saw or
heard in this case what he saw and heard
about Muslims which led him to go out in
curtains it's harder for them to see
something that they don't like to force
themselves to learn more about it and
learn about why they hate it so much but
once you start that habit like this
habit of jumping straight hatred it's
hard to stop because hatred isn't a drug
once you try it to get hooked you get
this rush and spewing all the angers you
have built up onto someone else and it
gives you a sense of superiority over
them it makes you feel good feel better
about itself but that's the battle
because God created us to love
that's who we are and that's how he
wants us to be hatred is creation made
not creator made so hold on that love
that guided you so beautifully as a
child
don't get bitter some of the world
getting down don't let that light and
you die out because of all the hatred
that we were taught to be so natural God
is a definition of love and no amount of
hatred can surpass his capacity for
compassion so follow his love
what people FISA meaning line you wanna
tuna for me a deacon illest a look at
you wanna see no no one eye open for
most
