oh my god there's literally a village of
people in line for ESA what the hell
you're gonna start boarding like ten
minutes
oh my god very long irresponsible
construction how is it see it review the
extra seating requirements
you
what planer
what would happen to that
it is now a 230 I'm supporting therefore
very tired very hungry lemon that stage
words is not to do we so tired I file
would be somewhere early for me on the
next one I'll be able to get from speak
or at least sleep at the hotel before
the event extorts out of it right now
anything kind of forget
then I realize that it's the morning and
with these is only serving breakfast
foods what the manager Madhu very
informative there is a Panda Express
another terminal gotta walk myself not a
very long terminal
oh how do I just what ah okay I have
this weird thing about right about a
couple right at least once in the day I
get really cranky low-energy I just had
right from an express engine and great
energized I'm not sleeping I'm perfectly
fine know about that right
oh yeah shebar didn't show born it feels
like a hundred degrees Hank okay
everything looks mid-century modern
weird I mean amazing beautiful but
everything is perfect
oh my god I'm what I'm waiting for cab
and I am literally toasting right now oh
my god I just got seven shades darker oh
look at the view so pretty
it's called out to wear a hoodie to stop
people yelling well Batman is it helpful
if that is y'all it doesn't mean nothing
yeah you're right it would be hard you
just let me use her with this call her
vlog stick well you can't see the
philosophy come on a lot the stick I
don't how to flip it I just mean hey not
go in she's other YouTube folks yeah
we're gonna see we're gonna be speaking
in front of people like a hundred people
so we just met with a few and had a
little rehearsal or run through about
we're gonna be talking about gonna be
playing a minute over on my video of one
of our video ah like there's like a
hundred people watching my videos and
I'm gonna have to sit there and watch
them that's going to be like the most
cringe-worthy taking its life so
aesthetic goal goal look at all these
very 70s looking thank you
creepy cool
interesting the back of the hotel has
like this a garden area if it is looking
amazed and we went through it to kind of
find the place where we're gonna go talk
y'all it was hot as balls oh my god like
legit soon as you said literally 105 but
it's like dry heat and so you don't
really feel it until you go indoors and
you feel the burn feel toasted 215 and
we're supposed to meet up at 3:45 for
the presentation presentation moderated
talk like a talk show kind of thing
where they're gonna be asking us
questions in front of a hundred people
please everything is 70s or mid-century
modern it's really cool so hipster
everything is so Instagram I have like a
billion picture that I want to take but
it's too hot to be out there y'all look
at this bathroom though look it look it
look it we oh my god what I expect to
you so long well I'm definitely going to
run into this a miracle at one point
route now that place I'm just going to
take a nap until we have to meet up in
like an hour and 40 minutes because I
still have not slept other than 30
minutes of somewhat rest that I got on
the second flight so
oh let's go oh wait my drink time to go
meet them in the lobby yes yeah yeah
yeah
should it shoot at you oh what the hell
should not do that
it was polite oh thank you so the Sun
finally somewhat set and it's not a pot
out and so now we can walk around the
really cool garden area and take
pictures of things and not time for the
aesthetic pictures there's a frickin
hummingbird what is this what is
happening this is Discovery Channel
stuff Subhan Allah so many palm trees
it's a banana it's kind of making me
uncomfortable legit hammocks let's try
this thing
why is there a cat where's his tail
let's just chasing a cat in the
background of my shot I tried to make it
move and I think I prevented it from
moving there we go Wow - missed it but
there we go that's the best good oh I
thought I was gonna fly couple of
youtubers Dylan
whoa
what a nice Wow this footage is legit
just going to be a bunch of scenic views
look at the sunset right there ma sha
Allah Allah
we're at Coachella and now back in so to
him it's like 10:30 and dead I have no
energy
I still have not slept it was really
really cool as Hannah we're very
welcoming kind people Michelle my flight
is supposed to be at 6:40 which means I
have to be up at like 5 o'clock which is
not getting a lot of time to sleep but I
just checked online it so that my flight
is delayed until 8:45 which means I get
two extra hours of sleep essential nah
that doesn't change this is the tote bag
that I got it has this really cool
simple towel
very cool pattern on it the circle towel
interesting this little water fan thing
which would have really helped earlier
when I was boiling outside and then this
speaker that also doubles as a portable
charger more just cool and make this
really loud to have really good quality
and then a swell bottle the black ones
yeah alright imma pass on though I will
see on the morning bridge
Oh aha sale what is happening we didn't
rise I could get out my room and that
there's this little patio area most of
you from the room
well Palm Springs is that real I'll see
you later
I'm walking over down to the airport
I over just dropped me off instead of
like all right Jonathan you take care of
them my name is the furthest thing from
Jonathan
you know you have lots of choices
we just landed
like most two-month I'm meeting my
friends at message for lecture and it's
gone and afterwards Abednego
frickin Oh finish yeah yeah be cool yeah
yeah no no no so as soon as I got home I
completely passed out for like four or
five hours I showered and got dressed to
go to the Islamic lecture took a weekly
lecture by this really cool in my
area it starts an hour before if thought
and then they serve a spot afterwards so
I'm going to go ahead right now on you
chin he look so red right there come
prepared
like mine every day my just meet you
lookee what I mean I hire tonight
therefore the cookie of hope he's doing
find out pieces
hi ending the vlog relax
why what is it I'm trying to get a good
night side of the magnet so we just left
one message and we're going to another
message to pray put away because
supposedly there's a guy that precisely
sort to the other mission tell em what a
call sounds nice and it is my favorite
Easter and I never said it didn't you
just say he was a hipster dude it Oh
Robert you know how you'll never heard
of this is getting did everything work
never happen I'm doing it let go of your
pointer ready you got any like religious
dis left sub he he's going to see me
that I'm pretty visible
you can see me move back man after all
my dog get together let's go
hi Pedro we made a weed little he's in
with it
he's got is nearly drink he just not
even worried that we just ditched him I
think he is playing it cool I think he's
like even mother
this kid what is wrong with him I would
be so freaked out he's like oh he's
going out that way alright he's gone
oh don't worry he has the car yeah but I
have the keys the key is Gordon you have
your phone
let me kick it hey Larry tapping
mid-city quick I used to come here
daddy no
- fake
are you videoing what fine women survive
I will fight unequipped push button that
is no button here
oh hi guys they're leaving now the
bottle head it is a short time and I am
sitting in some low figure while being
my third vlog I have so many things that
I am behind on a billion things to do in
the next like four days California trip
put me really behind lewis fun don't
suck and complain but now I'm just
really behind on a lot of things that I
need to be doing
Allah Allah
you
you
