okay this is what happens when I get up
to shower and I don't put anything in my
hair
they just a froze up it's like seven
o'clock now seven pm we have like an
hour and a half until if thought I just
got confirmation so I'm flying out to
California they're flying me out on
Monday morning and then the event is
later in the day and then I'm flying
back to the morning bow for me to stay
longer like leave Sunday so I have a
kind of Sunday and Monday to enjoy the
city but my mom's birthday is on Monday
she's working on my day so we're
celebrating on Sunday so I would leave
on Monday right now I'm actually working
on her birthday present so I just
finished cutting out the canvas
basically what I'm going to be drawing
on this is the frame and then this is
the board that I bought like a creamish
color to the original image that's the
the painting I'm trying to recreate and
we'll go to in depth yesterday but
basically this is a picture of my
parents house in Kuwait back in the 80s
before they had to flee the country
because of the war that was going on
they basically had to leave all their
belongings behind in Kuwait her and my
dad were flight attendants together and
so all the decorations in the house or
from all over the world and they all
have you know a lot of meaning to them
so I'm trying to in shot down the creeks
from a mom I'm trying to practice
techniques because I'm not an artsy
person I don't do these things I don't
draw I'm not this is not my thing but a
bunch of like neutral pastels so I'm
very much struggling with trying to
redraw this thing on this board freehand
so I'm having to do it my way the
mathematical way I uploaded the image on
illustrator I basically just divided it
up into a grid and then I scale the grid
to this board actually going to draw the
whole painting square by squares and
mathematical approach because I select
if it's all the initial sketches down
just to get the the main frame and then
now I will start with the pastels or
drawing chunks that are worth gold I
think I've got the coloring done so far
it looks pretty pretty close
me we just had start a little bit ago
mama she thinks salad Phillipa shrimp
yes big people added a potato salad to
design for a Pentagon
so just finished and I'm actually kind
of happy with how it turned out
as much of a struggle as it was because
again this is not my thing
I don't do this stuff but it's actually
really true I haven't done a lot of
artwork type specimens college here's
the final piece it's not exactly the
same but it's close enough and I'm done
it took forever to put in the frame
because it was like the exact same size
but I think it's are now it's really big
mama if you are watching this I hope you
enjoyed your kiss happy birthday I love
you it is around 2:00 in the morning I'm
but starting just because I'm going to
be having this full at one of my friends
apartments we're all meeting about one
of their places I think I'm just gonna
bring like shag and like oughtta be food
because some paint breakfast first he'll
with him now at my friend's place
obviously late as usual myself and there
he is
yelling at me for being late that's not
it that might have come brother he's a
better daughter look at the door my
friends with his wife made that it is
hello guys tail it was good short lemon
said a monocle
what is this goat explained how fancy
they are look at this they have an a
waffle is called a waffle iron maker
know already because I feel like I'm in
hotel my deceased and there's no teller
over green what you brought that for the
bathroom is that more the restroom
here's hot pod makes fun of me saying
that I look like Velma
I kind of get the idea thank you we're
we action
yes I'm making them try my out of ishe
drink it another look out of your shake
with Nana and vanilla cream entrada be
bread left Nick and Bucca the Cubs in
shut up a team it is cool brother cool -
all right what do i do an entire scoop
Aaron Morgan Creek Park
oh my god it's done and can't eat a
whole thing okay and now we'll turn it
over to turning a la Yanis on designer
my there you go nothing more besides
everyone huh oh sorry just like Blaine
to them that this is a halal gathering
because y'all are like related and y'all
are married I wonder if they think this
is like a single like everyone's just
like so things do Haram thing is we're
gonna my god he and she are married he
and he are brothers we are and it's just
a business lab what are you doing
brother
we are Nicole I didn't practice my or do
anything let me take a look know where
you put this on
all the way my hat's not gonna fit
goodness me you can do it obvious very
boy I love it
what is it called why doesn't look ugly
on me it looks so good on everyone else
because hey what's the other silent
movie indeed like a kid again
those engines beautiful but notice
always fun goes when were you cleaning
she goes okay even her mom's like ah
where are we at where if I kind of
notice that is my real name nope it's
not real name garage I just get a quick
errand I'll do the Boogaloo headwraps
different quick via wraps different how
but I was there in 274 she's always a
factorial wrap number two this is more
of a clean tutorial look at captain whom
and this is who it is very late or early
now it's like 9 a.m. we're just now
leaving the apartment today we are going
to be going out for my mom's birthday
which I love and tomorrow
very very early morning I have my flight
to Palm Springs then I get back
oh my gosh so bright get back over the
sky was pretty I have so much stuff to
do right now I still have not prepared
what I'm gonna be saying at the event
thing the fact that my sleep schedule is
completely off because of fasting
probably get no sleep
um on this Californian ship but not all
I'm about to go home and pass out so
I'll see ya later
Oh happy birthday man so we all just got
ready you about to leaves go out for a
birthday give the gift to my mom and you
start tearing up come another way to
call out oh my god it looks like I'm
getting gas look how pretty
things you know so nothing when I'm back
we're supposed to come to the pier by
the lathe we're having a thought you
take less and laying out lately and
watching pregnant but we can lay that
and lumber storming in a green box
our Vanessa it is soaking wet outside we
just came to a restaurant we just got
home and it is 11:30 I have my flight to
Palm Springs Oh like I said why are you
so loud oh my god I can't even hear
myself I have my flight to Palm Springs
at 7:15 and I have to wake up at like
5:30 that's I'm gonna actually sleep
actually I'm having to be awake to land
head erect Emma love you little kid
leaving solo about 4:00 in the morning
and I'm editing my second I'm alone
alone that should be going up in a few
hours I believe for the airport around
six ish then I don't have anything back
even though I want the back like one
outfit because I'm literally going to be
there for less than 24 hours I'm
probably just going to have a few hours
of sleep on the plane and other than
that probably not going to sleep until
Monday night because I think right when
I land a few hours later and the event
starts and so I have to kind of go
straight I just found out that there's
going to be another youtuber a Muslim
youtuber her name is Kathy fate I mean
her going to be working on the
presentation
I think it's putting together it would
be cool to meet another listen
my near favorite quality Wow I'm now
eating some leftover Thai basil fresh
berries and water thought is in like 30
minutes but I'm not testing tomorrow
because each other um I just googled the
weather in Palm Springs California um
105 it's in the hundreds with the health
it's not I'm not in Texas right now how
how figure on my outfit now that I know
it's gonna be a billion degrees there
after the event I'm going with all cream
white sauce white Reeboks keep it clean
for the plane
you
