what was the good y'all so I've been
wanting to talk about this topic for a
while now but I wanted to make sure I
was set in my perspective and my
intentions and sharing it with you guys
just to jump right in I've been eating
Highland or Sabiha meat strictly since
the beginning of this year but before I
start talking about my specific journey
I think I need to clarify a few terms
just because they have different
definitions for different people
so anata be the be hot or Zebby huh is
the islamic slaughtering of an animal as
an animal was killed
in the name of allah the word highland
just means permissible as in we muslims
are allowed to eat it but again some
people have those two words defined
differently now depending on your
background in islam the word halal has
different definitions for Muslims living
in the West for example for some people
halal means Sabiha as in the meat was
killed
islamically halal and Sabiha are used
interchangeably it means the same thing
this is typically the case with basic
people living in the West and for some
people Haddad just means it's not a pork
not necessarily a zippe hado
this definition is more typical of the
heart of Muslims living in the West
essentially the reason behind the
generally out of perspective on the be
hammy stems from the Sun or hadith about
eating from a head Khattab the people of
the book so the Christians or the Jews
now I'm not debating the validity of
either approach
I'm just objectively stating the the
different types of approaches that exist
so that's basically the breakdown now
I'm Adam and I grew up in America I grew
up basically eating any meat that wasn't
pork so I'd go to McDonald's or I'd buy
meat from Walmart or the local grocery
store and I remained that way for
majority of my life there wasn't much of
a stress on where the meat was coming
from but then back in 2015 or 2016 I
went to this burger joint and I ordered
a simple burger from where I was
standing when I was waiting for my food
I could see my food being cooked and I
could see that my burger was being
cooked on the same skillet as the bacon
it wasn't touching but it was on the
same was on the same skillet but I kind
of just shrugged it off then I got my
burger and I just could not eat it
the smell and the look of it I just
could not and literally literally
started dry heaving out oh man I don't
know why on a typical day I would have
eaten hamburgers and I'm not generally
sensitive to food like I can eat
anything and hold it down I'm fine but
just in that moment I could not eat the
burger and I ended up throwing away a $9
brush then the same thing happened at a
barbecue restaurant that I went to and
then again at work I had a really busy
day at work and I wasn't able to eat
lunch until 3 p.m. so I ordered a burger
from the cafeteria in my work and
basically the same thing happened I saw
him cooking my burger beside a bunch of
bacon and then I saw him touch my patty
the same spatula he used to flip the
bacon that was just like I was so tired
I was exhausted I was hungry I was
starving I was frustrated with the day
at work and just bad day bad day and I
think as I couldn't even lie to myself a
guy I clearly saw it I couldn't deny
that I definitely could not eat back he
just touched it with pork so from those
moments I started becoming a little more
conscious about the make that I was
eating at restaurants and like I
mentioned before the idea of halal orsa
behind me it wasn't as much of a in
my head cuz that's just how I grew up
even though I did grow up with basic
people and I was surrounded by it would
ruin my life
it just wasn't it prominently discussed
topic and at this point I had also been
thinking of meat from a humanitarian
perspective ever since I was a kid I had
always thought through the action of
slaughtering an animal for the sake of
food about this huge animal lover but I
mean I love animals like I love dogs
love cat I love cows you know I don't I
don't want to kill an animal my oh my
god so I had always previously thought
through the morality of killing an
animal for the sake of eating not that I
was standing against it because I was
obviously gonna eat that meat because
meat is amazing but I was always
generally curious to understanding the
justification and killing an animal and
to add to that I had seen so many videos
online about how animals are mistreated
in farms in Western countries majority
of the farms treat their animals in
humanely a lot of them tased the animal
or they shoot the animal or they keep
them into really small cages and feed
them really bad food and obviously as a
human being with a heart those things
did not sit well with me and that's when
I started doing a lot deeper research
what halal order behind me actually
means that's when I learned that beyond
having the right intention to kill an
animal you know having an intention to
kill it to eat it not because you're a
psycho and you want to just kill an
animal that there are certain guidelines
on how we should take care of the animal
before you slaughter them of how we're
supposed to feed them good food and
clean water and you know treat them with
respect as you would any creature of God
and also that we're not allowed to
instill fear in an animal before you
kill it like if you were to slaughter a
goat
you couldn't do it in front of all the
other goats you had to take that one go
separate it and then slaughter by itself
so that the other goats don't see or
that the animal isn't allowed to see the
knife before you slaughter it because
that would instill fear but I found that
just like oh that's nice nice nice way
of seeing it
I knew generally that when it comes to
soldering an animal in Islam that you
have to have certain guidelines but I
just didn't know the specifics of it
this was the first time of reading about
these things and now just like yes you
know when you read something it just
sits well sits right and it kind of puts
your heart at ease kind of how I felt
learning those facts gave me more reason
to start leaning towards how that means
and that's when I told myself that I
would start a journey to adding more
halal meat in my diet and just being
generally more aware of where the meat
that I'm eating comes from so I said
when I cook at home which I do often
because I always meal prep I would only
cook how that mean so in the house only
had meat then if I were eating outside
and it was completely starving I would
just get something light or vegetarian
or a seafood option since seafood is
hella it was just like a general
guideline like I would occasionally
still be McDonald's I stuck to that for
a while and then one time in late 2017
I ordered a burger from Whataburger
which is a southern fast-food joint I
picked up my burger to go and when I got
home I found this huge massive slab of
bacon right on top of my burger I'm just
like wow
turn off go back exchange the burger
come back home and basically the same
thing happened at the other burger joint
I just could not eat the burger I took a
bite I just lurch like sat there I
didn't chew it I just like oh I have
something you know beyond me was just
not settling that was a big moment for
me big moment of realization right there
and then early this year
me and my two friends were planning our
trip to Japan both of them are busy one
of them is a strictly zippy hat eater
while we were planning the logistics of
the trip the Sabiha eater in the group
asked me and my other friend the nonso
bhai eaters he said okay guys so
basically here in America you guys eat
Nandu Bhide me because you're eating
from a healthy tab from the - to the
Christians right we're like you he said
okay now we're going to Japan where the
vast majority of the people are not from
a hickey tab what are gonna do then and
I'll just like I think about that well
my mind was just like I had never even
thought of that case cuz majority of
people in Japan are Shinto or Buddhist
now just like got me thinking that one
thought that sat pretty deep for me so
when we were actually leaving for Japan
as we were waiting to board our flight I
don't know what came over for me to say
this but I just stated that this Japan
trip would be basically a trial phase
for me since one of the guys in the
group worship is the V ha we obviously
had to go to only Zebby high places in
Japan I kind of wanted to see what it
would be like having to go that extra
mile in planning my food around ZB I
mean because obviously one of my
hesitations from making this jump to
eating strictly Sabiha was that it was
gonna be extremely difficult difficult
at home let alone traveling in Japan but
for some reason you guys it was so easy
oh why in a country with an extremely
underwhelming amount of Muslims we
didn't have to walk exaggerated
distances to find Sabiha restaurants it
was so weird we literally walked like
maybe half a mile just as much as we
would have walked for any normal
restaurant so kind of lights as if like
God just made it easy for us and just
plant it out so when I got back to Texas
I decided to just go strictly Zoey hug
just full-blown and it honestly wasn't
that drastic of a change in my
day-to-day life it was a lot less
drastic than I thought it was gonna be
like I mentioned I cook a lot so I eat
at home
a lot and all that meat is hella also I
should generally like eating at home
more because healthier I started to just
eat before I leave the house
so that I'm not starving later in the
day that way I can just eat something
light when I'm out and eat like a full
meal when I get back home it does help
that I'm not much of a foodie I'm not
very adventurous when it comes to food I
don't generally like eating at
restaurants I truly and genuinely love
home-cooked food and a time-delay I live
in an area that has a lot of halal
options at least like every five miles
you're gonna hit one highlight a grocery
store or a restaurant so basically I
save a buttload of money because I eat
at home most of the time it does require
a lot of self-control and discipline
especially in those moments where you're
irrational because you're starving and
you literally don't care about anything
you just want to eat when I'm in those
moments where I'm just starving and I
haven't eaten all day
those the moments where I'm the weakest
and I'm like it would be really easy
just to go to any non-han restaurant and
pick up food real quick we gotta find a
deeper meaning and understand that it's
it's for the better it's but if the
heart it's better for humanitarian
reasons financially on above all it's
for the sake of Allah you know I'm
saying no I do get some people that tell
me I'm being extra or I'm exaggerating
the religion because if Stannis was to
be simple however I do personally
believe in but again or blessing in the
sacrifice for the sake of Allah that is
reasonable sacrifice of course but
sacrifice nonetheless I strongly believe
that there is a benefit in going that
extra mile and telling yourself that
you're doing it for the sake of God
especially when it comes to situations
where it just feels right like for me
that decision to go is that behind it
just felt right in that moment my gut
and my conscience for aligned and it
just felt right in that moment it just
just happened can't really explain that
feeling much because it's just it's just
a gut feeling like God gives you know I
also hear the argument that it's just
too hard to eat only Highland I'm like
but like majority of dayz community does
it and they're still alive and they're
not dying
so like clearly is that's not that
important
I hear the argument that if you live in
a really desolate area that it be
permissible in that situation which is
fine if that's your opinion but if I
were personally in that situation as I
mentioned before I do believe that there
would be blessing and me going out of my
way to ensure that I'm eating something
that God you know told me to eat like
driving a couple hours out to the
nearest highlighted grocery store which
I know a lot of people that do that or
even being dramatic and buying your own
animal and slaughtering yourself which I
so know people who do that or even just
cutting meat out of your diet in general
like we don't have to have meat every
single day it's not as necessary
obviously if it's easier said than done
and Who am I to say these things it just
turned zippe holic busy years or like oh
I also far too often hear the argument
that most high light suppliers don't
even follow the rules of Islamic Haddad
slaughtering and I'm like that doesn't
mean you completely disregard the
concept in general at least there's the
intention for me as the one purchasing
the meat to eat halal meat whether or
not they're lying to me there is the
intention for me to eat something that's
permissible by God but putting all
debates aside there is one undeniable
fact that the put on states that we are
supposed to eat meat that is lard
Islamically just like can't deny that
it's it's the Quran like that's our book
so like with all that said I am NOT
saying that if you eat non zabi honey
you are gonna get sent straight to hell
and that it's a sin it's completely
Haram obviously I'm not qualified to
make this such statement this is just me
sharing my journey and my thoughts where
I think it's good and healthy for one si
man to at least be conscious about where
one's meat comes from I've been wanting
to talk about this for a while because I
think it's it's really imperative that
Muslims hear different perspectives
because a lot of people like myself
didn't even think about these things
before it really helped me not just be
aware of what I'm eating but also just
be thankful for what I'm eating it's a
similar feeling I get during
with the hyper awareness of what I'm
putting into my body meetings every I
guess you in a similar state you know
day to day hopefully y'all were able to
take away a few thoughts from this video
you know some thoughts sit marinate
let's bake a little bit in the end
Elohim God knows the truth who am i but
a simple most of them youtuber alright
I'll take care now in sha Allah
you
