hey oh ha ha how do they look a lot
clearer than my other my phone camera
exact thing is mmm basic shot love this
will do a lot better I always have a lot
of trouble with my memory on my phone
because I'm my phone is always full shot
let's make things climbing connecting ah
oh oh
click focus with the BA zoom and focus
is automatically moving well I went to
Party City and they were close this
Memorial Day plea forgot about that so I
gotta go to Walmart now and get some
table covers for that long one of my
favorite new shoot songs Moe leg any
Babic but they were fucking be ok I got
the table covers look please look at
these cool from a mine looking place
that I found hmm look at that so hot of
you know ok ah walk to the park love you
one tomorrow
so hey Jesse your name my son my son our
life our life
masha'Allah masha'Allah join us at the
Baja household let's go
I all dr. pan masala yee-ha you got shit
gonna be there and there's actual that
was a good surety you want something
both in papaya will it happen also
you're at ethanal sister you must come
on hey with my new camera
you know you put in your camera yeah it
is like my phone and crap selalu the
quality what are you making mama
Shea banana oh okay Nutella Wow Wendy
hey little just before you depart moving
at anything
Oh what is the name and where is it
we're now we're sitting in a circle
Magilla place let's play a game
let's play some Islamic trivia all right
now only get that is what it is don't
you listening
we ended baby thank you good you'll see
my love focusing on you did y'all need a
ride haha yeah
it is now a school time I just showered
a little bit ago and now I'm eating on
my bed because I don't feel like eating
I mean eating leftover mokuba from the
first day of fasting that my sister made
and I'm watching somehow arrested a man
I hope this one's called how to easily
erase in by almost a man but I'm
wondering if I'm welcome to one
waalaikumsalam what Allah whoever okay
that is not what I'm going to be doing
because I just started eating this
mokuba and I think it's called a bond
because the Rose is gooey and I don't
think it's how it tastes
so now I have to go heat up other food
another 10 minutes left this is not
eatable
mama the Roses kind of on ya a dance
club on the mokuba oh yeah it's like
it's like moist and gooey
Oh fuckin my mom it's like like eating
gelatinization around - this time we got
rose and Mac corner with lemon and
almonds on top of it and lovin my bath
my mom makes his marker on the thing
macaroni with yogurt garlic ground beef
and almonds in it
you guys interior he just said he was a
la universidad ver finishes eating his
food and says it had indeed imagine
living upon Ernie as a model look and
you imagine as the prophet sallallaahu
sort of said here to say whoever says
this you have after finishing his food
whoopee I left America hot dominant
Allah will forgive him for all of his
previous things a lot of butter Allah
but knowledge I think finished written
that it was not you that provided that
for yourself rather it was a walk
I know in China and it was his
perfection and it was not no doing of
your home allowing that could be it
good night you guys so it is now around
its thought time on Tuesday I just
finished shooting a video about my Azam
upon me lutein I don't know what that
what I'm going to title again Expo
struggling either how do I fast or like
my omelet on boo boo teen or meal
routine I don't know a lot of people
think that I have like some elaborate
equipment set up for my videos and it's
literally just this white wall thing
that I made out of a bunch of 97 cent
poster boards that I taped together and
my camera's tripod and like that's it
then the window for the light
oh right there I have like my computer's
just so I have my outline of what I'm
going to be saying a lot is in my 15
minutes but a few of my friends told me
about this lecture going on at one of my
missions nearby and I kind of want to go
but I'm not gonna make it on time every
day right before is Fahd I go and plug
in the light light and then look at this
look at this right there look at these
life
oh well remote control electronic
candles boom boo-boom just me mama today
so now that's she made from leftover
fish mr. day I'm just made little and
the new plates that I got from Walmart
and then this isn't as precious that's
not as pretty
I just left but we're domestic my my
discussion stash out of the day that the
black on black ship ship sucks
Lancome I got so hot in the beginning of
the yeah and someone turn the panel does
have those really good the the reciter
was beautiful myself beautiful voice it
is now a short time and I'm leaning
Mensa my brother and sister are eating
fami ax from the biggest bowl in my life
when stuff and then my video just
uploaded back to me so it is about 6:30
right now
Wednesday the fifth day of fasting I'm
checking my email right now got an email
from someone at YouTube about the
creators for Change Program that I'm
working on with them you ever seen on my
social media stuff I'm working on this
program with YouTube called creators for
change where they basically nominated a
bunch of youtubers and we're all going
to be working together to be creating
more content that addresses social
issues we have like a training camp
coming up after I eat in one bin so
every all the youtubers are exploring to
London and corn whose email they're
asking if I can fly out next week early
next week which is in like five days to
talk with some of the other creators for
Change fellows in LA or to five-minute
session 15-minute Q&A with YouTube
marketing employees YouTube will cover
all travel and expenses to get you to
and from the event i Roma who located
him in the yet but yes obviously I'm
down why would I not gain I need to
start getting ready because I have a new
spa dinner at my friend's house why is
my Sujatha what honey like really go for
years
you
