just thought would you like straight
it's true no really Hale I'm sure you
all know who these two guys are gonna do
go babies breaking down my income I know
that changes why I've been here in
London for like four days I've been
hanging out with these folk right here I
mean we haven't had much choice but I've
never clapping people I don't talk about
I didn't choose people oh wait your
channel wait being quiet cuz you would
think this is your child
this is technically the first time I've
ever done a journal on my channel
basically they're from the UK and I'm
from America as you all know I'm from
Texas do they have an English accent and
I have an American accent and so we said
okay let's do a video about our
different accents Dinah's idea was to
put down a cup with topics for us to
talk about in the opposite accent
they're gonna have to speak purely in an
American accent and I'm gonna have to
purely speak in an English accent
about whatever talking about whatever
topic that we draw from this cup be an
American accent leave it alone oh my god
Tod's how gay are you nervous yeah it's
my channel so then y'all should be going
first yeah because we get shake it shake
it Instagram feed I like that
the first action that comes to your head
when you speak with an American accent
is the black American accent in it yo so
B you do realize that you have to be
doing a British accent right now like
nah that's one what was that like it's
not good what was that give me an
English actually I'm supposed to be
imitating like is this like a nose ow yo
show is just like our one yeah okay so
let's face such a minimal outfit today I
got this top from top I got this top
from Target
did the jumper
if a jumper from tag target Oh a weight
target yeah and I got these what do you
call these trousers
yes very pants from what about you sighs
I actually made this pants myself did
not swear okay no talk like how I
talking to me in American accent what do
you mean what do you mean talk like my
voice really good that hi what's up with
the name yeah you have no idea
you really really high I use a high bank
that's what you say old that all the
time you always go I could do that I
could do like a black man from like
Brooklyn I can't do anything
Harry style every style is that guy from
what what are they called one one team
wasn't even lead then he'd left them and
he's got Mike hair like a man who the
heck is Harry Styles okay so all I know
from Harry Styles is that he talks
really slow and he doesn't pronounce his
like O's in his years like Oh completely
right oh man all I want to know where
they if stars is is really his second
name is that really a second name lassie
is like his last name is secondly this
is really nice me there's a mango juice
out he's you just released a new album
in it he just released a new CD just
basically cuz I was actually in the tube
earlier on the way here and I saw the
advert that had airy styles new album
era styles in it you know what I'm
low-key impressed
and every time I took on this accent
everyone I talk with every time you were
speaking this accent every time you told
I can't tell if it's like a southern
accent like I feel from Texas or
something like that yeah okay next next
yeah Geno okay this is too hard is funny
though because it's so hard you're doing
really honestly really what a lot like
you do you put it back in you put Harry
Styles back in yeah channel is pg my
mother I would watch this have to bear
me Salam alaikum go Bernie Bernardino
touch what sup guys initially when this
topic came into interplay was when I
into fruition earlier
I mean what's I brought this up because
I heard at one time on their YouTube
channel someone's YouTube channel and
they said touchwood and I thought that's
quite interesting because in America we
say knock on wood we don't say touch
wood that's oh you say oh yes of course
you'll say knock on wood yes yes we do
think oh my god oh oh wait a second
listen stumpy can I just remind you that
okay there so the challenge is it like
oh talk like Harry Styles for the whole
damn thing you know you just have to do
like a London we said English accent
yeah no no no well I've been keeping the
same accent well I've been keeping the
same accent too so I mean it's so
unclear who's winning so I mean no all
right I'll just keep it more like a more
of like a London accent ya know who's
that more accurate don't watch y'all
listen homey you do you do do you yeah I
said although this man
scale think of English lingo listen
homey never let any woman teach you
bamm-bamm let me get the something back
yeah we're with the topic he's joking
guys joking about the touchwood yeah I'm
talking about like good things that we
typically say in our in our areas right
yes Rooker's we're from London so it's
like where are we from in London I grew
up in Westminster
my family is quiet we have a lot of
money actually I mean it's like opening
fortune cookie so you think you can see
that there's lopes so I really wanted a
piece of my earlobes in one day but I
kind of thought about it for like five
minutes and then I was like mad maybe no
i won't i won't pierce my ear lobes and
then there was there are really where
really when I thought about my decision
again and then I went I went I was in
London I went to this place called I was
like yo lady can you piss pierce my
lobes and she went piss I know she went
toilet that way
no piece of mint there's my story of why
I didn't get my curiosity where you from
in America I'm straight from you know
Jackson Heights yeah I'm from I'm from
my you know yeah oh that's something you
guys say out in America yeah yeah
because it's like New York there's not
where I'm from - it's like
no it's like that but yeah I don't
really I don't really know much about
like the the farmland because I'm
actually from the city
I'm have you never know I'm not a
Cowboys Bristol Bristol accent oh it's
all like I don't really know much about
the Bristol exit that's all I know is a
former performer yeah it's kind of like
and I were a little bit looking Irish
exit
no no you've gone into Irish now no you
had looked upon it
zoella I don't think from a like they're
from the farmlands oh well it doesn't
have bristles they're from they live she
had look at it she had to talk about
where her she her area and I looked it
up and it was in the air like the
Bristol area I don't know I don't know I
don't know easy I could talk about this
all day
the minute I shave it give it like an
hour I'll be back again do do more like
we're pronouncing the arse like her our
our like takes me an hour takes me an
hour yeah
technical our really really a lot that
when you speaking in American accent
your accent your voice it's higher
that's why I really like I've given up
I'm back on but you do you were doing
good I saw okay I'm just like that mom
no do the London one because harder and
then are you're not getting the easy way
out it's not getting the easy way out
the stock centre I'm tip I usually stick
to its the action but I like talking to
when someone says talking an English
accent I typically got run to this one
because it's quite easy he goes to the
Manchester one that's not even like what
you oh sure yeah oh is it
well you never told you I'm from I'm
from you know this little town actually
you know they were a Mormon they were
they were an orphans and now I'm like
out here in New York my name is Jennifer
Penton the story that I told her about a
co-worker an old co-worker of mine yes
it was in the top of my head it's quite
funny that she's gone because if your
coworker watches and we didn't say her
name so I mean as long as we're not
calling out anybody not calling out
anybody how I supposed to say but it's
just funny mom we're talking I mean we
were talking about I've given up I'm
talking about what was it be it be the
bid we were talking about the bid so
what style is your beard coming from
England
Jake's guy stinks
sorry to hold this up guys but we gotta
go I know ready we gotta go we would
continue this but well we would continue
this but haha we gotta go pick up Hannah
and Hannah Hannah Hannah hey Tay na
Hannah Hannah
Hansel we got so we gotta go and it's
gone do y'all true I'm actually leaving
back to America tomorrow which is kind
of lame I had a really good time with
these peoples they are very very very
kind people
thanks you guys spending time making
this video and showing me around London
have been very legit don't forget to go
subscribe to their channels Deana Tokyo
not Cuba nature and then sit in Dina
they have three channels I've never said
that a video before subscribe I never
I never said that time for everything
you may say it it's like I'll see y'all
later
bye thank you Dad we do am thumbnail
