today we are going to be looking at old
pictures of mine should be very
interesting so let's do this I was huge
look at those rolls before I say how old
I am I might give you a moment to just
guess so I am 2 months oh look how bad
if I am me my siblings all three of us
or very big babies just huge my voke me
my brother when we were born we were
nine point six pounds natural birth
where are you
and then my sister was like 12 pounds
like mashallah contrary to my build now
which is very linear very vertical
I was so chubby I had so much baby fat
and my head was so round it's like a
perfect circle where now it's like an
oval I look so Filipino haha oh my god
my nose my nose was flapping this is a
very slow Tino looking kid right here me
and my siblings we all had like a really
flat Filipinos as a kid and then older
we got the more I started growing into a
note you see this huge bridge that came
out loud like 10 or 11 and they want to
hit puberty it like went boom and was
even bigger
no more Filipinos hook someone got this
cat my cat Tiger this is my first pet
ever we ended up having to give it away
because I found out that I was allergic
to cats so I was the reason why I've to
give away my own cat was very very
traumatic a matching blue collar shirt
and shorts it's okay as a Barney's
suspenders which weird has a kid I had
generally very Asian features my hand
here let's look very very like straight
and soft and like a comon and older I
got the more curly not of it started
getting I could never do this hairstyle
now look how hard when I am oh my god
this is like the infinity of the 90s
look whooping outfit
matching blue and yellow managed to stop
back then oh I even got hidden got like
the hand in one pocket it like in my
pictures of my face I was like according
to my from my mom I did not smile a lot
when I was a kid and my parents thought
that I was going to be
so past when I got older because I just
didn't smile when people were like
smiles okay apparently I was just like
well what do you want to do this is well
not a features started coming in a
little bit more the chin came in this is
my hair getting really thick and harsh
see but i thought this was the coolest
shirt in the entire work hope is a
picture of a locker room and act like a
basketball at football soccer ball on a
baseball oh cool it's big is the world I
think this was around when I learned how
to smile because my family told me that
I kept smiling with my eyes I kept doing
this that's all okay hmm
there are like the early teens years
from junior high
things like seventh grade was so proud
of this cake I felt like I had conquered
the world you can barely see it but it
says some taste first cake yeah I got my
little Walmart batter and my little
Walmart icing and decorations
help like with the spring to life and
then I got like the piping I'm looking
green and red alternating the color
schemes this is all my nose started
coming in it's like I'm subtit I'm so
cry me oh okay this is like early high
school when I discovered that I needed
glasses oh my god I was so tiny I could
see up close perfectly but everything
far away was blurry I thought that
everyone would like them everyone
flopping and then I got gods and
everything was like freaking clear and
crisp and sharp it was amazing you suck
this much that's not I was the funniest
thing can't really see it as a picture
but I had a fauxhawk like I had all my
hair was short my side and a long on the
top and then I pushed it towards the
center and it created this little
triangle that was my hairstyle for like
majority of high school and college
years I made my head look look a diamond
oh my god my phone saying necklace this
is one of my pride for being full of
cleaning like shut up like crazy if I
didn't say I'm gonna say enough you can
look at my necklace and know that I'm
first it was around the time like the
full of City projects we're going any oh
I mean be wearing I mean be wearing a
bracelet I didn't even know that that
it's a fun of spinning flag reason
before my growth spurt I had completely
gone through puberty yet that was a late
bloomer I didn't go through puberty love
like 15 like my last year of high school
I wasn't tall yeah I was full really
short really tiny good this is what this
is after I was good puberty I grew I
shot up all my friends with ham man in
early summer and they came back at the
end at that summer that same summer and
he was like dude you grew look four inch
I just shot up one supper once I'm out
of here one summer I just grew
unfortunately I only grew this way I
thought gross I'd wait as will I just
stretched I noticed it in this picture
because you see my forearm look how long
my forearm is so well it never ends it
keep going this is one of my personal
fashion sense started developing I had
got where did I get that so oh my god
that's muttered that's from forever21
this is the one forever 21 has just
opened up a guy side a lot of people
don't know that when I was in high
school and like junior high
HNN from 21 and saw all these places
that sold men's clothes like stylish
clothes did not exist then forever 21
came out with heritage 1989 I think was
called and it was legit like two racks
of clothes and that was it and it was
really expensive didn't have these
things it was hard to be stylish you
guys we had look American Eagle and
Hollister not although words look at how
many full of it somewhere there was
those rubber bracelets and it says free
Palestine on it and had humble love how
those are going to work a green black
and red one to show I'm the very
complicated oh my god oh and I got new
glasses got like really square wide one
did not look good on me but it was a
step up from the first one that I had
cousin horrible oh and a ripped Jean
Lafitte jeez oh my god this is one rib
genes had just come out and now like a
big thing I didn't want like to one trip
Jean I thought that was like a little
much and so I had one that just had one
little wrist
and it won't close it has fabric behind
it so it wasn't like an open hole I
didn't like that contest and my parents
would have killed me if I wore like
openly cut crazy crazy time well that
was interesting
you guys have any videos that you want
me to make many topics to discuss then
comment in the box below let me know
shot like guys are all doing well
don't forget to pray and be nice to be
kind and love one another and pray those
people suffering in the world take care
I shall love
