so a few days ago I received a tweet
followed by a number of tweets of people
telling me to watch this video uploaded
by a couple that I'm sure we all know
Syd and Dina who I obviously followed
because they're chill I like most people
have been following be in Tokyo since
way back in a day day many young Zemin
and yams and then Dina those key would
be Nikita's when he came in handy
I don't know them personally but
obviously one day we're going to meet
and we're all going to become best
friends because now these are the advice
based nature of their channel and the
fact that the video was called crush on
the youtubers I feel like I know what
this is about
so we're gonna watch it now what's up
guys hey coming on 20 anyways we're
gonna get straight into the question and
this is quite a funny one because of the
title but we will see Dom entitle the
totally crush on the youtuber that ever
somehow I have convinced myself to write
this email motion hope you can
tentatively we really care we don't know
it's not agree right now that really
sounds pretty and Shelby but it's a real
thing I'm 20 year old female Muslim and
I have a real question on a youtuber no
I'm not on girl if you want as I've
always found those people question oh
okay I'm not the type of person who
obsesses over a well-known figure yeah
thank you
actually anything I do like and
appreciate them as artists and people in
general I do not be a little attachment
but then whether it being a character or
them on their personal life however this
person I just love them as a whole I can
see his transparency he is a Muslim
YouTube overall a blogger and
I think I know who in Anniston youtuber
wiki is a muslim youtube overall blogger
and fashion designer did any one of
those i'm sorry one can do only one i
appreciate my cooking
this is symptom it's all I'm not
interested yeah so but all that is
normal the thing that makes this
admiration different from the rest is
that I love the person they are when he
stands for hers and his vision his
morals his kindness and transparency I
can go on and on I'm not a farm girl I
see this person I have a curious to your
curiosity I want to know them in person
I want to talk to them for hours he has
a beautiful mind and I want to get Wow
and I want to get to know him I want us
to be like partner friend Oh
any of it of the world I mean actually
doesn't even know exists we hope I have
it is we are meant to be by the grace of
Allah we will be I mean I thought I
would be allowed go so that maybe just
maybe he will see this email I would
really appreciate appreciate your advice
to me please no this is not childish
crying girls have to think I hope I
don't have chrome across everyone as you
go you would make
if it is my much screen oh it isn't a
drum roll please
always I'm rolling getting the color was
it coming
or previously known as like I've never
met to be but we know him quite well
well now don't know I don't know hambo
we know you online something oh he's a
very funny guy also very smart guy and
recently turned violent why don't you
just launch I'm just blowing pretty yeah
cool did you know what
Sippi I bought pieces from your line
yeah well I forgot to collect it if you
want to send it up and go and follow my
god
Delia Adams respectable figuring it out
we'll figure up in the beginning of the
email you really did sound like a fun
girl in denial you are fan girl no but
then towards the end I was actually
convinced that okay so what she means
when she said she's not fine girl if
she's not like comically like she
genuinely appreciated him I get that can
she understand him you don't mean oh no
no no no I mean me no I mean you are in
you're in love so I would say flesh
imitates of mind is the part in in the
email where you said you know you're not
fine girl but you just really love this
character and morals and everything you
feel like you really know him and things
like that I just want to put this out
there you definitely do not know him not
even tiny little bit true and that is
because she right honey who's on the
write-ups included we pick and choose
what we want to cut the end of the day
everything and I feel like Soapy's is
very real with everything they puts out
there bigger all of your content is very
real and raw impossible to just put
yourself out there
2007 ah how do you think that they know
my I don't know
he 100% and everything about him you
don't need to know this time always that
I remember when literally though this
much about me we don't want any photo on
anything I don't know about this much
it's like in habit when team in Italy I
just want to put the out there make it
clear to you that although you feel like
you know him I understand you really do
yes right link and a lot of the other
than that Emami idea
everybody picks in to what they were
right they right yeah no I mean what for
example ok picks and chooses but loads
of people like to cook this majority
blog is just so good but a lot of people
like to the bathroom and the best route
to show people from reality nobody
wanted a family even if you show the job
and the bad it doesn't mean that you
can't you I still no trust me
no youtuber no social media person puts
the bad out there and I mean the bad
yeah yes you're right about out house is
not really too bad so like a server has
madman I I have an anger problem
I am angry issue and you would never see
it like you would see that a little bit
I do that you better be better comment
on our something always like oh I just
want to say this finish is i express
myself in a different way I demand my
ass I have - no well I physically
express myself and that's how I've
always done it because which is which is
bad it's no it's not good to let it go
so realism I do not Ilana I had a pretty
violent I not have nothing from my
period just like school in school it was
very violent fight like all the time I
never learned I only known to use my
mouth like the last two years of high
school you know the last year last year
maybe not even math also high school I
don't even know but if anybody would say
anything to me it was a fight
honey growing up I was taught never
never get Li no not even that I would
just saw how to like sort out situation
or like if I ever wasn't really worth to
get it back yeah we're all of this some
people don't like my ladder or some of
that yeah I've never you're not your
mouth haha I'm kind of mommy mom could
bloody hell off my whispers a man I've
been in a finite area never I've been in
more than I've got fingers and toes head
she could turn boys the the main point
is you'll be very simple with
realistically this is not going to
happen
I mean nobody could you imagine how many
--mode we get like that as far as we
know he singled as far as the work I
don't know obviously we have no idea
that some famous party planner probably
got a thousand we we know I give you a
lovely regimen why a thousand girls that
feel lucky and let me tell you something
ninety percent of his audience are
female
how do you know you just have to look at
his comment yeah I mean I you know it's
not the same oh it's a secluded on
Instagram is audience majority of plan
yeah it's true you need to reach out to
him I think that's what she's trying to
do with this video
Sippi brother oh I'm watching oh yeah
you want to get the Maddy from that man
I miss it did I mention a lot of
accidently killed sympathy so what
doesn't
want to make the dough on the drive it
works
yeah alternatively you could go in Minda
Allah Muslim only and then this Emma I'm
feeling your blood you know feel like
not listening we got there that pattern
okay
if this feeling it happen Wow I mean
that would be what I think that would be
the best way to go about it right you go
to the outlet when you contact him right
I'll let you got the leaf and my
messengers on the left very well good
luck with it
email okay right whether you want to
make an order on his website and put in
the notes you'll contact me here the
digit you are on his website then put
like they never came and it's mega on
the contact pages yeah that's a good I
like that
that's clever gonna have to I'd
appreciate that rappers in Austin Texas
right you left a cabal looking boy down
what you love you're gonna get stopped
I'm gonna get 40 if you ain't a know
what we could do in the meantime
of the tweet this video out to sub P you
know if you if he is you know you don't
have somebody right now we're really
looking for self no heaviness or
anything on that face though is if she
has somebody right now and he's engaged
maybe or anything and he was like a big
primary on and we apologize in advance
to allow his muscle of but other babies
that I cannot live in identify to you
know what get me this go detailed then
we will probably well pass on your email
to sake and you will hear from him
it seems like I know thanks mate can I
just say is highly likely in Congress
probably not in such a broad way like
run don't really want to do that cuz a
little bit I know why she liked it so
much Jake Gyllenhaal take you on my
corner Oh between us if you want I'm
dueling running look like basin I'll
take that okay dollar Jenna I really
should have between but the thing is try
and make them real I would hardly y'all
out there the think they're gonna marry
your youtuber be with the youtuber a
well-known ones just leave it haha and
vice versa calf your mind and you're
trying to get with about you know and
she really big youtuber walk very well
no just leave it anyways this is going
on a bit too long that's it pointless
well basically sit in vi√±a turn into
flipping with the money it's true taking
um oh my god gonna start by saying thank
student Deena for freaking out gotta
jump 100 of and I see that and I
appreciate that she just now just
because this is a very personal matter
one for the girl because she's putting
herself out there and we're not here to
to mock her embarrass her and to because
it involves my relationship status where
I choose to keep very private
so naturally I'll be handling the
situation in a private so it's okay is
the relationship status let's end here
guys it's done I was like a second Venis
statement about not really knowing
youtubers and bloggers out there because
the way I view social media is that for
people that have a following social
media is a filter
and you choose what to put out there and
you choose what to not the other so
there are things I'm going to stay on my
social channels isn't done on that day
there are things I'm going to do there
things I'm not going to do it's a it's a
curated version of a human being not to
say that I'm some sort of shy pawn and I
live like this double life for at night
I like drinking I'm clubbing hardcore
and I'm smoking twenty percent women and
I go online I'm like mashallah
so that might make them guide obviously
I try to be very upfront and an apparent
authentic to who I actually am online
social channels but still it's still a
very filtered version of Who I am and so
for anybody who you know thinks that
they know social media people just know
that there is another size of them that
you just don't know not not necessarily
bad but just a different side of them
this has been a very eventful and
interesting interaction communication
but again thanks to Dina appreciate it
yeah some pyaar laters good
let's read some of these comments though
looks up to fate ahahaha the guy she's
crushing on is my cousin how lovely
who's this our top I mean it made empty
my head I had to Google who took a
Taha'a and I get it
ha ha ha then I go look up cetana so
clearly nobody knows what it is one of
the only guidance from youtubers who is
not a douchebag
ah I think that doesn't mean a lot to me
I try not to be what girls do that and
the rest is up to LA ha ha that's a good
one you his name well I what's up LA I
thought it was Adams father but Adam
Balkin do fashion stuff too but isn't he
gay sorry to fine well Lana Collider and
Matt I'm here for little comment why
scuzzy it's clearly so pissed off he is
the only male most fashion designer
no that's the goal Oh plops with soap
estas Nassif ha ha ha that's what that
was that one launches
