modesty is a way of life for me it stems
from the teachings of my faith it
manifests through every aspect of my
life in this space I live in how I
interact with the world how I speak how
I dress
modesty disconnects you from the
physical aspect of this life it
encourages the idea that you're not
defined by objects like your money or
your house or even your body you are
defined by what's in your head in your
mind that's who you are
that's what you want the world to know
you for the clothes I design enable me
to make that concept of reality they're
not intended to sexualize or accentuate
the human body similar to clothing seen
throughout history and traditional
clothing from all over the world back
then clothing was simply means of
covering the body it was hidden and out
of sight it forced people to connect not
with the physical side of your existence
but the intellectual emotional side
beside they can't see the side they have
to dig deep to understand exactly who
you are as a person
that's my inspiration that's the Cepeda
option
