ah acorns he you know yeah hey yeah what
I she got it so entire yeah boy what
what you're doing me Willa well let me
Annie Annie
are you a boy are you a boy who's just
picking up some acorns from the Acorn
Bala I couldn't be call in sick on one
lady corn I don't care this is my house
it's my corn we don't touch okay well I
mean the sidewalk is public though you
see um well no public water totally cool
about this this is my three this is my
loan you don't touch can go get em Mac
is this your Hmong house
my mom says yes is this her house no
then what they're still doing here hello
and after yeah uh who's your dad anyway
huh who's your dad who's my dad how the
were left with leche yes who's your dad
what's his name well his name is Richard
okay how you like I'm gonna call your
dad Richard and I'm gonna tell him what
you're doing and he gonna he gonna show
you huh
and you're gonna give thanks I didn't
spit like this on your face oh how would
you even call him but the accordionist
down before I'm gonna call your dad now
okay
here put him down anyway uh-huh keep
working like this don't look back and
look at me like this drag la calidad
rest of it
and she forgot how to her the shares
mashaallah a little hot on me yeah Yi Li
ain't had G
how was it growing up biracial and in
America
do you have difficulties finding your
identity if you don't know I am half
Palestinian half Filipino I am Muslim
and I grew up my entire life
