yeah Marhaba yeah I love Salafi Comaneci
yeah ha ha ha i-i've been empty so I
have the big cushy the bits and I'm
nurse hello my name is Sarah not in yo
lo that's me talking out of yourself a
yellow badge mcnabb-mallory has stuff
even managed to avoid from a string the
eyelash it falls to me yeah I'm gonna
hurt Stewie
amid thank you sir you must know my dad
mom gotta catholic quick Lahaie hell in
an hour video i'll ferric bay from stony
ends oh and sorry visibility Helene
Eisman Michela it's just gonna be a
actually we're so going to see an open
discussion we don't really have a strict
agenda so we're just gonna talk through
things whatever comes up will come up
and you can't just throw I'm gonna talk
about all Philistine II and all sooty
people obviously they're different or if
I don't even know now I'm obviously a
lot of different cultures within each
country and we're not speaking to every
single one of them were to start
Mullenix our own experiences as false
cleaning and suni people slash
somebody's last shooting let's start
with accent I'm Howard counter words
feel like one of the main differences
between like regions is the
pronunciation of the letter of off and
so like in Palestine if you're from like
the rural area after if I laugh or a
villager like my people
you either pronounce the cloth as call
or cap take a light off you can worry
okay I've got your country or you can
sit with a gap if you're from like
southern fella state like if you're as
everyone does
sit down instead of saying what the real
way would say oh call it but I would say
Oh God or some some fella and for the
same I say alright then there's like the
method a people the city folk they
wouldn't say ah for the class ones
they're saying oh god they would say
alright you don't have that they have
that too don't have a gap yeah oh the
chap y'all do hittin up to thank your
mama right now on the hot leather cloth
so we have aa cat and Gavin y'all have
more bad yeah I feel like Kath is very
very hot especially close to them but
also if you select in the chat like
there's like the really really really
finale Philistine people they pronounce
the letters like they the COFF becomes a
cat and then the actual calf or weight
of the way calf becomes chat that saying
can you take Chen look idea Cheney
sit down and you dog haha I would say oh
god you're Ken but they would say oh
part of your chain I know that don't
y'all in Saudi and so what oh yeah yeah
yeah I didn't she always says Chuck
right yeah she does it's like is that
cause that's the only reference it's
like I know some cultures of the cutoff
area they say Chad everyone is beautiful
everyone's we just upon me and it took
one of the biggest things that like
whenever I would visit y'all's house and
I would talk to her talk to dead head
which is high they say that they don't
say take that in Paula students in
theater or do they say theta and
that was the first time I was exposed to
sooty sugata B and then I was remember
always skewing oh oh my dad had to marry
her dad so all like the way like that it
flows the sentence everything was oh
yeah look
and Kristin chesa and Justin is like you
all say a lot of all and focusing is a
lot of a clings on up your like
da-da-da-da-da instead of that in like
fullest in yet for look it's very nice
when I say it's a sad LAN and you all
say it a little bit more looks at on
come on but it's like gone instead of
like dead been it's not like a even
gonna get into the Zetas songs oh it's
good nervous me law it's not really only
amid the words make it was on for dingos
saying like John I know y'all would say
like Jean John
like y'all how's the job like yeah it's
not like Jack every time I make talk I
just always feel like I'm complaining
about something like when I say I'm
husband on your and say many G on Jan
instead of like John yeah I just feel
like an old man boy yeah well yeah one
other thing how we make a verb negative
did not eat it no a lot of these Matt I
can it man makes it I did not think
which y'all pretty much to say minute
y'all stick to but follow stay out of me
we're a little similar touch the Mustang
out of me where we make something
negative we add a shot at the end of the
verb so I would say and something Matt
Kellet we'd say mad cuz dish or
sometimes even just take out the Matt we
just say okay dish oh my god we got
always the Abby I give it with my friend
I've like that I get it captain
I get it come below so come so cute let
me say I don't want y'all would say my
daddy yeah I would say bitch yeah I
think are my baby should the difference
like with mostly I know that they don't
say like they say like the data and the
chef becomes like one word it sounds
with me Shh
I've managed mom mommy Chagin but we say
I'm a fish there's like I feels like a
pistol under the tap I miss dish so the
the mostly no force leaning very
similarities because there's all
similarities
what is that it grows one of the
similarity I don't always similarities
we do say I know it's like um like you
know how in like the pronunciation of
the letter yeah it was half you would
say I you would say hi and that's how
you would say I under like I know
90 people some good many people they
actually say iron but a the most
Palestinian and more sensible stay and
sooty people and you say aim that in the
yeah that the heavy a becomes a it's a
long cassette up at a long hear myself
saying I'm late
we will say yeah liliane instead of you
lady ie
words phrases phrases what else hello
don't what me no one's odd things like
I&E to the end like yeah I'm not gonna
say William me hours more what a
Palestinian I colossal II we're not very
expressive in love we're not very loving
I think we're one more rough we're a
little rough around the edges there's
full of more action yeah we're not we're
not very romantic oh now I see no motion
Aman 50 what was just pushing the bush
what's the diff nice no actually why
things like I was of the same thing so
for that smack in the database to call
their wives bent on me Oh what because I
just do I think because they actually
were weren't they the actual but most
problem okay like I know the fellows
thing we used to do that too but because
they actually were that is the daughter
of their uncle because they used to do
first cousin marriages Oh Mohamed Brahmi
llama they'll say yeah I really don't
know what I would go to girls house they
said all the time and I don't know what
I was saying I heard I just say every
time I said
and would always yell at me for saying
it or ha ha Sheba hashable
Hodja who is that it just means like how
did you bet like has a bug
oh okay baby Thank You sod now I know we
gonna go for now I'm assuming but seems
like it's like the logistics not like
huh it's like it's like the muscle about
it already like stop already Akashi yeah
I can look uh y'all do say about food
y'all tell it what Ana well there's um I
don't want it that's the cold one
I don't it's everywhere but they say he
up it up yup that's what it is young
girl what I could go anywhere I could do
any work what a kite out
what's that thing I'm arriving on your
mom made that these little there little
dough balls with Rosie oh I got the last
eight people neither two we have it not
like it's Debbie right yeah we don't eat
it in a ball it's basically a cup set
for fall Spanish people ask em SID it's
like rose some vegetables and like
ground beef like a cucumber yogurt and
they put mint and mint yes
but whenever I went to the house you'll
mom your mom served me in a ball though
I was like I'm yeah - yeah - without
good hand you like you get the ball in
play yeah I was like this is oh it's so
it was good the thing wrong was good or
just it was a different experience as to
eating the full of Spain where I just
scoop my thing and then I eat with your
hand or you eat with your hands
we don't need other hands typically but
it's like for us it's like it's Sunnah
like I like I what to call that like a
NASA
I got ya in a role like whenever we
would have the like it's tradition to
eat men's F at a funeral and so all the
men would go and we have this huge trays
of men's up and it was like
respectful to eat with your hands Vic
you said earlier about how uh how y'all
eat they eat foods so I was like there's
a bird on it
you guys big thing to me and my sister
went to their house like for the first
time in a really long time she we go to
the table there's like a billion things
like there's so many options there's a
lot of a lot of like medium sized trays
when you go to a photo spinning event
you get one big-ass tray that we all
like a new van you don't like it it
doesn't matter you're gonna eat at us
but I met
it's either the big-ass chain of Mensa
big-ass chair mokuba or something but
you have one option and like they put
the hot wolf in the middle like the mean
tires I feel like it one way we found
one seriously they make though they make
it look decorative oh yeah they care a
lot about how they look and obviously
there are cables annotation obviously
but there are posts any people who care
about how it looks but for the most part
I feel like people care a lot more about
the looks than most they're developing
your own just like yellow
oh wait I'm on again Oh in breakfast I
notice oh yeah and follow straining
breakfast we do have a whole like have a
bunch of little things that will have
Leben or like full and hummus and all
that stuff everybody gets like a piece
of bread and then you just dip it in
whatever you want but I would go to like
Sudeep sunni houses everybody gets a
plate and puts the food on their plate
and they eat the out of the bread with
from their plate because i remember me
my sisters and I started eating from the
plate and I looked around I was like
nobody else is doing this but me and I
weddings I should've had a banner at
Austin Felicity I didn't realize how
different it was until she showed me a
video of light whose wedding was it was
one of my cousin's weddings and how they
do there's a fit the entrance the
entrance music and the entrance dance
y'all called as if at all I always call
out on the wedding the music that they
seeing is like different different from
what else to do I love how much we have
that we say that but it's not as mid
it's all ooh I love em oh oh and then I
heard I was remember I bought CD from a
man one time and it had the 20 songs of
this right
got going no no no no listen before I
still got my degree so all I literally
heard was it was low just one guy and
this be 20 minutes straight holes like
in the policy I didn't have no idea and
then I met I went to their family's
house and she was playing a song and it
was that guy like he's back and
apparently that's like that's their
version of zeth amuse yet and the sore
and they have yes in the way I like a
little fight and you'll have the best
below aladdin vests and a little of the
bush i remember i brother with that for
halloween nursing a lot of fire i would
always see people having fires I don't
like men holistic a fire house if it
seems so dangerous to have like a
billion people standing around in a
guy's body wasn't blowing fire to
Pellegrin policy is a lot more basic we
just have like guys wearing the Kumba's
like the fellow spinny stripe thing they
have some guy with a thumb window I'm
some time to have the omelet it's like a
it's called a cutter bit it's the
bagpipe y'all know sometimes they do
sometimes they have in there we often
have the back pipe but now is just
making out like the big drum pretty much
the same content don't like that idea
some guy says something I thought
everybody else repeats them but you got
I think I don't know I don't think
Syrians do have the henna whenever like
the day before the girls we all do Anna
I don't not the way you do I think we
have like something else but you'll have
a pin up for a tradition of putting head
on the girl not that I've ever seen
interesting I could be wrong
yeah dumb the butt
and Tommy now managed to find you -
should I - super had a captain damn it
so let that hot all the time yeah it's
so cute
Palestinian we don't want this with all
this and waving back Tintin my boy this
is the all of the I heard this Lorne Oh
a kingdom a bismillah the first word we
say bismillah
- our son and this happiness is the
happiness of Hawaii Oh babbit now ah
it's a lot we don't want anyone sad or
mad or upset that's one of a very made a
cut a similar theme we always talk about
Allah and little soon for the block -
understand when I throw soon
somehow soon hey me Muhammad Ali it's
not to sit up but to look when I finish
your ballet well as exciting a shape on
a it's there any shape on a like spits
and disgrace on the Shaitaan is there
rain on the eye of the devil
the lies in a minute young man put a
love smile I the best came out from the
bathroom
yahaha away like an o the far the man of
the haha the Kofi and there again the
one on top of his head like a oh yeah
and they weigh about 260 Oh types I
understand the concept of is it hot or
the hot of drugs Thomas Lee pumps is
like seven of like dumb blonde
yeah drugs house ours is a people from
tiny Haley if you're if you're humble
yeah you can you're like hard-headed and
not so smart that's not true obviously
at the stereotype why not slow bottle
yeah you through a jobless no often I'd
like to take this moment for a dive for
our people may God be with us and our
people in our land and keep them safe
Alicia meet a lady home
Illya ham home inshallah I mean shot low
one day one day our people will be
hungry we shot a lot and shot a lot I
got very deep very quick very sad Finch
Allah you know Ilan got a keep faith I'd
keep the faith in God it's all it's all
God's plan
you know renowned I'll see y'all later
ah going back home in a few days oh ah
she's leaving Texas in like three days
it's okay miss that snapchat
guess what we're doing sigh paddle
paddle
awliyas ahead by two feet
