yeah yeah are on our way to the airport
to pick up our cousin side she's here
for like six days and I drew out this
very extensive plan an itinerary for the
six days that she's here and so I'm
vlogging the entire time the guy he said
there's no such thing
hurt this 121 out of Canada how long has
it been sod two years and uh ship to see
y'all ocean and a wide mouth on um hey
yo hey yo hey you pathetic E yeah yeah
yeah look at my filter this is the
filter that I made
boy it's not gonna show up now it's
gonna show after I ha ha ha after how
long has it been officially for four
years of note in and out alas I'm not
four years later we meet again howling
sunset goals sunset goals goals with the
hustle of a little thing funny another
watching fella he follow stand-up kid my
dad had a video cassette of this i watch
as a kid I learned up giving this money
with the AJ oh my god three three yeah
you have to do it in sync y'all do
together hold no hands for those who do
not understand what this is this is a
philistine EFL or palestinian folklore
like old traditional dance and music of
Palestine look way way back in the day
and I've liked the origins of where that
came from
this
guess what we're doing slap huh hello
hey day two of sod does Texas paddle
paddle all years ahead by two feet a
little month of agenda and masala
if I think it'll be on if anyone's
getting stuck in a tree Dahlia okay calm
down
vodka that is terrifying what is all of
this crap I know wants more you know one
who I'm not guess who we found
complaining oh the echo in here y'all
got so freakin intense in the end the
waves like just started crash in
Alliston we got to dig of breaking jump
off the lamp like ten minutes and then I
are way back so bad
my god ow
my boy ordered right sweet came to dial
down town to go to Sprinkles Cupcakes
but he went to an address have initially
brought us to someone's house
you got a cupcakes from sprinkles sugar
and red velvet how we were going to a
park in the middle of downtown Dallas to
eat the cupcakes yeah baby other
packaging so apparently the park is
closed and of security gradual walking
around saying we gotta go but we found a
place that's hidden behind bushes my god
this is so fun
some halal pepperoni pizza
we only pizza
smaller than this we notice of dancing
so sad and I just finished filming
translating out of you songs video and
then a differences and traditions /
similarities between full of cleaning
people and sooty people took us way
longer than expect it took it's like
four hours and now it is 8 o'clock but
my mom mama what did you just make she
read my clue of it
we're about to eat yeah mom yeah your
mom ethical of your mom a lot of each
yeah but he said it she got it so we
fish had there's kind of a I mean
criminal case criminal case
well I edit this very loud video of us
it is Monday and me and sod I brought to
head to the gym but we just got in the
car and it's like 1200 freaking degrees
so she's sitting inside and I'm sitting
up standing under this tree to cool down
because so freakin hot
Alana be oh my god did look good yeah
it's okay yeah yes yeah all black
fortunately didn't close like me we're
both wearing all black I said that we
should have some sort of dance move when
we walk it so people know who we are we
have an entrance
so we went to the gym got it very
exhausted they went to Chipotle we ate I
ate all my she ate all her but I can't I
was nauseated I was like I can do this
male I'm gonna get them we dressed up
and now we are going to the mall for
like 15 minutes because about to close
but hey we might as well do it why not
only sad family is that where we going
y'all I literally thought I thought
these were puck it's I thought they were
armpit pockets ollague what would a girl
do with that I can put my wallet inside
there it just do I look like a potato
y'all do I look like a pineapple I just
realized this is like the fourth time
we've driven to downtown in the past
three days um what is this they trying
to steal from the subject our collection
is H&M kind of front tonight is a pizza
night like we used to do and like how
many years ago like five years ago we
were now at Walmart and we're buying
ingredients alia gets off
she gets off like right now and so we're
gonna go home make some pizza with her
and then it's karaoke night at home okay
it's karaoke night slash pizza night
it's great it's called some pizza it's
called subcase cafe and laughs it's
great family they have a new location in
Bedford we posted the YouTube video
she's been getting all his YouTube these
Instagram requests she's going to where
he going with Scandinavian countries
going to Scandinavia actually go to
Norway Denmark and Sweden next week
right yep she's leaving with her fan
next week so we are at home now we just
finished setting up the bits that stuff
dub it's a station yo for our work
station of some marinara sauce some Z's
a toon straight from Nablus shukran some
basil some mortadella
yeah mozzarella lumps have some salt
pepper and of course some some basic out
of a bread you know like eeeh ikea ikea
ikea ikea yeah
IKEA IKEA IKEA IKEA
thank you idea yeah sod would you like
to start us off yellow-belly first we're
gonna put a little bit of this one this
is what you used to transfer to the oven
yeah you put the feel of it you guys
love it Oh Janelle mozzarella shy phooey
and as it is technique with that harsh
edge with the techniques I turn on mommy
let's go when I'm in charge
what have I an asthma I care uh-huh
harkaman yawns okay what if I wanna come
get Tammy no pizza
David not open a bigot Oh we'll shake
her bed to sell his house doesn't have a
neck Stefan hey have them a cool heck I
even do
montr√©al how that stretch money
attorney Zack activity and eviction
extra hot x-ray yeah without extra
Yamaha Debbie yell over single men were
single man single woman hot more
Catalina high in Brenda somehow Walmart
welcome okay pester your lungs Mila I am
good colada babies Johanna - Ricardo
burger with hey put it up now we wait
alright
how did it turn outside please show them
that looks disgusting to be good with
little of it is not look baptized again
on each after that it just cut it up
look at that look how young young you
like him out overhead doesn't have me
started to karaoke and now eating
you
day six of the upside does dallas yes we
are about to go to eat first and then we
are gonna go to the train station and
take the train to downtown Dallas and
then walk around there but hopefully not
die because it's a brewing degrees out
again but those kicks though Oh Fred Oh
frickin hot allah shoe a hundred and ten
that plan take pictures of me Sonic
please I am very sensitive
hey guys slump hey Bella make him better
perspective that's a look how bad these
Carly going yeah
and in downtown we are
where we going
smells like a lot of east or it was like
Mahuta cardomom it smells like cardamom
in seven spices
transact pictures and it's so freaking
hot
we're sweaty a very previously me show
Elana fee Oh almost got hit downtown
Dallas views okay so we were we what we
got on the train and we had to wait like
50 minutes because it was taking forever
and so we've been periscoping for the
past like
vlogging me periscope on right now
little bit daddy can listen to Rudy wait
he's away
she's so excited she's like
