knocking restaurant I was literally
scared me
hey hey go to the boys show on that path
so alia plants little birthday day for
me cuz she's the coolest yeah hey you
guys so it is the day before 8:00 and of
course I am waiting till right now to
figure out what I'm going to wear
tomorrow gonna have to excuse the the
hair right now because I just got off
the shower and it's super afro we had my
beanie on because it usually keeps it
calm but I just took it off but actually
should probably go put it back on right
now because it looks crusted yeah that's
not going to happen because I just tried
it on it made my head to look a raisin I
don't know if you can hear that but my
dad's watching babbit hot just finished
sketching it up it's basically gonna be
a little modern too - yeah little Jedi
Bay yeah I draw out what parts and we
become now just pulled some inspiration
from something I made a while back and
then here started to plan out what I'm
gonna be cutting out and using this
material called poplin um super super
cool stretchy
I know it's used for like men's
button-up so I'm basically using it for
the stash it then there I have a little
pattern I'm basing this session
that's actually the the pattern I used
for the shirt and like TMI videos also
kind of pulling from something I
sketched last week a little bit of this
guy a little bit of that guy this is
just overall sketches that are ideas
that were that have been in my head I
just wanted to pin it up for the next
season that I design um and this is like
the overall photography apparel concept
direction oh yeah it is like an hour
until if thought that is actually on the
mannequin
I was helping alia figure out what she
what she's going to be wearing for
tomorrow it's actually one of the pieces
I made for my fall 15 collection it's
like this really light crispy um long
Hebei gonna be killing it tomorrow both
of us and all white hopefully look slick
as hell all these lines keep getting and
killing it I just kind of like that
whole wave that way what
Ilia is off tomorrow and I mom is
working but she's trying to get off in
child
and then my dad's gonna be out of town
we don't really usually have big plans
for ade but this year we're going to try
to do something different if you don't
want to do it the typical like go to a
restaurant out of your restaurant and
then go visit people because it's lame
you do it all the time and so we're
thinking I was thinking hopefully we're
gonna try to go to like a museum this
new museum in downtown Dallas because
that sounds really cool
I'm gonna take some legit pictures and I
just you I have to go find shoes for my
outfit tomorrow because I don't have
plain white shoes well throw out that
I'm still not used to this whole
vlogging thing is like daily vlogging
I'm thinking maybe flogging throughout
the week and then posting that whole
week as a whole because I don't really
do that much stuff I don't really do
anything interesting I need to go pray
and finish this dish - so I will keep
you all in check I've got it feeling it
came out really boxy and square and
stiff and I'm digging that I just
finished put it in the pockets both
sides I think I'm gonna wear it with
this long sleeve fitting under roll
ously I get the tube socks going um got
my shoes I'm gonna go white versions of
these shoes but yeah I just have to
close up and overall y'all want to wear
with this hat cuz I look it fits the
religious look yeah so does Thursday and
me and I oh we are heading to my old
co-workers with my party being hosted at
and other co-workers house who just
happens to be out up but it's super far
- what's up - what are you doing MJ's
cookies she's recording on other side
I'm seeing a record until she's done the
weather is really nice as I'll talk to
that it's like a hundred and five but
it's really dry and so I feel like I'm
baking not humid so I felt like we're
supposed to be bringing something
cooking at someone's house a gift or
something but I don't know what to bring
so we're gonna be basic and go buy some
McCloud out of a store on the way are
you hiding behind me she's perfectly
hiding like she keeps telling me that
she was super hungry me to go eat and
she's yet she's tweaked taking her time
yeah lay a bet about McDonald's I want
to get food for the drive but so friggin
far but alia ordered a happy meal and
they asked if you want do you want uh
apples or whatever and we were like
apples but does it come with fries still
he's like yeah and we just knocked out
the orders and did not come with fries
and I Leah's mad now back inside she's
like there's no pride
where the prize for her happy feel
she'll be okay the girl was really
apologetic and I'm the guy that gave it
it was like trying to give me the whole
the spiel it's going on brah what is
that please show them show them that
suck what is this do you see this since
one it's so tiny
no cuz now that you've fruit you get
like two fries in there guys we found
the most thought of thing in the entire
world look at the sign it even comes in
the back
it's so cute honey oh my god and then go
with some salad brah got shot got the
one back Larry I swear
well we're both getting a little hangry
Mary but I found had as crispy cheese
most nor Minges been telling going on L
marshmallow we as L you hush
is that is that Rice Krispies just
ordered Ida be fruit to go out of a
hollow rating for the food do we want to
do an outfit alia want to run through a
fat run through Yom consume look at that
snatch look his day yeah you know it's
chilling in Dallas you know these girls
that came up to us and asked to take a
picture and they had this cutest cutest
I'll I don't world occasion it's Friday
morning I am heading to North Dallas ish
to meet up with my old co-workers not
the Sun was yesterday the ones that well
my direct team the company that I left I
had two jobs first one lasted for
majority of the time it was like two
years
and other Java had flex three ones
people I'm meeting now are my co-workers
from the first team because
that team got dissolved and it no longer
existed were swimming
talk about some things
since things went
downhill and this just so happens to be
a very eventful week I don't typically
go out this much that's been like every
single day this whole week that I've
gone out or had something to do and that
is never the case some people that I
hold very close to my heart that work
with them for a really long time having
a work fan I found out is very important
I'm real I was able to find people at my
work that I was able to connect with
it's not easy when you don't have
friends at work but I had people that I
was close to still are close to oh this
is the homie this is Tanya this is the
one that you she's gone that kept me
sane the entire two and a half years on
she's the best and now it's all
you
you
it's my mama hey mama
