how babies other-- okay go cool down my
car cuz it is hot as balls out here in
Texas law is at 9:30 and it's being led
by I'm gonna say man I'm not a silly man
I'll ask me to change went what the Sun
doll instead of the shoes yes yeah yeah
what are you wearing right now I'm when
I ring subete ah I love his stuff I love
the stuff circa 2015 2015 fall okay okay
whatever
fabulous let's leave the Masjid we just
took our first round of shots of our
outfits yeah cuz we still have to take
more we're in downtown continues rican
ticket round round one only section one
mama probably has breakfast like she
always does a tradition waiting at home
or in Bamian mmm yeah and then we're
gonna go pick up our fam at the Fatemeh
and then go figure out some plans and
one that
Oh as usual we took way longer fur break
than needed she slept it's like seven
hours later now we wanted to go to the
museum I wanted to go to the museum but
it closed like at 6:00 so now we're just
gonna go take pictures because we're all
wearing white picks up my mom hi mama
she's wearing one of my shirts and
dresses that I made she's okay Oh about
a tow-truck bra it is like 2,500 degrees
out here oh my god
I might not a picture oh my god look
it's my mama hey mama
oh my god she's so good downtown sound
and it keeps going I'm a how over it are
you right I'm really bitch she's swag
like no other right
Vanessa Tulane but no wash hold on
in Jeep has Fatima Ruben a towel and sha
la la demence oof
I don't know who have planned but yeah I
should beaut
they're holding hands well good eat oh
I'm sorry we're gonna eat Chipotle pizza
so long to do on a Wednesday or even
areas to go to there's like no areas
we're leaving downtown now not really
though we're going to eat
decided there was this girl in Seoul all
today this little girl she's like
probably like six she walks in basically
in a little awesome outfit like like
tank top like spaghetti strap oh but she
had a hitch it like a smell the funny
thing and it was all gold shiny shimmery
was the best thing I want to hug bottoms
again
we live here under the key oh my god
although there were so many little
little little little lot of kids wearing
they're just a but it's like
because they're so small their frame so
small and there's so just little
material on them that it just looks
fluffy as hell and they're just like and
then you can tell her they all just woke
up
feeling the Pakistani like fashion style
elderlies they're a lot more today a lot
more Lee sharp we ended up not meeting
up with the fam fam blam we end up haha
as basic as possible going to Alucard go
to haha we're so faint like we were in
downtown we could have gone to some
chill little really cool Italian spa but
we decided to go with the garlic bread
hey that stuff was so good
and we just got back home I worked very
hard to not get any red sauce on my very
white dish Dasha and I just noticed that
I got this one speck of red sauce on
there real though we were just looking
at the pictures at the table and it
looks so badass mama looks so good isn't
that right mom she nodded in agreement
me and my sister actually my whole time
we've had this discussion about how um
we are the type of people whenever we're
hot everybody and their mother will know
that we are hot we don't wait till it
gets the point where we're just too hot
as soon as we feel any sort of heat
beyond our base our normal temperature
what we do we go oh my god okay that's
not this is all my god
I thought it was ironic because our mom
is the type who who waits like she'll
wait till she's like sweating and then
go ahead and then go to be I'm hot I'm
like oh why didn't you say so
again I look in the back sit back in the
back of the car where she's sitting and
she's like drenched in sweat like mama
why did you say something and she was
like why didn't mommy you're just too
sweet but it was just us being really
like overdramatic and the but then I
heard my dad we step out the house like
two days ago I always hear him say but
it clicked for the first time he walks
out he goes oh didn't you
uh-huh like oh that's where it's from
it's bomb ah it's just it's the matter
of us not hiding how we feel if we're
hot we're gonna say wrought hyperbole
where's Erica if I'm hungry I'm gonna
say I'm hungry
if I'm nauseated I'm AB like yo have you
guys yeah um I'm starving it's so
dramatic
what's this little shoulder thing it is
the end of the day 8:00 is done I know
in other countries some people celebrate
it for multiple days but sadly my family
does not even Bartek everyone what a
call mama tell everybody Mubarak hey
yeah
I'm hope y'all had a good day in sha
Allah shall I talk about blessed days to
come I mean everyone saw y'all got
y'all's prayers in sha Allah
take care
you
