so I didn't realize that it's been two
years since I started making videos I
thought I'd make a video of me watching
my old obnoxious annoying videos hearing
my own voice just so yeah let's get
started with the obnoxiousness
shall we oh my god it's so loud
why don't you as funny to put my glasses
on the tip of my nose that's not see
it's like Carver I look 12 I was like
completely shaven okay that's pretty
I've ever happened to that cord this is
what I forgot
I don't know how whenever I edited the
video it somehow came out auto-tune and
so I sound like t-pain the entire video
and my hair why is it coming to a point
like this and the angle I'm like oh so
uh you tella
oh yeah oh my god my voice is so noxious
this is when I've actually bought a
camera when I came back from New York
and I felt it necessary to be literally
right here in front of the cameras in my
hair
why is it what why does it keep coming
to a point you I'm not him I hear my
prepubescent face looking like a 12 year
old got a thermoset access sock there at
least I admitted it I look like a
character from Twilight I look so pale
without the cameras feel so close to
perfect it was like why am i I'm swaying
yo this is lame I went through like a
minute of this song in front of the
camera this is the most awkward thing my
southern accent is horrible it's so rude
and why are the glasses the glasses are
like this big they take up half of my
face
y'all gonna hear lame and obnoxious a
bit
timezones video sarcasm to the extreme
why do I have to lip-sync it why am I
talking like hella news reporter this
video would be decent if I wasn't so
exaggerated why is everything like okay
keep doing this little eyebrow thing as
if I am reporting a war going on oh come
on oh oh give it yo yo my hair what what
was going on move while I insist on
dancing all the time what was what was
this dancing oh no this was making fun
of the dance look so that make sense I'm
so exaggerating I'm like and and it's
more wedding normative hmm I think I
can't get over the a froyo
coconut head looks like a soccer ball
and you just cut a place for your jefes
and you just place that's how I look
right now
oh my god I had a coconut head so this
is when it starts to get normal not as
bad I don't look completely 12 maybe 13
not okay we're done here
I'm nauseated from all the cringing
right now so it's really hard to capture
yourself or your real personality in
videos in general and so I feel like
whenever people that know me personally
see it they're just like oh obnoxious
fake though bottom line I just can't
hear myself so I know I always say I can
start making more videos novo I really
can't now cuz I just now start getting
the hang of work and my life child:ah
boys on Twitter you want to follow me
there or Instagram I want Instagram
literally 24/7 I started a blog little
style fashion blog its blog that's okay
TOCOM I will put the link in the
description below if you wanted but I
don't know
you
