waiting man I did it travel Michalek
shui yeah yeah hi Nene so my bad guys
haven't made a bid on how long but I
started working and it got real I got
really caught up and just really hard to
get things going but this is my dude
Hammond's a ahta I gave him a shot on
the Calico and I didn't even know him
and so now he came to Dallas and Mike
Nevada together
here we are so welcome to Dallas we will
be doing a would you rather tag type of
questions so we can go ahead and start
while we eat
padishah what ridiculous is / would you
rather be really hairy or completely
bald I find this really pertain stop I
would go in bold I think I would go
there but if you're bald
that means you have no chance if you're
hairy you can at least shave it oh I
like having a nice set of hair I shot it
happen but it's gonna grow back is he'll
be like like this but you have to just
keep on every single like Dave autumn
autumn women do it so what what they do
Adam my bad would you rather be tall and
fat or short and well-built I would say
tall and fat because if you're short and
well-built you can't you can't become
tall like you easier to stop but if
you're fat and tall you can work out
wait it's same forever like you can't
change it no it says would you rather be
tall that I'm short well though it
doesn't say like forever Mac tube - no
look - forever look to you too
mekt you would you rather be for five or
77077 for me I'd rather be told and sure
like how awkward that me trying to find
a wife that was four feet four and a
half that's a prize a big issues as
usual eh by the way part of me jealous
but let my fire boy here didn't let it
go so come up with a wife I would rather
be
yeah seven seven as well I'd rather be
tall men I'd be dunking over people and
stuff you know you are top oh yeah but
like taller taller taller I may sit up
straight I'm so much this guy's so tall
and it sounds like whoa oh it's all legs
would you rather lose half of your hair
or lose half of your hearing my question
is that kind of questions no long shot
it
so let's look you either be when you
rather be rich and ugly or poor and
good-looking rich and hungry I can get
plastic surgery this is forever and I
got mcdu me too yeah I'll probably go
with Richard with this is making me so
nauseated would you rather have hiccups
for the rest of your life or feel like
you need to sneeze and not be able to
depress them you're like a lot out there
the entire day I'll do it some smart
smart aleck kept on going good how good
luck before I even sneeze I blink when I
lose the sneeze I was like that's not
funny oh well I somehow feel like you
need to sneeze because now these people
take it I was right hey what's up and
would you rather take an ice-cold shower
and be clean or not shower at all
ice-cold shower yeah that's what we do
it I'm not as well
yeah oh yeah you can't go to other
countries without being disciplined
enough to take ya know I've taken cold
shower man it's crazy and you have to be
able to be patient enough to wait away
water to come up it takes like 15
minutes vent for the hot water to come
up rolling comes out like a low I never
do
I don't even waste some time Sagan I
think I did it
because my uncle here is I want me to
shower too often cuz I don't want he
want me to waste the water and I mean I
don't have but I had this urn about nine
of hot water certain amount of water in
general and so I run in the shower and
it's good looking throw the water
quietly like I don't want to hear so
good two minutes doesn't burn ice hole
and hockey what cliff good up ok this
extremely pertains to us all Stinney you
rather be forced to leave your home
country never to return or never be able
to leave your home country Oh
Lowell oh well life to come to our
choose to never be able to leave my home
country I would probably leave what
I'll probably leave a like a shovel
out here Alex else lie island imagine
now just rather leave and just like help
them from outside I'm saying well they
go crazy because they can't leave
because the borders are closed now
that's depressing
all of them room all would you rather
have fingers as long as your legs or
legs as long as your pink ha ha ha yeah
ha ha you have the love like would you
rather be in the middle of the Sahara
Desert with no water or be stuck in a
North Pole with no jacket those users I
don't want to be yeah feel like if you I
feel like because we're on ugh like
we're raised to always cover our stomach
and so every time like we get a cold
wind our stomach biggest on you
sometimes people go it's a lot of things
y'all know that I never knew it's only
out of the note that do that like it's
because we like they raise us from when
we were young to cover our stomach all
the time so that when I'm but when we
get older like any cold gust of wind a
stomach boom the runs the roads would
you rather say your son from certain
death or your daughter what the hell
that's that's so cruel I don't know I
actually take the daughter row ahead
what I probably agree with that yeah I
don't like young boys except for my
brother like I love my brother but when
he starts crying like stay away from me
how you get them how he'll get ya you
get your summer Zoey oh sorry
hey ADA hell can't cough becomes gal and
then Oh would you oh my god this is so
on a hold on would you rather argue to
preserve your integrity or bite your
tongue to maintain peace
I would definitely argue to preserve my
integrity
that's a lot of it's like me like I
can't I can't I got this discussion with
my cousin I was like I can't shut up
like if something's wrong we're like
someone being obnoxious I'm just like no
I have his I can't sleep with squid -
Anna not sure but - I feel like you
would bite your tongue to maintain
clothes I would oh good for you cuz I
can't would you rather know it all or
have it all did you go too deep for me
was getting me depressed Maya thinking
about all the issues in the world
there was an Islamic event for was it -
my int Mach so shout out to them for
bringing him to Dallas that's why he
came here
so it's clever on that we're at the
event nice job guys they were all super
cool nice is bunt I'm this far away
beyond up kill your mom in a row last
question would you rather find true love
or have 10 million dollars a million
dollars calm down yeah true love is the
most important thing in life because
when you have someone who loves you they
can make you feel like you're the
richest person on earth good we're gonna
been happy right on top job and got a
clock tick hater threw it all away
he's just trying to make me seem like
he's like the perfect match up laughs um
remind see Katie robot Debra's diva to
cheer good cheer yeah bitch Maya desde
la carga Daniel he's a big fan of
Egyptians I love it in your sandwich all
your sins yeah I think true love I love
it
sure what brings you happiness you know
you have something that you love you
just always happy when you're beside
them the opposite you love it's attached
the other half of your diene so like ah
yes now yeah sure yeah man
honestly if you if you have something
that you love they just make you happy
all the time when you're around friends
that you love you're always happy but
the fracking yeah whatever you you for
example you have a job that you love
you'll be happy
oh oh like you rotate them around loves
the circle blood yeah so Blum make make
sure you're doing what you look make
sure you're around people that you love
don't be happy in your life man to be
happy you know don't don't make too much
drama I just learn how to just love and
express that loved people died seriously
though like so if you help someone bro
tell someone you love them
love you bro hi baby happy by doing a
live web browser
that's it us I'm gonna be a little
condom miss many people on camera how do
you do yeah oh you know this is balls
why it's in life yeah once I ever friend
pass ever used to go home from school
you so ugly Callum is mine it's a Heidi
backbone what guys it like voice
hold Hannah's ID yeah it's weird I
noticed that so what and I saw boys like
walking home from the mechanic looks
like and they're like holding hands hi
alright let's just up this dudes flight
leaves in like two hours three hours
literally like Rebecca Packers up and go
so that's having you mean how maybe it's
my nose please go subscribe to him he's
very inspirational given my mom watching
his videos really yeah just seems your
cubes just like all these very hands and
move but won't let go subscribe to his
channel pick up and link someone on the
screen or in the description below but
yes until then upload more videos please
yeah my bad inshallah hopefully one of
his fans I like Twitter broken
upload more videos it's hot I need to
find time I just figure out I didn't
start sleeping on time and separating my
my my breaks inshallah inshallah
Guggenheim's I oughta go follow on
Twitter everything Instagram it's my
dude I will see you guys later
so full next time flies stop my so are
there my name's Soleimani Chuong
yamazawa the haram beyond up q mop up in
the road there's no song they're gonna
take us out hotel yeah
