so I've been getting a lot of requests
to make a video on how to speak Arabic
and that's what this is plus I thought a
video on basic oddity words and phrases
would be beneficial to y'all especially
during this month of Ramadan I also know
from experience that for those trying to
learn how to be it's really hard to find
information on conversational or
colloquial Arabic because everything is
in Fatah which is the old Arabic that
people nowadays don't use as much
conversationally on a day to day basis
I'll basically be teaching y'all the
slang gotta be or a lot of you here if
you were like dropped in the middle of
them Allah or something when I speak
Palestinian Arabic so I'm gonna be
speaking in Palestinian Arabic which
people from Baudette - m or the Levant
will understand which includes Palestine
Lebanon Syria and Jordan I believe once
you get out of that region and into the
Gulf or Egypt and North Africa then
you're talking about a completely
different ought to be dialect they
should understand you but they might
reply differently than you would what
those thinning will do for now I'm going
to start off by teaching you guys how we
use English letters to type or text
because in Arabic we have letters that
don't exist in English so we actually
use numbers to take their place that's
why a lot of girl on Twitter asked me
what is up with all the numbers when I
tweet an airbase because it kind of
looks a little sound like videos so I'm
going to break down the most often used
ones because I'll be using them in this
video I'll also put them in the
description box so y'all can follow
along throughout video if you can read
and write and how to beat then you'll
notice that the number used somewhat
resembles the letter it represents and
out of you starting with number two the
app sound or a glottal stop like in the
name what in the sound then number three
which represents I was just like in the
throat ah like in the name oh my and
then seven which represents hat which is
like a heavy H like ah like in my name
so hey that's all the ones that I mostly
use and
that I'll be using in a second once you
get deeper into the language you'll
eventually figure out the rest but
that'll have to do for now now know that
there are a bunch of ways to say these
things but I'm just giving y'all some of
the words and phrases that I typically
use there are a whole lot of ways to
just say hi you can say Salam alaikum
which means peace be upon you the reply
why they gonna sit down and upon you the
peace as well or you could say Helen or
hello sometimes you might hear Marhaba I
say a Flynn a lot if you want to ask how
are you you can say get in hand which is
the easier way because it doesn't
require any conjugation you could also
say get holic if you're talking to a guy
and get high lick if you're talking to a
girl to respond you could say
alhamdulillah which means thank God
indirectly meaning good thank God or you
could say I'm Lia if you're a guy and
leha if you're a girl to ask and you you
say wind up if you're talking to a guy
and wind it if you're talking to a girl
and that goes for most general questions
so if someone asks you a question and
you want to ask them the same thing back
you just say wind up or went there to
ask what's your name you say s you
schmuck to a guy and s just make to a
girl the reply is it's me and then the
name so I would say it's me so pay to
ask how old are you you say Kadesh I'm
black to a guy and cadential medic to a
girl the reply Alma d7 sorry but I'm not
about to go down the entire list of
oddity numbers with y'all because I'll
take too long go up and go google that
but I'm 21 so I would say um buddy water
I'd wash lean send it if you want to ask
where someone's from you say mid one and
down to a guy and mid when in day to a
girl the reply
in the country so you could say min
falsely or min America to ask what
you're doing you say shoot its Ali which
is the same for gang girl doesn't change
there's also ship damage for a guy and
should a melee for a girl now when you
want to say bye
you could just say Salam which is just
like push or you could say what you use
to say hi which is Salaam walekum it
works for both hi and goodbye
and the reply is the same as well why
they come is sellin hope those were of
some help
for those trying to learn out of e I'm
not sure whether to keep going on with
this or not so tell me I'll think in the
comments below what they all want me to
make more videos on speaking how to be
and go more in depth I mean I know most
of my subscribers more on up anyway but
still there are a lot of people that
want to learn i oughtta be so you gotta
keep mind open open arms
also if you'll have any more video topic
suggestions feel free to comment below
every once in a while I want to make a
video based off of y'all's suggestions
 but yeah inshallah y'all are having
an excuse to normal on because I am and
have good luck and yeah you guys
later push
you
