guess what next week is my 21st birthday
hey hey mm-hmm but for real though
Ramadan is coming up in like a week so I
thought I'd make a video of fasting tips
in preparation for the things to come
just the disclaimer I'm clearly not a
doctor
these are just things that helped me get
through them Adan and I wanted to share
with you guys in hopes of making it
easier on goal
inshallah tip number one to prevent from
shocking your body a few days before
Ramadan actually starts start to control
and watch what you eat maybe even fast
like half a day just to prepare your
body for the first day so you're not all
good God it's not like this digesting
ends up plus you get passing out for
fasting extra just start portioning your
food early on which brings me to tip
number two the most important tip
portions with both foods and liquids
which means no stuffing of the face or
gulping down bottles of water in the
times that you're allowed to eat don't
eat to their full eat till you're
satisfied overeating will just make you
groggy and really bloated it's better to
eat 3 light meals than 2 heavy meals
remember that your body is taking a hit
during the Milan so you need to be as
easy on it as you can you're going to
put on is's good I'm gonna play about it
as a fan a poem or letter to hopefully
for you highlight a couple of it
basically meaning eat what we have given
you but don't overdo it because that'll
make another aka angry and I don't think
that's something anybody
to do Rockenfeller as difficult as it is
have to make a first fold and eat or
drink something even if it's nothing
dates or a cup of water
something just has to go into your stuff
and you should be up for fetch it anyway
so uh and you're already fasting from
sunrise to sunset so if the last thing
you ate was at midnight that's adding
five extra hours of unnecessary fast and
it's so not to eat stowed so why
fricking not remember to Porsche me a
meal it's something small and healthy
tip number four wanting to eat
everything at Fox Al's like a blast but
it's really not good your body's been
deprived the entire day so eating a
heavy meal that's really difficult for
your body to digest is the last thing
your body needs I usually break fast
with a few dates it's enough and then
have some water and a bowl of soup or a
small bowl of whatever food that I'm
going to be eating and then 30 minutes
later I'll actually have the meal
that'll fill me up like just enough
doing all that prevents me from being
all tip number five having enough water
in your system cannot be stressed enough
when we're allowed to eat no matter
where I am even in the house I'll have a
water bottle beside me to just keep
drinking and refilling throughout the
night realize that your body is getting
zero water for almost a whole day so
drink up
number six if you're working out or
running during Ramadan make your goal to
maintain your fitness not improving
don't make fasting harder on your body
and it already
verse 7 this is really young ones who
have never fasted before or this is like
their first time along fasting it's all
about practice one day to start fasting
for like three hours
then as the day's progress add more
hours so eventually you'll be fasting
full-time boom then for those who have
been age-appropriate too fast but don't
unless you're traveling you're sick or
you're on that time alone you have
absolutely no excuse you need to be
fasting there the teenagers that try to
use the I'm in sports excuse which does
not work because I study in gymnastics
and I had practice from two to eight
straight and I slow fasted so no God
would have made it mandatory we couldn't
handle it so do your crap together and
the last tip for your friends and
families sake please brush your teeth
and most importantly brush your tongue
because that's where all that staying
breath is originating from I promise
that rant was not intentional while
saying that you have to go this far but
when I know I'm gonna be out for a long
time I'll bring with me a mini tube of
toothpaste to grab roll every once in a
while to prevent from offending anybody
with the fasting breath all I know
you're pod to be fasting much all lytic
but there's absolutely no need to show
it off using your breath I really hope
those tips help y'all out those are just
some things I've been taught that helped
make my fasting easier and sha Allah
does the same for y'all now I'm slowly
getting used to this whole vlogging
thing because I usually suck at
remembering to record but I'm getting
there
inshallah I'll get to do I did with
y'all last Ramadan and Ustream on the
nights I stayed up toast hood cuz those
were extremely fun and they made me
actually look forward to fasting
hopefully that was mutual yeah habit I
went on to you guys girls families
remember to pray as much as you can
because it's worth way more than usual
but I hope you'll enjoy fasting and
shout luck that makes it easy on y'all
and I'll talk to you guys later
