no you've never loved Sun on your voice
on tape you never wanna know much we
wouldn't usually sits up y'all a long
time for months making this an update
video because a whole lot has changed
since I last made a video including my
hair yeah yeah one of the main reasons
why I haven't been able to make a video
on so long was because I had just
graduated right right I just graduated I
got my bachelor's in graphic design um
it was my last semester so it was
extremely hard I was taking like three
studios and for classes in total so
that's kind of held me back from making
a video that and I just really don't
think about all the editing I'd have to
go so yeah now I'm onto my master's
degree in the same thing graphic design
just my thing
so if you need any graphic design work
done okay I applied to the school I
graduated from UT a University of
Houston and SVA in New York which is
like top design school like one of the
best in America I got an interview from
Houston and I got accepted there and
then I got an interview for SVA in New
York and I freaked out like just getting
an interview means a lot so then a few
weeks later I get a letter saying I got
accepted and I was just I anything a
reactant I read the letter I was staring
at others I was just like I had the time
I shot up I was so friggin happy and
then I went I tried to figure out how is
me going to be paying for the school and
I slowly started to realize that it
would be near impossible me to afford
that school it's twenty thousand dollars
a semester plus boarding and living
expenses and everything I'll be leading
the school over $100,000 in debt for
design school not even medical school
look at this design school that
station that is true deposition but I
was like you know what I got over it
wasn't in God's plan for me so moved on
they after that I get a call the
University of Houston offering me a
scholarship my first year I was like
hell yeah yeah you know even though I
didn't get to go to my dream school
handler it all worked out eventually
I get a letter from UTA the school I
graduated from telling me that I got
declined and I was just like are you
freaking kidding me I didn't get an
interview like I'm not being cocky but I
got into SVA but not UTA
but look hello Amy yeah that's where I'm
at now
just chilling for the summer relaxing
I'll be moving to Houston in August and
sha Allah those who don't know Houston
is film Texas it's like a four-hour
drive 45-minute flight so I still good
to visit the family and I'm gonna have
to visit pretty often because I'm the
last son to leave and like obviously I'm
the favorite so it's just you know and I
was going to be like really hard on my
mom loved her to death though lower that
she makes up like 90% of the views on my
channel hardcore fan right there love
you mama
it's pretty much it um hopefully I'll
start making more videos more often
inshallah I'm on Twitter like all the
time like 23 7 not 24/7 because
obviously I sleep but yeah talk to you
guys later please
