hello people gonna work this my older
sister alia I a bunch of people in my
last video my last questions video asked
me to do a access don't do this is asked
me to do a accent tag not accent accent
video so that's what we're gonna be
doing I asked my dear sister to join me
so hi out she nice least agree to it so
shall we begin
Michel just a heads up we're not trying
to like offend anybody at all this is
just like our legitimate attempts we're
totally gonna be stereotypical we're
gonna like generalize but check that but
yes but don't get offended I totally
forgot to mention that were in my
sister's room like the hope change their
venue I thought it would be kind of cool
to change up the the atmosphere this is
her room wanna give a little intro
here's haha we're gonna be eating a lot
to have like a pella snack right here on
the back issues so we're gonna be eating
New York accent I can't I live in New
York for two enough oh I'm horrible at
it yo yo where you from Brooklyn to get
out of here
yo that's mad cool though that's mad
cool what are you talking about yeah I'm
from New York I gave you a deal you
can't give up I'll give you an offer you
can't shut up mm hi sausage is a new
jersey accent New Jersey it's alright
hey I'm from you really better what the
hey these guys Oh
Jersey Shore I'm doing Canadian oh hello
way to I'm sorry
I'm from van I'm from Vancity guys I
bets Filipino Canadian I'm from Toronto
what's that word a boo I know that's not
I know the Canadians actually say that
but I just are we going to the
are you gonna take the rest of it
Southern Texan I want to do that I'm
saying that you guys good
we grew up I grew up and good all use
Texas Oh bless your heart lost 90 pounds
soaking wet
we got to put some meat on her bones on
an x-ray slap you smell what I'm
stepping in yes that took too long for
you I don't think about it you can hear
about you kiss your mama with that dirty
mouth area Sears I'm not very now holy
bejesus it's super hot in here hold on
okay general English accent now which
I'll read the rain in Spain comes mainly
in the plain
after reading Nathan hellas don't make
it so posh door let's see I wanna know
hello peasants hello hello mr. Holland
did a fantastic job portraying stone as
an ordinary American ordinary ordinary a
child given hello to the war and tried
giving her
listen I tried giving her little cup of
water
mitah shit I have you know a ch√°vez no
idea what's a child like the ghetto
people will have it's like down to mom's
not lock down to your mouth it's like
it's like oh my god I was like ginger
spice I tried to learn to give me look I
try to give her a cup of water
ha ha didn't quite work that way I tried
to give him a given one cause she said
she wanted pop it's like Malik saying
then same personality mother it's her
personality personally hey listen that
le okay cockney that's the exaggerated
when you've done earlier pop nice oh hey
I make it with a cockney accent and
accurate it is accurate oh I don't know
yet
the rain in Spain and so my my lady my
lady Knight Ramos boy Oh Bristow brush
I'm from Bristow hey to show him how to
give a net play at West Country at West
Country slash Bristol Bristol that's
like I tried I tried trainer gave me
real couple George how are you while
you're the little bird wait by topping
Manchester I'm from Manchester oh I know
like Manchester yeah they're from
Manchester right
I think but like the girl for Manchester
I won't play soccer jargon I is there's
one play play met with guys what can I
do that why are we stopping - my arm
fuck are you doing mine
I tried talent that's hope why are you
doing that
oh yeah that's nice I don't want a
football it's all ones you organise
Irish from Ireland oh yeah I'm for you
I'm from Orient we're still on Bristow
it says you went back to Bristol
I'm from Northern Road around a grimoire
my life in Belfast and they not only
took her time off sorry English I think
I can just say orange will buy our
entire Marland Ireland I like me a big
cup of Guinness squash I'm from Scotland
I'm from Scotland
I'm squash let's go swim in the pool in
Italy 400 spotting spotting photographs
a breathtaking inspirational look at the
weddings and wedding dresses well okay
when you see the glamorous and romantic
nuptials I'm pretty sure TIFF shows were
accurate notion of yeah
hello meat no jeez
Libyan go je je parle francais Trebek oh
shit a holy say major oubliette beaucoup
Pasek a journey too deep you need to do
pas alone Mexican it was some poeple
mommy mommy what's up papi I like I
dunno
come here mija let me help you come here
dad you don't even know me I use me
German Oh
noggin hey start to his ba house in
Vemma Volkswagen look Morgan I like
jogging Volkswagens beautiful I joined a
Volkswagen and I'm German and I drivable
enjoyable so frees up chicks in words
got a Mercedes really ok Brown slash and
Desi so pain can kill that I can't I
don't like trying I'm not talking about
you accurate it's you I brother please
donate your $3,000 don't touch my belly
I like that I don't like it when you
touch my body honey
Oh huh Filipino accent my god are you
doing oh my gears so sweet you're so
good oh my God he's so fucking really
because my mom doesn't even have accents
heavy she doesn't she don't have a
Filipino accent this heavy what we like
to do it anyway Chinese hello hello
hello
you don't know how to talk to about cuz
you have little girl it's a little girl
are you from Vietnam who fuck what
something for Boozer he was
you Americans are so funny Australia
Isis only from Australia get a mate
that's all I came I am a most Radia
magnificent 7 Jake Gyllenhaal you're
good
I don't even know if this Decker ain't
got your dedicated to the UK to this I
love Monica I love my opera it's too
much transept the had someone knocking
on the door I hope you're okay now we're
going to be one - ah to be Syrian army
oh so nice so cliche classy they know
about if she whopped
a bunny to avoid any flu I don't um all
right
oh good good I'm not your mom no I'm not
your mama knees a lot of the election
Helen a luxury luxury I know well this
is like baby with you kind of more like
Egyptian you do that because you're like
obsessed with I love you Jeff into Isis
like a Backson I'm a rebel by the owns
an auto sex with a cure is I think Iman
without said animal skin diver bye
Felicia
you do it lamonica maracle Salaam
alaikum Sarika rockabilly cheer a lot
Kuwaiti Iraqi Lich all singing tackling
machine piety
hey sometimes they're too much I mean
hey I can't do a spell piling sweat on
you want to respect you when you don't
respect yourself you have me like what
do you expect
what's your work too small
lovey well that was it I hope you found
that somewhat rather interesting you
have nothing to say just wanted to
remind everyone that with all that's
going on in the resident and all that
are suffering in other cities and
countries that the most important and
the most powerful thing we could all
possibly be doing right now is keeping
up with our prayers and reading dot for
all of them the theme of the day allah
subhanaw taala
is the most merciful and the one that we
should be asking for that mercy and help
area oh my god loves your rap what oh my
god it is hope you were someone detained
by this video uh I would like to thank
my sister for joining me thank your idea
it was a collector as a pleasure working
with you
makalah have you and I'll hi bring more
videos to come thanks y'all thanks y'all
um I will talk to you guys later keep in
touch
goodbye ah
