sit on my neck on brothers its brothers
okay here um I've been getting a lot of
requests that people asking me to make a
tutorial on how I were Mahuta or some
people know what as the goofy yeah I'm
gonna be showing you guys what's called
the wrapped phallic it's really simple
it honestly works great for both cool
and hot weather um so yeah let's just
jump into it get started okay so we're
gonna start out with the under piece um
I don't know what you guys call it but
we call it a cafe yeah um it's just
there to hold your hot done place and
prevent your faux hawk from pushing
through your hot dog and this isn't
actually part of the hot dog it's just
there to cover my neck because you know
so here's the hot that I'm gonna be
using it's your basic black and white
pnina um they're also made in cotton and
poly blend but I just preferred to use
pashmina um they're really thin and
breezy I don't know if you can see how
thin it is can you see that I'm not sure
you can get these at your local de kanya
or baccata
um they're really cheap I actually got
this one out of Imam couponing style
um I check out they actually owed me two
dollars so yeah it was a really good
deal so tell your mom you're on til your
hot dog get that coupon hang on you're
going to want to start out with your
head at about a third of the length of
the Hat though so maybe we're out right
here and what you're going to end up
with is a short end and a long end you
can see that it's really long so and you
just line up your hot dog at the edge of
your I feel and you pull it to the back
of your head like this sorry my mirrors
right here so so now that you have each
end on the opposite shoulder you're
going to want to get the long end and
keep twisting it putting the white ends
towards the middle just twist like that
and then wrap it around your forehead
like that once you
to the back you're just going to tuck it
in this little game right here like that
I don't know if you could see that my
bad so now you're left with this small
end and depending on what kind of mood
you're in you can go with the thumbs up
that look and cover your neck or the
mysteriously nice Lobby look and cover
everything other than your eyes um it's
really just up to you play my family
does it back home as you put that one in
the back and we get you see this little
extra thing right here you're going to
twist it and tuck it in the back like
you did with the other piece now to make
sure that your hot dog doesn't move
you're gonna want to put just a Debus a
regular pin like that just want to put
it in the back like this when it's that
good above so yeah that's basically it
um you have this nice hanging thing at
the back or you can just leave it there
or you can put over one shoulder or
maybe over the head look um it's really
just up to you and how you want to make
it unique and make it your own
yeah I hope you guys like it um I really
do it's really comfortable and still
stylish it's really nice for the whole
protest rally look um so you had to
subscribe and keep in touch for more
tutorials to come in sha allah salaam
article now please enjoy ten seconds of
me lip-synching against me with my one
true love
