what's up people's okay I've been
getting a lot of comments and messages
of people telling me that they think I
actually have odd of the accent in real
life or that some people read my
statuses with the audibly accident which
i think is really weird so this is just
clarification that I don't I've also
been getting asked a lot of exact same
questions and I'll probably still be
asked them after this video but I'm
gonna answer them anyway
first thing I'm half a lost Annie and
half Filipino my dad's follow stay near
my mom's Filipino in fellow Spain we're
from the city named Vidya um we're Fela
hello proud to be flat as well yes I'm
Muslim um you guys obviously didn't
notice the huge quran painting we have
in our living room no I don't live in
the UK totally wish I did but I live in
Dallas Texas um people assume I do
because in my videos I'm driving it
looks like I'm driving on the right side
of my car when I'm not it's just that
one of our record my videos it flips it
and everything's on the opposite side
which leads me to my next point
no I'm not eating with my left hand in
the video my dad made that very clear
when I was a child that's Haram um again
with the weird camera flip thingy I'm
eating with my right so the dude whoever
keeps writing his stuff for a lot all
over my YouTube page he said chill out
last thing I did not make the video to
hurt anybody's feelings I'm sorry if it
did um I love my dad to death the last
thing I would want to do is hurt his
feelings
whose not made to degrade that at all
just know that it wasn't made with bad
intentions in any way possible this has
been pretty weird talking to myself so
keep in touch
stay awesome I'll talk to you guys later
we'll sit down your dad know you have
Facebook
