knocking so I don't typically make rant
videos I just feel like they spread
negativity and pessimism and they're
just counterproductive but there are
some issues that are so prevalent so
normalized so overall annoying that you
have to address them I am so annoyed by
the Muslim community on social media all
I see is judgment backbiting gossiping
and trash-talking everywhere everywhere
you go no matter where you go it's there
no obviously it's not to say that it's
only the Muslim community that has this
problem obviously every community has
this issue but it just it baffles me
that it's a community of a faith that
preaches so much against backbiting and
gossiping and trash-talking and judgment
how gay is that it's also not to say
that there aren't positive Muslims out
there obviously there's a lot of you
know positive comment and a lot of
support that I see from Muslims but just
oh my god the amount of trash talking is
just over it's overwhelming it
overwhelms me I see people openly
discussing issues and people's lives
within the Muslim community when
something's you know going on with the
community people are openly talking
about it so much the fact that they have
a hashtag literally a hashtag of
gossiping that's the hashtag of sin
that's the stripe on hashtag who does
that who does that literally people just
normally tweeting their opinion and then
at the end writing hashtag so-and-so
are you are you sick are you stupid
are you dumb all right are you actually
dumb in that that's serious how who
thinks like that who does that who in
the right mind does that when we're
talking about the Muslim community these
are your Muslim brothers and sisters and
you were literally talking about them
and using a freaking hashtag man inta
intima and that jaw pain more mine duck
now there are Muslim youtubers making
YouTube videos of them literally just
reacting to other Muslim youtubers and
not typically in a positive way not like
this all just for fun no it's like I'm
judging you this entire video this is
three and a half minutes of me sitting
watching your video and judging
everything that you say and do hey Malik
enter what's wrong
what's wrong shamelessly shamelessly
left no hesitation they have no like
regrets in their tone in their body
language it's like they don't care that
they're literally just sitting there and
judging and talking crap about another
Muslim I saw this one where this
youtuber made a video on their opinion
about a matter that's going on them some
community and at the end they literally
said hey everybody write your opinion in
the comment box below I'd love to read
what you have to think honey but then
you said I'll literally giving the space
for people to talk crap to gossip to
backbite what kind of what kind of
thought process is that who does that
you are normalizing backbiting and
gossiping and encouraging other people
to do it that videos comment section is
literally a section of sin backbiting
and gossiping
what the hell I often see people defend
it and say oh if they're publicly
sinning then it's my duty to publicly
shame them yes I don't know that God set
you down from the heavens to to guard
everyone and tell everyone what you're
doing wrong who you have your opinion
that's fine let me give you another
opinion save the person in the video
that they're judging youtuber a is
making a reaction video of youtuber be
youtuber B is supposedly doing something
wrong in Islam the right thing to do if
you would disagree with what they're
doing say they're leaving their Muslim
social media life in the wrong way the
one that you do not agree with and you
have the right to you have your right to
pinion if you think people are are
misdirecting the Muslim community have
the right to say something but you do it
in private you talk to them one-on-one
you send a message you speak to them
one-on-one you try to convince them and
not come from a place of judgment where
you come from a place of love and
understanding and trying to help them
become a better person not shame them
for being a crappy person you speak to
them one-on-one you try to convince them
best-case scenario you convince them and
they change their mind
worst case scenario they disagree with
you and say get on my Inbox
then you can take it public but you take
it public without mentioning names no
names you cannot name job no no no big
red X like this no
thank you sir Salam alaikum no don't do
this even if it's a hundred percent sure
who you were talking about you are not
supposed to drop names you cannot that
is that mighty you've done your part
trying to speak to them one on one and
try to convince them but they didn't
changed so now you can go public but
again you do not use their name
how many Xuan Imams have blogs and have
written posts where they talk about
something that's going on in the Muslim
Kennedy or someone in the Muslim
community but they literally never
mention their name
it's 100% obvious what they're talking
about but they do not use their name
because y'all supposed to you can't know
there's legit an entire section on
YouTube of just Muslim youtubers
reacting to other Muslim youtubers I
don't wish them well oh hey I don't
understand I don't understand his baby's
lungs are not nothing
Ilana surrounding it Silvana now I'm
getting heated into relax for loving him
in the name of Allah Ya Allah
I see Muslims talking so much crap about
what Muslim influencers and Muslims
social media people are doing and when
those social media people try to address
these backbiting
the followers just say oh um you need to
learn how to take criticism and learn
how to take feedback and not be so
defensive because clearly you're
offended by something Oh miss Meena that
is my biggest my biggest pet peeve like
when I launch my clothing line I got
this huge uproar of Muslims angry saying
how dare you use the name of Islam and
your religion and faith and your
community in the brand that you develop
and then sell the clothes for this
ridiculous amount of prices and then
continue to mock the clothes that I
designed the creative direction in the
art direction I took with my clothing
line now I'm not just talking about the
price and I just making fun of it as a
whole and you're mocking it and when I
got tired of it and I finally said
something back they say hey hey hey hey
so P you need to learn how to take
criticism you chose to make yourself
public and put yourself out there you
need to learn how to take constructive
criticism XQ
criticism is saying so Kay you should
use a linen for your fabrics instead of
a cotton because it's more breathable
mocking me mocking my clothes in my
designs and my intention is not
criticism that is
MIT and that is pure backbiting instead
of coming to me and saying hey so pay I
think you should rethink the pricing of
your clothes okay I would take that not
you literally having a rant and saying
some of his clothes looking like he
bought a bunch of bedsheets and then
he's selling it for $95 excuse me excuse
me $95 for a jacket pay as in the jacket
goes from shoulders to the floor full of
material $95 you're complaining about
$95 when you spend $200 on a jacket from
Zara Helen Helen a I said I'm not
allowed to make a profit off of my
business excuse me
if you want to work the margins for my
clothes and doesn't like my products and
by all means do it teach me how to
merchandise clothing because clearly you
know more than me learn how to take
criticism I dick fine hacky hey who says
that shut up just shut up just stop just
stop if you disagree with someone and
you're singing you say about it then
talk to them one-on-one in private not
out in the open and literally go on a
rant with a group of people talking
about how much you hate this person you
hate what they're doing no that is very
very unmissable of you I see Muslims
writing these long forum posts and
articles about what other Muslim is
doing in their life not necessarily in
their a complete wrong way but it's just
opening the topic um opening the topic
is giving space to backbite what is
wrong with you
delivering websites and spaces dedicated
to talking about other Muslims loves
anonymity Allah knows a lot of a lengthy
not Allah what is wrong with people do
they not think that their words have
weight do they not think that someone
else is going to read this and they're
going to be affected think about what
you're saying whenever you write your
stupid comment before you write it think
use the brain that God gave you for a
reason and think is this going to make
them feel better about themselves or
just gonna make them feel worse about
themselves if it's gonna make them feel
worse do not say no no do not think that
God isn't watching your social media
your Twitter your Instagram and Facebook
aren't exempt from God's judgment when
you're standing in front of him on the
day of judgment everything that you say
every active commit everything you post
everything you write will be accounted
for on the day of judgment by God your
snarky um criticism that you're just
writing on your someone's post is not
gonna go easy
anytime you backbitten someone you talk
trash about someone you've given space
to openly discuss other people's lives
you are going to be accounted for that
what do you not understand about that
think about that oh my god people are so
slow I swear to God some people are just
so slow it literally just think about
the consequences to your actions and
your words if everybody did that so many
things would be different how about you
think okay what if this person that I'm
talking about sees my comments and sees
what I'm writing which they usually do
how are they gonna react to it if this
person is Muslim do you think that
they're gonna read your comments and
read your trash talking and say oh you
know I'm gonna rethink my actions and
I'm gonna try to be a better Muslim
there right no they're gonna read your
harsh rude disrespectful comments and
say well piss off with hell are you do
nothing you're like oh okay maybe yeah
maybe I should rethink it no however if
you approach them with love and support
and showing that you're actually there
to help them become a better person than
they would rethink it I myself I'm not
perfect I've made mistakes before and
I've been approached in two different
ways one someone going off on me
basically yelling at me and trying to
start a cult against me and the things
that I'm doing wrong and then they're
selling that came up to me and message
me privately ones like hey stop hey I
don't think that you should really
rethink so-and-so and I want you to be
the best person that you can be what do
you think - well - not this one hell no
I read this one and I was like I like
walk will cool a little critical
climbing into will go miss one I was
like you know what this one actually
respond I was like you know I actually
didn't even think of it like that
I had no idea it was being perceived
that way I'm really glad that you
approached me in that way because I
wouldn't have thought of it in that way
when this way I automatically disregard
because I'm like they clearly have no
level mindedness whatever no go with
this route guys this route love
compassion caring not judgement
backbiting and gossiping I have
literally never gotten this emotional in
any video before because I know I always
regret it but this is exactly how I'm
feeling right now so I'm gonna share
with you guys because I'm just it
baffles me I'm I'm in awe
I'm Lucas I'm cooking I am gonna cook it
how little people think about what
they're saying and how it affects other
people
and what bothers me even more
is that they would never say these
things in person babies all of a sudden
have huge massive balls sitting behind
this laptop typing or sitting behind
this phone and writing what they think
but they would never say in person in
person they would have their tail
between your legs but um I'm looking
online they're just so ballsy and they
have so much so much attitude and
confidence it's become so normal now
that I'm just like I can't I can't
understand it that one video where that
Muslim youtuber asked everyone to write
their opinion on the matter I was
reading the comments I was just like oh
my god these people literally think it's
okay
to write their opinion on what's
happening with this person's life and
this this issue that's going on they
literally think they have the right to
talk about it I don't understand I don't
understand I don't understand if it has
something to do with you in your life
let it go who are you to open your mouth
and share your opinion your opinion that
has no basis no foundation about what
what you think is happening everything
is going on
you don't know someone's intention you
don't know what's happening in their
life you don't know the things I've gone
through you don't you can't believe
anything everything you see in here or
you read oh my god matter of people that
have went through my Twitter back to
like 2012 when I first opened it and
started screenshotting old tweets I had
written in Chains back when you couldn't
act yourself taking these tweets out of
context and sharing now in 2017 being
like look what's up Hey look house look
at the kind of person that's okay look
at the things that he says or the things
that he talks about this isn't just me
there's a lot of other social media
people that I know that this has
happened to that people literally going
back and trying to dig and find things
that they've said in their past on
Twitter taking it out of context and
then accusing them of something when if
you had read the entire thread you would
know that that's not what I was talking
about but no people just love to find
that dirt and try to talk crap and just
try to get as much out as they possibly
can get the anger out in the world what
is wrong with you what happened in your
life what happened in your childhood
free to be such an evil person to have
no care about another human being and
think that you know someone's intentions
and you know someone that well when you
literally never spoken to them in your
entire life
all you know about them is what you see
on the social media and you think that
that's entirely them that's that's their
entire life yeah happy yeah happy social
media is literally
point zero zero zero zero two of any
person's life what you see is nothing
nothing what the actual life is about so
stop acting like you know them stop
trash-talking stop backbiting stop
giving your opinion especially if you're
not directly involved the matter just
shut up shut up it's rough even when
people sit there talking crap about
celebrities people have like millions
and millions of followers that's still
trash-talking that is still back binding
and you will still be a counter for that
on that day of judgment when God asks
you why you're talking crap about that
person the internet isn't exact from
God's judgement he can see in here and
read everything that you're doing just
freaking why do people have such a hard
time understanding that there's another
person at the end of this conversation
the person you're talking to is indeed a
human being who has feelings and
emotions so when you mock someone
someone's gonna get hurt
someone's gonna read that and go to
sleep with that comment the back of
their head is gonna affect them no
matter how small your mind is and how
ignorant you are think about that
someone is going to get hurt by these
words making them feel less valuable
about themselves and their sadness is on
your shoulders and God is watching that
something this is going on scene no I
can see that you said something impolite
rude and hurt someone else and now
they're suffering because of you I know
I'm gonna post this and then regret how
he did I got but actually not I probably
won't because this is like this is the
status that I get when something when I
see something happen on social media I
go talk to my family or I go talk to my
friends this is the state that I get in
because it just it phases me off so much
and it just sucks because this is like
the community that I chose to make my
target audience I chose and make my
social media director towards the Muslim
community and this is the kind of crap
that people get I asked right now that
you take a moment to make that ask that
Allah guide the Muslim community and
guide all of humanity and making us
people who are not judgmental
who are not imply who have couth about
respect for one another
anything a Allah guys all please please
y'all I mean
you
