hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be following a
YouTube tutorials instructions on how to
cut my own hair and then I'm going to be
cutting my own hair so earlier this year
there was a trend of attempting to
follow other people's YouTube tutorials
to see if they were actually doable for
example I myself recreated one of simply
may logicals nail art videos with
solidly mediocre results but apparently
very upsetting nail shapes so today I'll
be venturing into a different but
arguably more high-stakes genre of
tutorial hair doing as for my current
hairdo I haven't cut it or done anything
official to it since Brad mondo snipped
it for our perfect to makeover video and
I think it's time for it to be short
once more up until this point I've had
trouble finding the right time to get it
done mainly because I don't want to cut
it in the middle of producing a video
and have my hair just suddenly changed
but because we're sort of always filming
something in the background I decided to
just make a video about it so it
actually finally happens and maybe I'll
learn something in the process maybe now
I don't think I'm the first person to do
this in fact I know I'm not the first
person to do this
and though my personal inspiration for
this video was jenna Marbles rachet
salon I'm gonna link a few haircutting
videos in the description below for your
viewing pleasure so I guess with that
let's begin my only hope is that I don't
end up in a hairdresser react video
uh-huh that is a disaster okay so we've
transformed our filming room into sort
of like a hair studio and now I'm here
ready to cut my hair with some hopefully
protective layers on the ground and
table and a giant vanity in front of me
that I can barely see because my
camera's right in front of it so after
looking through quite a bit of the
YouTube cutting your own hair video
catalogue it seems like most of the
tutorials that teach you a doable
seeming method to cut your own hair are
done by like recreational hair cutters
and not really by hair professionals
which make them seem more achievable but
also way less sanctioned
I guess that just adds to the fun and
for my hair type there seem to be like
two general categories of self haircut
tutorials the first of which is for like
a long layered haircut and the other
which is for a shorter more blunt bob
cut long bobs short bobs it's up to you
Bob as I mentioned before I'm looking to
take out a little length so I'm leaning
towards the long bob path which actually
isn't a super different length than from
when Brad cut my hair though his style
was more layered and he also lightened
my hair a bit which I think worked well
and looked good for like spring and
summer but now that it's November and
it's becoming winter I'm looking for
something more severe blunt and dark
sort of like how it is at 6 p.m. now
that daylight savings time has kicked in
is it daylight savings time or standard
time
well what did Ben Franklin do it yeah
that's it oh my god I feel like that's
my first negative feeling towards Ben
Franklin so I will be dying the
leftovers of my hair back to my natural
color or perhaps even a bit darker and
we'll also be following a YouTube
tutorial for that this could be a fun
like video transition ready
so the tutorial I've chosen is this one
by Sheree
ah no new wave oh and it's called how to
cut your hair short and straight which
is what I want and her technique is to
basically put your hair into two
pigtails with rubber bands and then use
the rubber bands to measure where you
should cut and then chop now that seems
to be the general advice from everyone
to use rubber bands and then cut along
the rubber bands it seems like some
videos employ like a unicorn horn method
while others opt to like tie your hair
underneath your chin like a little
goatee do I look like a goat a little
bit like the Taylor Swift goat and
though I would have enjoyed doing either
of those methods I actually don't think
my hair is uniformly long enough to pull
it off down here or up there so we're
going with pigtails so I think that's
all we need to explain so let's turn on
the tutorial and whip out the scissors
hey guys what's up or welcome back to my
channel so in today's video I'm going to
cut
my hair same so the tutorial starts with
just combing out your hair so let's do
that
oh there actually are a fair amount of
knots in my hair and then step two is to
make sure my part is where I want it to
be I feel like my part is always a
little bit uneven is that a line I see a
part but is it straight ish yeah
whatever and then the third step is to
divide my hair into two even sections
regardless of my part and put one side
to the side now here's a close-up of my
dry ends and now you can clearly see
that it is in need of a cuts do my owns
look like that kind of honestly a little
bit yeah
alright and then the next step is to
make like a very smooth and flat pigtail
on this side with the rubber band
alright how's that oh well this is not
the chopping rubberband no I know this
is the intermediary rubberband and then
do the same thing with the side I just
put away Oh how's that
I haven't rocked the pigtails in a
minute maybe like 98 you're like
kindergarten years alright so I will
watch to confirm but I'm pretty sure the
next step is the cutting template
rubberband now with another rubber band
tie that beneath the ponytail you just
did this rubberband will act as a guide
as to how short you will cut your hair
yes this is the important one the other
one was just a throwaway so it's in and
now I'm gonna pull it downwards I feel
like my ideal length for this lob is
like shoulder length or maybe a little
bit above shoulder length but I feel
like for the initial chop I should give
a little bit of leeway and like go a
little longer just because like when I'm
gonna be evening it out and fixing it I
can only go shorter alright so the next
I put in another measuring rubber band
on the other side and I have to get the
two rubber bands even so the cut is even
this is the high stage part alright I
feel like this is like pretty close to
even I'm just gonna go check in the
bathroom really quick just to make sure
I think that this rubber band over here
is slightly lower than this rubber band
but I think the lower rubber bands are
at the same height or at least sort of
like approximately close near to each
other
hopefully alright so I'm pretty sure
that the next step is just to cut a
let's just double check to make sure
okay I'm scared it's not that much but
I'm still scared she's scared should I
be scared I mean I guess it makes sense
to be nervous
but I felt like we were just going along
so well so confidently she was telling
me what to do and now I'm not so sure
though I guess she did publish the video
so it must not have turned out too bad
in her opinion oh all right so she just
cuts right above the rubberband she just
goes for it she just starts like sawing
basically sounds straightforward I'm
gonna do this side first cuz I can see
it in this mirror here oh my god alright
I just want to make sure my scissors
aren't like at an angle I mean I guess
we would just end up with like an angled
bob but that's not what this tutorial is
about ready cut away oh oh my god it's
happening though you can't say that go
go snip oh my god it was totally at an
angle oh god it's at an angle now it's
getting worse
yeah just chop through us off
look how did you miss so much I don't
know oh my god the weird thing is like
it looks crazy right here right it looks
crazy but right here it looks okay yeah
I think you have an outside shot of
anything up to one of those fail
compilations maybe if they like trim the
video like just to this part I'm
determined to come back knows the first
chop you've ever done agree on here so
and listen we all start from somewhere
like Drake I started from the bottom and
now we hare
what does that mean alright so now I
think we just do hopefully the same
thing on the other side
hopefully I'm trying to now mess up the
same amount on both sides ready chop
away little little strokes there you go
I think you're gonna have the same
amount error on this side too are you
serious
maybe even more oh my god ty I'm doing a
really bad job oh my god oh this is a
hack job this is character assassination
yeah you know what they look pretty
similar I think that if I were to ever
do this again I would need a couple more
pigtails because my pigtails are just
way too thick for me to hack through
it's go no you're totally a hole punch a
bunch of paper at the same time yes just
similar sensation yeah my hair smells
good it does here do you want some I
called this serial killer ASMR okay so
we're here now so let me just see what's
next up in our tutorial I think it's
probably take out your pigtails and look
at what you have wrought but how he
could just double check I guess now it's
time to reveal how the actual cut looks
yeah yeah we'll do that I'm liking what
I'm seeing but of course we need to go
in and clean the cut up a bit all right
there we go
I guess we should see what I'm gonna see
and then we'll clean it up oh oh it's
incredibly uneven alright ready for the
other one oh oh wow that's really uneven
oh that's a bonus here there okay first
I check the length itself I really like
I can't see the back so I can't see the
jaggedness
but like I like this here look towards
me oh it's free English you know it
looks like right now soft you look at
your fart water that's so room I mean oh
lovingly I think he has good hair I was
gonna say I'm going for like a dual Lipa
haircut and you say Lord Farquaad well
regardless it's still pretty choppy so I
think we're gonna have to fix it so it's
even all the way around which is in fact
shuri's next step start by sectioning
your hair off and to work with the
bottom layers alright so now that I have
sort of like half my hair down I am
going to split my hair once again until
like halves and then try and see if I
can't cut them even comb the hair
straight pinch your hair with your
fingers slide it down till you reach the
end and then cut off those jagged ends
straight alright so I'm giving that a go
having a hard time with my depth
perception
you can tell interestingly enough that's
not doing a lot for me like as I let go
it's still really long in the back there
all right I'm going to do a first
evening pass before I do sharees method
just because I don't think that she
anticipated my level of mess-up see I
feel like now there's less of that like
crazy long stuff now it's more just like
generally jagged all right so now I'm
gonna go back to sharie's method of like
pinching the hair together and cutting
straight across to even it but see look
now will I let it go did you see that
look listen I let it go and then what is
that yeah you get rid of that how
because it seems like every time I bring
the hair together I end up cutting like
the front part of my hair which is
already like the length I want and then
the back part like doesn't end up doing
anything you should I'm saying yes it's
turning into a mullet almost
and even though shareed has more tricks
as to how to even out the back I'm
worried that I'm gonna keep accidentally
cutting the front as well so I'm just
gonna do some point cutting throughout
to soften up the edges but besides that
I'm not sure there's really much more I
can do at this point I mean listen I
actually don't think that it looks like
too crazy bad right now
it's just like the back that's bad you
know what though yeah so who can really
tell now in the rest of sharees tutorial
she basically continues to even it out
and then she straightens her hair to
like show you how it looks and I think
in general she seems to do a really good
job with her own hair and I think that
for me her tutorial definitely like work
to a degree I had some fun doing the
main chopped äj-- and I'm still like
pretty impressed by these guys right
here but I think in general I may need
to seek some professional help for my
loan
but for now we're just gonna move on to
the dye and hope that if I darken
everything up a bit it'll be harder to
see okay so I went to go take a shower
because I was covered in hair and
getting very itchy
in fact my station is still covered in
hair and in fact my chair is also
covered in hair I don't think I knew
this beforehand but it seems that hair
is the glitter of body parts but
regardless I have a hair dying video
cued up so let's die
so this video is called watch me dye my
hair and it's by Myra touch of glam and
to be fair it's not exactly a tutorial
she's just sort of like walking through
how she dyes her hair but her method
seems easy enough and her hair ends up
looking pretty good so I'm on board I've
always done my own hair my mom usually
helps me dye my hair and today I'm gonna
dye it alone but let's do it alright so
the first thing that Myra does is that
she protects her hairline and her ears
so I have this stain barrier cream so
I'm just gonna put a little bit of this
on my finger and then just like put it
on my hairline well oh it's thick it
feels like Elmer's glue
I should go around the sideburns I
suppose and then the ears are really in
danger here alright so her next step is
that she pours the entire bottle of hair
dye into her little bucket and the dye I
have is this demi-permanent cream shade
in the color 3n which from what I can
tell looks to be about my natural hair
color I'm not sure how much I need she
uses her entire bottle but she also has
longer hair than I do oh it's white I
thought it would be brown is that weird
that was really black
alright and then I match it one to one
with the developer alright so now I get
to take out my fun brush and start
mixing so it hasn't turned Brown yet so
I'm just gonna apply it to my head and
hope for the best I mean the box says it
was brown we typically believe boxes
basically Myra's next step is just to
section off her hair and start putting
it on so I think we should just do that
oh you know what what's up
I should really put gloves on oh yeah so
I'm kind of into like the elegance of
this brush like I feel very much like
hmmm but I'm worried about like covering
the whole strand so I feel like I'm just
kind of like starting with the brush and
ending with the hand I feel like it
should look more exciting but it's
really still just like a light beige
color Oh interesting look at what has
happened to my ear yeah that's Dave
alright so um clearly I'm going to have
to clean off my ears quickly once we've
done this whole thing but it seems like
it is working alright cool so I'm gonna
let down the rest of my hair and
continue to die slowly to be honest
I've just like been so ready to dye my
hair and even though I have like a
bizarre carpet like growing in the back
I feel pretty good about this
you look like Michael Scott after you
got gummies here my flight's is pretty
peanut butter is here that's how I feel
every day of my life
I feel like you know everyone wants to
grow up and be like a gym yeah and I
grew up and I ended up a Michael all
right so I think I'm pretty close to
being done I'm just gonna take like the
last bit of dye on my hands and give my
head like a final stroke there was like
one slightly gray hair over here that
hopefully is covered now he did it well
at least he has died all right here's to
hoping that's enough dye in my hair so
I'm gonna wait another like twenty or
thirty minutes or so then I'm gonna go
and wash this out and then we'll check
back in and see how it is okay so this
is my hair after it's been washed and
dried and I think that overall I'm
liking the darkness
I'm feeling very Midnight in Paris I
don't know just like a midnight sky or
like an inkwell that a writer's dipping
into with their quill did they still use
quills in the 1920s no I think that in
general the dye job seems to be pretty
even I haven't found any spots that were
conspicuously not died yet
but you know there's a lot of my head
that I can't see so something may turn
up so with the cut and the dye job done
I think that this is like my final
results of my personal handiwork I think
that in terms of what you guys can see
at this moment from the front I think it
looks pretty decent
but while the front might be like an 8
out of 10 the back is more like a 4 or
lower so in light of that I do think I
should probably get the back cleaned up
a little bit to by a professional just
so I can you know continue filming
videos without everyone commenting what
is that on the back of your head so
tomorrow I'm gonna go visit our friend
Natalie at this or dye salon and she's
gonna help me out all right so it is the
next morning and we are here at this or
guy with Natalie all right so basically
Natalie what I did is that I put my hair
into two pigtails and then I just cut
across and even though like I took it
out after and tried to like even it out
there's a part in the back that started
off kind of jagged that I like can't
really get okay
debora see it's longer back there you
kind of have like a little duck tail the
reason why it's longer is because you
pulled the back to the front so then
when you bring it back again that's why
it's got that rounded shape back there
but you know what I mean it's not the
worst I've seen so that's good there you
go so not the worst she's seen so after
we showed Natalie my handiwork
I had a couple of questions for her so I
guess my first question would be if I
were to continue cutting my own hair how
would I get to the back well it was wet
right when you did it no okay and it
worked for the person in the YouTube
video her hair ended up looking pretty
good and it was short like yours it
wasn't as short as mine right well
that's why it's harder to cut as well
because it's shorter in the back we came
to that conclusion after we did it so
per Natalie if I were to continue this
haircut on my own I should start off
with a handheld mirror and then you
would spend you know look in the back oh
that's my first really good look at it I
mean you can see that there's some
definite issue right there first what I
would do is do your hair wet because
that's how you're gonna get it the
straightest then you would somehow have
to like reach behind with the scissors
and try to cut this off but even with
these suggestions natalie was skeptical
that you could really pull it off on
your own especially at this lake I just
don't think it would be ever perfectly
straight so it seems hard it's very hard
she also noted that my hair was probably
a little thick for a too pigtail
approach you have a lot of hair so if
your hair was finer I think it would it
would have been easier that's what I was
encountering too because I think her
pigtails were a bit like thinner so when
she was sort of trimming right she
didn't get like stuck exactly yeah
but of course hindsight is 20/20 unless
I guess you're trying to see the back of
your head we can definitely help you out
today though I could leave the front
though if you want me that could be your
haircut and mine will be in the back
yeah see we could do a half and a half
yeah teamwork now I think we were
Natalie's first customers to get
ourselves into this predicament
following a YouTube tutorial but we
weren't her first at-home haircut fix I
definitely had he will cut their own
bangs
I feel like people have had too much
wine at night they're like I need things
and then cut them themselves
and though there was no wine involved in
our decision it probably would have been
a better excuse all right Natalie if you
were to read souse haircut what would
you get the Frog was good the front was
like 1/8 the back was like a 3 all right
that's pretty similar to what we said so
after evening out the whole situation
Natalie also blow-dried and flat ironed
my hair so it looked nice and styled
almost as if I had gotten a real haircut
damn it and despite Tyler's constant
Shrek references I think we were liking
it
this looks very professional yes like
the dark and the cut and the angle oh
you mean professional like I look like a
business professional yeah I mean you
just look like I don't know just someone
to take serious yeah I am I am someone
to take seriously cut back to awesome
well thank you so much Natalie for
helping us we needed some help it wasn't
so bad
so bad emphasis on self all right so
this is my cut by me but fixed by a
professional haircut overall I would say
the good thing is that I like my hair as
it is right now a pretty big fan of the
bouncy length and I feel like I'll get
like a good amount of mileage out of
this haircut as in like I feel like
it'll be a length that I like for a long
time and I'm also a pretty big fan of
the color
I'm glad we're back to dark and I know
that this color even though it's like
it's a little bit darker than my old
hair color will fade over time but I
also like it like this I feel like Edna
mode but maybe a bit taller and maybe
less slap-happy
so with these youtube tutorials I think
I definitely did a better job with the
dye than with the cut but we weren't so
far gone that Natalie couldn't salvage
it so it wasn't a complete hair fail all
in all though I had a pretty good time
and I do actually think I learned a few
things and though I'm not sure my
experience will inspire anyone to do
this at home if you are gonna give these
tutorials ago I would probably recommend
that you do more of a trim than like a
true style change like I went for or if
you want to do the full monty just be
prepared to get it fixed thank you guys
so much for watching if you liked that
video make sure to smash that like
button and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to shamash
that subscribe button also if you happen
to like the hello friends shirt I was
wearing at the beginning of this video
you can get it right now at fiends bye
soft calm as well as other things if you
want those also we're making a mug don't
tell anyone
here are my social media handles and a
big shout out to didi thanks for
watching didi and I'll see you guys next
time
