hello friends and welcome to another
video this week I'm gonna be dressing
like seven different youtubers now as
you guys may know I've done a few 7-day
outfit challenges in the past like
dressing in different outfits that
represent my zodiac sign for a week
dressing like different store mannequins
for a week and even dressing like my
boyfriend Tyler for a week and I thought
it would be fun to try another one of
these style challenges but this time
with the styles of other youtubers just
to see what it would be like to retire
my batwings for a time and try on some
other youtuber fits so I decided to do
some investigative research a nice way
of saying intense internet stalking to
see if I could come up with seven
outfits that capture the trademark looks
of these youtubers without one just
wearing their merch or two asking them
for advice none of them know I'm doing
this and I hope they're not mad now a
couple of other prophecies this isn't
just a list of my favorite youtubers or
the only youtubers I like though I will
say I do watch and enjoy all of the
following people's videos so no shade to
them or to anyone for that matter as a
general rule I chose youtubers that I
think present a distinct personal style
that I could replicate so with that
let's get to dressing like other
youtubers for a week so for our first
youtuber outfit we went with simply no
logical aka Christine Rothenburg so
Christine's channels started off focused
on nail art tutorials and though she
still does do those occasionally she's
also branched out to a wider range of
topics including banana hacks and
spreading the message of hollow
sexuality aka becoming aroused by
holographic stuff it's hollow bitch
for this outfit I wrapped Christine's
home and native land Canada pretty hard
act Canadian
well I was so worried that's her
Canadian impersonation very apologetic
apologetic with an accent with the sweat
suit and shirt from The Canadian brand
roots which is a favorite of hers as you
can see on her Instagram and in many of
her videos I'm just a sentimental saw
please roots give me a brand deal
overall it seems that Christine favors
comfy wear with long sleeves and long
pants and when she retreats fully into
the hood of her sweatshirt she calls
herself a sock sock
you look like foreskin this is a
different iteration of Sofia it's
Christine sock and burger as for the
shoes we needed some item of holographic
clothing and I find that besides her
nails Christine's feet are where she
most often expresses her hollow sexual
wheel Christine has like black adidas
superstars that have hollow stripes
you couldn't find those but these are
more hot so
as I show off my not painted nails in
terms of accessories aside from her love
of holo and socks Christine also loves
tea and not just the metaphorical kind
so I feel like while I'm dressed as
Christine we need to go to Starbucks oh
yeah and her boyfriend Ben brings it to
her at seemingly any hour of the day man
Matty Ben Nye you Tyler
what where's my team why did I sound
like Cookie Monster when I tried to do
this diss Kristi's on my Cookie Monster
I think there's also a hint of Yoda in
my christine asking for tea voice Tyler
I want to spare the audience preparing
that anymore else we got the T so T in
hand and larynx thoroughly gargled the
only thing we were missing to complete
our transformation into Christine was a
cat as lovingly harassed as her cat man
she is meant to getting men in this game
pressed again Krusty gang Krusty gang
Krusty gang did I do it right yeah
listen up men Chi I don't know if you're
ready for this but Krusty is coming for
your whiskers
so for my next outfit I dressed up like
KC nice tat so KC nice tat is a daily
vlogger from New York City who's often
seen bouncing around the streets of
Manhattan either on one of his morning
runs or cruising on an electric
skateboard Hey
someone took my bar he's also known for
his signature camerawork scenic time
lapses and montages how much do you
think I need to film for it to be enough
for a time lapse so for his outfit I
chose a black suit with a skinny tie and
vans sneakers I would say that KC
appears pretty frequently in suits and
tuxes he used to wear them more for
special events earlier on but nowadays
he's wearing suits a lot so I'm in a
suit yeah and there's a plane passing by
overhead how expensive is your most
expensive seat and of course it wouldn't
be a Casey Neistat outfit without his
custom sunglasses so she's almost always
wearing rain or shine the reason that
Casey says that he wears these
sunglasses all the time is because he
doesn't like like looking into the lens
or the viewfinder and getting cross-eyed
which I completely understand because
like that happens to me all the time so
I actually like the sunglasses approach
we made our pair by replicating the
instructions in his tutorials basically
you take some sunglasses put painters
tape over the back lenses spray them
down in primer and then scrape it off in
a haphazard manner with a popsicle stick
I haven't taken the painters tape off
yet so I can't see anything
they look good though they smell even
better they smell toxic Casey's hair is
also a pretty signature part of his
style so there's absolutely no way I can
actually replicate Casey's hair because
he has naturally curly hair or at least
I assume that he does and my hair is
much longer and straight but he did have
a man bun phase so I'm gonna go for like
a crunchy bun this is aqua net hairspray
which I still have from our 1987 video I
don't think he actually uses Aqua Net
hairspray but I thought it would give my
hair that kind of crunchy looking effect
did you spray one spot though I would
say that the hair and sunglasses are
pretty consistent elements of KC's style
KC doesn't always wear a suit obviously
he has a more casual office look and
also an active running look a minute
mile is pretty good for me
never had a seven-minute mile got it
here and occasionally he wears a Youtube
varsity jacket and snow pants and gets
dragged around in the middle of a
blizzard to the tune of Frank Sinatra's
New York New York now I did this for
quite a while longer than I'm proud of
then are you hit by car I'm presuming
you're gonna heavily reference this
video right no no visual aids of
whatsoever don't know the reference get
out though for KC I think it was more of
a one-time thing but I just couldn't
help myself
I like Frank Sinatra so for my next
outfits I dressed like laurdiy aka
Lauren Ricci monkey I can't tell you for
sure that that's how you pronounce her
name but you know we're both part of the
hard-to-pronounce Club so I feel like I
got a little pass as her name implies
Lord does a lot of DIY crafts and tacks
on her channel and besides tutorials she
also posts DIY battles and occasional
music video such as the rap song DIY
Queen and weekly vlogs which oftentimes
feature her boyfriend Alex wasabi
together they have been dubbed allure ex
hey Soph yes what are like Sofia Tyler
named conjunction B what about soft ler
softie like a little
so all the names are creepy Lauren does
experiment with her style a fair amount
but I would say that high-waisted jeans
shorts crop tops and midriff tied
flannels are some key elements that she
often returns to there's just a lot of
stuff tied around my midriff yeah I'm
just I'm fidgeting yeah I feel like the
midriff is a big focal point of this
outfit so for this look I went for a
pair of black jeans shorts a striped
halter top a red flannel a black bomber
jacket worn around the elbows white
sneakers and a pair of aviator
sunglasses my very DIY queen of you I'm
DIY nose-picking Lord does a few
different things with her hair but I
chose this sort of half up baby top bun
which I clearly didn't execute very well
because it kept flopping around like an
acorn maybe it could have used some of
that Casey Aquanet because I kept having
to redo it kind of yeah it's more
scraggly but it's more erect it's not a
softy no so for our Lord da Y get it de
we decided to try and recreate one of
her DIYs which required a little trip to
the craft store it's called sugar
coating we think I can eat that I feel
like with the amount that you like to
eat stuff it to do it died as a DIY err
though I'm not a big crafter I do like
stores found some googly eyes we're
gonna go home and put googly eyes on all
my plants the crafts we took on was a
DIY galaxy phone case made by painting a
plain black case with nail polish and D
buffing it in with a sponge stick that
doesn't look so bad we got a buff it
like Warren though I wouldn't drape
myself very high on the DIY scale this
craft didn't actually take very long and
I think it came out looking pretty darn
good it's got you it is it the cute
that's a high compliment Tyler overall I
would say it was a pretty productive day
I'm not sure I'm good enough at DIYs to
be a DIY Queen but I could be like a DIY
rook so for our fourth youtuber outfit
we went for Trisha Paytas I'm ready to
look mom I am too I'm hungry
Trish's channel is
much a mix of a few different formats
she does look bones storytimes
vlogs and music videos how many
nutritious songs to sing along to
see
but I would say that Trish's glitzy bold
style is pretty iconic this look
specifically is a recreation of an
outfit that she wore on her Instagram
earlier this year as well as when she
was caught by the paparazzi with Ryland
Adams it also touches on some signature
elements of Trish's style pink lace
shiny comfortable Gucci or they
reception either way hers are real and
these are fake from Amazon Prime in
general I would say that Trish's outfits
swing between very casual and very glam
and we chose this look in particular
because it's kind of both I also chose
this outfit because I recognized the
pants as we had bought literally the
exact same pair in olive green earlier
last year to maybe make a video with but
we never did why couldn't I have bought
them in pink than I already would have
owned these so for our day dressed as
Trisha we thought it was only
appropriate for us to experience our
first look Bom
so we decided we would take on a
McNugget with McClung a la Trisha and
Shane I saw someone sweet sir
sweet sour please alright so we got 40
chicken McNuggets yes a large Diet Coke
and a medium fries this is a business
and after receiving them we took them
home plopped on the floor and began to
eat so I've just got all this stuff and
then I've got like a giant thing of
ketchup - cheers to the mocha bong hell
yeah
a lot good overall I think I'm actually
into milk bongs so far this is fun this
is one of four boxes though I haven't
really eaten one chicken buckets so far
and though I don't think I can scarf
them like I used to as a kid the Nuggets
were pretty darn good I feel like I'm
having like flashbacks the last time I
had chicken McNuggets on DVDs it's just
like I know I'm wrong twelve I'm
smelling the plastic of the play place
there was always that one kid that went
into the play place like without
underwear on for some reason really oh
you'd be like climbing up the thing and
you'd look up and you could be like that
chicks come and go that's traumatising
it was so dressing like Trisha Plus
Milkha bhaag a chick so for our next
outfit I went for a superwoman
hey Lily sing inspired look what up
everyone it's your girl Sofia good thing
my name starts with an S so I can do
this finger thing huh I don't think
you're doing it right everyone it's a
girl
Sofia okay Sofia there you go Sofia okay
now just go between them so super
woman's channel primarily features
scripted comedy videos sometimes
showcasing mainstream celebrities and
also her rapping talent and amongst her
large portfolio of videos is her series
of her parents reacting to pop culture
moments we found a little less evidence
of Lily's full outfits on her youtube
channel itself where she's often in
character and you actually rarely see
her bottom half but we did find a lot of
photos of her looks on Instagram
I feel like Lily actually has a pretty
varied style though I would say her
outfits usually fall into three
categories red carpet Lily boss slash
office lily and sort of a Canadian
casual Lily which is what I'm taking on
today this outfit specifically includes
distressed jeans which actually do make
the rare leg appearance on her Channel
chunky timberland boots and an
acid-washed denim jacket worn casually
around the elbows I think that one thing
about Lily style and some of the
elements of this outfit kind of capture
it is that she's definitely marinated in
a little swag ooh yeah it was kind like
my jackets not really on but I don't
care I'm also sporting a vintage Toronto
Raptors Jersey this outfit is brought to
you by the Toronto Raptors and the
Raptors brought to you by Drake yes as I
insinuated Lily is Canadian as well as
sort of like a Raptors superfan and she
can often be seen at their games wearing
an assortment of their merch this Jersey
in particular is a Vince Carter Jersey
and Vince Carter is a very prominent
player for the Toronto Raptors was was a
very prominent player he was causes with
Tracy McGrady he was a cousin of Tracy
McGrady is a cousin of Tracy McGrady he
still is one more you went to UNC
he went to UNC number three overall pick
he's not even Canadian know this
breakthrough as we mentioned Lily can
also be seen dressing up like her
parents in her videos who have pretty
iconic looks of their own at the
coincidentally I also have an Indian
mother to dress up like who in all
likelihood would also be shocked by
Nicki Minaj what my dad however is
Danish and I would honestly be very
surprised if he had any opinion of Nicki
Minaj at all why is this whole Wow watch
Nicki Minaj quiet is up your hair quiet
why what else can you say so next up for
my penultimate outfit I took on jenna
Marbles aka jenna mourey my name is
Sofia I'm 26 years old and I have a
basketball game tomorrow tomorrow's
Thursday there's nothing wrong with
Thursday you could have a basketball
game on 3rd I guess you're right so
Jenna has been on YouTube for quite a
while and over time her channel has
evolved from shorter comedy videos to
longer unscripted videos about her dogs
her boyfriend Julian life makeup and the
trials and tribulations of her eyebrows
oh yes and the basketball thing amongst
the many means of jenna Marbles I
believe at some point last year she
began imitating a vine about a boy named
Trey hi my name is Troy alabaster ball
game tomorrow it's unclear if her
basketball game ever arrives but she's
brought it up many times anyway
I would say Jenna's style in general is
pretty laid-back and layered and we get
a good sense of how layered she is in
her podcasts as she seems to be
gradually turning into a human blanket
which is a good vibe overall but for the
middle of July in Los Angeles it was a
little tough it's so hot it's toasty I'm
hot
but um as for this outfit it includes a
black twitch t-shirt which is often
wrecked by both Jenna and Julian a black
hoodie a blue and white flannel tied
around the waist black leggings and
black fuzzy slides now there are only
two examples of her fuzzy slides that we
could find but the one time I met Jenna
at VidCon 2017 she was wearing similar
fluffy sandals so I can only assume she
wears them all the time Jenna also often
wears a Mitch dude beanie at first I
actually thought this was her merch it
turned out it's not and almost always
wears a black plastic tattoo choker
she's also usually surrounded by her
dogs now we don't have any dogs but we
do have a cat yeah we do so Jenna's dog
Kermit has a thing for Irish Spring soap
but when we presented our cat crusty
with a few bars of the stuff he seemed
thoroughly unimpressed immediate
dismissal
but like Jenna's dogs he didn't seem to
like being put in a costume either now
to finish off our day as jenna Marbles I
decided to do the unthinkable and play
tomorrow's basketball game today this
should suffice for my basketball game
look how many there there are a lot so I
warmed up with some dunking in this
regulation sure no way that looks really
high or at least dunk attempts what can
I say I've got hops now I never said I
was good at basketball in fact I don't
think I've touched one since my
sophomore year of high school but I will
say that I made a lot more shots than I
thought I would
catch on the flipside I didn't make any
over my shoulder though catch on the
flipside a head I'm not sure Jenna would
be proud of me but maybe we'll see her
at the game tomorrow and we can ask her
then and finally for our last youtuber
outfit we chose the king of trash Shane
Dawson me now Shane has been posting on
YouTube for like 10 years and both his
video style and his personal style have
changed a lot in that time currently
he's been producing a lot of long-form
investigative videos oftentimes in multi
installment series with a healthy
speckling of his classic conspiracy
theory videos now I'm not exactly sure
where the Shane referring to himself as
trash mean began from houses just bad
but I thought we couldn't wear his
outfits and to not go on the search for
some garbage the top one open oh me oh
hello
that's you after a few drinks I guess in
a sense Shane wears trash cans though
more often he kind of resides inside of
them I've got it I'm gonna do a
three-part series on luxury trash cans
Tanika
but besides trash cans me I would say
Shane's style is pretty simple and can
be defined as a shirt
that is to say he tends to find one
shirt that he likes and wears it for
extended periods of time currently his
shirt du jour or I guess Duan is his oh
my god Pig merch shirt which I paired
with black jeans and black running shoes
and if you hadn't noticed
talk about hey I'm here now I try to
avoid just wearing people's merch as
their outfits but for Shane I was left
with no option
oh that's their new merch photos put me
on Amazon Jean it's getting right there
from what I can tell the only exception
to this one shirt rule is his conspiracy
theory shirt which is kind of like the
shirt I'm wearing here but this is just
a dupe
because Shane's actual t-shirt was very
difficult to track down so difficult in
fact it was almost like it didn't exist
so when looking for Shane's actual
conspiracy theory shirt I found two
clues
one was a listing on the website of the
hunt which linked Shane's conspiracy
theory shirts to a Poshmark listing for
an American Eagle tribal printed
baseball t-shirt but when I went to buy
it it was sold out the second clue is
the first appearance of the shirt on
Shane's channel from what I can tell
this shirt was first featured in the
thumbnail for a video called reading
dirty DMS from fans published on January
29 2015 now to try and find a thread to
connect these two clues together I tried
to look for images from the American
Eagle 2015 catalog but the only image I
could find was this one of their
showroom in October of 2014 now there's
no sign of Shane's shirt here but if you
look closely at this hoodie there is a
similar horizontal tribal print so it
was probably an American Eagle t-shirt
that Shane bought in late 2014 or early
2015 and I may have overreached a little
bit oh but hey that's just a theory
sorry wrong youtuber okay so those were
my seven youtuber outfits I really
enjoyed trying to piece together these
looks especially the ones that were
really far away from my own everyday
style and it was fun kind of vlogging a
day in the life of some of my favorite
channels I'm sorry if I permanently
ruined Frank Sinatra for anyone I'm not
sure that this experiment says a lot
about how youtubers dress in general
because if I have chose
a few different creators I could have as
easily ended up in all Gucci which would
have been not only different but also
very expensive but overall I would say
that most of these youtuber outfits were
pretty casual and pretty layered even if
they did have their own unique or
glamorous Flair's with the exception of
Casey whose outfit was pretty dressed up
but that might even be like a New York
versus LA thing although I guess
Kristine does live in Ottawa so we'll
just leave her up there for now thank
you guys so much for watching if you
liked that video make sure to show mash
that like button and if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to trim
Ashe that subscribe button also a big
shout out to all of the youtubers I
dressed like this week
please don't copyright strike being I've
linked all their channels down below if
you want to check those out a big shout
out to Melin for watching thanks for
watching Mullin and I will see you guys
next time
