hello friends and welcome to a very
exciting video I kind of can't believe
I'm saying this but late Thursday night
we hit 1 million subscribers on this
channel I don't really know what to say
besides just like thank you guys so so
so much I am overwhelmed with like love
and gratitude towards you guys I can't
wait to keep making videos for you I
have a lot of exciting stuff that I want
to make in the future and I'm like so
excited to have all of you here with me
so I want to do something fun for my 1
million subscribers video I asked you
guys on Twitter what I should do I gave
you a few options and you guys chose
boyfriend does my makeup so today we are
going to make Tyler do my makeup for a
little bonus challenge for Tyler we're
going to go and have Tyler pick out the
makeup that he wants to use so he can
really take artistic control of my
makeup today and just do whatever his
heart desires because I don't think that
he should be constrained to my makeup
tape I think that he should be able to
choose whatever he wants so we're going
to go get some makeup do my makeup and
then we're going to go on a little date
and show Los Angeles
Tyler's masterpiece so we're heading to
the mall right now it is Tyler to the
NYX store the let Tyler go wild I got a
image in mind a little bit for what
we're going to do with the beer Tyler
has actually done my makeup for a video
before but it was a long time ago if
there's one thing that Tyler has learned
its habits watch watch it for the good
people of babe oh this is that all the
base crew so Sofia has often talked
about like being through alien
futuristic looks G often references
xenon she has a one shirt that she has a
little alien just feel like alien got a
couple alien I want to take it to Star
Trek Star Wars Battlestar Galactica I
won't take you to another galaxy another
universe anymore
bright colors sort of like you know
Close Encounters of the Third Kind
coming down
what is the thing you're most nervous oh
my got like the blush stuff I'm not
exactly sure how to do that I'm willing
to worry about remember to get
everything like foundation and blush and
I won't be silent but I can't help you I
feel like I'm like going into a jungle
right now I wouldn't start off by going
over to the lipstick section all right
let's go lipfird after that set the look
on the house personally we'll try on
like a bunch of different shirts and
different sizes before I actually buy
them you know swatching is right up my
alley I kind of like it but I think when
we go with the dark blue one the
universe is speaking I think that's the
one I want so I'm going to get this
celestial star so the runner-up on the
poll was the full face of glitter so in
honor of that Tyler has decided to add
some glitter did you like the
traditional no 'very glitter saved us
holler am I going to be around by the
end you're not already around that I
need a foundation concealer blush and
eyeliner rings Oh mascara there - they
got some fun mascara colors well okay so
I've been trying this one out almost
like spaceship planes right I think lean
on with you proud to top that off for
the eyeliner I want to also have sort of
one of those like bold colors so purple
yellow we're in LA a little Laker colors
for her eyeliner it's a recap currently
we are at a non Star Trek's Lakers that
will be my fantasy
Oh
I have the makeup in hand we both
learned a lot since the last time
Tyler applied makeup to my face I've
grown at the Megamart inspiration has
struck you and whatever you do I'm just
going to wear it out okay I got the
colors in front of me usually things out
looking for I do not know if I have all
the things you need for makeup routine
so I have makeup on my face right now
we're gonna take that off huh need to go
I need a blank canvas we're going to
feel like an artist just let the brush
go where these two especially oh oh
creamy mousse all right I'm good it's
gonna be shitstorm as much as I'd like
to jump into this this galactic a bold
lip I'm gonna go with a little bit of
foundation to start oh wait no concealer
so concealer is a mystery to me I'm not
really sure what I'm supposed to do okay
here we go so I'm gonna give all this
concealer on did you wash your hand yes
okay good Oh was that your people I I
don't know I should just put it on today
is going on we're using it you color
match day so nicely I did go in cover
like Oh freckles yeah that one is your
the hair growing out of it there one
else got here yeah I'm being very
impatient right now I really want to get
to this but I know that I have to play
the foundation it's like building a hut
you may not know a lot about makeup but
you might know something about building
a yurt you got to get a little bit on
here you're just gonna I'm gonna just do
these little jabs that color choices a
little bit more orange than Sofia
usually is plot twist this is how I did
my makeup in high school I'll put that
here you guys will get the enjoyment of
seeing that see it's hard open man come
on so we got Brandon open this thing as
we go that's happened to me in a sad
remember um when I broke my highlighter
when you're vacuuming summer I yell do
you I'm sorry I didn't mean to yell at
you when we did this whole time for this
opportunity for revenge because the best
revenge you could come up with was to
turn you a little bit orange
okay the next is gonna be the blush is
the boring stuff guys I got this a
little bit rid of your Bush I was
actually just trying to get any blush to
get out of store and I didn't want
blush is just like the same color as a
foundation so you do have a weird
vendetta against blush y'all see
anything well I was going this for good
measure I'm just going to yellow that
contour going let me get those
cheekbones pop so I'm going to go in
here with this NYX mascara could be
tough to put on Sofia but this is that
really didn't even think about it
look up right nowwhat down that might be
safer oh oh yeah oh yeah yeah it looks
cool
your eyes are like dandelions right now
we're trying to get these things a
little more yellow well I can see the
yellow really yeah that's good
now the next step so I know scoffs trick
which is that she likes to try to draw a
line a little bit of foundation so we
can really nail the cat eye this is kind
of hard off the wheel here I'm gonna
write it here she's Brenner elbow in my
hand
Oh actually I got this anyway go halfway
down and drag across okay I think I kind
of got it the purple is kind of working
with yellow it does have a little bit of
a Lakers vibe I feel you man writer
another what do I look like with black
mamba she has her own black mamba vibe
she's not Kobe Bryant but a little bit
of black mamba just as you say Kobe when
you take an errant shot in basketball or
beer pong I'm going to go in on this far
i with the PSA Kobe addressing the eye
ball because it could get a peas falling
that what's the worst jokes in your
preferences there shit get it high ball
cheese balls dude doubling down shit yo
you got an eyeball
I heard crusty goes over there can
eyeball right shut up I'm trying to do
your winged eyeliner again I'm Gerald ah
Logan yes it looks kind of cool I have
no idea I actually like it okay right
now now that we have that situation that
she brings us to the eyeshadow how many
are you still really you know we're
going to be kind of having like a
spaceship vibe to it
throw us into like the Nook above her
eyelid I love seeing the fallout like
coming down over my lashes like the
dandruff that sometimes fall softly from
my scalp so hugs alright actually looks
good but I think it actually brings out
more of that interstellar vibe so when I
put this guy on we just get a little
emergency swatch okay
their hope this thing is edible cause if
you're fully in your mouth oh yeah
anyway okay cool
now go like this there's a little bit
okay that's that's not the best you
don't have an alien vibe right now yeah
it does not look impossible that you
could be the star of like an
intergalactic porno last step here which
is glitter primer I'm going to use this
on our cheeks I don't know why I'm going
to take a little bit this glitter and
dab it on the sock that's better see
this is where the whole face of glitter
comes into play so it's just you know
get all the forehead yeah anything you
want me to do with my hair can you dye
it white for this video anything you can
use just core rocks bleach for there
right I hear you drink the corrosion
that's what they tell me in the comment
yeah I'm ready to take a look okay there
is a mirror here okay good we good yeah
oh well and there's a there's a little
cloudy thing I'll get rid of that if you
make the first time that Nia saw herself
and Princess Diaries I think that the
cat eyeliner is pretty damn good yeah
right it's pretty even right the hollow
glitter turning me on and I actually
think where you place the hollow glitter
is kind of artistic my one area of
badness is ellipsis yeah I screwed up
lipstick really badly I think the
foundation and the blush maybe no no
forget that
I'll try to blow through that as fast as
possible yeah I blew that off yeah
everything else is like a look the
yellow mascara is kind of fun it kind of
has a little bit of an intergalactic
vibe right a Lakers girls on specious
that franchise no laughs okay they're
not going anywhere
no we got breakfast for dinner we are at
a diner right now and Tyler dress looks
across at me and told me that I look
pretty I think I did a good job with the
cat eye so you're really just admiring
your own work here and I've been your
makeup look pretty I really hope you
guys liked that video I had a fun time
filming it Tyler did you have a fun time
filming guys subscribe my channel more
beautiful toriel's okay don't listen to
him that's not true but you can
subscribe to his channel if you want
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and thank you guys all for being
here once again I love everything one of
you so much I'm so glad that you're here
and I mean not literally here because
I'm about to grub and it might not be
very pretty
but thank you guys so much for watching
if you like this video make sure to come
back that like button and if you want to
see more videos like this and haven't
subscribed already make sure to bash
that subscribe button here our mind and
highlight social media handles and make
sure to check out our next piece we do
daily vlogging and Q&A is on there and
I'll see you guys next time
