hello friends I'm here today with an
important message from Tyler's parents
basement and that is that I have never
been to Primark before I feel like some
of you might not even know what Primark
is that's okay we're kind of on the same
page in my lifetime I've watched a lot
of haul videos and a lot of zoella
videos and one of zoella space to do
haul videos from is Primark but what is
this magical land I know what ASOS is
Topshop you know top shops made it
across the pond I have an idea of like
what it must sell right she gets clothes
and home goods so to me it's kind of
like the marketplace part of Ikea
forever21 plus a little bit of hmm plus
a little bit of like the Urban
Outfitters gifts in the corner like the
cute trinket and they all come together
they have like a little bit of a store
store G a store or gia and then they
poop out a baby it's called Primark I've
lived for the better part of the last
six years like 99% of the time in
California so I know that eventually
sometime in that time Primark started
popping up on the East Coast
still never seen one until this trip
when we came to Philly to visit Tyler's
family for the holidays you can buy
stuff online from Primark but it seems
like part of the fun of Primark is going
because she says that like different pry
marks are better than other ones kind of
like how like different HMMs depending
on where you are have a different
selection of stuff I'm gonna go to
Primark for the very first time I'm
gonna do a haul of my own I honestly I
never thought that this day would come
we are on our way to see Primark the
very first time there's Tyler how long
until we get there about five minutes Oh
I feel excited I've got some something
going on in the bowels whether it be
butterflies or a little bit of gas good
thing no we're just in this car with
each other and no one else oh my lord
blessed Dick's Sporting Goods but this
is Primark crime real estate for the
Primus two prime spots it's a very large
and impressive storefront it looks very
modern it's like a glass box on the
outside he's gonna be crowded today I
think it's gonna be crowded today too
but it doesn't matter because I will
persevere - holy crap when you walk in
they have like a whole good section and
it's a lot of like blankets pillows
tropic cuz you're hot babe it was made
for you I'd like this whole IKEA
marketplace element like these things I
mean we've been standing in this in this
part for funding went heavily on the
memory foam the mannequins were just
like a little creepy because they would
hide them in corners there are a lot of
things happen around
different departments and it's kind of
like it's kind of like target where you
can easily like transition from one
department to the next without knowing
that you've done that so I ended up in
all that cool girls section for a while
just from the whole videos I've seen I
definitely understood there were
different departments I don't think I
guessed how many departments like the
floor plan was very open and very large
we've gotten to the point where bags are
exciting for Sofia sound a pack there
was a lot of stuff that I picked up
being like this is a good deal like I
want this flannel like I want this
backpack like I want the shiny backpack
like I want this mesh hat and then when
I step back I was like oh do I just want
this because I think it's a good deal or
do I actually want this this is a story
about a boy named Tyler early loan in
and I was like no I think I'm just going
for it because I think it's a good deal
the thing is you gotta be careful
because this stuff will add up I mean
there's a lot of stuff in a lot of
places and a lot of people it's you kind
of like rummage but when you find
something good you have a sense of
accomplishment I've been in did an okay
job of restraining myself not a great
job an okay job okay so I just checked
out and I'm pretty pleased with my home
but I'm gonna go meet Tyler this week
court because he gave up a little while
ago and started eating Chinese food and
I said goodbye to Primark No
so now to the most exciting part of it
all my haul my very first Primark haul
so the first thing I got is this that I
refuse to leave behind and I honestly
probably should have left it behind
because it was kind of a bitch to fit in
an our suitcase this memory foam pillow
I'm getting this I don't care if we've
been shipping home the tag says $12 but
it was on sale for 10 and it is bamboo
memory foam that seems like a nice kind
let's get it out of this case because
I've been waiting to open this thing up
I haven't even opened it up felt it or
anything oh my god it feels so nice I'm
going
all over it just like putting my face on
it feels so nice on my body oh yeah yeah
you know what this pillow is gonna be
perfect for putting between your legs
while sleeping yeah I mean I wouldn't
say that this is gonna be better for
cuddling than Tyler but sometimes Tyler
space get Scratchy when she forgets the
shape that's item number one so the next
thing I got was a little bit of a maybe
I should get this maybe I shouldn't get
this I got this plain black zip-up
sweatshirt I got it because it was nine
bucks and I thought that it's like a
basic that I would totally use and kind
of like schlep around the house in but
also you could kind of put it over like
a cute tight dress and make the type
dress less like going out ish and more
like daytime ish so I have to do this
with a lot of my sweatshirts I
oftentimes just grab the ends of my arm
holes and kind of just like stretch out
the arms just kind of like by folding
them I do know specifically that my
wingspan is almost identical to that of
the turkey vulture it's a soft jacket
and I liked it so I got it so the next
thing I got was this black and gold
glittery camisole tank top type
situation
just from double-checking my receipt I'm
pretty sure that this thing was on sale
for like three dollars something about
it made me feel like I was like gonna go
out which is a funny joke because I
don't do anything besides hang out with
my boyfriend in my cat but that's okay
but it was on sale and it was kind of
festive feeling and it was sparkly so I
was like let's go for it let's do this
so this is what the black and gold cami
looks like on another reason I liked it
is because the straps are kind of far
apart from each other so you don't have
that weird thing sometimes we're like if
your straps are further in you can see
your bra strap or you can kind of get
this little like armpit moment you guys
know this armpit moment so I really like
how far apart the straps are and the
fact that a cover is like this area
specifically I feel like I would
probably wear it with like black
high-waisted jeans and like some combat
boots you know and just kind of stomp
around I'll stomp around top for three
dollars ain't a bad deal to me so the
next thing is one of the more expensive
things that I bought I got this top this
top kind of like checks all the boxes
for me I'm like yep cool
shoulder black ribbed some texture to it
and it was 14 bucks this is the black
cold shoulder top on I just love a good
cold shoulder I love shoulders
I think shoulder pads are kind of hot
and most of my arm hair is concentrated
on the lower arm so this way you just
get to see my kind of fuzzy shoulders
there's no way I could approach the
entire display of chokers without coming
away with a choker but ever there like a
little motifs around I almost always go
for moons and stars I like that kind of
like a celestial bye cut this home earth
you're not gonna get this out of soul
let me in
alright that's on I think the moon is
actually a little bit longer than I
anticipated the moons kind of hitting me
below my boobs but I do love that kind
of like layered effect to me the layered
choker is very like Tudor England here's
my necklace here's my cross and here's
my smelling salts you know you've got
everything you need right here I got
three things from the hosiery section so
I'll just show them all to you guys
right now the first thing is these three
pairs of weather sensor finish opaque
tights it says that they keep you warm
when it's cool and cool when it's warm I
don't know if that's true because that
seems like magic it just seemed like a
good idea to stock up for those days
where I just really don't want to shave
my legs the next thing I got were these
three pairs of cushion sole shoe liners
which I think just means socks
it says USA sizes six to ten of which I
am a nine and a half ten so I'm at the
upper end of the range you know they say
about long feet
long socks but they look kind of long so
I feel like we'll be able to fit the old
gal's in there and then the last hosiery
thing I got or these HP socks Harry
Potter cozy socks
my motto is that you can never have too
much Harry Potter merchandise and I will
single handedly prove that motto correct
I think I forgot to say the tights are
six dollars the socks are four dollars
and the Harry Potter socks are 350 so
this is the most expensive thing that I
got it was 16 bucks and it is this
polyurethane skirt it's like a pleather
material so it has that kind of like
fabric e inside but sort of like leather
ish outside and there are pockets I like
it because it's kind of got like a
little bit of like a badass look but
it's also got kind of like a business
casual look at the same time it is a
little bit slippery but I think it's
kind of fun and just got gonna suck in a
little bit and you know hope for the
best
my second to last thing that I got are
these cheetah headlights they were three
dollars and I couldn't say no to a cat I
decided to get these I don't know where
I'm putting them yet I just like them a
lot so it is battery-operated and not
something you plug into an outlet but
they do a little on/off switch so you
can just become drunk with power you're
just having a good time huh so the very
last thing I got because I didn't want
to go through the Primark beauty section
and not get anything at all it's this
little flawless finish concealer brush
from PS look it's a dupe for those
artiste brushes that look like two
pushers you put on your face I actually
have a different dupe for the artiste
brushes that's a little bit larger than
this so I got the really small one this
was 350 I can't say I've ever used a
real artiste brush so I don't know
exactly what it feels like this one it
feels a little firm but I think that's
kind of the point
it feels like it could be good for
crevices all right so that's my haul and
my journey I dunno what Primark is now
and I'm very glad that I do I feel like
I'll be able to watch Primark hauls with
like a new sense of belonging it's
definitely a
more of an outing it takes some effort
to like look through and shop there so I
see my people do hollows of it because
it's almost like look at my booty and
buy booty I mean like loot but I think
the effort is worth it and I really like
the socks that I'm now wearing on my
hands because I just wanted you guys to
see them my hands are getting the warmth
oh thank you guys so much for watching
if you liked that video make sure to
cement in' and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to sub s that
subscribe button and also make sure to
submit that little bell icon in the
middle to turn on post notifications so
you get a notification every time I post
here my social media handles and make
sure to check out my next beat I do a
lot of q and A's and daily vlogging on
there and I'm just gonna keep smacking
my hands together because then it makes
them Harry Potter star unite into one
and it's kind of like a weird exercise
and I'm just kind of doing it sing a
song all day long
