cheaper I'd get a costume Tyler what
color would a Tyler lip shade be baby
blue hello friends and welcome to
another video in his eyes Ziya coming to
you from Tyler's sister's apartment in
New York City
19:09 just kidding it's 2017 now today
we're going to do something I've been
wanting to do for a really long time
we're going to go to the fight lip lab
and make a custom lipstick we're in New
York City visiting Tyler's sister right
now over the holidays and the bite lip
lab happened to be also in New York City
so we're going someone tweeted me about
a bite lip lab the last time it was in
New York so in September and since then
I want to go so badly
if you guys don't notice about me
already I'm a lipstick fiend I think I
have actually a normal amount of other
types of makeup but when it comes to
lipstick I'm a crazy person besides
singing really fun making my own custom
lipstick is going to really give me the
chance to nail exactly the lip color
that I want advice lifts labs they don't
make the liquid matte lipsticks they
just make the normal lipstick but even
though you can mess with the color the
finish and the smell and pretty much
like everything you want I'm most
excited obviously about being able to
choose exactly how it looks but also
I've eaten bite lipstick before in a
video and they taste great we try to get
into the lip flap yesterday actually but
the wait list was completely full and
they were completely hooked up with
appointment so we're going to try and
get there before it open today and wait
in line to get on the wait list for
today and see if we can't get this
custom lipstick on make you're going to
be so excited you're gonna be late
addresses do
I am the augustus Gloop of lipstick
you're a deaf child yes so it's Friday
morning we are here on Prince Street at
the bite lifts lab we're leaving
tomorrow so we have better hope that
today makes it she said that yesterday
she was able to get like
a couple of people in off the waitlist
over here first in line I have five
layers on not cold I'm ready to go I'm
fresh out of the shower my hair is still
wet so it's gonna freeze you have a few
things from bite already my favorite is
kale which is a dark green color I don't
like the food kale but I do like the
lipstick scale down here for like 20
minutes and it's pretty cool if your
hair frozen yet not frozen
but it's crispy it's crispy because
you're kind of crazy about it and we
were there first
we actually got to do the appointment
right away I'm going to get blended oh
good yeah so we were waiting in the
freezing cold and then suddenly I was
making my own lipstick it was a little
bit of a world it's a very nice program
I left feeling so I pilot lab they're
like two options one of them is that you
can choose from 200 of their pre-mixed
shades mix in your own scent and then
mixing your own finish or there's the
bespoke option which means that they
will custom mix a lipstick for you and
you get two of those and then some extra
goodies for $150 I ended up choosing the
one hundred and fifty dollar option
which I know is really really pricey but
I wanted to bring you guys along and you
guys get the full experience too I feel
like I have two categories of like lips
and I'm either looking for like a COPI
beige type color or I'm looking for like
a dark as night type color definitely
something dark and not super black was
like kind of like a sloppy
grayish-brown and then like dark colors
are white people raise no other my to
camp my lipstick camp so we decided to
start with the new dbg color who knows
all of them how the mixologist was so
good she completely understood what I
was talking about and whipped up some
like really awesome shades from the
beginning she put together a shade that
was like a sort of like chocolatey nudie
Brown I like that a lot I just wanted to
see what it looked like lighter so she
can become that little bit lighter at
first I thought the lighter one was a
little bit too zombie ish so we tried
out a third version I want this paper
let me obviously you can like it's not a
Freeman this is like the first one but
no more my amanda was really good now I
have it on I think I kind of like the
second one and this is the first color
this is the second color we're deciding
to go with the second one now they look
at this more I feel like this is the
hardest color design I knew right away I
wanted like a dark red ox blood type
color the mixologists nails the oxblood
color pretty much the first time you
look like currency into being that horse
heart is Dennis bro how did you cut up
you can see looks up like this
well I mean if you think I look like
Khaleesi eating the heart the name of
the shade will be the funky the hoard
dothraki screamer your dragon femur is
like literally their front liner coppery
oh that was like a gross Game of Thrones
sex back take two a little bit lighter
we tried a slightly lighter one just see
and the lighter one was really pretty to
put the darker one just felt like so
perfect I do like the colors I do but I
agree it's more like a Cabernet it more
like Tyrion Lannister I drink and I know
Sam rather than tell rocky screamer I
think I like the her Sonya I thought
point I was having a great time naming
the cheese for the grey zombie ish color
but people gonna call it mrs. Norris
tilt his cap in my head mrs. North looks
something like crusty the kind of like
grayish beige it was kind of like an ode
to her fur after we found the perfect
shade she mixed up like a fun royal blue
color just for fun for me to wear around
those the dothraki screamer left some
blood behind they're trying to like
cover over it yeah how bout 10 o'clock
this is very much on the ravenclaw
footage rope who would you call it
Carrie first new root is the flavor
station remove the vanilla filling it on
did the scent mess with the texture of
it or just no maybe actually get in so
it'll make my breath smell good if you
say my rough so bad was that mint in
vessel 2015 coconut
she's been writing down the little
fraction but each pigment below every
swatch all right this is my finished
paper
mrs. Norris dothraki screamer Harry
first and then she wanted like the large
pig makes closet and got the exact
measurement of the larger pigment and
mix them together in a bowl okay this is
mrs. Norris of course you get Lin the
crappy screamer I think that large jug
of black pigment in there
all right put them in the bowl and then
put them in the microwave and then when
they were liquefied she would mix them
up and then swatch them next to the
other swatches something about the
dothraki screamer color had just been on
the money all day we got on the first
try that was perfect already I want to
clean our house my color
mrs. Norris and she's want to do was a
little more difficult to get right on
the nose but after a few tries we
finally got mrs. Norris the difficult
cat so it makes sense but it's hard
enough mr. Davidson then she poured the
mixture into a mold and put the mold on
top of freezer for a few minutes and
waited for them to solidify into
lipstick my children
Wow these are and you're also gonna
subscribe
handle it now okay thank you so much I
have my two colors dothraki screamer and
mrs. Norris and I can't wait to use them
we have to wait about 20 minutes until I
can actually put them on but that's okay
because I think I'm going to wear this
for the rest of the day so for fun but I
cannot wait so here is the final
finished product to give you some extra
stuff like they give you a lip scrub and
a lip mask in this cute little box but
the real prize is these two bad one they
come in a little tissue paper thing
destroying that don't worry about it the
final lipstick tubes look like this
I like the tooth may have little lifts
on them I'm just watching guys for the
very first time I can smell the coconut
mint I think that was a pretty good
choice the coconut mint smells very good
and very much like a vacation
this one is don't Rocky screamer Wow my
dragon and this one is mrs. Norris rare
rare basilisk if you guys can tell that
was me as mrs. Norris seeing the
basilisk in the puddle in the hallway
and I got petrified one thing that's
pretty awesome about bite lipstick
itself is that it's a pretty natural
brand so it smells good it tastes good
because it's edible it feels pretty good
on your lips it's very moisturizing it
is not a liquid to matte lipstick though
so you do have to be careful about like
it's smearing it's ash mirror and by
that I mean smears or I feel like I have
so many lipsticks but I've never been
able to get involved in the actual
creative process of making them and
naming them naming them is super fun I
thought that getting to tinker with the
pigment and watching them mix them and
put them in the microwave and freeze
them was super super fun actually give
you these pigment cards so if you want
the same color again you can reorder it
though is expensive I would say it's
worth it for a one-time experience I
think it takes the idea of personalizing
your makeup to the next level how to
reminds me about how my career
holy SH you to melt or lipstick together
to make one that would not resort I
don't think I'll necessarily be doing it
again but doing it one was super super
fun thank you guys so much for watching
if you like this video click the like
button if you want to see more videos
like this click that subscribe button
here my social media handle check out my
next beat I vlog live every Tuesday
Thursday and Sunday coming out with me
and chat it will be fun I'll be there
you'll be there we'll both be there
Pluto feel free until next time I just
raised my eyebrows
eventually we'll get funny
