this would make me happy to just open up
every day makes oh my god hello friends
and welcome to another video today we
are going to be trying makeup I'm
wearing my Jigglypuff shirt it's like a
squished dead jiggly ball you got to
call me no Candice or maybe you don't
but here's Candice so I'm excited I've
been obsessed with Pokemon since I was a
little kid I was a big Pokemon snap girl
everyone stadium the og I always chose
Charmander I had a giant pillow oven
that was like this big I was always a
Bulbasaur kind of gal I played yellow
Ruby and then I play leaf green I had a
Game Boy Advance SP at that time and I
don't know where it is but that thing
was my life so I would just stay up all
night playing yeah and then it's my mom
and to be like I'd be like get out like
hi blue light in screen under my pants
okay oh I went online because I heard
about this book in my makeup but I
hadn't seen it anywhere and I found most
of it on Amazon from what I can tell
it's not really sold in the u.s. right
now but it's freaking adorable this is
the cutest box I've ever seen in my life
should we try the eyes yeah I have the
Pikachu I palette look at this this
eyeshadow palette will put you right to
sleep it's literally the same as a box
oh it is exactly the same it's really
cute and small though
okay so yours are actually pink your
they kind of like his back and my kids
stripe so if you were like a literal
mouse this would be Pikachu colors I've
got like a rose gold mmm today means I
would name this Brock's thirst oh my oh
my - Charmander foot Ash's hopes and
dreams so we've got a little like star
power here with Jigglypuff Pikachu blood
yeah just go ahead not the really red
things on his cheeks his blood we've got
some of me
here get up put a little of Jigglypuff
Stardust all over the lid now I'm going
for uh Ash's hopes and dreams so put a
little bit of Pikachu's blood in the
inner part of my eye and then I went
with a Brock's thirst kind of on the
outside of my eye and into the crease I
like it I mean they blend nicely
together there are nice colors I feel
like these are very much you could find
these in Kylie's Burgamy palette or the
two-faced peach palette when it's almost
sold out I'm glad it's not just yellow
eyeshadows but I kind of wish you were
more themed like yellow red and brown
you know I mean like it was Pikachu
maybe we should go out and make and have
a fully mount palette exactly it makes
more of this nobody takes that that's
our idea we're gonna make a Pokemon
palette if there is copyright issues
we'll call it something else off-brand
but you'll know it's close we'll call it
did you would Digimon
did you know once it did you want a lot
of chickens show you our cheap smoothie
mix they have three colors it smells
good it's mom back mine smells like
bananas is it good - yeah yeah
what why they have a smell oh my god
that's so cute
ah it's a pokeball that you could slip
on your finger I choose you
gosh smell it it's happy smelling wait
does that I know yeah I like the smell
oh no no - peach orange I think your
coral rose coral can't say I've ever
really tried cushion blood I've never
done it either can you press down and
this brings gets it oh my god I got too
much product it's kind of wiring it goes
a pretty subtle
I do have powder on my face already but
I'm living for the peach coral oh it
looks really pretty look it's like very
happy I'm gonna have my makeup
wow this is so cute I'm putting this all
over my body
even the places you can think it's happy
it's cool I love it it's been act like I
ran them a mile you know what that's
fine you look so happy
I think your color really suits you and
you also have the cute little baby
Pikachu and he's like kind of like and
you're just like hi hello I'm red pika
and now we have the pika pika
get it tint get it you know I'm
interested to see another coral what's
coral I guess it's like the color of
Misty's hair it sounds like it'll go
with your look though cuz you kind of
had like a pink pink pink I have a red
joy
this is Lipton it's lonely my nail
polish that is very bold those are the
big nail file yes are we sure it's not
oh it's making a weird sound oh okay at
least it's got like a lip gloss one well
that smells so good mmm
mine smells like a happy peach yeah they
do smell the same I smell oh it's on
your nose suddenly I feel like your look
is coming together and mine is like
disintegrating like the plants of my
faith and just like flying away from
each other like ground red oh my god
stay wet it is a little bit vampirey
also I think I like some off and now it
looks like my teeth are bleeding okay
mine's pretty subtle I don't want it
look at you it's see it's drying it's
like becoming a different color
yeah it's trying to be lighter yes
you're like very 19 like 50s right now I
like mm-hmm
Wow matte lipstick Joey the hell on your
lip
and this is like a just a nice someone
painted on a little nice coat big van I
think that the packaging of all of it
makes up for any I guess any other thing
a big
thank God yeah I think if you were to
only be able to like afford one
definitely go for this ring it's an
experience definitely you're missing out
on this go catch up catch up catch this
one catch it before it's too late
you gotta get this one while it's
electric hot lightning get it before it
faints get it before Team Rocket steals
it that's probably the best one so thank
you guys so much for watching if you
liked this video click that like button
give it a thumbs up if you want to see
more videos like this click that
subscribe button here on my social media
handles I'll put them somewhere around
here maybe in front of my face nose
check out my next feat I vlog live every
Tuesday Thursday and Sunday
these are Candace's social media
channels and Candice's YouTube channel
subscribe to her it'll be a great time
you'll be there and she'll be there and
I'll be doing school stuff
giving some good advice my 24 year old
self did you guys know that Candace and
I have the exact same birthday so that's
why you should subscribe
