hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be getting a 1950s
makeover so we've made a few decade
fashion videos before through the 1960s
but in those videos we did most of our
investigation of the outfits beforehand
and just presented them in like a
lookbook style video so this time I
wanted to build one look with you guys
piece by piece kind of like how we did
with our perfect makeover video where
we'll team up with a couple of experts
and tackled the planning and the
execution of the outfit the hair and the
makeup to make a single 1950s look now
of course the 1950s were a very
different time fashion wise definitely
but also socially and though there were
many regressive and even oppressive
societal norms that were limiting to a
lot of people there was also a very
interesting watershed ness of the 50s
being sandwiched between the chaos of
World War two and the civil rights
movement / sexual revolution / general
youth rebellion of the 60s but for our
purposes today we're gonna be focusing
on the fashion and mostly of the
American variety and those style is
downstream of society and the two can't
really be separated we're gonna be
talking about the fashion alright cool
cats let's beat feet and get started and
first up is the outfit so these are are
like 1950s magazines and catalogs sorry
they're so crinkly and we're gonna use
these for some outfit inspiration so
I've got a Vogue magazine a vogue
pattern book and a Spiegel catalog all
from 1953 now we chose 1953 as our
starting point because if people define
the post-war years as 1945 to 1960 1953
is right smack dab in the middle so
going through this catalogue you see a
ton of these sort of like cinched and
flared dresses and with those dresses
you see a bunch of belts and pumps
and gloves so this fit-and-flare
silhouette is a descendant of what was
known as the new-look created in 1947 by
french designer christian dior which by
1953 had been copied about a million
times over and was available in every
size and for every occasion yeah see
this is the vibe and overall it was
characterized by a slimmer shoulder
narrow waist and full skirt
now this style was diametrically opposed
to women's fashion of the 1940s which
was boxier
more menswear inspired and padded in the
shoulders as women joined the workforce
on the home front to fill in for many of
the men who were away fighting in the
war but with its end in 1945 men
returned home and what does he want most
of all he wants a job and women for the
most part returned to the household it
seems that with the fighting over
Society was eager to return to some kind
of traditional stability indoors new
ultra feminine look capitalized on some
elements of nostalgia for a time before
the world wars as the silhouette drew
from the wasp waisted fashions of the
Victorian era some 80 years earlier
turns out great-grandma had it going on
he could add some sleeves and then add a
little length to the bottom and he got
the 1860's now all of that said there
were a few other fashions floating
around there was a more body con pencil
skirted look as well as a few pairs of
pants here and there both for the
mainstream gal and for the subculture
gal but I think for our purposes if
we're going for mainstream out in about
50s the new look it had to be so to get
our outfits we headed out to hit a few
vintage and vintage inspired stores to
see what we could find all right so I
think my main priority is to find like a
colorful a line dress hopefully with a
bit of a path
I feel like either floral or geometric
maybe not hot dogs no that does look
tasty after some digging we found a few
options haha this kind of looks like it
could work there's definitely a pattern
and there is some color we've got a nice
matching belt looks like you could cinch
that waist in right there that's the
look
it's like those memes of Mariah Carey
skinny legend besides just dresses you
could also achieve the new look
silhouette with two pieces may happen so
I wanted to grab a few options to try
that out as well so in addition to the
outer clothing the new look vibe also
required some serious undergarments how
to get the new look
even if Mother Nature forgot to give her
the right figure product corsets had
gone out of fashion during World War one
when the steel used in them was needed
for military purposes and they never
really got back into the mainstream
rotation instead they were replaced with
the only slightly less uncomfortable
girdle so for a similar nipping in
effect we grabbed this waist cincher I
feel like something like this would
definitely do some serious tucking in
you know now the other important
undergarment was the brassiere Hello
Dolly
in the 1950s boobs were in or I guess
more accurately they were out whether
they were real or had some assistance
the padding might have been on the
shoulders in the 40s but by the 50s it
had migrated south this is hypothesized
to have been kind of a Freudian fashion
statement because besides their sensual
allure boobs are also associated with
motherhood which was a big focus for
women in the 50s given the whole return
to traditional ISM thing now that kind
of makes sense to me but it does not
explain one of the most bizarre and
popular boob trends of the decade the
bullet bra oh it's so pointy I guess you
can't fault it for its perkiness but
besides that I don't really know why
people liked this so much one theory is
that the bullet bra was sort of a
futuristic take on the bra drawing from
another big craze of the 50s the space
race either that or it's just like a
giant nipple but regardless with our
undies in hand
we needed to finish off the shapewear
was a petticoat to floof out the skirts
and then it was time to review our haul
and choose our 50's outfit so the first
option is this dress I decided to try on
each look with the undergarments on to
make sure all of the structure would
work with what we picked
I feel so covered and yet so naked this
is almost like an 80s look in itself and
once we had all that on we could try on
our first option Tyler I'm home I'm
feeling the waist cincher it's all
happening it's tight I was definitely a
fan of the bottom half of this dress I
think that like the fluffiness of the
skirt with the petticoat is definitely
that good like you know like though the
top half was having some issues with the
all-important bra I don't think you can
see the shape of the bullet bra in fact
I can feel it being smushed so I think I
may have to stuff already oh oh yes
that's bringing the park right back that
said and done though you can still see
the strap of the bullet bra through the
sheer panel around the shoulder so we'd
have to like find like another slip to
go underneath or in between our second
option is like a skirt and a shirt which
I had comped off this photo of Elizabeth
Taylor where she has like this kind of
outfit on and she's like at acting class
but overall I feel like it reads sort of
youthful I do kind of feel like I'm
going to school but also like my boobs
are out the bullet bra was a bit much
for the button down to contain so there
was kind of like a shirt gapping
situation besides that I do like the
look of the separates and I think I'm
feeling this color palette in general
but overall I do kind of feel like I'm
in high school it's sort of like if only
I had a poodle on the skirt like I could
be going to the diner with my high
school beau so we moved on to our final
option so we got the stress at a vintage
store and this one is actually vintage
from the 50s so a few things I like
about it right off the bat there seems
to be enough room for the bullet bra and
also even though the straps do like to
migrate the dress does cover the bullet
bra completely and I think it definitely
showcases the hourglass well so you see
like the Bing Bing Bing crane the best
just ignore my mic pack in the back
that's not part of the new look
silhouette so with the shape harmony
with the undergarment straps and the
1950s authenticity I think we should go
with this one
accessories wise there were a few 1950s
must-haves like a pair of gloves for
going out some high heels of which we
found a pair that kind of matched the
top of my dress and a little handbag it
feels like I should be clutching it like
this it seems like hats were also
popular but I was leaning towards a more
summery look so I found a couple
kerchiefs that could be tied around the
neck and then used to protect the hair
while driving if needed
I feel fancy and yet also kind of
elderly or also like I have an old
school to fake you know like they've
wrapped a bandage all the way around my
head we also definitely needed some kind
of belt because our dress had these
empty loops so it seems like at some
point there was a matching belt but
clearly we don't have that anymore so
with the outfit settled on it was time
to move on to the hair all right so I am
here with Kayleigh Melissa who is a
friend hair stylist and youtuber who has
helped us with some decade throwback
hairstyles in the past and she's here to
save us with this mid-century do so what
are we gonna be doing today Kayleigh
what's the plan so in the 1950s whole
thing was that you had to do your hair
for your face shaved like even in
cosmetology school I still learned about
that as of this decade but it was extra
formulaic back then and I think this
idea of having a set of rules for how
you did your hair sort of plays into the
whole orderly and prim and proper image
that people wanted to project in the 50s
so I would say that you've got kind of a
hard eight face shape you've got a great
jawline and 10 and if any of you guys
remember from our perfect makeover video
heart-shaped faces are also wider at the
forehead and cheek so to balance out my
face we're gonna add a little bit of
volume up here and then we're not gonna
put a lot of volume through the center
but we are going to accentuate that
great jaw line with some curls that just
kind of dance and play right around here
but I think regardless of what exact
shape you were doing with your hair
50s dues in general were fluffy curly
bouncy and usually on the shorter side
so we're gonna begin with some kind of
products back in the 50s I didn't have
moose didn't really have gel but they
did have what's called setting lotion
which is like a holding product that you
would put in your hair to help it hold
it set extra long and basically it seems
like most women would use it and then
put their hair up in rollers for
stand-up curls oh wow
those little guys up there and or make
pin curls without rollers that's a nice
way to think of it and usually women
would have their one hairstyle that they
just stuck with often times getting
their hair permed into their preferred
due to increase the longevity of their
curls this is pretty surprised /
Murphy's hair yeah it would be really
hard to surprise perm somebody cuz they
smell so bad but if you wanted to change
up your hair you might have followed a
curl setting chart from a magazine or
newspaper like the one Cayley was
following for my head are we set we are
set yeah I need to dry I feel like my
son came home late to curfew I'm like I
need like a rolling pin so we have this
thing that Haley's brought us it is a
big old bonnet dryer now in the 50s
women would either sleep in their curls
to let them dry overnight or chill under
the dryer in the beauty parlor for a
more speedy approach Wow
oh yeah hello friends and welcome to my
pod though head held hair dryers were
invented back in the 20s hooded sash
bonnet dryers were a salon staple as
they were more powerful less effortful
on your arms and also gave them even
heat around your head what's wrong just
to get all of those little pin curls am
I done oh yeah it's all dry yes so all
that was left to do was to let down my
hair and as we removed the pins and
rollers it'll look kind of swung between
the 1980s you have a mullet right now do
I look like Dave Coulier actually behind
it and the 1780s you just lose a little
bit more hair and you can go for a
better look listen Ben Franklin's I mean
he got the most action and then it was
time to brush through and tease believe
it or not for the 50s this is teasing a
bit once we had all the curls and waves
looking good we decided to pin the
of my hair up I would just to make sure
that my hair didn't look too 40s which
was characterized by generally longer
hair allegedly as a response to fabric
being rationed for the war whereas in
the 50s the dresses were big what the
hair was short oh wow oh I think it
looks really good stop is immediately
going into like a stock photo smile I'm
at a Sears catalog awesome it looks
great today let's aqua dense hell
so we sprayed me down just to try and
ensure nothing would escape midday I
just realized I need to groom the
sideburns just we got spray spray them
down your nails it man you don't need to
submit and sideburn subdued our hairdo
was looking neat oh I'm learning a lot
of 50s slaying online so with our hair
done now it's time for me to do my
makeup 1950s style so to help us finesse
our mid-century makeup technique I
visited the Besame cosmetics store in
Burbank California to talk to Gabriela
Hernandez who is the owner of the
company as well as a makeup historian
now Besame creates makeup that is based
on actual products from the past and
Gabriela has also written a makeup
history book that we've referenced
before when making our decade fashion
videos alright so I guess the question
is where should we begin so right off
the bat Gabriela started describing the
bold and defined nature of the 1950s
everyday makeup look starting with the
eyebrows the main parts of the face in
the 50s were definitely the brows were
very defined in the 50s the shape of the
brows also became more angled than you
had in the 40s which were softer so it
was definitely more aggressive the 50s
were definitely feminine and aggressive
aggressive femininity I would say all
right aggressive glam exactly so
following that advice we started off
with the brows I don't know if you guys
can tell but I got them waxed a little
bit just to clean them up and give them
a nice like arch so I'm just gonna use a
little pencil just to like fill it in
over here and just not over draw too
much but just like a darkened kind of
like an Elizabeth Taylor like does she
do that I think she just looks dramatic
number three you're out okay so after
the dark arched brows let's move on to
the eye shadow so Gabriela mentioned
that eyeshadow in the 50s was kind of
pastel II and color coordinated a lot of
the times they were into the style of
matching their outfits to their shadow
and so I am going to try and match my
eye shadow to the dress Tyler will you
hold this so after looking at a few
different palettes we found a few
options that could work
that's something and as for wear on the
eyelid it should go I'm gonna go kind of
for like this vibe where it's mostly on
the lid and then it kind of like goes
into the crease a little bit as well oh
yeah I feel like that looks pretty much
like what we're going for so I'm gonna
take on the complexion next and when we
asked Gabriella what we should be using
for our foundation she immediately
replied pancake in the 50s this is when
pancake makeup became a really a thing
the look was very much of a porcelain
kind of doll type so pancake foundation
was like a dry cake that you applied wet
and then it would dry down on your skin
creating an overall matte finish so
powder foundations are kind of a similar
look to what pancake was oh yes so
powder foundation we got alright so that
is the base very matte powdery and one
toned so up next we'll take on the
cheeks now 1950s cheeks were a bit
differently adorned than modern-day ones
now like that whole contouring and
bronzers are in we're at that time they
didn't really do that they wanted the
face to be more round and feminine and
not necessarily chiseled and all we
needed to get that rounder look with
some Rouge boom all right just a little
bit you don't feel like one of those
and all they hold on just a second
before you say that turns out you need a
pretty light hand with creme Rouge so I
turn to more modern tools to help blend
it out I don't think I've gotten a hang
of the creme Rouge just yet but
eventually we got to some acceptable
level of redness and then to finish off
the complexion I have some like pinky
setting powder
just to sort of cement the like rosy
look I think so with our complexion done
it was time for the last few products
starting with the all-important eye
liner the liner was really more defined
than they had been in the 40s and the
30s in particular the 50s were noted for
the popularization of the cat eye wing
here goes nothing I'm using a liquid
eyeliner which did exist back then but
people also used pencils to do their
liner as well there's one sort of now
the question is can I get the other one
to be even only time will tell
all right eyeliner I don't think it's
perfect but I think it's like okay it's
good enough to vlog it now to finish off
the eyes we needed some mascara so I
used this vintage style cake mascara
which I have to wet to like turn this
into a little mascara paste and then
apply it to my eye lashes like so in the
50s
both cake mascara and cream mascara were
popular apparently like a wand in tube
mascara had already been invented but
wasn't super popular until the 60s and
70s
so with everything else done were onto
the crowning glory of the look the
lipstick and particularly with lipstick
specific colors were marketed to suit
certain complexions better not saying
that some lipsticks weren't more
universal but overall it seems that warm
toned lipsticks were marketed to blondes
redheads and lighter brunettes and
cooler toned reds or Pinker lipsticks
were marketed to dark haired ladies
loosely and generally so I have like a
cool toned red lipstick and I also have
more of like a purpley orchid colored
lipstick though I think that both would
definitely look good
I think the red is a little more iconic
50s so I'm gonna go with that in terms
of the shape Gabriela mentioned that
lips
often overdrawn you can see that a lot
in like if you look at Lucille Ball's
pictures really overdraw that a top lip
so that it looks rounder like two big
mounds with the intent of making the
lips more luscious and sensual but I was
gonna get a little bit of a liner just
to like over line the top just a little
bit okay so I think with a little bit of
lip liner this is the finalized 50s
makeup look that I'm going for so I'm
gonna go and throw on my outfit and then
we'll hit the town alright so this is
our finished 1950s look so to complete
our makeover oh my god we thought we
needed one additional accessory a 1957
Chevy Belair I got to put the windows up
to save the hairstyle yeah alright I
don't know how any of this before oh I
see it oh I see it all right I'm in
Drive which we drove just far enough to
stop and then pose next to you remind
him of his grandmother so for our final
final outfit we had our authentic 50s
fit-and-flare dress our array of
mid-century accessories including these
white cat eye sunglasses topped off with
our aggressively feminine makeup look
and are still mostly alive cloth oh I
keep taking my gloves off to like do
things okay when I get them dirty and
then I forget that I'm not wearing them
which is completely not allowed besides
the small accessories like the gloves
the undergarments in general were
definitely the most different to
experience there's enough things around
my midsection that I definitely feel
like the stuffed bullet bra also helps
with that because I'm kind of
the broad definitely played a strong
supporting role throughout the day book
Sofia there's a plane it's like your bra
is it going to space though I'm still a
bit kind of founded by it obviously I
don't have any cleavage but that's the
dresses fault
but like I just I don't feel like it's
like a ah a mother's bosom it's like a
like like a laser beam
but speaking of mother's bosom as soon
as I had the whole outfit on together I
went straight into a motherly state of
mind I think because of the gloves I
almost feel like I'm checking areas of
my house for dust and apparently that
meant I was ready to apply disciplinary
action to things around me the branch
just stuck my hairdo that's very rude
you're putting my time out you're on
time out it was just all the little
trappings of the 50s look that made me
feel very different I definitely feel
more hourglass than I usually do I
almost feel like I'm advertising waist
trainers on Instagram but I also feel
like I could just go home and whip up
some gelatin and then stick some ham
inside please don't so as we mentioned
we wanted to hit the town in our outfit
get in loser we're going shopping
grocery shopping which for better or for
worse involved more driving of the 60
year old car hey what do you think
you're doing
I tried to leave Tyler behind but then I
realized I needed someone to continue
filming yeah I think so
god help me alright let's go momma's
driving I think after a little bit I was
starting to get the hang of the old
bel-air honey how was your day at school
can you look at the road but regardless
for our evening out our first stop was a
bite to eat
so we're at this McDonald's in Downey
California which is the oldest operating
McDonald's in the United States
apparently was opened in 1953 so take a
gander at a blast from the past I
brought this blast you out there now
despite its appearance it does offer the
normal 2018 McDonald's menu where do we
go oh here right next to the sign
but although the food and the seats may
be modern it does have a lot of fun
retro Mickey D's paraphernalia that
matched my throwback vibe so after
finishing our food and doing a little
dancing that's called the MacDonald
shuffle we hopped over to Anaheim to
check out another 1950s establishment
Disneyland how do I look you look like
your hair shouldn't be going anywhere
and once in the park we beelined for one
of the original attractions there when
the park opened in 1955 the carousel are
you smacking the horses but though I was
a bit disappointed I missed out on a
different original attraction the bra
store which used to be located on Main
Street and was home to the Wizard of
bras which i think is just this guy
however it did close in 1956 so I missed
it by a couple of decades so with no bra
store to go to it felt like it was time
to wrap up our day or at least that's
what my feet were telling me I think my
feet might be done with the 50s but my
feet don't like the decades or any shoe
that's not a
all right so that was my 1950s makeover
so even though this outfit is definitely
very different from modern styles I
would say that some elements of 50s
style have come back in over the last 60
years but a lot of things have become
defunct just because of new technology
like once control top pantyhose were
invented girdles pretty much got the
boot but overall the most different
thing to me about 50 style was actually
how many rules there were and
consequently how easy it was sort of to
construct an everyday 50s look like back
then you needed your gloves and your
stockings and your girdle to be accepted
Lee groomed and put together sure there
were alternative silhouettes but 50s
fashion was very easily definable at
least partially because the information
pipeline was so narrow there were a
handful of tea designers a few fashion
magazines a sprinkling of movie studios
and like 5 TV channels versus today
where it's so easy to see so many
different styles that even though we
still have makeup and fashion trends
it's hard to come up with just one look
that defines 20-18 style that's not to
say that Kim Kardashian doesn't try
though I mean maybe if she can make
bullet butts a thing I'll take it back
but until then I'd say today is still
more open-ended thank you guys so much
for watching and a big thank you to
Caylee Melissa and Gabriela hernandez
for helping us out with our
transformation if you liked that video
make sure to smash that like button and
if you want to see more videos like this
make sure to shamash that subscribe
button
a big shout out to Wild Rose for
watching thanks for watching wild rose
and I will see you guys a next time
