hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm going to be mixing all
of my foundations together into one nice
brew so that a month ago I did a video
where I melted all of my nude lipsticks
together into one Franken lipstick and
after that pretty successful experiment
I wanted to see what other makeups I
could mix and foundations came to mind
as one that would be possible firstly I
was interested to see what would happen
when I mix them together
but unlike lipsticks which are more just
like about your taste or like what you
like foundations are generally supposed
to match the skin on your face and I
still have yet to find my perfect
foundation one that has like the perfect
color perfect undertones and perfect
formula for my skin type so I was
thinking if I mix them all together
maybe I would get the midpoint of all of
them and then get something that's
closest to my perfect foundation so I'm
gonna mix all of my foundations together
right now to see what the color is like
and then tomorrow I'm gonna wear it all
day long to see how the formula is
alright let's bring in the foundation
here they are it is a little bit more
difficult to be a hoarder of foundation
than it is to be a hoarder of lipstick
but I will say in general I do have
hoarding tendencies I don't like to
throw things away so a couple in here
might be expired or at least close to
expired so my plan is to go at this like
a baseball team like we're gonna have
every foundation come up to bat and I'm
gonna squirt like one good squirt in of
each foundation see where we are do a
second at-bat and a third at-bat there's
no other baseball team there's just one
team though you know what I mean who
shall be the first victim why don't we
begin with my custom foundation now I
got this custom foundation for a video
in late March early April when I first
got it it was a little bit lighter than
I thought it would be an on camera it
looks like a dead-on match and in person
it looks like a little pale so perfect
it is not but probably this would be
like the closest to perfect that I have
okay so let's squirt this one in first
was that satisfying it's unclear next
let's do these Nick's total controlled
drop foundations I'm kind of like in
between the two of them I think but I
like this foundation mostly it's a
little on the watery side though it's
like baby formula but it's mostly good
let's do this urban decay one this is
probably one of the older ones that is
in here it's probably actually the
oldest one that's in here but I actually
tried it on earlier today to see if it
was truly expired and it seemed fine
this foundation is a little bit on the
yellowy side I like the formula the
color is just not quite right and I got
the chance to swatch it maybe I was just
like swept off my feet by the lady at
Sephora all right so I'm gonna burn
through a couple of these just because
there's a couple that aren't that
interesting they're just sort of like
ones that I use sometimes some of them
are more number one and others are more
like number two it's liquid foundation
so the texture was always going to be a
dynamic of this video I'm trying to make
sure they're all as equally in there as
possible without actually measuring them
okay so this is a sample of an it
cosmetics CC cream in medium that one
looks particularly like a skidmark I
used to use this thing all the time but
then I abandoned it because I thought it
might be the wrong call
but I'm bringing it back ah so this is a
NARS Velvet Matte skin tint that I used
pretty much all of last summer and it
was only at the end of the summer that I
realized that it was much more orange
than I had thought so naturally I have
to own up to my mistakes and put it in
that's enough that's quite enough okay
so this is my last one this is the
foundation that I use all the time
nowadays this is from the ordinary it is
a serum foundation and B color
light/medium neutral so it is nice on
the face it's kind of like a stray
shooter like it kind of you know you'll
squirt and look it's a little excitable
okay so that's like one full rotation at
this point I'm actually not sure what
the color is gonna be like I actually
think probably the bigger question is
what the formula is gonna be like when
we start mixing them together because
there are a lot of different textures in
there weirdly it almost smells like
rubbing alcohol it'll be fine right but
anyway I'm gonna go through a couple
more at-bats and then see how much we
have the thing is like I have worn all
of these separately so together they
should be fine it's not like it suddenly
turned radioactive it's just the
question of like how they'll work
together you know we do have a little
bit of like a volcanic island forming in
there we're just nearing the end with
this one so it's kind of like on its
last legs you know all right so that's
my second time through there's a decent
amount more in there so I really think
that three times through will be perfect
let's do it again this is a little less
violent than the lipsticks it's a little
more erotic there's a little bit of a
blockade forming at the neck I think I
might like eventually clock down
oh yeah I think that looks like enough
if it's really amazing we can always mix
more I suppose that's a big if it almost
looks like a layered mousse cake looks
like the Grand Canyon so I am going to
mix this all together with my little
wooden mixing tool hmm it's got a
milkshake vibe to it even it kind of is
turning a little bit like frothy almost
making me hungry okay so I mixed this
guy up so I'm just gonna put my cap on
here basically the way this thing goes
that like it creates like a vacuum you
got to just pump away until the
foundation reaches the top it's ready
this is our first contact it's a live
dip my brush in there and then let's put
on the face one two three oh that looks
pretty good
it's a little on the golden side but as
I wipe it in it seems to be not bad not
bad the smell is like sunscreen or
something like strong maybe had expired
what it's just rearing its ugly head the
consistency is pretty thin it's like a
little on the watery side I think the
watery ones won out
I actually think that this may work
somewhat I know if it's a perfect
equilibrium of all of these colors but
it's actually like a pretty good
foundation color just to compare I'm
just gonna put my Frankenstein
foundation next to my custom foundation
we'll see what they look like next to
each other see my Frankenstein's a
little bit more Goldy than my custom I
think because of my tendency especially
in mid-2016 to go for the golden
undertone like a real strong parchment
flavor we'll see how it does tomorrow
because I think the color is pretty good
but the formula is just really the
question Franken foundation is alive
Franken Dacian foundation Stein they're
both okay all right so it is tomorrow
the next day
and I am ready to put on my Franken
nation I'm sticking with Franken nation
it looks pretty good still it's not
really separating there are a couple of
little spots where it feels like I
didn't mix it all the way let me just
give it a little shake I think this is
gonna do anything at all
pump a little on the back of my hand
yeah it is a little bit more watery than
I might expect it seems to be spreading
fine the odor is less strong than it was
yesterday so hopefully it's like calming
down a bit it's interesting like when I
touch this foundation with my finger
it's a little bit slippery but also
clings to my skin very quickly I think
I'm feeling like literally different
foundations doing different things I
like this light it's like low-key kind
of scary I'm like hello children
okay I think that is one full coat of
foundation let's take a look in like the
natural light so you can see what it
looks like um it seems to pretty
decently match my double chin when I do
my double chin test it is a little dewy
and it's not like a hundred percent full
coverage like you can see some rental
frecks old freckles but I'm liking it
so I am going to finish off my makeup
routine and then I'll check back in when
it's all done and then we'll see how it
lasts throughout the day all right so my
finishing touch have to be my Frank and
nude lipstick no one will know that I'm
just wearing a bunch of random stuff
mixed together on my face today so I
think I'm done with my makeup I'm ready
to go about my day I think that in
general the foundation is actually
pretty nice it's actually turned more
matte than I would have expected after
my first impressions last night and this
morning honestly my only concern is that
the foundation will stratify perhaps on
my face perhaps in the bottle and over
time the formulas won't work well
together okay let's get on with it all
right so I am out and about right now
it's a little bit hot outside
it's definitely hot enough that I feel
myself moistening I don't think the
foundation is moving like when I wipe my
face with my fingers it's not just like
coming off on my fingers it's an
interesting consistency I've never tried
a foundation that feels exactly like
this maybe it's because there's so much
SPF in there it kind of feels like
sunscreen in a way more like a lotion
here's my face in the full Sun oh wow
doesn't look like there are any real
sunglass grooves around the nose that's
pretty darn impressive okay so it's a
couple hours later we are at Costco
right now I'm still not dewy I'm still
pretty matte which is very surprising so
I meant to be at Cosco and completely
forgot that she was wearing this stuff
today
I think that's great I like it okay so
it's been probably about 4 hours maybe
almost 5 at this point I think I'm
definitely getting a little dewy around
the cheeks but the rest of my face is is
pretty matte still I mean it's a hot day
outside and I've been walking around for
a while so I'm finally getting like some
shine but not that much to be honest
since it's doing so well I kind of just
want to see how far we can push it so
let's get some spicy food and go to yoga
just to see what happens ok some kung
pao chicken and some sriracha later I
not really any shinier so spicy food is
warming my insides but my face is still
pretty decent so I guess our last resort
to try and take this thing down is hot
yoga that was a pretty hard class how's
it possible my hair right now my
face is in less bad condition than I
would think validation is just like
using into your skin that's kind of how
it feels to me right now I like it so
much I'm just absorbing it this is an
impressive foundation I'm generally
pumped that was a hard class I think
we've got to go home and shower okay so
we are home after yoga now I have not
yet showered my nose is is got done for
but they're still foundation actually
left on the cheeks under the eyes maybe
a bit on the forehead maybe a bit on the
chin I didn't expect it to last through
yoga but I think up until that point it
had lasted pretty well one of my
concerns was that the foundation would
settle in the tube but I actually don't
think it did I'm just gonna maybe
occasionally stir this up again just to
make sure nothing's stratifying but on
my face
it's working really well this experiment
actually did bring out a lot of the good
things about these foundations and also
like rain in the parts that I didn't
like as much I honestly would use this
foundation again I kind of want to mix
up more I think this Frankin Dacian gets
a nine and a half out of ten but a 10
out of 10 would wear again definitely
thank you guys so much for watching if
you liked that video make sure to smash
that like button and if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to true
match that subscribe button
and if you've already shamash that
subscribe button make sure to also
shamash that little bell icon in the
middle to turn on post notifications so
you get a notification every time that I
post here are my social media handles
and make sure to check out my next feet
I do a lot of daily vlogging and q and
A's on they're a big shout out to Lucia
for watching thanks for watching Lucia
and I will see you guys a next time
