hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be examining fake
makeup items and their real counterparts
under a microscope now recently I've
been seeing a lot of videos where people
will look at their skin or their makeup
under a microscope to see what's really
going on down there so I ever a fan of
makeup science decided that I wanted to
get in on the action and take a closer
look at some bad makeup so a big shout
out to Tina Yong who I believe started
this trend and I'll link her original
video down below as well as a few other
microscope videos so throughout my time
buying questionable things online I've
stumbled upon a few fake makeup products
which are basically like knock-off
designer handbags but just make up where
some manufacturer out there will
replicate the packaging of a well known
or desired makeup product and fill that
packaging with a presumably lower
quality product to sell at a lower cost
now fake makeup has become kind of a
prevalent issue in the last couple of
years not just because they rip off
other companies but also because they
kind of operate outside the law there's
no oversight as to what ingredients are
used in them so one fake makeup has been
seized and tested people have found a
bunch of gross stuff in there like
bacteria lead and animal feces yo so I
thought it would be interesting to take
a closer look at some of this fake
makeup and the products they seek to
replicate on my skin but first a big
shout out to honey for sponsoring this
video if you guys don't know honey is a
free browser plug-in that automatically
checks for the best promo codes every
time you shop for something online which
I do a lot so basically if you download
it right before you check out it'll
check out its database to see if there
are any promo codes available to save
you some money it works on a lot of
popular make up websites like Ulta
morphe and Sephora and I've personally
saved some money on those sites as well
as some more random stores like anis
which is where I get my butt scrub
that's a real thing so if you're
interested in trying it
you can download it at www.piofl.com
visit us on our wish make-up video and
that coupled with the price that we got
them for makes me like 99% sure that
these are fakes but of course there is
some possibility that they're real but
I'm pretty sure that's my disclaimer so
we're gonna start with the eye shadow so
let's just dive right into there and
start looking at the stuff so for our
eye shadow I chose the Too Faced sweet
peach palette and I have to give props
to the fake product here because the
packaging on the outside looks like
really really similar I actually wrote
on the back of this one fake just in
case I forgot all right so these are the
insides of the palette and I will say
that the packaging once again like looks
like very impressively similar and the
fake one even smells like peaches I
would say the fake one even smells
slightly more of peaches but when you
look at the actual eyeshadows the fake
ones do look a little less saturated but
we'll see how they look on the face so
let's start with the real palette that
seems like a good place to start it's
kind of like our control for the
experiment it's a science so I think the
look we're gonna go with is sort of like
a simple look that has a matte shadow a
glitter shadow and a shimmer shadow just
so we can get a good mix of stuff going
on underneath the microscope a pupu
platter hopefully there is no literal
poopoo in the fake one now we're gonna
go in with the same colors on the fake
palette and see what that looks like on
this eye also another disclaimer I am
going to be putting fake makeup on my
face but I do not endorse using fake
makeup do as I say and not as I do
alright so first off I'm gonna go in
with peaches and cream now it doesn't
look so bad and then the second color
summer YUM
doesn't really look the same as the real
version and it also looks like there may
be some debris in there
I mean I say something it's not like
super present but I guess it's not zero
so the next color we're gonna go in for
is candied peach which I did swatch
already and I did also find little white
dots in oh that is such a different
color on the eye that's not even trying
to be the same and then the last color
we're gonna be using is this shimmery
shade nectar oh that's not so bad in
some ways I almost feel like this
shimmer shadow is like a little bit more
glimmer reader like I'm seeing a little
more glimmer to it yeah so obviously my
eyes don't look exactly the same
there's definitely a lot more stuff
going on on the real I sort of fittingly
I kind of look like I have pinkeye it
may have been like a Freudian slip of
the brush besides that I think that
we've got something going on so let's
bust out the technology all right so
here's our microscope which is a
handheld digital microscope that we got
from Amazon and you basically just stick
it on your face and zoom on in alright
the moment of truth
oh my god Oh oh wow look at those
wrinkles oh my god DR hairs on my
eyelids damn it alright so what I'm
seeing here is basically a decent amount
of little shimmery sparkles and then
some sort of peachy color and a lot of
wrinkles alright so why don't we take a
look at like the inner corner of my eye
this is where the glitter should be oh
oh oh that looks like a dinosaur
I am definitely seeing like that color
coming through like the sort of like
creamy champagne color I love having a
microscope now I'm gonna go in for like
the outside part of my eye which is like
where the peach and like darker brown
colors should be I will say that we can
definitely see the pink color for sure I
think I'm just getting some serious like
sunburned old dude vibes it's like
coming home from the nude beach at the
end of the day alright so with our
control established let's go in for the
fake so right off the bat I can more
clearly see my little like eyelid hairs
we definitely can see like no color at
all basically and we can see sort of
almost like a thicker glitter chunk all
right so that's kind of like the mid
socket shot so let's take a look on the
inner corner just to see the shimmer
again Oh
okay that looks kind of nice and also
kind of like the shimmer shade on the
other side and finally let's look at the
outer corner which is where like the
matte shadows are okay there's like
nothing over here under the microscope
my other eye like actually looked pink
and on this eye you can see almost like
a little bit of peach stuff in the
crevices but you cannot see any pigment
just on the eyelid I would definitely
say that this is more of a crack
situation all right so I feel like
that's a pretty good look at like what's
going on on my eye so before we wrap up
the eyeshadows I was thinking we just
really quick swatch a few of them on my
arm just to like see what they look like
on a flat surface and will do just like
one matte and one shimmer just so we can
see like the real difference all right
so those are my swatches oh I mean that
looks very nice it's kind of like a very
full coverage eye shadow like you can't
see my skintone pretty much at all I
love when I just squeeze my skin looks
like a weird animal briefing as for the
fake swatch it does look sort of like it
did on my eye where like it's settling
into the creases of the skin and in the
creases it's orange but then in between
the creases it's almost just like a
little bit of cheeto dust or something
okay so I'm gonna take a look at the
shimmer shades now oh my god wow I look
like a lizard person unlike the matte
shade you can see that the color doesn't
get into the cracks as much like it more
sort of like glides above them and then
with the fake shade I can already say
that it looks better than like the fake
matte color but it's definitely one not
as dark as their original color and two
you can definitely see like more of my
own skin through it alright so with that
I feel like we've thoroughly
investigated the eyeshadow palettes I
think that in general it's very clear
that with the fake palette the mats are
almost like non-existent and there do
seem to be some weird like filler specks
in the matte shadow specifically the
shimmer shadows do replicate the
original shadows better but it's still
not exactly the same so that's the eye
shadow let's move on now to the
foundation and for my foundation I have
a fake and real Fenty foundation so
obviously the packaging on these two
look very different
the Fenty is kind of like a tall drink
of water made of glass and this guy is
like sort of like a little cylinder much
shorter and me
plastic alright so this is the real
Fendi foundation it kind of comes out
like a little watery and in like a large
squirt so I'm just gonna basically use
this beauty blender and buff it over
like this side of my face the real side
of my face the thing that I noticed
right off the bat with the Fenty
foundation is that it's pretty thick and
it also dries down quickly like you kind
of got to work fast alright so here's
the fake see the thing that stands out
to me about this fake foundation right
off the bat is how sort of like
self-forming it is like it's not very
liquidy it kind of like stays in the
little turd shape and then when I put it
on my face it kind of has like a gel
like consistency and you can also see
like in the finish is that the fenty
side is much more like dried down and
this side is just a little wet I'm gonna
do a few more squirts of that because it
is actually a pretty good color match to
the fenty but it is definitely not as
full coverage alright I think that's
something I will give it like a second
to dry so let's just like fan me for a
moment you're not helping at all
flopping fish and then we'll jump in
with the microscope alright so that is
my skin with the foundation on it you
can definitely see like some of my skin
through it and you can also see a couple
of strategic she cares it definitely
does gather around the cracks but I
would say that there is foundation kind
of like in between the cracks on the
smooth part of the skin okay now let's
zoom in a little closer oh that's so
gross Wow look how oily my skin looks in
between the foundation specs right back
oh that's a hair follicle you rack focus
right into the follicle alright so let's
go in for the whish side I guess not
surprisingly this side looks a lot
shinier I do think that you can see more
of my own skin tone through this and I
will say that you cannot see the cracks
on this side of my cheek as much
probably because this is a much wetter
foundation let's zoom in shall we
oh god oh it's so oily down here guys it
looks more like deep-fried hair alright
that's pretty gross I think that you can
definitely tell that it's a lot earlier
especially at this like closer focus
point and though I think that like from
the further away focus point
looks like a little bit better it is
because it's just not as full coverage
versus on this side it's like that's the
Fendi foundation combating your skin
okay all right so I think that's pretty
much our foundation investigation I mean
I think that they're very different
foundations I don't even know what they
were thinking like with the packaging
with the consistency like I think it's a
pretty obvious fake all right so with
foundation finished next up is
highlighter and for highlighter i have
the anastasia beverly hills boom child
palette right off the bat i can kind of
tell that this is the fake one it's
definitely got like thinner cardboard
and it does not feel as heavy and then
inside they don't look like the same
colors pretty much at all but they are
called the same things and the font is
like pretty similar now for our face
test i want to go in for a color that's
more similar in the pan so let's go in
with blue ice I'm gonna put this right
on the cheekbone
oh you can see like some serious like
white and blue reflex in there as well
as some like glitter going on suddenly
my face turned patriotic and then I'll
go in with the fake blue ice on the
other side oh that's actually quite
shimmery but it looks very different
it's like pretty much just like a white
shimmer that was more than I bargained
for
so just to the naked eye they definitely
don't look the same but I am pretty
impressed with like how much shine there
is in the fake highlighter all right so
let's start with the real side of my
face for the microscope oh my God look
at my cheek hairs oh they're so
insistent wow that looks like a frozen
lake or something like a frosted desert
I think that this highlighter has a lot
of like different elements of shimmer
like it's got like your add essent
glitter larger glitter chunks things
happening like you can see it all here
all right let's see the other side
oh this interestingly looks a lot like
the fake eye shadow from earlier there's
no glue to be seen like it is mostly
like a white glitter but it is a very
continuous glitter and though the other
side may have had more chunks I think
that this one has more of like an even
coverage all right so on my arm I'm just
gonna really quick swatch this purple
horseshoe color and these two don't
really look the same
in the pan the original color is more of
like a glittery periwinkle whereas the
fake shade is just straight-up purple
all right so let's take a look at the
real one first ah oh wow
so looking at them next to each other
the real one is definitely a lot more
blue and it doesn't really reside in the
cracks as much now as for the fake
highlighter
besides the difference in color it also
kind of seems like a smoother swatch I
mean the thing is like you can't say
that this one is like better because
it's just trying to replicate the
original but like on its own it's like
kind of a cool purple shimmery thing so
I feel like whoever makes this fake
palette would be better off making like
their own highlighter palette cuz it
wasn't half-bad provided of course there
is no feces in here all right so with
highlighter done next up is mascara so
this is the real better than sex mascara
and this is the fake one the font is
definitely slightly different but if you
didn't have like the real one to compare
I could easily see myself thinking that
this was the real better than sex
mascara all right so let's start with
the real one which looks like this it
smells vaguely chemically but like not
from afar like I can't smell it from
here
alright so I'm gonna do my left flashes
no I just smeared it on my face it's
fine oh yeah you did a number on your
eyelid leave me alone and then this is
the fake tube the brush is somewhat
similar but I would say that it's a bit
smaller oh this doesn't smell good no oh
oh it almost smells like the original
formula but just like sour milk added in
alright ready let's just try not to poke
my actual eyeball no doesn't seem to be
as lengthy as the other side but nothing
Bad's happened yet it is maybe not quite
as voluminous as the left eye but it
looks like there's something on there
and I also can't smell the mascara from
here which is always a good thing so
with our mascara on let's see what the
microscope has to show us oh yeah oh
yeah it's very strange to see like the
inner rim of my eyelid oh so you're like
a shot everyone just your eye and it's a
terrifying it's like looking into like
the eye eye like a giant squid hmm
alright so I think here you can
definitely tell that the lashes are like
coated and then if you go up you can see
that like the lash
have been extended by the mascara
formula it does look sort of like a Tim
Burton forest like The Nightmare Before
paint guy
to real alright so I'm gonna test the
other eye now oh alright so you can
definitely see like the coating of the
mascara over here and then I would say
that it is kind of extending the lashes
upwards it's not quite as extending as
the original but it's doing something is
it just me or is it the light or there's
some white specks on my lashes oh yeah
look carefully are the white specks
moving this I think there are definitely
patches on these eyelashes that aren't
completely black but when we see them I
feel like they're glitter whereas on
this side there's a couple that don't
look like glitter it could be a little
bit of them is that called confirmation
bias when I'm like this looks suspicious
because I know that there might be
suspicious stuff in there but it looks
suspicious there is definitely a
possibility that the white specks that
we saw were like eyeshadow specks that
were already on my lashes so I'm not
ruling that out but there did seem to be
a lot pretty evenly distributed
throughout the lash anyway so with
mascara done we're gonna be taking on
lipstick and for lipstick I have the
iconic Kylie lip kit I feel like there
was like an episode of Kylie's reality
TV show where she like busted a bunch of
people in this alley for like selling
fake lip kits still got him bareback all
right so we've got the Kylie lip kit in
the color Dolce K and I would say that
these two packages are like pretty
similar the fake package text is
slightly different and the fake package
also does not have silver teeth but once
you take the product out from the box
they're pretty clearly different so
let's start with the real Kylie lipstick
which is this one inside the applicator
looks like this and it smells very
heavily of butterscotch almost like a
butterscotch root beer float it smells
like butter beer so I'm just gonna like
smile and try and only get one half of
my mouth
uh-huh let's make sure we get good
butthole coverage oh yeah so that's the
real Kylie lipstick now let's go in for
the fake one the applicator itself is
definitely not super different it does
not smell like a butterscotch it doesn't
smell like vanilla it smells kind of
like a floral hotel soap ah not
betraying color Oh
no-no-no it feels much stickier on the
mouth and it also feels much thinner
like I think that especially in the
butthole it's much streaky er sorry that
was a hard sentence to say but it is
yeah it is
alright let's take a look okay alright
so it's hard for me to talk like this so
I just kind of have to like look and
then talk that's very wrinkly and very
full coverage like you can't really see
my lip at all there definitely are
cracks in there that don't look like my
lips cracks it's a created its own new
surface almost all right so now let's
check out the butthole I mean that looks
pretty gross to be honest you can kind
of see like where I put lipstick on like
five minutes ago and my saliva already
kind of like dissolving it away it
doesn't help that this lipstick is brown
for just general optics but I think that
we can tell that this is like a very
full coverage dry and cracking formula
all right let's go in for the fake side
oh all right so this side is a lot
streaked here there are definitely some
like weird like patchy spots over here
and even after drying down for a while
it's still ever so slightly tacky let's
just check out the water line real quick
it doesn't look as gross actually as
like the real side did because the real
side was more of like a war there was
more like clinging on to the wet part of
my mouth whereas this side has really
just given up which does mean that that
part is in my stomach now
that's great that's that's very good so
I think that concludes our lipstick
investigation and with that I think that
it's time for me to actually remove this
makeup look so I don't just like let
fake makeup sort of like linger on my
face too much and once we're done with
that we'll check back in alright so
quick take I don't seem to have a rash
or pinkeye yet but I think the general
rule with those kind of things is to
never speak too soon now as for the
experiment itself one thing you can't
see under the microscope is if there are
any of those questionable ingredients
that have been found in fake makeup we
did see some weird specks here and there
and there was that white stuff that we
found in the eyeshadows but I can't say
if there's feces in there for sure in
terms of
what you can see through our handheld
microscope there is definitely a
difference between the real and fake
products in terms of pigmentation and
how they sit on the skin and although my
general take remains that you should not
use fake makeup I will say for the sake
of evaluating these at face value
the fake shimmer powder products are
more similar overall to their real
counterparts and the matte powders and
liquids are more different and overall
worse all in all I do feel like I
learned something from looking at all of
these products under a microscope and
besides that I'm very relieved we didn't
see anything moving under there though
it might have been at least interesting
to see an e coli enter my eye terrifying
but one hell of a thumbnail thank you
guys so much for watching and a big
thank you once again to honey for
sponsoring this video as I said before
it's pretty easy to download and maybe
it'll save you some money on some real
make up some nice dupes here are their
but please for the love of God not fake
makeup it's for your own safety if you
liked that video make sure to smash that
like button and if you want to see more
videos like this make sure to smash that
subscribe button a big shout out to
Ryoma for watching thanks for watching
Ryoma and I will see you guys next time
