hello friends and welcome to another
video so another ugly clothing item has
found me and this time it's a swimsuit
I say found me because it feels like
these things just keep popping up I
don't know if 2017 is just the year of
ugly clothing items but they're just it
took whack Amole so over the last couple
of weeks I've seen this sexy chest
swimsuit pretty much everywhere on the
Internet this swimsuit is fifty dollars
it's made by a company called beloved
shirts and many an article had something
to say about it this hairy chest
swimsuit exists for better or for worse
the Internet is understandably horrified
by this hairy chest swimsuit so we've
come to this hairy dude sexy chest
one-piece swimsuits for women and now
without further ado the sexy chest
swimsuit they come in a few different
skin tones I think I got the lightest
one we've got some nice nipple action
going we've got some nice butt hair or I
guess lower back hair I'm not exactly
sure what the gradient is perhaps like a
sunburn of some kind
this lower crotch region has pretty much
guaranteed the D monetization of this
video it almost looks like modern art in
a way like it's like it's saying
something it's making a statement but um
I don't know what it is now usually with
ugly clothing items I'll wear them for a
week straight to try like different
combinations of other items to try and
style them I feel like with a swimsuit
you're pretty much on your own like
you're supposed to just wear this alone
into the water so I'm just gonna spend
one day beach hopping and just seeing
what people have to say so let's go try
it on because I don't think that room
quite ready for this jelly are you ready
I think so for this jelly oh my god it
wasn't ready I feel both like I'm
playing like a fun practical joke and
also like I'm gonna get definitely
kicked out of places
I don't want to ruin someone's day at
the beach like I don't want to like
upset a child there's a lot of things
happening I'm not even getting into this
yet number one is the nice contouring
that my boobs are getting from this nice
shadow it does look if you have a second
pair of boobs the nipples are very far
to the side they are yeah so there's a
bit of a differential you know the one
can assume that whatever's going on in
the crotch is meant to be like your
lower abdomen
yeah I'm not enjoying the crotch right
now there's a quick flash of the crotch
it's very unsettling I don't like my
chest hairs around like oh another fun
thing I think is the back I think that
this lighter skin tone is quite pink
looks longest swimsuit rather than me
being naked but it looks like someone
else's chest I don't know what other
people are gonna think if other people
are gonna think it's funny or if they're
gonna be like that's kind of explicit
it's less about like how I look in it
and more like I don't want anyone else
to yell it okay so it's the next day I'm
wearing my ugly swimsuit underneath a
little bit of an outfit just so I don't
get kicked out of places
this is the worst thing you ever done no
I'm just kidding oh my god that is that
was the worst thing you've ever done
one thing I will say though that I'm
liking is that
I'm not worried about my hairy arms I'm
not worried about any cellulite I'm like
they're gonna be looking at this that's
the most glass-half-full explanation
ever heard so we started off the day
with some pre Beach errands we're gonna
grab maybe some coffee some breakfast on
the way and then we're gonna grab some
beach supplies some towels we're gonna
let it out oh my god let it back in
we're walking into Starbucks again
you're gonna get us banned from all
Starbucks ever please please don't ban
me it just let me get more coverage
though how I gotta be honest yeah it
kind of makes my boobs because it kind
of has a glowy
shadow so I went into Starbucks first
and the cashier was very friendly she
made very direct eye contact and she
just smiled she didn't look down yeah
she's got manners oh I just got a good
look in the car window can you see it
yes I can because I'm a little hairs
they're they're just like really fine
ones like I've got like a fine coating
of fur at Target while we were shopping
for our beach towels I noticed a couple
people glanced at my open shirt not a
lot of like extended stares or reactions
but definitely some looks when you think
about it for a little bit it's like it's
just body hair like it's not that big of
a deal but yes it just really does sort
of visual impact me first like any like
so made some small talk with the cashier
while we were getting our towels
she was totally not looking I feel like
under a shirt it can almost get away
with being like a peach tank top with
some pattern on it so I don't think
people are really like looking too hard
they're approaching the beach I can't
wait actually at Target the cashier also
told us that it she'd seen many people
going to the beach today so it might be
very crowded which is exactly what I
want
advantage from this beach no I wanted to
do a good reveal down of the beach so I
like put my flannel back on and tied it
sort of at the midriff
this is just the best take of this
bathing suit where it's like normal
outfit and what is that this is like it
looks like a skin tone but it's just
it's not the same as yours actually the
best part is that you can't yet see the
belly button yeah the belly buttons all
the way down there oh my god
I'm Kyle XY I don't have a belly button
the midriff was almost more of a like oh
is that her so we just walked by a
family and they were very smiling and
happy and then they all looked very
concerned ly down straight at my midriff
I think that this brings us to probably
my biggest gripe with the suit is that
it's not just a naked person it's a
naked chest stretched out so you know
when I'm wearing it to expose my midriff
the belly button is way further down
because they've stretched the chest out
that brings us to a different problem
which I encountered once I stripped down
to the bare necessities no the beach was
very crowded
lots of people playing volleyball people
on the pier lots of families there and
as I drop trou the crotch became exposed
now I find the frontal crotch to be a
little more upsetting than the behind
bootie because the behind a bootie is
just like a nice hairy bootie something
about the front you kind of follow the
arrow that's pointing downwards almost
involuntarily and you're almost as you
go down expecting to see someone's junk
on this bathing suit and there's nothing
there it's like a hairy Ken doll down
into nothingness yeah I would say the
hairy chest is funny yeah I don't you go
down into there you're like nobody wants
that right now so I feel like the the
bottom part of this swimsuit just brings
up a lot of questions and a lot of
emotions now as soon as I strip down a
guy further up the beach started
cracking up so this girl Nadia looked
around to see the source of the laughter
and spotted my suit and came up to talk
to me
now nadia was very nice but she was also
a straight shooter she didn't really
like the bathing suit oh it's really bad
Nadia do you think this is the ugliest
bathing suit ever
now I had passed through Target and
Starbucks relatively unscathed
but I think something about wearing the
swimsuit fully exposed did get me a
couple of stink eyes from some parents I
think there's a couple people who are
upset over there there's like a dad and
he's like looking at me with his
daughter they look kind of upset yeah
I'm getting actually getting okay there
isn't really anything to be upset about
because you don't really see anything
it's just body hair on a chest but it's
kind of like the illusion or like
implication of nudity you know hot dogs
or hairy bathing suits on the swimsuit
also has a track record of upsetting
kids
I think people preferred me when I was
either laying down on the beach towel do
this is gonna be in the SI swimsuit
edition better feet or when I was fully
submerged in the water I did get some
good Baywatch running in which I'm not
sure how people felt about but it was
you know I had fun that's a dramatic run
you do kinda look like a theater house
aw that's what I'm saying how are you
feeling
I'm fine for your next role walk around
town we decided to walk around the pier
and get some lunch so I decided to put
my shorts back on and once the shorts
were back on and I was kind of wandering
around with the swimsuit almost as a top
the day changed so we just went to like
the shower a bit really quick one girl
pointed at me and laughed and a
different girl said she liked my bathing
suit so in the showers 5050 I will say
though that without the crotch aspect
like now that I put my shorts back on
I feel way less weird about it people
were less like stink eyes / like look
away chuckle awkwardly and way more
outwardly approving of the bathing suit
I've made some new friends what do you
guys think
we want more hair I think what people
are trying to figure out like oh is this
ugly like yeah it's not a very
attractive bathing suit but it's also
hilarious so it has more of a sense of
humor than any of the other like ugly
clothing items we've tried on you ain't
trying to look really good this was by
far the best collective good time
reaction like I feel like a lot of
people were enjoying it there these
people are talking about this onesie
over there in the bar like through the
bar they're like I did still surprise a
couple of people who saw me in their
peripheral vision I thought you might be
naked or a guy's shirt got big puffy
like the nipples are like I treated for
a scene or something so we did a little
bit of beach hopping after lunch we went
a little bit further north to a
different Beach which was actually much
more crowded and had much more of like a
pier boardwalk scene and I think that
when we were on the boardwalk not a lot
of people were noticing the swimsuit or
giving it too much attention I think we
should stop more happening
there's so many things happen more like
three performers more street vendors it
kind of just felt like part of the scene
like it's like oh maybe you could have
bought that on this pier
but once we walked a little bit further
away from the crowd I did get some good
laughs one person actually came up to me
and asked me they could take a picture
of my bathing suits Molly just took a
picture of my shirt I got her shirt
I just feel like it's the extreme
version of those white t-shirts that
have the chests or bikini bodies on them
like it's just kind of like a fun beach
gag that everyone's in on so my final
test with a swimsuit was to prank people
with it all right I'm here with my
friends Natalie ballot and Wendy we
don't know what's here
may I have attempted a secret from them
so I'm gonna reveal what's under my
shirt we hung out for a while before I
told them that I was secretly wearing
something that I wanted them to see this
is kind of a creepy thing to say to
someone but they took it in stride I
promise it's not just my naked body I'm
like slowly unbuttoning
No
to be honest the worst part is the
crotch it's just smooth
I feel like on the beach with shorts on
people can kind of like take it in on
their own time but at a restaurant it
was kind of shocking so what's the
verdict is it the ugliest bathing suit
in the world so I think that this did
prove a good swimsuit for pranking
people so after getting to know this
swimsuit a little bit better I think
it's a good swimsuit in that like I
think it's made nicely like I have no
qualms with the stitching or anything
like that I think it's like a decent
quality swimsuit it is what it is and it
makes sort of no apologies about it one
reason I might not wear it again though
is just because I feel like there is
some awkwardness about the crotch area
I am personally very Pro body hair
acceptance like I've got some body hair
on me on the stache on the arms on some
other places too so I don't think that
it's necessarily funny just because it's
a hairy chest I think it's more funny
because it just plays with your
expectation it's like you wouldn't
expect to be wearing someone's hairy
chest on your swimsuit this does though
make me kind of want to meet this person
and be like I've worn your chest I
wouldn't say I've walked a mile in his
shoes we probably walked about half a
mile in his chest this also makes me
kind of want a tiler chest swimsuit
Tyler's got very full chest hair right
away Wow right you look great you've got
such a nice crop of chest hair
I want one from you I know how do you
feel well wherever girls babies it's the
first time how does that feel Jessica
day so thank you guys so much for
watching if you liked that video make
sure to smash that like button and if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure to smash that subscribe button
and if you've already smashed that
subscribe button make sure to also smash
that little bell icon in the middle to
turn on post notifications so you get a
notification every time that I post here
are my social media handles and make
sure to check out my next bead I do a
lot of daily vlogging and QAS on there a
big shout out to a mommy for watching
thanks for watching Imani and I will see
you guys next time
