yeah crap I have to wear these hello
friends and welcome to another video
this week I'm going to be trying out
another questionable fashion item and
this time they are the completely
see-through jeans so Topshop created the
clear new mom jeans which I have
previously tried out and I think that
they were so pleased by the controversy
that those jeans caused that they took
it a step further now I feel like I've
used my fair share of alarmist language
around these clothing items so I'm not
gonna call these jeans if we can even
call them jeans the ugliest jeans in the
world but I do have to ask what the
are those Topshop now sells clear
plastic jeans and no one knows what to
wear them with clear plastic jeans and
the end of pants someone please explain
the reasoning behind these clear pants
what is the reasoning behind the clear
pants because I'm gonna be honest I
don't know exactly why any person who's
not walking a runway or perhaps going
fly-fishing would need these clear pants
shall I bring them out without further
ado be clear if you can even call them
jeans jeans my initial thought is that
this doesn't feel great oh my god I'm
also I'm very mad about this tag this
large tag inside don't you know that
your pants are clear you can't just put
a tag in here another first impression
is that it doesn't look very long which
is probably good because hopefully I'll
get some ankle breathing but you know
what I want to know why I genuinely want
to know why these pants exist let's try
them on
no no no he shoots I can go out in those
things yeah I won't be for long right so
it's not like NSFW but my thighs are
very exposed look at how I sound
it's loud I'm gonna be honest I'm
completely speechless I seen I try to
walk around with these guys on my first
impressions are they don't feel as bad
as I thought they would I'm honestly
think though that I'm probably gonna
have to take breaks in the middle of the
day just because like imagine if I get
really sweaty I have to air them out I
mean we were talking about how my legs
look like ground turkey in a produce bag
last time ha ha ha we didn't know what
was coming are they stuck to your leg
stop raise your hand if you've ever felt
personally victimized by Topshop
the sound of me walking down this
hallway right now is obscene it's not a
good noise so usually on the first day I
like to take it a little bit easy but I
also wanted to style it how Topshop
styled it and they went full bare leg
this is a lot of leg like my dams are
really out and about right now so I
thought a good introductory place to go
would be the mall that we usually go to
I don't know that I was right people are
walking by and averting attention and
you look over your shoulder there are
people looking the funny thing is I feel
so covered because like they're so
definitely on my legs like I can feel
them but like my legs are out like I am
kind of vacant I also was making a lot
of noise
but what I didn't think about was that
the noise would alert hasser by to
something happening and people would
then look and then see my bare thighs
well played chop-chop well played
I did get some very vocal positive
responses when I was in line a girl
walked by and said whoa beep pan and I
was like yeah she seems so enthusiastic
and I was like now I'm enthusiastic too
but then I did also get some confused
too negative responses probably 30
seconds after I was so excited to older
woman walked by me looked at me away so
we've been out for a couple of hours in
my clear pants I kind of reached the end
of my rope not emotionally my actual end
of the rope is because of the chafing
that's begun just my very upper thighs
started to rub against the plastic and
each other
diaper rash holding a little bit of
diaper rash maybe with some leggings
underneath it'll be better but right now
I just like I got a couple hours and
then the chafing begins and then I got
it just
I forgot the emergency pants I should
have brought the emergency pants so the
next day I went for a nighttime outfit
Tyler and I went on a little date to get
some boba I put some fishnets underneath
the pants which I think kind of worked -
the fact that the fishnets went all the
way into my boots all the lights of this
intersection or reflective of your pants
that's why they're kind of flattering is
because like they do reflect like a ton
of light so you didn't even get a good
look at the leg now are you cold
not really I'm really kind of insulated
the only problem is that there
sweaty I did notice a small amount of
fog around the crotch oh my god that's
inappropriate
we also did a spill test in which we
spilled a small amount of my boba onto
my legs just to make sure that the one
value proposition of these pants is in
fact true oh did you see it oh that
looks pretty good
oh it's running right off hey I'm a
messy eater this like actually this
could be legit it's cold I can feel it
we also stopped by the grocery store and
I hung out with my brother in the
sausages sausage or legs spot the
difference okay you guys
crusty hates these pants so loud these
pants have made my cat hate me the next
day we just had errands to run and I
wanted to try on a more like casual look
okay Tyler what did you just say I think
this casual kind of works they're kind
of cool I'm not gonna go all in in that
it's definitely working today but I do
feel like wearing pants under these
pants it's a pretty good call we went to
Costco we got some lunch my favorite
part
just groping myself it's not a big deal
we tried another spill test this time
with mustard check it out yeah it matter
I can just forget me at Offutt that was
great very satisfying actually with
leggings under the clear jeans at least
in this situation I was pretty
comfortable I wasn't getting too many
reactions except for a couple of
reactions from middle-aged women who
both really complimented the pants the
woman who was at the entrance of Costco
kind of like checking your cards when
you walk in stops me and said that my
pants really remind her of the 60s and
70s and when I told her that people
thought these pants were ugly she was
like what they're so cool so when she
mentioned the 60s and the 70s I wanted
to do some research into wear clear
plastic clothing has appeared in fashion
history before in the 1960s there was a
space-age fashion trend that included
wearing plastic clothes the trend
reflected an interest in space
exploration which was kind of a hot
topic because of the space race between
the USA and the USSR space travel and
visions of the future were everywhere in
the 60s from newspapers to runways to TV
screens and movie theaters though these
clothes were maybe not worn as everyday
attire some designers were making
clothes out of materials used by
astronauts like vinyl plastic and velcro
these outfits were kind of like
projections of what people believed
future clothes would look like it seems
like everyone was pretty sure we'd be
wearing plastic by now another instance
I found of literal clear plastic pants
being worn was in 1994 by Park Jinyoung
or JYP a Korean pop star it's not clear
exactly where he got the inspiration for
the pants but he said that he wore them
as a rebellious statement and he was
actually banned from broadcasting for a
while after wearing them JYP and his
plastic pants have had a reamer gence
recently so maybe Topshop got the
inspiration for the plastic pants from
him okay so back to my leaflet Plaza you
feel at home I found my people we have
groceries to get put me in the car day
for after the success of the black
leggings under the plastic pants I
decided to go for some camo leggings
that I purchased earlier in the week
our patterns under the clear gene I
think it's gonna fun I think it's one
that you can like hit a window into the
pattern my only issue was that my
leggings were very high waisted and the
pants were kind of falling down so I
kept trying to hike them up but besides
that I was having a good time I feel
like the camo and the plastic kind of
complemented each other like I am not
only in camo
I'm also
under an invisibility
and we actually just walked by a guy who
looked at my pants and said oh my god
what I like the camo pants though
I'm standing by him day 4 was also the
day that we flew to Orlando for playlist
live I actually had ordered these pants
a while ago but I wanted to wait to wear
the pants for this week so I could bring
them to you guys at playlist I am NOT
going to be wearing these on the plane
I'm sorry guys I couldn't do it a
five-hour flight and clear jeans is just
not in the cards it wouldn't have been a
good look and by luck I mean sound so
outfit 5 was the first day of playlist
and I had a Q&A that day and I was very
excited to hear what you guys had to say
about the plastic pants I hope it's not
too like a wrist game I do have shorts
and fishnet tights on but you know we'll
see we're on the way to the QA and I
just you can hear me coming by the time
we get to the panel no one's gonna be
there yeah I mean like is that a swamp a
lot of you guys were very complimentary
of the plastic pants you guys were very
nice about them I actually think there
is something aesthetically cool about
them when you've got something going on
underneath okay so we just finished our
QA and a lot of you guys seem to like
the pants in a certain way my friend's
Natalie and Dennis from Natalie's outlet
and Dennis's outlet we're also very nice
about them
I know
Tyler and I are gonna download this like
decibel measuring app and we're gonna
see how loud these things are I don't
know precise it is it's an app but it
should work I want to turn the
microphone near your pants
let's see you now oh my god oh yeah I
broke 80 do you see that I go fool go
for broke 80 decibels so cloud pants so
up until that point I hadn't washed the
pants so I thought their plastic might
as well try and just walk into the pool
with these jeans on I haven't looked at
the tag I haven't looked at the care
instructions I'm angry at the tag
they kind of work in the bathing suit go
party but you don't want to touch anyone
else's leg it's actually perfect for
water parks they definitely felt very
weird in the water it felt like a
plastic bag kind of like dragging me
back you're like trash island if
anything is now that I'm in the water
like no one else around he can really
tell unless they saw me walk in but I'm
just wearing clear
around the tag did you just go in just
that you found that in the pool so
outfit six was me in my bathing suit and
my soggy plastic pants we'll see if this
actually cleaned the pants I mean they
definitely got a good rinse but I got a
lot of compliments on the pants around
the pool so maybe they kind of go with a
swimsuit look even though they're not
really first swimming speaking of the
tag no I did not cut the tag out just in
protest of the fact that there exists a
tag on these pants and that honestly is
is the crime that Topshop should be
charged with is putting a tag in plastic
pants so outfit seven for the final
outfit I feel like in the last couple of
videos I've kind of been like building
up the ugly items together I actually
wanted to take it in the opposite
direction and try and like make it as
wearable as possible on the way to our
meetup I tried to go for the space teen
aesthetic back to the Xenon references
of course I'm excited I'm excited to
meet a lot of you guys but I'm also
apologetic in advance if I ruin any
photos I think generally you guys liked
them I actually do think that outfit
seven is my favorite of all the outfits
I think something about the top and the
bottom being kind of space-age II and
see-through worked together the meetup
went pretty smoothly the only hiccup was
when Natalie and Denis noticed that I
had some but condensation
Oh a bit farting out here I have it I
think it's from butt sweat even though
it's pretty comfortable inside the pants
with leggings it can get a little warm
so we're gonna go with that
Wow that's awkward because of the butt
sweat I kind of like retired the pants
until nightfall this is an indoor outfit
so I stayed inside for most of the day
the Sun is actually going down right now
now we're gonna take my plastic pants
and go to Universal hopefully the pants
have a good time the pants at Universal
we're actually not super uncomfortable
like I was able to like sit places with
just a little bit of totnes around my
thighs and knees and I was actually
feeling pretty limber
I was kind of you know shuffling around
having a good time there was a party
afterwards at which my legs got super
condensation II because I was dancing a
lot
I feel like dancing amongst other people
really brought on the condensation but
just wandering around Universal was like
pretty okay overall I think I've had a
change of heart about these pants I
think when you're wearing them with bare
legs underneath they're just too
uncomfortable to really be worth it but
when you've got tights or leggings or
fishnets or whatever underneath it's
kind of a cool effect it looks like
you've got like static electricity
around your legs or you know you are an
astronaut like Utes
it is a kind of space-age look I
definitely think there's a practicality
issue with these pants even with stuff
underneath them they don't breathe very
well so you do get condensation now and
again and that's definitely something to
think about especially if you're
planning on wearing them all day long
the chafing in the condensation is bad
but manageable the noise is unavoidable
it attracts a lot of attention you can
hear Sofia coming down the hallway these
are like borderline soundproof walls
these pants definitely have flaws but
there is something cool about them that
I do enjoy I also really love that I got
to bring them to playlist and share them
with you guys there I think that you
guys enjoyed it I hope a little bit oh
and one more thing I don't think they're
jeans I think they're just clear pants
so let's just start calling them clear
pants we don't think they're there
aren't pants but they're not jeans or
not denim so shout out to Emma blackery
who also did a video on these clear
pants she wore them around London for a
day and I've linked her video in the
description so make sure to check that
out also a big thank you to everyone who
tweeted me pictures from our QA and our
Meetup
I loved meeting all of you guys even if
you didn't tweet me pictures I loved
meeting you and you all made my first
playlist so memorable and I can't wait
to hopefully come back if they want me
back but I love meeting you guys thank
you guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did make
sure to smash that like button and if
you want to see more videos like this
make sure to to mash that subscribe
button and if you've already smash that
subscribe button make sure to shamash
that little bell icon in the middle to
turn on post notifications so you get a
notification every time that I poke
here are my social media handles and
make sure to check out my next beat I do
a lot of daily blogging and q and A's on
there a big shout out to Veronica for
watching thank you for watching Veronica
and I will see you guys next time
