hello friends and welcome to another
video today I'm gonna be ordering
customized shampoo for the hair that is
on my head but let's be real I've also
used shampoo for the hair that it's not
on my head and honestly I think it works
better than body wash so basically a
couple of months ago I started seeing
ads for this company called function of
beauty and they basically have you take
like an online quiz and then from that
they determine your hair concerns and
then send you personalized shampoo and
conditioner currently my hair care
routine consists of alternating between
dandruff shampoo and normal shampoo
conditioner and then a little leave-in
straightening treatment and I pretty
much let my hair air dry and then just
like live my life so I'm really excited
to see if this personalized haircare
regimen can up my hair routine a little
bit and give me that extra move I feel
like whenever I think of haircare
commercials so I think of Eva Longoria
being like L'Oreal because I'm Eva
Longoria I think my two main hair
concerns are dandruff and or the
potential for dandruff and then also the
potential to kind of get like fluffy
ends like I think I need sweetening
properties in my shampoo otherwise it
can especially at this length that could
get kind of like fluffy at the bottom if
this personalized shampoo and
conditioner can address and solve all of
my hair care needs I mean it seems like
it could be worth it to me so I think we
should take this quiz and find out okay
so I'm on the function of beauty website
I think we got to go to the yep start
hair quiz let's do that question number
one hair type straight wavy curly coily
I think I'm straight I think I'm
straight question number two hair
structure fine medium and coarse it
could be medium it could be medium okay
let's go with medium number three scalp
moisture my scalp can get pretty oily
but I also get dandruff
I wonder if dandruff is caused by dry
scalp or buildup many people think that
a dry scalp is synonymous
with dandruff but either a dry scalp or
an overly oily scalp can cause excess
cells to clump and fall off forming
dandruff flakes that is an appetizing
description if I ever heard one my scalp
is so that if I skip more than one day
of washing I start looking like a young
severus snape so I'm gonna have to say
oily probably select five hair goals
definitely straighten I do like the
sound of shine Norrish roots
sounds like anti dandruff and so does
suit scalp I think I'm gonna go for
strengthen maybe one day I'll be like
one of those ladies from the Garnier
Fructis commercial picking up stuff with
my hair okay that's five hair goals
customize your formulas number one
shampoo color alright they're all
pastels that's fine yeah I'm just gonna
we're gonna go over purple why not
fragrance so the one that's recommended
with a little star is the essential oils
so I'm just gonna go with that one for
fragrance strength the light medium
strong I don't need a strong fragrance
but I like I like my shampoos to smell
like something formula name first name
or nickname soft nailed it choose a size
and frequency just because I'm just
testing this out I think I'm gonna go
for the eight ounces bottle of shampoo
and 8 ounces bottle of conditioner 36
bucks for a bottle of shampoo and a
bottle conditioner is not cheap but if
you're paying 18 bucks for like a really
good shampoo I've seen more expensive
shampoos out there so we'll see if it's
magic or not my order has been placed
these bad boys will be here in about 11
days and then we can get to suds it and
see if this stuff is worth it because
honestly I feel like whenever I try a
shampoo that doesn't quite agree with me
my dandruff lets me know very quickly
okay so we've got the box that arrived
welcome to my toilette let's get into it
here is the function of Soph I'm out
here trying to function let's that
shower together guys business is young
shower
you're invited okay wetting the hair and
no we don't usually be the bathing suit
on buzzer no got it keep it pg-13 that
we care I'm starting with a function of
stock shampoos wasn't it smells really
nice it smells very strongly eucalyptus
and lavender but it doesn't feel too
strong at my scalp
you know sometimes would use standard
shampoo it's like like you doesn't feel
like that isn't targeting your dandruff
specifically I put in please go I'm
concerned so they know about it I just
wanted to be like straight and plate
free okay does that help
can't see what he's in this fan so this
is the function of soft conditioner oh
it feels so good they feel like pretty
much enormous me absolutely conditioner
Wednesday they feel too much different
usually I'd be in the shower for you
guys don't really know right now you
have that's what super longer to tell so
I'm gonna use this for the rest of the
week and see if I noticed like a
difference in my hair I guess I'm going
to use it till it's done but pay for it
but like I'll use it for seven days you
got to feel good okay so it's almost on
air drying it is definitely really soft
obviously this is just one wash so this
isn't the end-all be-all but it doesn't
look much different to me touch my hair
whoa what do you think that's actually
really nice is it softer than usual
it's like fluffier than usual it was a
little bit more pillowy so it's been a
couple days I've used my shampoo and my
hair does feel really soft one thing I'm
noticing is that I'm going through the
shampoo really quickly I think it's
because I'm a little bit excited about
it I'm like hey look at this fancy
shampoo stuff I'm just gonna dive right
into that I'm going through the shampoo
already probably twice as fast as I'm
going to the conditioner but that's like
the story of my life I don't want to use
up the whole thing like literally in a
week but it's what's the last you like a
month or something so just need to calm
myself down okay so I've been using the
shampoo for four days one thing that I'm
pretty impressed by is that usually if I
go off of a dandruff shampoo for a
couple of days I will start getting
little flakes and then I'll have to like
use a dandruff shampoo like once or
twice to kind of get back on track and
there are no flakes so far so it is
definitely handling the scalp issue
pretty well there are no snow storms
blizzards drizzles it's pretty calm
upstairs okay so it's been about five
days of me using the shampoo and I
honestly actually really do prefer it
but I did remember why I don't usually
buy expensive shampoo why do you have so
much shampoo in your hand I like it like
that
why it's so nice it smells so good why
are you wearing swim trunks usually I
don't mind when Tyler uses my bath
products in fact it's pretty expected at
this point but when you've got that
expensive shampoo though since you used
this fancy shampoo how does your hair
feel today um I can't really tell
because it there's a little bit of gel
in it so but it feels really nice it
feels pretty flake free do you get
dandruff too you know so you know
wouldn't know so what do you think of my
hair it's not like a huge noticeable
difference do you think that I could
pick things up with my hair have you
ever seen those commercials what I know
you're talking about Thai they're
Garnier Fructis yeah it looks stronger
and it does kind of it has more sort of
fiber miss Dewey I'm gonna try and drag
you about my hair let's go I don't know
what that experiment was I don't know
that didn't really do it but no it feels
I think that your hair feels very thick
and very strong like Viking have so
we're finishing out the week of using
this custom shampoo and things are
feeling great smelling great like I love
everything about my hair right now the
thing that is stopping me from being
like yes get it is the price difference
between what I usually get and the
function of beauty haircare
I've been doing some approximate
calculations basically what we have here
is the things that I normally use I
switch off between these two shampoos
and then I use this conditioner so the
approximate cost for all of these three
things is $17.40 that includes about 24
ounces of dandruff shampoo from Target
this oh gee ex stuff that's about 13 and
a half ounces and this stuff from
L'Oreal which is eight and a half ounces
so both
the function of beauty stuff are 8
ounces each and they cost $36 together
so it's nearly exactly twice as much for
these guys you could probably get close
to the results of this by just doing
trial and error of like different
products at the drugstore but you're
kind of paying for like the ease of it
right you don't have to go and try
different things and like do the
research and stuff so the goals were to
straighten and shine nourish roots
soothe scalp and strengthen I think
overall it did accomplish those things I
did try and pick up a couple of things
with my hair yeah my hair is not long
enough to pick stuff up I absolutely
love the way this stuff smells I got the
essential oil smell which to me is like
minty tea trees eucalyptus lavender the
other thing I really liked was that I
usually alternate my shampoo with a
dandruff shampoo but I did not use a
dandruff shampoo at all this week and I
did not see any flakes appearing I
really did love using this stuff and I
love taking the quiz it's hard to show
you like the before and after because I
don't think that there's like a really
big marked difference in the way that it
looks though there was a comment on one
of my videos this past week that said
your hair looks very soft so maybe you
can see it my one barrier is just the
price it is twice as expensive as the
stuff that I usually buy for Less
shampoo and conditioner I'm never going
to use it down to the very bottom unless
Tyler gets there first but I'm thinking
about it I'm considering buy more but if
you're someone who spends about this
amount of money on your shampoo and
conditioner anyway this could be perfect
for you and the quiz is really fun and
also I think pretty accurate but also
really fun thank you guys so much for
watching my friend Candice also tried
out the function of beauty customized
shampoo she has a different hair type so
if you want to check out her video I'll
link it in the description below and
I'll also put it in the end cards at the
end of the video if you liked that video
make sure to smash that like button and
if you want to see more videos like this
make sure to smash that subscribe button
and if you've already smashed that
subscribe button make sure to also smash
that little bell icon to turn on post
notifications so you get a notification
every time that I post here are my
social media handles and make sure to
check out my next beat I do a lot of
daily vlogging and Q&A is on there a big
shout out to Andrea Thank You Andrea for
watching and I will see you guys next
time
