everybody else's having a breakfast
right now well really just my mom and
Libby's right Libby rabbit said
breakfast what you haven't what are you
eating what kind of cereal honey nut
cheerios how do you got yours that's
what they're doing right now I've been
wandering around the house thank you
should I clean my room because I really
don't want to but I have to buy lice are
you from a bad camera cuz I give all my
like shaky and it's going so crazy I
really new to this so sorry
go get better I promise pinky promise me
I teach me some techniques sorry I'm not
talking about a lot today my throat this
week Gilly he's so much but yeah that's
what's happening in our house right now
super messy I guess we're gonna clean
that today I'm started cleaning out the
closet
way to go and then stalls are doing some
laundry this room is a mess here let me
show you from the front door that
probably might be the better view here
yeah that's her mom
Lupe's been on Ron's phone like an hour
oh yeah
you okay
yeah even on the phone odds all morning
right I haven't upstairs clean I'm doing
that right now
I just finished wrapping up Levi secures
nice person I don't wanna know what I
that's what it is okay this is my room
yeah I got a better feel for you guys
here on my bed okay so dad I don't
isn't it just amazing how messy my room
can be in a day this is not in a day
it's like three weeks four weeks five
weeks yeah I'm working on cleaning it
you know oh my god would just die okay
just turned FX oh yeah I'm actually
gonna do a whole makeover my red so I'm
gonna show you guys the room right now
and then you guys can see so this is
gonna be my that's though before that I
showed you
oh I'll show you guys one more time and
then I'm gonna show you guys the after
it's gonna make a really really
different like that probably not gonna
be there that is gonna be gone those two
are probably gonna are gonna swap yeah
it's gonna be awesome
sorry I'll get back to you guys after
hey guys so my room is getting a lot
better
I'm gonna step in here for a second I
want to say a something and I want to
tell you guys something
and what I wanted to tell you guys is
yeah most of my stuff in my room that I
am doing video my projects and I want
you guys to stay tuned for that because
I'll be showing how you make all them
which is gonna be awesome
I love making my DIY projects personally
it's so much right so I'm actually gonna
show you something right now a little
sneak peek err okay so this is one of
mine
you can put like little pens markers
whatever you are sticking to one of them
I attached my right to my joists so
there's also some chalk in there and it
could rain oh my job and then this is my
other one sorry her stuff it's a paint
holder his so here I painted it myself
and inside is great color AUSA fits one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven twelve
hey Lucy smells
so there's just so many other ones like
there's a star over there and like this
I like that's just so many other ones oh
yeah and I mean this one it's awesome
yeah my rooms actually a lot more better
and then you guys can see the swap them
gonna be doing is cool little camera
Stan thing I can't show you just it's on
two camps but it's awesome I just wanted
to tell you guys that and now I don't
have to little kyndra and I keep some
hand axes and guys so I I got this gun
Catina boys empty it still the rat but
oh but look how smart I so you actually
print um some I'll pin here let me show
you actually here's an example you open
it up from the gun cool are you usually
get your gun and you get one so that's
my idea they said because I think it's
no I'm super scared that one let's go do
the Mia that one those stuff don't fall
let's do this okay you guys I didn't
finish baby made s good witch bitch
moving my desk here it was like right
there alright no sir
I didn't realize for my reaction was
it's really big that's good look nice
after it's good to the end which is even
harder most of the times I was 20
minutes later look how far I got it so
high it was like great over there like
right over there every ish and I got so
do you hate it supposed to go with their
endless thing where it's like my dick I
just got changed just in short I'm so
hot and then like this too hard I can do
it though missus I actually mom was here
he has a super ready sword now I know
what the nice feel like he looks how you
do stuff that's show you guys how close
I ever this much more space that much
more I used it you guys are the help my
mom she moved it over with its
decorating it and experiment office and
praying it over there and then I said oh
boy what she actually are probably low
get into right now I'm so happy I made
it over my hands are really sore but
yeah way to show you guys right after
it's gonna look amazing
okay guys I finished matrice you guys
the vacant come to below you guys same
interest there's this
I put them here or I'm gonna hit made
Mia in here it's gonna look so nice like
I'm like looking over here guys just
making sure I'm actually pointing in the
right way
let me have my animals my paintings the
flowers I show you that yeah and hey the
boys are back from school and we're back
from getting Malachi cuz he missed the
bus the bus I had like three wire well
in that school and also the Jameses
blockers like one Locker away from them
and yeah it cut off but the big
humongous break oh oh Gavin's lockers
use it a brush and he was trying to uh
he was in a rush and like dirt dirt lost
a race idler man who's Arashi he tried
to Sherlock and then he walked and then
he fought it and the game's walking was
his so he walked it on a yawn is not
gonna be happy about his doctor broke so
he had to get someone to cut the lock
off stutters oh they're not like I move
out of the way right yeah and you had to
collect three water bottles that's what
my oh I think I change my mind about my
room so I'm actually just gonna give you
guys a sneak peak of two plates my room
I already showed you my dresser and I'm
gonna show you my desk which I finished
and I completely all up so I'm just good
quick thing so I'm not gonna show you
any other parts of my room yet and it's
done
it was really great
okay so I did all myself
