guys there's cute little baby ducks over
here look at them aren't they adorable I
just want to like pick one up and cuddle
with it much cuter than the baby geese
that are around here somewhere they got
big too fast
these ones are still so itty-bitty
they're so cute don't mind the noise in
the background so we are at the bridge
by our house little pond here well it
leads to lake but and we're gonna try
fishing the kids dug some worms out in
the backyard and I'm gonna try getting
some little fishies that live in here
we'll see how it goes right Anthony you
excited yeah you guys move on the edge
on the side yeah that's what you want to
do yeah even are you gonna go fishing
too fortunately everything's covered in
weeds out there so Sparky over here cold
dad
do you think you're too short you have
to go somewhere else I wait for dad to
help you stuff okay dad has to help you
still can't you be careful up there
mister don't pull it up we'll see how
this goes okay guys looking at me caught
a fish first fish of the year and it was
all Abney a nice perch good job abny see
if we can catch some more probably not
we got crappy worms they keep just
ripping off our hooks and come back
tomorrow probably at my aunt's house and
a barbecue all right okay go help me get
that fish up what tonight the tides in
our backyard
let me are you having fun or not you're
climbing over me nice but mom right
Oh careful is collided hedge their
goodness squishy bed now
what dad said you're having so much fun
in here as soon as I come in come in
she's freaking out oh why can't you be
happy for mummy fisher's wants to be
with touching you holding you loving you
is that true Livie so true you're the
worst
I see you okay so we didn't end up
catching any more fish yeah I mean was
the only way to cut is the worst camera
person I don't even know what I'm
talking about
fishing I haven't caught a fish I really
wanted caught one we just came home cos
lit shortly after that video clip oh
yeah so I didn't last long
oh these she's using to clean it
