okay so Josh and I aren't away to his
bachelor party that starts in two
minutes and we're stuck in traffic
pick up so today's Vicki's birthday and
I'm ditching her her 30th birthday she
has fun day planned of watching kids
shoe shopping sounds like fun a Vicki
she's really disappointed in me I am
feel bad but I already totally the wrong
time ago this is the only date guys can
do for his bachelor party so I'm gonna
make it up to her another day with all
kinds of awesomeness how's that the mall
and we got a fire truck be happy have
fire truck hey laughs I you happy have
fire truck are you going to fight your
trip are you gonna drive it yeah yeah
boom boom boom boom drive the fire truck
and avenues two bigs going to fire truck
oh yeah
but return sushi hey guys what's up so
i'm at josh's place now and we're
assembling a barbecue and josh already
lost the screwdriver one i founded so
yeah look at all these parts and pieces
we have to have this assembled today for
the bachelor parties so we can BBQ all
the deliciousness that we have for that
party so yeah this is what we're doing
pre bachelor party fun mm-hmm hey guys
here's Levi shirt and now we're shopping
for a bini and look what we found look
it she can match her brother Missy oh
you wanna see that would be with you
it's like exactly the same that's so
funny okay so Josh and I are on the way
to his bachelor party that starts in two
minutes and we're stuck in traffic I
hate you City of Toronto and your
stinking lousy road look and Josh was
just pointing out that road over there
is going so well here we are over here
it's a longer I going it's longer and we
have four minutes just sorry sorry it's
a differently edit it and we're starving
to death because we couldn't get the
stupid barbecue assembled whoa now Josh
don't kill you scribsy Jen still so yeah
this is what happens when you have a
bachelor party so we're at the virtual
golf place and josh is trying to get
closest to the green no pressure just
over 2,000 people are watching this
right now live stream oh yeah ready does
it it's too far no way that's gonna be
right on
that was the best shot yet though that
was a good shower head for you too bad
he didn't get on the green but whatever
that's cool guy is always running ahead
of us and anything it being a dinosaur
right now
he's in his own little world Levi's
driving still mad ebony steering you
have to steer I'm not gonna yeah but you
have to because he'll go cricked you got
to do it get over here trying to sneak
on the escalator now we're heading to
the food court to get some lunch because
we're all hungry I had my time at the
plate place and I dream I exchanges cuz
my mom came with us after we get ice
cream we do is that what you said to
them my mom says want me to know when
they're in the play place lady she said
something and then avenues like yeah she
was so excited I was like what did you
say now i know they get ice cream so all
my kids have bagels for lunch that's
what they wanted to have
we brought juice boxes from home instead
of pains and apple juice that's the
restaurant figured why not great keeper
are you enjoying your bagel yeah and
you're a big boy sitting in the pink
sitting in the chair it's a big boy it's
good knees whole bagel you're right and
then I got greasy junk food what was I
thinking I might regret that look what
my mom does gone second family is
looking lunch ever how did you even find
that in the food court I find it every
time I hear well that's the knowledge on
to your daughter
right guys
look at their freaking out what do you
want Levi strawberries honest rapid
yogurt strawberry know what do you want
the yogurt they're just gonna eat your
food Levi found some shoes yeah you find
some shoes who's on your shoe who's that
yeah Elsa Elton darkness oh yeah oh yeah
you like them yeah okay here's my trial
looks like when you're driving down
towel
you guys thought about professed videos
but Shankar all and Charles Trippy and
all of them we're at the top of that
Tower doing the tower of death thing
really like walk around the outside of
the tower it's pretty crazy so we had a
pretty successful trip shopping and I
got the shoes for the kids I got a pair
of flats for myself and a couple of
maternity tops and skirts which is good
so I wanted those oh and i got my mom
bought me a pair of really nice
maternity jeans because all my jeans are
not fitting properly so um yeah she
bought me a pair of maternity jeans are
really nice for my birthday and pair of
sunglasses for my birthday so that was
really nice and now it's just a gorgeous
day outside actually start off pretty
cool like snowy this morning and now I
was like sunny and really nice so when
we came back from the store the kids are
like we go on the trampoline what's up
to see yes so they probably been on now
for like a good half an hour so all
three of them so the best thing about
having Chinese food last night was that
for my birthday I got chinese food again
playing on the best thing for me but
like so yummy I am officially 30 and I
have a lot of people ask me how I feel
about that do I feel older do I feel
depressed you know things like that and
I thought about it and I was like you
know I'm not really depressed about it
because I have everything that I wanted
by the time I was 30 like I wanted to be
married and done having kids I'm close
enough you know cuz I want to be a young
mom and I wanted to have a job and a
house of our own and just be a happy
complete little family and be a wife and
a mom and those are things that I wanted
in life and I feel like God's really
blessed me though I'm really happy about
being 30 cuz I feel like my life's
pretty good though I makes me a little
bit depressed when I look back at like
pictures and stuff of like when I was
pregnant with a bini compared to being
pregnant now because you know I look so
different I look older I am trying to
get some wrinkles and stuff I need to be
more careful but what I eat things like
that I don't know though I'm okay with
it I'm good and thank you so much for
all the happy birthday
and I'm just very very blessed so thank
you and now I'm probably well I'm gonna
tidy up a bit and then I'm gonna go bad
guys so Nicholas some board and all
three kids went to bed really good and
they're sleeping so i might as well join
them and go to sleep because we have
church tomorrow hey B then hey guys so I
came up with a little song about my day
and I wanted to share it with you so it
goes like this happy birthday to me we
went shopping I was with my favorite
people mine is daddy there you go Nick
you missed our fun day but at least you
get to see it on the vlog and I'm sure
you were having so much fun at the
bachelor party and I guess I will see
you and all of you guys tomorrow night
