happy birthday to you recife oh excuse
the babies ah oh that's the baby i love
you have the baby Lola and give kisses
or kisses Oh more way more hugs and
kisses huh I'm so sweet baby your baby's
in the Tamils mama yeah what are you
doing oh I didn't want the mummy thank
you again are you building yeah but Levi
made guys he did that all by himself
here's just sitting here so quietly and
I came in to check on him back he was
building what did you make dad zoo
dinosaur oh my goodness you guys see the
big bruise on the advice a cheek look at
the big bruise on his face yes oh how
cool a flying dinosaur oh I'm really
impressed with that Levi did a good job
yes of the furs on his face is that he
was I mean a perfect table not the
kitchen table just a little table in the
living room I me and he just fell flat
on his face and I think he hit it on the
table or something I don't know but I
mean it's like a media yeah but you
don't it can always Photoshop every
pictures do you know what color this is
yeah color is it yellow that's right
yellow yellow he's learning his colors
pretty fast and actually really
impressed now he's gonna work on potty
training
okay guys remember that nice soap
dispenser that I bought on the other
night at walmart well we went to fill it
up and it's not working so look my nice
new soap dispenser good thing I still
have like the big giant bottle so I can
put it in but look nothing comes out
thank you bump it so frustrating so now
I've already filled it now I gotta dump
it back out I don't understand why it
won't work was needing that full Sarah
you got dumped it back into year won't
won't won't that was a soap dispenser
fail yeah I haven't really got me
separate I didn't have to cook it a
 burger dude look at even Levi's
eat Chinese food y la yum you go good
don't go to me what's your favorite amin
the wontons I'm shoe yeah ticket moles
you want what ah good you know what that
is happy oh you're happy do you want
happy you wants to sing happy happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
mommy happy birthday to me oh thank you
me so sweet avenues a good translator
for Levi happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
mommy happy birthday to you so there's
three candles cuz mommy's 30 years old
how's it feel tomorrow hey don't you
think about it here you go happy
birthday mom 10 years on the three kids
so she's at a kid every 10 years I'd
like something like that anyway here's a
brownie Ricky didn't want cakes you want
a brownie oh you want brownies say I
want brownies hey guys what's up so I'm
just gonna end the vlog but I want to
remind you well you're watching this is
Vicki's 30th birthday so please leave a
really nice comment below to tell Vicki
however much you appreciate her on her
birthday today and I want to say a
personal message to Vicki right now
Vicki I love you so much I cannot even
imagine my life without you everything I
do is for you you are the most important
person in the entire world for me and I
I really can't imagine my life without
you you gave me these three amazing kids
that you spend so much time loving and
raising and I appreciate so much you do
so much around the house for me you so
much just to take care of me and the
kids and I mean you're just a wonderful
person I love being with you love
spending time with you I don't even like
to go out places if you're not going to
be there I love you so much Vicki you're
the best thing that's ever happened to
me and I'm so glad that I'm able to
celebrate the 30th birthday with you and
I can't wait to celebrate the 80th or
the 90th birthday with you I love you so
much didn't really appreciate you
