oh well I have had a crazy day today and
poor Brielle was surrounded by boys
today she had her barbies in the bedroom
with the gate up so that they would
leave her alone of you can see hey race
in there um so yeah now i just have
matthew for a daycare and we're actually
all just waiting for avenue so you're
waiting by the door for albany right are
you oh don't squish your brother are you
crawling a venir mommy behind a door
sure now you go behind the door Oh like
this Oh our bus is coming soon he's
always here almost here Levi don't go
out there because you're gonna get wet
feet I can tell me whoo you need boots
that's right your dinosaur boot yeah
yeah sorry i can't show them to you but
that's Matthew talking Oh Levi's calling
a panino where she's supposed to be here
one minute that like said baby it's such
a yucky rainy day yeah we have Mian got
to go aside for anything today I hope
Mel tonight okay I rainy and wet it is
like left his shoes out there those need
to on the garbage Oh am i hearing about
yeah am I my universe ah damn I think
I'm hearing a bus
how is a big truck it tricked us it
tricked us get cheap trick this is not a
bus that's a truck you caller just don't
get your feet wet can I get your feet
wet are you getting wet you see you
running here she comes see by bus good
read the meter at the other door here
she comes oh there's a package well
thank you huh here this is the cutest
delivery girl I've ever seen I deliver
girl yeah I take your shoes off and then
come in so guys I finally got some of my
memory cards I'm like 30 what is it
called the data on the memory card
deleted so I have full memory cards now
so now when I make any video don't cut
out half way and be like insufficient
space on card because that happens to us
all the time socially to Nick and you
get so frustrated Eagles Oh Vicki why
don't you delete on the card so i
finally found time to do that today and
which is good because that was much I
get Awards really live so yeah so now I
can actually put up the pictures of the
kids on facebook because I was really
behind on that I mean you got Levi's
birthday pictures up yet be mine who's
there hey um you miss me huh hey is
rainy yeah Oh No hey so wet yeah Oh st.
trampoline Oh treated me no way he says
King he same team daddy's back Stewart
surely hey gonna work out tonight yes I
have to UM can't quit it's always you
can't jump no it's wet yeah no jumping
yeah kids are in here playing mario kart
who's talking on Oh mom I couldn't
finish the race so he's busy oh sorry oh
I'm about first place i justified my
first getting up her first first and
purse awesome oh my goodness you at
first every time zephyr once Wow good
job that's awesome so I got almost all
the bachelor party supplies I don't need
to get some buns I'm waiting till the
last second because I don't want to be
still where are you putting the burgers
and stuff cuz we have no room in our
freezer we can throw some free stuff the
garbage excuse me you knew about your
browser the night yeah I knew what my
freezer look like how'd you get it guys
how is he gonna fit anything in here
look super sexy this right now maybe you
should start eating some of that food
before you buy more ah I have been thank
you very much God he's been pulling that
for months what's in there were 19 go
ahead and look everything in every are
eating thank you believe that bony
polizia yep he's on myself hey he's
looking outside nine pay attention to
you I'm mommy and dad yeah oh yeah I see
you guys plants whoa hey let me know you
have kisses oh yeah religious oh here's
a kid now oh hey are you kid good daddy
have a kiss yeah oh thank you mmm maybe
have a kiss where's baby recife mmm
mommy's baby good job yeah when I get
changed I was except he doesn't
understand that this baby in my tummy
teenagers baby and everybody's tummy he
went to Avenue last night it was like
baby being pointed her tummy and gave it
she's like my hubby and they did the
same thing to Nick he went over to Nick
and then there's a baby is tummy gave
him a kiss it's so funny I here I was
the key is so sweet and he knew there
was a baby in there he has no clue but
it's still cute that he gives a kiss he
loves me peace try and do a really quick
grocery shopping walmart before the kids
go to bed it's like hold out for six by
after like went back to seven but look i
got my god summers her up being like
bread bananas potatoes cereal and milk
so gotta go i had to put a tinkerbell
bandaid on molokai today so he said mom
was touring at carbon date
so I'm going to do have to buy a new
soap dispenser because ours broke so
I've got this Slough one here hoping
that it's going to match our bathroom
but i'm not sure but there's just so
many choices and they're all expensive
so hopefully matches it's not come back
i bought something in this bag look
Spiderman was the boy ones giftware
tinkerbell anymore yeah frozen so okay
do you think this matches because I mean
put soap in here I thought maybe the
blue of the counter ah kindness kind of
not too bad i think i was thinking more
of the blue over here in our picture ah
see that matches oh well how do you get
work I was pretty close close enough
right I figured hey sometimes we'll just
keep it happy good I was look she dies
ah yes new bandage ice but we oh my god
put this right here I'm Libby new owner
been abandoned on me yellow he's
pointing his finger at me I thought you
were pointing at my belly yes you can
put one on your finger why do I look at
these being needs what's that okay
spider-man look at the soap yeah this
Elsa that's what's up till I get oh it's
for everyone to share yeah yeah it's got
shiny it is though guys like this gonna
last is like one week so small well hey
guys what's up so Vicki went out to her
small groups night so the kids are all
finally sleeping I just got a tidy up
some of this dinner mess
is from my ham and then i'm going to
edit the vlog in maybe go to bed early i
had some other things I wanted to do
tonight for video editing but I don't
know if I'm gonna have time to do it or
not so we'll c is for my other channel
those two so i don't even know if you
guys are checked it out it is never
checked out my backpack hiker channel
it's a pretty big deal last people are
talking about it so it's youtube.com
slash backpack hiker this is my first
channel i've ever created this one and i
was doing it for years before i even
start of lonnie and it's all about
reviewing outdoor camping products so
you can check it out if you're into that
kind of stuff so let me know what you
guys think
