hey guys what's up so I was jumping on
the trampoline with the kids and pulled
like a muscle made back or something and
now it's been so sore
okay attempting to play badminton with
Levi here's our birdie ready gonna hit
it here comes Kelly if I go we got
Little Miss Braille or 2-litre
maybe in a cheerleader yeah Levi go
awesome we actually hit it pretty far
you watch it again
okay ready it comes Oh mommy did bad
throw
okay you're good Garrity ask me my what
where is it I don't know where'd it
you're just too lazy to get out of your
chair yeah make mommy do all the walking
he's just like served me mom served me I
just got the pun on that because like
serve in badminton and it serves me are
you doing a good job rolling the ball
with me are you going backwards backward
Wow oh yeah head-on collision there yeah
don't fall backwards near each other are
you getting mad at them I'm saying guys
it's time to stand up in Akina yeah you
tell them my heap after I guess I did
fall asleep huh
after playing outside he was too tired
there's exactly how he slept the whole
time too
just like this totally during him but I
couldn't because I had take care that's
okay
and now um Malakai cousin Nathaniel came
over to play with Malachi outside so
I'll show you so nice having the cousins
close like Daddy - I'm going to
trampoline together I got the big ball
on the trampoline to do the zipper up
buddy good job he loves his big cousin
so we decided to take a walk it's been
really nice day so yeah see you guys
walking but the kid is going to bring
their bikes yeah you have to all the
tires are all flat yeah on their bikes
on a nice quiet street Levi we have to
buy you a helmet don't we yeah we got
buy you helmet then you can try a bike
yeah I know you want a bike mm-hmm
but we didn't we forgot to get my helmet
last year when he was in like the back
of that getting me there was no helmet
yeah there we go how that fit him but
now I think you should find a helmet
fits in that too so we'll have to do
that next time we go to Walnut or
something you say wait up guys we got
bike okay so the kids - Levi and dad
you're gonna have a headstand
competition on the trampoline so just
wait one second here
oh okay hey guys what's up so I was
jumping on the trampoline with the kids
and pulled like a muscle made back or
something and now it's been so sore
it really hurts me I feel like the
oldest man and so yeah I just been
chilling over here with my heating pad
trying to come up with a banner design
for our my business thing that I'm doing
for photography which is turning out to
be quite difficult a biggie we've been
doing it for probably a good hour and a
half wouldn't you say and so we found
one that we're gonna use
and we're both not like 100% happy with
it but I think it'll do yeah and I mean
we don't have enough time to really
create something else the good news is
it's only $30 so I mean even if I get
this one and is out turning out to be a
flop and I use it one or two times at
least I'll have the ability to buy it no
time for a small cheap price Vicky you
know really tired out yeah I thought I
sit in front of a computer that long
yeah dude welcome to my job nothing my
job's horrible
don't you know you're grateful to have
one I'm grateful to have one anyways see
you guys later I see you bye bye I see
tomorrow see you guys bye
