my mom took the kids for a walk to the
store and I thought oh well they're out
I'll vacuum cuz then I won't have them
dumping stuff on the floor or you know
running through well I'm vacuuming well
I can't find the hose for the vacuum I
started vacuuming then Olson like the
hose right here is completely missing so
obviously Levi or Malik hire somebody
grabbed it and started using it as like
a sword because they've done that before
but I didn't get put back and I have no
idea where it is so I can't vacuum the
couches are getting the little spaces I
can only do the carpet so I'm like what
neither is search for that is if I have
enough things to do today today I don't
have daycare and it's like PA for the
kids so I'm just trying to get odd
things done around the house that I
wouldn't normally do like horse and
doing laundry and all that kind of stuff
but I mean first of all I had to
organize and put all like their easter
stuff away because they got so much
stuff and like chocolate and clothes and
everything and it got completely spoiled
yes I wanted to clean out my cupboard
here because i had the basket dump out
on me over here this basket it fell out
and like dumped so just guys threw it
all in there so i need to clean that out
I know I'm missing some band-aids in
there and I wanted to clean up my pantry
because it's getting really messy and I
can't tell what I need to get at the
grocery store that's nothing I you don't
need to make a grocery list so just
crazy stuff going on and now I need to
find a vacuum hose on top of it all I'm
trying to locate an invitation to a
wedding that I put somewhere for
safekeeping and now can't remember where
that safekeeping spot was you guys ever
had that happen to you have this me all
the time I don't know why I do that I
should just stick it on the fridge
because obviously stuff stays on the
fridge so that's what I should be doing
but I put it somewhere for safekeeping
can't find it so I would clean it all on
top of the fridge here and look what I
found I found another box of toffee and
I'm so excited if that was
God so I'm going to be digging into that
and then I'm gonna clean up this whole
basket see if i can find the imitation
there I thought I remember putting it
like up and a basket up here but like in
a good spot but now I can't find it and
I need it good news guys i found it it
was actually in the junk drawer in here
so that wasn't really good safekeeping
but at least i found it and now guys
some video and putting it on the fridge
it's clipped on the fridge that is where
it will stay until I need it okay now
that that's good so I called Mike at
work and I said okay where's the hose
attachment because I've looked
everywhere for the attachment for the
vacuum he goes oh um yeah it's under a
bed hey you exactly where it why is the
whole time i was searching for
everywhere anyways now i have it but I
just did what I could and I feel like
dragging the backyard again so i have to
wait till liberty ok i got supper going
got my hair dye got makeup on hopefully
my eyeshadows better i hope it looks
better than it did in the last video
it's ok i understand comments like that
and i watched the video and I was like
oh she's right because my eye shadow
wasn't blended as well so how did I do
did you okay this time is fine um so
yeah I'm just getting supper going
making some miracle chicken and I got my
potatoes boiling and they're sedition
there and I don't know what the kids are
gonna eat though cuz they never eat
wouldn't it can I like so I don't know
what I'm gonna make them yeah I got
mostly everything done on my list today
so I'm quite pleased the only thing I
didn't get done I gotta clean that
bathroom cupboard out still and I didn't
get to the pantry so you know what I
actually didn't get a lot done but it
feels like I did feels like I had an
accomplished day so that's what counts
right hey guys what's up so I just
finished one of the best workouts I've
had for so long all my bones like sore
and achy and I feel all like pumped and
motivated i got i just it went really
well so I'm really excited about that if
you guys don't know I'm doing the bony
to beastly workout program there's like
a link below if you want to check out
more details I talk a lot better on my
channel but
if you haven't checked it out that's
where you can find out more but I wanted
to show you guys remember on Monday or
something like that I started planting
all these seeds for my garden aside my
vegetable garden look at this they're
already like busting out of the tree all
these pickling cucumbers literally push
the lid the greenhouse lid off of this
tray it's pretty intense are getting
like really big already it's only really
seven days or something the only thing
hasn't Germany to get is why hot peppers
but you can see there's ones turning to
come out right there so those are the
credit butter for me so one thing I've
learned from Germany plants is that once
they started to grow and they germinated
don't keep water in them let them dry
completely out before you water them
again or still get a whole bunch of nuts
and then the plan will just die like
right away it's so frustrating i have
maybe two years in a row before I
figured it out but yeah so those are my
plants energy really well and I'm super
excited about them because I've never
pickled cucumbers before and I'm really
wanting to do that this year I want to
end up having so many pickles that I can
even have it enough of them like I can't
give them away you know so hopefully it
works out I still have to rebuild my
greenhouse that got busted in the winter
snow this year it's vicky's fall yeah
I'm not my father you shouldn't you sure
said no go Shogun's no idea yes you did
no I I just want to do go back the vlogs
in the white retirement tell me ever her
Big Easy mine's not said on vlog but I
probably told you one night if it's not
a vlog it didn't happen that's the rules
of logging anyways so Vicki friggin
looks like she got some groceries in
around for work yeah I like to the
basics on my way home from work because
I didn't have time to make my grocery
list today and I just looked at their
flyer need so much stuff on sale so I
was like oh sweet so I just started
grabbing stuff looks like a lot of Jones
challenge oh it's not this is my weight
ice ice cream I stick let's see what
else we define junk cereal jokes here yo
junk cereal you're lucky yeah great and
strawberry you got a 50-50 shot happy
half choked up good hmm anyways worries
happy now anyways we will talk to you
guys later or have a great night and
we'll see you tomorrow
why
