hey guys so today we were going to my
friend's baptism service and I thought
he said it started at ten o'clock but it
actually starts at eleven o'clock so we
were here on time guys I got everybody
up and ready and out the door which is
not regular and we're here like really
enough to get a gizmo5 time to go in sit
down get comfortable yeah we're here
like 20 to 10 yeah so now we're exam
worries and we got some breakfast tea
stuff for the kids got like and doughnut
and I was like to donut I was like Vicki
do you think you having donuts just
before we sit down for an hour a half
service for the kids is a grade yet we
never thought so yeah what we're doing
today and then after this there's a mall
in this town their worst we don't
usually get to go to the rejecter only
be has fifty percent off today only for
Easter yeah should be pretty good date
so yeah there's a short blog but we are
we had a really cool girl yet
yeah I'd even get blogs up on time yeah
so I'm sorry yes I've had like a
headache go away again yeah and Rudolph
so yeah we will see you guys tomorrow
have a great easter weekend for us today
for church the smile guys about this
bowl yeah yeah yeah we'll see you guys
later bye
