no man handled it you do it right you
doing the whole virtual hey guys focus
what we made it to good friday service
it was a close call but we actually made
it and Nick bitch niggas he was on
worship team okay Melissa and he tells
me when he wakes up in the morning oh
I'm a worship team I'm like so I
couldn't get up earlier got myself ready
and then not the kids ready okay listen
to this is my go-to where are you
dressing up for service and she goes
yeah we're dressing up so look at me I
got a freakin nice shirt nice tie a nice
dress pants dress shoes everything she's
doing up the church in this did you
jagged ginger okay but this is why this
is why I will explain why because i was
doing avenues hair and it was 20 after
night i was still in my pjs everyone
else was ready i was just doing a
havanese hair and we were just watch his
show and I was just like oh whatever and
I didn't think it took me 25 minutes to
do her hair my mom comes upstairs she's
like is tented tenor you're not going
and I was like uh yeah we are and then
so my mom helped me out she changed Levi
because leave i had a stinky pee oh so
she helped me out with that i went got
dressed i just threw on whatever I could
find that is why I do not have time to
get dressed up I did not attend to find
skirts and nylons and all that I did no
time so I just threw on my jeans and a
shirt and then I grabbed my jacket going
out the door so I'm sorry honey yeah
you're lucky College ice fishing yes we
almost didn't make it so is everything
we made it so now the kids know that
easter is about Jesus and what he did
for us right now not about eggs and
bunnies yeah Bonnie's heaven Jesus
yeah hailey soon usually a church family
will be dressed all nice and I yeah some
dress yeah it was obviously a run angle
no I'm just like a bum and then this
time I've dressed all nice and they'll
come up not dressed like bums boom yeah
they're just like sloppy no just to go
guys we're gonna dress Avenue is dressed
nice like me yeah I'm here the only
wasn't just nice anyways so now after
church service Nick feels like to want
to eat the kiss check Donald's and I was
like yeah I do so we're going to
mcdonough mcdonough hey we're supposed
to leave at one o'clock for the two-hour
drive to my aunt's house and it's now 20
after I just finished doing my dip that
everyone requested and i just made like
the little bunny cookies that I was like
oh where is Nick been this whole time
like the kids are just sitting watching
your movie and I go outside and I'm like
I'm like Nick like we have to leave in
like five minutes like where are you he
goes he got he was outside and he's like
gardening he started of fires not he
stinks like smoke like you can't come in
put on your clean clothes and go out
smelling like smoke like that I'm like
you're gonna have to go have a shower
now so now he's in the shower and he's
gonna make us so late why would you when
we had like 20 minutes to begin with
when we got back from mcdonalds why
would you think that it was okay to go
out there and muck with your greenhouse
and gardening and do a fire what is that
a little bit frustrated at you right now
Nicholas hey our crazy family it's gonna
attempt to say hey
sorry happy Anniversary happy
Anniversary mystery for us you're
fulfilling happy anniversary
happy anniversary oh yeah you always
remember a happy anniversary oh ha
response already always needed time
happy Anniversary happy Anniversary
happy Anniversary happy Anniversary
cursory reading
hey ready
bursting at the table enjoying our
awesome KitKat cake that my mom made and
you guys sitting with Daddy and just all
the sudden drinking out of all of them
no yeah we're over 190 oh yeah for sure
he was doing so good so figure if I get
your camera Nazis are you gonna try
again buddy okay don't try again yeah
let's see no let him know that you do it
right you do it over here buddy so
here's the cake happy and already done
words oh I want that me and for you
flower cake I go on the other team you
mean yummy yummy hey guys what's up so I
drove there is some time so every time
but probably I say fifty percent of time
we switch back and forth great
more than fifty percent of the time no
way often we switch back and forth so
it's a long drive it's like two hours so
i'll drive there and then she'll drive
back as i did she falls asleep when we
drive so i just fall asleep driving
which is always bad yeah now we're on
our way home and we had a really good
time with Vickie's family and tomorrow
is my family because yeah we switch back
and forth like that scene be fine look
what I get to drive home ends okay hey
at least it's not dark out yet yeah
it's still dark with give better vision
amido
Lauri Vicki can't drive at night very
well put your drink
