so a mouth I just want me he found a
punching hat I said he came up with it
all on his own check out how Levi's
watching frozen did you fly them in the
bucket you climbed in the nollie bucket
my are you watching frozen let it go I'm
sold off Oh roar walk hey snowman
suicide come outside because it's so
nice out but unfortunately the ground is
really muddy and like these kids like
the little ones especially are falling
all over in the mud they are getting
like soakers in the mud and it's not
good like I have to launder their
clothes or something so yeah not a good
idea and I thought maybe excited cuz
they can go on the trampoline today and
then they were on it for like three
seconds and then they're like I'm done
so hopefully we'll get more used in the
summertime what's up buddy what your
maintenance coming off that's okay it's
not that cold you don't need them go
when summertime comes you can go fishing
yeah Brielle use your big girl voice
please no whining um and back in here
just keeps plopping down in the mud on
his bum and he's covered in mud covered
in it it wasn't such a good idea Avenue
just got home from school she goes mom
and sweating she's like rips off all her
stuff throws it out the door nice out a
guy's he went on the hammock hey you
guys both have straight sign this is the
kind of weather I like when it's nice
and sunny like this but you can leave
the door windows open and you don't have
to worry about any bugs or bees coming
in your house
not yet cuz in the summertime I'm like
these are open no I don't want me to
come in the house now I just thought
I'll paranoid yay don't squish Levi yeah
here like clear on his arm bushing there
you go for you in hey hey hammock time
but we can't go away no no I love army
my beautiful I'll be for this is how
they spend their summers they like to
come out on the deck and go in the
hammock they asked all the time see the
vine it is you're cute hey guys I
haven't seen you all day so yeah hey you
making faces at me go get your jammies I
and get ready for bed okay so Vicki and
I are gonna go the movies I'm so say
because we never get to go out so look I
got got nerves and tootsie rolls we put
the nerves in the baggie because if you
have the box nurses like should be
really irritating for people so we put
it in a baggie so people don't get
irritated you're nice people like that
oh yeah RESCUE BOTS to rescue anyways
we're gonna go see the second divergent
I cannot wait to see it so Vicki not
even ready to go yet but I'm ready dr.
dan got my new up at all hey guys so we
got back from the movies and it was
really good I really enjoyed it Nick
said he wished there was more like a
cliffhanger ending but I'm pretty sure
there's more in the series so I'm
looking forward to the next one at least
it was so good the movie popcorn oh
isn't movie popcorn like the best you
just can't like get the same taste at
home it just doesn't work that way but
it was really really good i really
enjoyed it and then Nick and always got
like this big like coke between us to
share and then like you have to go pee
in the movie if you chick so much that
happen to you guys is so frustrating we
both like had to go but we look up with
each other like I don't wanna leave I
don't want to go
you want to miss anything likes it's
like action packed movie so like I told
necrosis unas and I'm he's over and I
stand up it's just gonna like feel like
I just like me to like run for that so
doesn't happen for but yeah I was a good
night I'm really glad that we got to go
out and watch a nice movie together and
that's it for now I guess so i think i'm
just gonna go you ready for bed now and
be ready for another fun filled day
tomorrow oh so we'll see you then bye
