hey guys it's our one take Sunday video
and I have company I have my good friend
avi down and she brought her dog and the
kids are loving and having the dog
around so call in the wiener dog calling
come here see what to see you you want
to see you here he is so the kids are
playing with him I'm you're just a boy
lie down oh good he seems to be worn out
already from the kids thing with the
doggie kids really want a dog this is
not helping why do you want to try you
want to play tug-of-war with Colin oh he
won't get to be back I don't know if he
wants to play yeah he's just exploring
and according you up to an hour Sunday
hear your thousand watts including mine
for my channel okay good yeah there's
something else I did you see it by
camera where it is now huh hey I was
doing my best time yeah i'm just
relaxing what do you think of nick's new
shirt you like it oh yeah you go pick it
up yeah yeah yeah yeah you did look at
your socks get the Chinese are like my
ballerina socks you're wearing your
shoes yeah so I have these new jeans
this new shirt yep sweet yeah very much
gonna listen yeah this is my friend Abby
we've been friends for
senior long time since we wearing great
Stefon great six seven or seven eight
sure success 767 mmm yeah baby yes and
now i'm in was 30 so we we've been
friends for probably quick to say I'm
not 30 honey now turn 29 to yes come out
of the name and the kids are gonna have
fun visiting with fall in hey Collins
gonna sleep for a few weeks afterwards
yeah wait Oh give me kisses Oh Malachi
did you idiot year oh that's nice you
want more kisses where kisses call it
what gives this if you just lie on the
ground till kiss you I think the Vice
suckering very kiss sit down on your
mama did you get yes you have to turn
your bones dear Levi John Adair nook
kisses are you giving kisses ready go
kisses
no how do you want it and so yeah that's
it for it takes monday we're gonna
continue playing on the dog and have fun
face the kids or my friend and it's
gonna have fun editing so why you
tomorrow powerful vlog buy some pie I
never not end these things
