my mom's home today and it's a good
thing because I did send have any off to
school today and it's now two o'clock so
she still has like an hour and a half
left of school she called and such as
pounding headache so i'm going to get
her I don't know what's going on because
she's behind pounding headache since
Saturday so I don't know what to do but
she lasted most of the day said I come
get her get my mom's car hey guys how's
it going so I didn't go to work at a cos
i think i have a cold again i have a
headache sciency headache i'm so tired
as finished having a nap Laura Klock
mostly from like 3 to 4 30 so I haven't
done any klase either but yeah I got all
the suits for josh's wedding picked up
so that was pretty fun I guess here's
the kids what don't say josh's wedding
oh don't see josh's wedding ring bearer
yeah call the ringmaster and Avan ease
the flower girl yay anyway so they're
cleaning up the living room cuz mommy's
not feeling very well anyway so we're
making macaroni and cheese for dinner
snake something separate leave it easy I
has made it a delicious fresh pot of
green tea and my cast iron teapot hmm
it's gonna be super good can't wait to
drink so as to our yeah yeah you want to
shoot it's over there so yeah what are
you guys doing today so guys you know
how we had my vice theme for his
birthday party was the dinosaurs
dinosaur theme well I had spent time
like maybe an hour before the party was
to start making dinosaur shaped cookies
because Levi loves chocolate chip
cookies i thought i bought this like
almost like a play-doh cutout of a
dinosaur this is it oh yeah thank you
better this is called cookie cutter um
prank Obree sure that's that's what it
is prego brain exactly what it is it
gets blamed for everything anyways so
they didn't work out they were like
these big mushy like didn't look like
die as her at all so then I took the
cooked cookie
and put the cutter on the beach in the
cooked cookie and and then they worked
out perfect guys look at my dinosaur
cookies what you got a loony so do my
drives are cookies guys they turned out
so good right like they look just like a
little dinosaur well I went through all
of that and I totally forgot to put them
out with the food I left them in the
container in my bedroom and I totally
front we did the switch from the
gender-reveal to the dinosaur party to
bring them out so no one even got to see
you my dinosaur cookies so any comments
on them would be appreciated Oh My giddy
by walking with Daddy he didn't go in
the stroller you decided to be a big boy
and just walk no stroller guys I got the
crazies the audacity I got five pairs of
dress pants for a hundred bucks tell me
that's not a great deal that's good deal
tonight vanced you yeah we're hiding in
the bus station haha see if Levi sees s
sleeve ICS does he see us I think he
does so Vicky's like we go to store get
some milk so we got some milk oh and now
look at Venus be walking out with it
doesn't like ice cream and look guys I
have my favorite cookie dough with
brownie chunks and always so good and
Nick goes to Eagle there's a lot of our
freezer I'm like it's okay rogova
freezer yeah that's gonna go in her
belly so yeah she's like let's go get
some milk aka junk from my belly kids
are using their quarters and they're
buying some treats I don't wait you
bought you those gumballs okay let me
zoom okay would you get well those are
big can you chew those you got strong
teeth hi
don't you what do you got so far these
things here are more than 20 playset ya
feel like I bottom only a good nap I
don't think they knew what did you get
so first you got the shoes didn't you
yeah you like those to get Morgan's
would be good you might go yeah those
are more than hey guys how's it going so
I just was editing the vlog I realize we
had no like ending to the vlog after we
got home everybody was just like toes
who's got our jammies on everybody
started going to bed so I just want to
say thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe and like and leave some
comments below because we want to get to
know you guys better and the best way
for us to do that is by reading through
your comments saying what you think
what's going on into your life so don't
forget leave those commerce both so we
get to know you see you guys tomorrow
