hey guys what's up so we're gonna do
another Sunday afternoon quickie we are
look going through millions of piles of
with girls clothing hey guys the girls
are having the best time Abby's like I
want to get it clothing out of my luck
doing right now yeah cookie quickie
quickie I did not cookie sorry look at
all these clothes man she's looking how
cute they are so like havanese little
close there's a little shoes the tiny
little baby girl shoes goodness because
if you miss yesterday's vlog you missed
finding out they were having a girl yes
brick sex so many memories of avenues so
little like I remember when she wore
these outfits and stuff it's the best
nike can put it all over again you guys
could go over to Vicky's channel and
watch our reveal party and see Vicki's
reaction when she finds out as a girl
she's like jumping up and down screaming
and going nuts yeah thank you if you
were feeling better yeah abney had a
fever so she was coming out of it but
you're excited now right Avenue thank
you mm-hmm Lock are you excited to have
a sister yeah another sister it's gonna
be funny yes whoa don't kick the
car let go let go anyways I have to go
to worship team again tonight vicki has
the night off she didn't killing out
relaxes malachi maokai you're gonna get
in trouble dude yes you're all the
clothes all over the place anyways
thanks for watching guys stores or short
block the steeper tuned for Jamal for
some more longer blogs have a great
night yeah kiss it back school that
Marsh breaks over if I have a fever at
night time again I can't you don't have
to go you kind of want you kind of one
out of you yeah I do every cutie anyways
we'll see you guys tomorrow have a great
night thanks for watching don't forget
to comment and subscribe
