so we're going to try with this mine
again the smoked foolish foolish move
yeah the people across the street from
us just dumped a big bin right in front
of our house in front of all of our
garbage and recycling and the garbage
truck is on the way do you think they
can get by no-bake giant been blocking
our garbage and recycling big trucks
blocking both sides of the road and the
garbage truck is coming down the street
get the been out of the way you think
they heard me Levi just bonked heads
with their little boy that i watch and
now he's got a big red mark on his head
I know did it hurt yeah Levi's gonna
have his little sleep where we gonna
watch you and watch let it go I'm gonna
have a sleep yeah we got let it let it
go again coming on the TV and while he's
having to sleep and the other little boy
watches sleeping I might have a sleep
two guys why do I actually good nap
today yay I'm so excited so guys I just
had a really good sleep on the couch and
look we're leave I decided to have his
nap today and then I such here they say
cozy on the couch I guess he that was
more comfortable on the floor then
cuddling with mommy again it is so nice
outside so we're actually as I get some
fresh air I'm just trying to get the
rest of snow off the deck and it's not
easy being pregnant and shoveling but
it's actually not that heavy it's just
not fun so got all this snow left all
his dad or I did one guy there 10 side
there and this is all cleared already
from the side it's like melted it and
the boys are just playing hockey we
already lost the ball under the deck
already right Malachi yep
oh yeah he was trying to help me shovel
healthy me Oh push that's hard work
isn't it okay thank you Oh Malachi's
trying to shovel too slippery over here
isn't it oh you're so strong ebony just
asked me if she could go on the
trampoline really look at it and it's
gonna be wet but it's gonna be so no ok
so the deck is all cleared off today
more room to play hockey and stuff so
I'll hear it off and look at the big
pile we left for daddy by the walkway no
I m√°laga is gonna help but I can't
because it's way too hard for me at the
grocery store getting our ingredients to
make the gumbo that the funnier at sent
does I don't think that's one of the
ingredients huh
see
what is it sugar sugar theme yeah that's
sound like a weapon you have other ideas
don't you have AB nice it is it a sword
yeah you're on a game try it if you want
to come what what do you think it is
what do you think it is oh we might as
well pick up some other stuff while
we're here we got our list so we need to
get one yellow onion and green onions in
this section of the grocery store and
it's going to be over here more Laine
you should try these things for your
next vlog I'm is it all with mango seen
clamshell because he keeps trying all
kinds of different tropical fruits and
stuff ah I want to know how this tastes
but I want you to try first it was
really funny because nick and i had to
look up what a scallion was we had no
idea but you guys in the States called
green onions scallions and we didn't
know that so we're going to get some
green onion Canadian style that's right
like all this sausage here it still is a
smoke but if there's a soulish Carla's
accelerators Yelich not fated each other
words we don't know what to get my
smoked sausage sausage
what are you kids up to lobsters are
fighting we're all that one I'm that
what are you going to tell them the cute
ones we're fighting Oh Kimmy kiddo oh no
I see that yeah they are they are
fighting each other you're right you
sank it out of my space oh yeah look at
him go that one didn't care they're both
pushing each other see get along you see
it fighting in their mouth young luck
see the big one oh ok they're getting
mob their bank they are big they're
gonna try with this one again the smoked
foolish foolish move yeah
wait right okay there's your skin on Oh
she's more like sausage
yeah KU + as well Italian furnace is
also a piece against basement on these
ones here or capacity okay yeah they
either aren't capacity just
and one of those are the one you tried
already no we didn't try the village
stoppage okay if you don't mind wanna
try it there's one cheese exactly do you
care if you're on camera okay this guy
here is helping us out with our sausage
she's letting us try it to see what
flavor works for our gumbo so thank you
you want to try he wants to try
Oh nope secrete I mind you're funny
thanks it'll work but it won't taste the
same I know and we're not gonna get
we're not going to get that authentic
Louisiana taste Louisiana taste the
block edit that just get back
well we do a vlog yeah so we're doing a
collaboration from the stage where we
said dinner recipe for Canada and they
sent us one so their providers
home again fine speaking he gave us a
hard one at the village sausage my
tracks the LT is like the bossa
as I'm I guess there's no difference all
the same thing just to do ceased to be
very close yeah they'll be similar I
don't usually like these vegetable
crackers
yeah I'll be just the other flavor of
the law school in this kind of overall
ok so we decided to go with the village
sausage there's actually something is
not village sausage is called Sikorski I
don't know when ski I don't know that
music for ski village sausage there you
go that's what we picked it was so hard
to pictures like a thousand sausages
yeah tastes the same so casually that
one tasted least like kubaska to me so I
figured that was cleared and they said
don't get cabassa yeah I mean while
they're laughing there but you don't
know how to fix sauces like those
Canadians there Nino smoked meat yeah so
I'm sitting there watching a show on
YouTube and all here's Vicki screaming
because cuz Nicholas has still not
changed the faucet that has been broken
in temporary solution was to put a
plastic bag on the top of it which was
working completely fine yeah three days
ago no why don't we get water all over
the floor all up and down the cabinets
and you gotta get the feeling and up on
the ceiling exploded I don't understand
does that happen I got me I'm soaked how
did it explode though because I guess
the bank it was the water was shooting
up maybe it opened up more let's see
would you like to see how much it's
leaking a man so way more than it was
leaking before we only had one little
spot now maybe somebody should replace
the filters edges using it all day
