happy birthday Levi are you Joe
spider-man as a balloon for you look at
this big balloon inside the balloon nope
whoa do you like is that present for you
the present oh whoa you want to open
your present no look this is a crisp
this is a present for you hey don't say
I from you guys such a picture whoa a
plane you want to open okay I'll open it
for you but what else do you have what
else do you have oh look in the bag is
it spider-man fork and spoon yeah Oh big
boy fork and spoon I open its open
everything okay you can open the place
Oh your water bottle so who's on who's
on the water bottle
oh they let go there you go cool playing
man give it him open it now okay yeah
well careful to break it it's not last
oh cool playing man yeah well that's
just come off it's the wheels yeah I
scream it spare listen I can pick that
for all my oh ok what else did you get
see epidemic rah oh yes better man
playing on Big Boy plate hmm oh man what
else is in there for him airplane ball
oh I can heat up the inner and that's
down yeah hmm Olaf and Sven hola she's
like he's turning it around
yeah is that cool you know water bottle
yeah LOL so much baby movies like I
understand turn on here what kind of
bottle is this does he have on an Elsa
oh yeah that's cool yay happy birthday
Levi back to the balloon
