now you're probably wondering what the
heck do you have that coming in the mail
for well we're doing a collaboration
with the funny rides
hey guys so I'm summer lunch break and
I'm going to the Vaughan Mills Mall
because I want to see if I can find a
suit for a really good deal and they
have a place called international
clothing or clothing but I got a suit
from there already for Josh's wedding
and it was only 150 bucks so I'm hoping
to score something like that again okay
like what all these two tabs these
little loops right here makes the whole
suit look bad it's kind of a bummer
because all the sisters and them all so
far all have those stupid little loose
never seen any super before I've never
seen her before
so my name is crazy mouth I just got
home and seriously he's been home ten
minutes and him and Levi are already
fighting anyways so now I'm putting on a
show for them hopefully it will calm
them down so I can see it the big giant
that's from today I can see my floor
isn't looked like this all weekend and
then today it gets destroyed destroy
Monday love those Monday's hey guys oh I
call my brother Josh to find out about
this sue thing because he's I don't know
the closest guy you know and he said all
the suits have that but first he said no
I've never heard of that as weird and
he's like oh we check my suits and turns
out they all have that so I guess it's a
normal thing but I ended up not getting
anything today but I might go back
tomorrow to some other places locally
and see if I can find some suits that
will fit so we'll see how that goes
hey guys what's up so I got home today
and there is a package waiting for me
and I know what it is I think but you
guys don't let me see what we got here
it is so V's old-fashioned route if
that's how you pronounce it probably not
but oh look there's a picture of a nice
little lien there now your fire warning
what the heck do you have that coming in
the mail for well we're doing a
collaboration with the funny rods and
you haven't heard of them before I'm
gonna have a link to their channel below
so you can go and check it out they're
really cool daily vlogging family and
they sent us a recipe so what they
sentence was for chicken sausage gumbo
so I'm really excited to try it because
it's like an authentic gumbo recipe and
they sent us a nice little no this it I
hope you guys like the gumbo if you have
any questions don't hesitate to ask
I can't wait to see what recipe you guys
are sending us so we sent the funny
rides a recipe that we like to do as a
family and they're gonna try and make it
on their channels so if you want to see
what recipe we sent them you're gonna
have to go over to their Channel and
check it out because we sent them a
package too and they probably got it
sometime this week as well now remember
if you go over to the funny rush channel
leave in the comments that the Canadian
family vlog sent you so they can kind of
know who we sent over cuz I think it'd
be fun to kind of see so if you ever
check them out yeah go check them up
because they do awesome family vlogs and
it's fun to watch and plus they send
make awesome recipes like this chicken
sausage gumbo so we're gonna definitely
be trying this out this week so stay
tuned to see how it goes this is the
potato in chickens do that we had weeks
back that I froze the leftovers and now
I'm just reheating it on the stove and I
made some fresh tea biscuits and it
tastes exactly the same it's the first
time I ate it yeah really good better it
better excuse me his gravy to supper
mister I am there buddy yeah you've got
supper waiting for him yeah I just had a
day of kids crawling all over me and
whining in my face all day what are you
doing with that
there it is downstairs
grandpa for a little bit okay so I just
finished work and I'm at Walmart and I'm
gonna get some birthday presents
Levi I have my cookie dough and summer
eats when they come a giant cookie
tomorrow for his birthday and he's gonna
love it so I got some shopping to do I
was hoping to find like a water bottle
like the Carwin that mouth my house that
Levi loves so much but I did find this
one
oh it's then an Olaf just has a
different spout it has a straw spout
instead of one like this just what I
wanted but that's okay I think I'll like
it
he loves Olaf that's for sure I think
I'll get him this and he can have his
old water bottle and I also gotten this
two guys his own cutlery she sets a big
boy now and b2 in his own plate which is
broken
Wow can I go get another one glad I was
recording for you guys guy didn't even
notice that and spent one more aisle
over and look at the selection now much
better place is I think I'll pick
something out of here look at these cute
monkey plates way better than Ninja
Turtles bug eyes and 10:03 the Walmart
closing announcement happened Jess I was
going out the door so I got all my
purchases like just in time but I was
one of those annoying customers in the
lineup with a big leg cartful at 10 -
look what I had - I didn't have a choice
had to go straight from work and I had
to get supper Levi's and then I have
your groceries now I'm gonna go to
different grocery store it's open till
11:00 which is awesome um you just get
some things for lunches and they have
the best apples oh my goodness more
Nazaire is that the video are done
before where they have the most amazing
produce oh I'm going there to get all my
money my produce I didn't get here my
meat oh man I go do that now can you
guys see what's in the car behind me I
know if you can cuz it's so dark can you
go see you way back there in the truck
whenever I open the door there you guys
see that it's a big huge spider-man
balloon I'm gonna put it on his chair in
the morning and hopefully you know he'll
be happy and surprised little buns are a
little the cookies that I wanted
any plane trips away completely oh he's
sad I would have price-match them at
Walmart but I figured I'm coming here
anyway so I'll just get them there so
the one thing I hate about go shopping
at night right now it's almost 11
o'clock at night not in the morning I
think and now I'm gonna probably bursary
the way this week dang it be excited
about this gumbo excited about this
right now the gumbo is to be honest
thank you for skiing in movies it's not
really but haven't you ever seen gumbo
like in movies all time - everyone's
like oh man a gumbo it is delicious
believe or not no no you know my memory
of gumbo what I think of right away is a
Star Trek Deep Space nine Episode when
the captain is making gumbo mmm
yeah he's back in his hometown of New
Orleans with his dad on earth and I mean
come on the other
that's my freshest memory of gumbo what
I think you go boy that's wide enough my
nerd does that make me a nerd
