hey guys what's up so I am so tired
today because Vicki got to nap all
afternoon is not longer and today's been
such a busy day I had worship practice
this morning then church worship team
then right after that we had jam session
the winter about three o'clock then we
came home Vicki fell asleep well it came
back and got us after lunch then we went
for the jam session the kids just hung
out in like one of the playrooms and
played and then nick and i were there
for like the three hours that was it was
exhausting it was very exhausting I got
home from that Jam Jam practice and I
sat down on the couch and I fell asleep
like instantly I was so tired and then I
get up and I fix my makeup and him all
ready for church and I 92like do supper
and stuff and avni goes I don't feel
good I can't go well you felt you got
all ready cuz you had to go because
Avenue was gonna be she was originally
gonna be our worship team science
singing but she's too tired out from the
long day great Avenue too pooped so she
doesn't want to do it now and I don't
blame her how would I want to do it
either Rose I tired no sudden that's why
so you probably wouldn't have gone
anyways if it wasn't for that right no I
might have really missed the morning oh
it's ready mr. Marie Bach I just playing
a little super mario kart oh you want to
play one on TV with Logan's a new games
is that mouth i can play his game on
there but avenue can still watch a show
on the TV yeah because the wii u comes
with the tablet so you can play it on
the tablet it's pretty cool well yeah so
we're just gonna do a sunday afternoon
quickie oh one day one day Vicki doesn't
like the Sun everything cookie because I
want cookie oh he wants a cookie please
oh you guys say cook you a basic cookie
sorry anyways we'll we'll see you guys
tomorrow and have a great night have a
great monday and we'll see Tuesday
