we can because it's just the two of us
and no one needs to know hey guys good
morning it's friday friday the end of
the week and i'm a horrible e press and
so glad at the end of the week and I'm
so glad that we all feel awesome and
great it was so nice yesterday able to
get out again and today I'm going to go
out again I'll have any daycare kids
today I didn't cancel it because I just
didn't have any Levi and I have a day to
ourselves I said both the two older ones
off to school today since they were
feeling fine leave and I are gonna go to
the library because there's a couple
books i have on hold there that I want
and I'm gonna look for a movie to watch
with the kids or family movie night so
hopefully we can find something we're
having a really hard time finding like
age-appropriate movies that they'll both
like and not be bored with like ramen
are really hard times my shirt Avenue
she thinks she's a lot more grown-up
than she is so if we're trying to like
green what she is taking in kind of
thing I don't know it's crazy so now
we're go to the library we have to go
and take malachi snow pants they're at
the door if you can see them right there
at the door left behind i forgot to put
them in his backpack so now we got to go
drop them off before his morning recess
because he's gonna need them it's
freezing outside again I think it might
be an indoor recess even and that were
in with library I'm gonna see if there's
like a children's program or something
there today because I'm Levi hasn't had
any social interaction all week with
like the daycare kids or anything so I
thought it would be nice if you had
interactions of little kids so when we
go there I'm gonna see if there's
something going on so we better go
because almost ten-thirty so here's had
such a great time at the little musical
program they had for like all these kids
is some like birth to three years old so
it was perfect for Levi and he had such
so much fun with all the other kids and
we play like parachute and sang songs
like he knew and stuff and did actions
and have musical instruments and there's
a lot of fun did you like it Levi to do
what is that about
um he was having fun he's a little bit
grouchy now cuz it's eleven-thirty so he
needs his lunch and I think he used to
have a nap today because he was up a
little bit throughout the night so he's
probably really tired are you tired are
you tired yeah he's he's tired guys but
I am actually gonna go through the
McDonald's drive-thru right now because
I don't know what to eat at home and I
don't want if you leave I so we're gonna
go and treat ourselves to some lunch
because we can because it's just the two
of us and no one needs to know hey guys
you ever have one of those lunch breaks
where you just eat lunch and then fall
asleep in the car that's what happened
to me today that was so tired and then
it's almost worse because when your
alarm goes off to let you know you need
to be back at work you were so stinking
tired going back into work it's so hard
to get back on track and focused on to
your work so yeah that's what happened
to me okay Levi this is our little
secret okay this are you a secret don't
tell your brother and sister we had
mcdonalds for life okay we're making up
for it with some strawberries though
we've got some yummy strawberries too
right yeah see you like this job Barry
no we don't want this drivers I don't
think you must be on camera very much
today he shaking his head a lot at the
camera so this might be a all me vlog
sorry I don't look so good sometimes I
just don't care I don't really have
anywhere to go which I just thought
shirks I did go somewhere and I saw a
lots of people but whatever and then you
guys see me every day whatever i'm
learning not to care as much okay i'm
gonna go eat my secret lunch that nobody
knows about and i will hide the evidence
later hey guys so it's tax time again
and i'm gonna get some turbo tax how do
you guys do your taxes do you buy a
program like this do you go to an
accountant or you just download the form
online and fill it out and mail it in
yourself my friend is at so they save
lots of money I guess just by filling
out the form itself but I find TurboTax
to be really get to it's super easy and
they keep everything organized you just
print it out when you're done is nice
and electronic I like it better bad news
guys there's no remember for me oh I
think I got room right here aussie we
all fit
no I didn't know five people to get on
this coach well soon to be 60 wearing it
it was a baby when the baby's born in
the car laughing up I don't know I don't
wash it oh well good night guys hoga
sleep hey tiny get the movie started I
am being paged go and sit down and watch
the day but the ones to give me cookies
in if I can watch the movie no one's
getting cookies because they're not made
yet you want to make the cookies now hey
guys guess what I actually picked a good
movie I got uh this one right here the
million doughnut that sorry million
dollar arm and it's about those two kids
from India that are scouted or whatever
I it's really good and yeah both Nick
and I really enjoyed it so if you're
looking for a good movie I don't even
say it's a good family movie it was
totally clean like no swearing nothing
um it's rated PG with a little g2 also
it's for my language and some suggestive
content but it really wasn't bad all so
I would say like if you have like a 10
to like 10 and up they would love this
movie to its and really good sports
movie anyways uh we enjoyed it we had a
good night I am so stuffed and so
bloated from the popcorn that I ate I
don't know why I was did that but now I
look even more pregnant anyway so I'm
heading off to bed I'm actually just
gonna ignore my messy kitchen and go to
bed because i'm home tomorrow and i can
clean it then so good night we'll see
you tomorrow
