he's sick guy I saw rehab all night kids
are watching it the Disney vlogs
sometimes I go back and watch those
vlogs of the kids and it was just like
the best ever
but it's so cool because they never to
watch like a Disney movie and you see
like the castle at the beginning with
like the fireworks and stuff it's so
neat to be like we were there we saw
those fireworks we saw that castle
so just such a neat experience and I'm
so glad that we were able to do that
with the kids and get to experience that
with them
this little one might have to wait for a
while until it gets to go to Florida hey
guys here I'm at the coaster again on my
lunch break just getting some meats they
have his hands on sale Vickie made me
one of those last couple weeks course I
made that and it was really good so I
bought another one and hopefully that
she'll just make it for me because she
said it takes like nothing all you just
put it on a frying pan or something like
that or putting the oven in a pan and
it's already cooks he was heating it up
and it was delicious so yeah again
grocery shopping so it's coming
groceries and I was wondering do you
guys have any like routine things that
you do on your lunch break like I feel
like I go to the grocery store all the
time just picking up little things here
and there throughout the week that's
right what do you guys normally do any
lunch or do you just eat your lunch do
you go for walks what do you do I'm
gonna try and get back into my hiking
routine this week probably tomorrow so
yeah basically that's all I do on my
lunch break oh okay groceries maybe
they'll fry so just sitting here making
up my grocery list and I'm looking at
the superstore flyer when I see these
you're oh em gee chocolate candies and I
watch that show Dragon's Den it's like a
Canadian entrepreneurship show where
like they're looking for like
Buster's Canadian yeah they're looking
for investors to get the money to help
their business grow and these guys that
did the OMG candies were on it and now I
see it in the superstar flier so that
means they're pretty successful that's
pretty cool because I watched I think it
was last season so that means like
within a year they were able to do that
so that's pretty cool as exciting when
you see stuff like that that you
recognize a friend of mine just went
through the pre-screening interview for
Dragon's Den for something her and her
husband have started up so yeah the
interesting you see that goes to I just
want to come up with my own million
dollar idea you know just an idea that
makes life easier that people are like
oh why didn't I think of that you know I
have those moments all the time why
didn't I think of that give me a million
bucks why didn't I think of that but
nothing's come to me so far guys you
ever put something in the fridge at work
and then when you go to leave to go home
you realize crap I forgot all those
things I put in the fridge it hat works
they just got all that stuff for my
lunch break and then I forgot it all in
the fridge it sucks so now I can't have
any of that stuff that I got I was gonna
eat it for breakfast tomorrow too which
is a bummer hey guys you know how neck
is always saying that you know in Canada
you can barbecue in any season even when
it's a snowstorm you can barbecue well
it's funny because I actually see it
advertising one of the Flyers that's
like just in Canada every season is
grilling season whether you brave the
cold or break out the indoor grill it's
time to heat up your winter meals okay
that's true Canadian story I think
Avenue Avenue Avenue Avenue where are
you your best should be here by now you
can go down you gotta go down yep hey
guys so I had to work tonight and Nick
when I was leaving for work he said he
wasn't feeling very good
I said well just go lie down because he
said his stomach was bothering him and I
was like I got most of the dishes done
but I mean we still it's up for dishes
out so I thought I'd come home to find
it so I'm what cleaned at least the
dishes and then like look at it so like
on the kitchen table and like also the
kids put on the camera
here's my taco meat and cheese I did
those dishes but yeah like look like
yeah it's a mess right and then I walked
into the liver introspecting Oh at least
the toys will be tidied up when I get
home from work
no not tidy at all so then I'm like
where is Nicolas so I go in the bedroom
he's not in there
I go see if he's in the kids beds he's
not in there John nowhere I find him in
the bathroom on the floor he's sick guy
I saw him all night in diarrhea boy that
me so that throats good throw up in the
other one that covers it I said stay
away from me and the kids cuz I do not
want that and that was one thing the
kids don't need either I was just doing
better too because I wasn't coffee all
day
mm-hmm Franco all that diarrhea and the
next you're not throwing up yeah he's
pretty white to burn you say he's been
on the bathroom floor all night yeah
he's still visit club all night so that
is why my kitchen the living room are
not cleaned so I forget that writing in
the bed I forgive him oh yeah yeah and I
kept just thinking I was gonna call you
come home I'm so comfortable right do
you need a diaper yes a diaper winking
team what's coming oh okay well I'm
gonna go cuz I have a kitchen and living
room to clean and this vlog will be out
late
I apologize alright yeah it's always not
gonna be edited tonight and uploaded so
yeah that's the wait sorry guys
