good morning guys so today is Saturday
and I'm kind of regretting going out
yesterday because now my house is a
pigsty because normally on the Friday
when I don't have to take your kids is
when I clean my house and I do my
laundry and I didn't get any of that
done I've also haven't been very
motivated lately I've been very sluggish
but I know that's pregnancy-related so
I've been trying to get going today but
I had a little nap this morning cuz I
like he's looking up jumping on me like
Levi Amell cover jumping on my head
literally I like seven this morning and
I think I managed to get up at like
quarter to eight then I fell back to
sleep around nine thirty and for like
another half an hour so then I started
getting my laundry and now I'm starting
to clean the kitchen and then I was like
oh it's almost lunchtime and I had to
get lunch ready for the kids and the
kids and I have a birthday ready to go
to um but as you'll see in the vlog that
Nick's not here cuz he is helping his
brother move so he is leaving me on my
own with the three kids to take to a
birthday party so should be fun I'll
definitely vlog some of the party too
because it's for Brielle's allah brother
Beckett who i watch for daycare so it'll
be nice to see him in his first birthday
party yes buddy I'm a step for ID lunch
yeah does it look like it is yeah yeah
you hungry so I just put some lunch oh
we are gonna have chicken nuggets and
fries and corn today we're all gonna sit
together at the table right what apple
sauce / step one AXA stuff some
applesauce I know the floor is messy but
there should be apple sauce on the floor
oh I think it's a squish pair from
Levi's fruit cup this morning and a
fannie and i are still in our jammies
cuz we're not motivated Howdy's in
playing dollies all day you got your
baby to eat lunch with you yes nice
we're gonna got to be a good oh no no if
you can't you we are finally on our way
I it is so sunny outside it's actually
not that cold pretty nice and yeah we're
on our way we have a bit of a drive not
too far his 15 minutes down the road but
I thought it was at their house and it's
totally not such as I get directions to
take this hall or something nick has a
vm he's helping his brother move so
we're squished in my mom's cars all
three of them I am i smoosh the air okay
we've already got food
cookie yummy
over there
sit on the food here
hey
yummy food
hey
can you guess I gotta go show the
birthday boy she looks so cute and your
second birthday boy so DSM you know you
do you like what's going on Annie's
awesome just crawling around all over
the place like us the wall guys happy
birthday
like he does Maddie happy boy
I di love it
on you
well did you get a cupcake yami are you
having your cupcake to you eating the
cure is that chocolate whoa that was a
big bite do I think Malik I enjoyed his
head cake what do you think secure a
lipstick
they got bubbles in their loot bag and
leave my boy bubbles for the first time
guys look at this you want to do it k
here let me put it in for you here let
me put it in ok leave I can blow hello
put it closer to your mouth ready whoo
oh there's nothing there was try it
again did you it yeah did you get away
else he's starting to get the bubbles
out yeah good time good bubble-blowing
so it's almost nine thirty at night so
it's been gone the whole day because he
left at nine thirty this morning so it's
been a full 12 hours without my hubby
anyways I guess the movie took a lot
longer than they thought it would but
the kids and I had a great day we had so
much fun at becketts birthday priority
and and they came home and they had
dinner and had their baths and watch one
show and then we're like out so fast
because they're running around like
crazy at the party so I think they just
like got out all their energy and then
just just crashed all three of them so
it was great and so I spent the evening
watching reba while I sort my big mounds
of laundry I did manage to get the kids
laundry done today so now i'm just
working on my i think i have like three
to four loads always so much laundry to
do and it's gonna be even more when the
baby comes what was I thinking anyway so
I'm gonna go cuz it's bedtime and I'm
probably gonna go to sleep now because
I'm so tired all the time of course i'm
always tired during the day but then at
nighttime i get like this burst of
energy but then I don't want to clean I
just want to like relax I don't know
it's weird so anyways just go say
goodnight and we'll see you tomorrow
