hey guys so I'm just helping Josh move
and he already did a bunch of yesterday
but so we don't really have that much to
move just kind of this room a little bit
of his room but Josh found a limited
edition Ty Cobb baseball card you guys
can buy it off him if you want for a
million dollars that's how much he told
me it was worth and then I looked it up
online and some guys selling it for a
dollar josh Josh thought it was like
because there's all these other ty cobb
baseball cards are worth like a million
dollars and Josh assumed his was one of
them is said on a Google I googled it
Google never lies and I said is ty cobb
is the most sought after baseball cards
of all time everybody so everyone except
for this Ronnie this is where the fairly
is not josh just doesn't know how to
Google that's the problem so Google
don't worry there's nothing wrong with
you it's just user I'm learning use your
pc learning yeah he's got to get a
macbook so we can understand how to
really use the full potential of google
but yeah so there's not that much to
movie josh how much at all so yeah how
you feeling good really good this is
gonna be the first time ever not living
with mom and dad's yeah pretty excited i
just hope we can fit it all into the
tiny van we rented yeah okay I'm gonna
tell you later about my dad's van sorry
when he's here so you could hear his
side of it I don't want to just throw
them under the bus you got to hear both
sides of the story okay guys we have to
try and get this couch out of the
elevator my dad is our instructor I
guess a supervisor josh is the amateur
yep and i am the seasoned veteran so
we'll see how well this goes you know
we're drunk if we break this mirror cost
200 bucks ok so my dad was in charge of
renting the moving vehicle and look what
he picked a nice little van a fit the
couch of the mattress everything we
needed and safe i but my dad's notorious
for renting vehicles that are too small
when moving every and we moved probably
like five times when we were kids and
every time we always had a vehicle that
was just too small that we would have to
like unpacking reload or bring in
another moving vehicle halfway through
the move or something so we're at
Harveys my dad took us out and stringing
us all to a nice lunch thanks dad
and we're halfway done now josh has
informed us that the new place that
we're moving into or he's moving into I
guess we're not all move there is on the
third floor and there's no elevator so
we have to log everything up one in time
it's gonna be a lot like that friends
episode where they have the couch all
stuff like Vivat Vivat so yeah should be
interesting okay guys so we're checking
out Josh this new place and it looks
pretty good i'm not i'm pretty impressed
with josh's picking skills I like this
room look how bright it is in here and
check it out you could totally gross so
many plants out there because this is
east-facing lucky that's what I want I
need a window like this this is exactly
what I want in my house but we don't
have anything that faces east so we
don't get the good son but yeah Josh
does and I bet you he won't grow a
single planner looks good man I like it
Josh yes let's really get pretty excited
I'm pretty excited too sweetie this will
be my room yeah yeah you know yeah I
didn't don't like you tell Vicki yeah
but this is mine and Josh's place if
your brother ever asked you to help him
move make sure you say hey how many
places zero have to go up it's an
important question that you may forget
to ask I think I've gone up 20,000
stairs today I wish our worst at kappa
yeah that would have been cool to find
out today because gone up and down the
stairs so many times I were on my phone
do you really oh you should have engaged
it isn't these all the time is it really
so here's right now let's see many steps
you don't say 6950 50 men and i don't
even carry my phone happened today
that's a lot of steps okay so we're
trying to read what this is this Jeep is
a carbon monoxide detector do I still
have a step ladder so you guys to lift
me up okay ready go why would you try to
sit on me I've never even lifted before
entry okay bye I
okay try again I'm usually the person
lifting someone not the one being lifted
give it any closer to any higher I don't
know that what are we stand on one of
those chairs with the camera on it and
let the camera see it in the video I
don't have playback it's a go pro oh we
can take a picture or use that chair
sure that's a better let's just do the
chair like grown-ups Glen it is carbon
monoxide detector yay fifty bucks in the
pocket so I'm just at walmart with my
brother and tell me if this is normal
chicken legs may contain kidneys is that
normal for me to say that on the package
baked in kidneys i don't i don't think
so i don't know can't i'm not buying
that yeah definitely not buy that
chicken hey guys finally made a home and
i'm so sick and tired from moving and
stuff like that i'm going to go straight
to bed now and i'll see you tomorrow
