what a morning I had today I don't know
if any of you have kids that take a bus
and are frustrated with the whole
bossing system because that's me this
morning I am so frustrated I've got all
the daycare kids in the morning plus my
own kids and I've got to take abney to
the other side of the street to the bus
stop in minus 32 weather with blasting
wind with two babies like is that
honestly really fair when the bus drives
right by my house yeah that's right it
goes directly by my house and turns the
corner like it's at a different corner
so my house is on one corner and the bus
stop is on the other corner of the other
street and I'm just so frustrated by
this so I called and they said that they
would look into it but they said they
don't make exceptions for some parents
not others and like there's lots of bus
stops that go by people's houses and I'm
like okay but she's the only one at the
stop so really does it make sense no why
can't you just move it to the other
corner it's really not that big of a
deal and it would really help me out I
didn't play the pregnant card but i
think i'm going to call back again today
already left a message saying you need
to call me back cuz you said you would
you didn't anyways so this morning I was
like you know what I'm not gonna bundle
up all these kids and walk down to in
the street when it dries right by our
house so I thought Avenue we'll just
catch the bus at the driveway when we
see the bus coming you just run out and
we'll catch it so we did that and the
bus driver refused to take her she said
that um we she can't stop at an
unregistered stop that she has a
built-in GPS on her bus that they can
see if she stops elsewhere and there's
stop sign there too so really she's just
stopping her stop signs not that big of
a deal but she says that she could lose
her job and she's got feed her family
and she understands frustrating
but she can't do it and she refused to
take her to school even though she
stopped and talked to me she still
refused to put out any on the bus so I
was really upset this morning and Avenue
is at school because thankfully her aunt
was available to take her up because a
lot of the times my mom is around and
you know can watch the kids while I with
AB me up to the West stop but she's been
working a lot and she has been around so
I've had to do it and it's a lot it's
like a lot to ask me and I don't mind
doing the walk if it wasn't so freezing
cold out it's not fair to the kids when
there's the thing on the weather network
saying do not have your children outside
any longer than 10 minutes I'm sorry I'm
not gonna put all those kids in the cold
for like that so I don't know if you
guys heard the phone ring in that last
video ours is ranting and raving well it
was the school busing system calling and
they said that they reviewed my request
and that they are gonna put a stop right
outside of our house so I'm like praise
the Lord that is the best news ever
because I was like an emotional wreck
this morning about the whole situation
so I was like crying and everything but
that could be hormones too so that makes
me so happy and I'm so so glad about
that so gay but it's not effective until
Friday so I'm hoping that the weather's
good the next couple of days but oh well
Friday hey let's stop right outside our
house with who so today Vicki try making
burgers again with her grill press and
then it actually tastes a lot better
this time the last time so i don't know
maybe she had really bad hamburgers last
time because it tasted gross but these
machines a lot better so you did it
Vicki sauce on the next time send me
today or some sort of seasoning at least
just on the burger patty to give us some
flavor hey check out my Vicki got guys
you got this high tech room I'm so
excited about it because as you know
when you're prego it's hard to bend over
and check this out Levi wants to help
I don't have bend over do de do you
people anyone I want to dump it like I
just share button yeah there's a button
on the back right here yeah what that's
pretty cool and it comes with like this
son this link has got like a scrub pad
here and then it has another brush that
pulls out here and it cleans your broom
bristles so it doesn't get all that that
does particles all stuck in it good
finally he looks pretty cool i hope that
i crush you clean the house more I sweet
thank you very much I didn't say my old
room let me show the old room okay the
old room is pretty bad it was about time
to replace it was like falling apart
there's so much crud stuck in the
friggin bristles and it's called
sweeping after you sweet because it
leaves things behind yeah it does that
you room look at it good Oh guys so girl
thing oh yeah part you definitely it was
totally time time for an upgrade and I
upgraded so we got the four living broom
and dustpan kids so we're had the
doctors yeah everything goes you guys
good to me say hi say hi he recognizes
the room he knows what's coming I don't
think he wants to be here I brought my
list of questions and things to bring up
because I find every time I come in I
always forget I just draw a blank so I
wrote it down this time he might just
got his needles and he did so good guys
he didn't even cry he just pouted yeah
it's all done no more yeah Oh dad well
go to store the story mummy yeah let's
go to this door hmm guys look what I
found on the shelf and you wanted to
have it first of all what is it thumb
who is it I spider-man okay we got put
it back I can't buy spider-man he's too
much money spider-man have you ever
heard anyone say spider-man cuter haha
hi do me coupon oh hi dog fun I do that
hey guys so the kids went to sleep Vicki
and leave I went out to the doctors and
if you want to hear the baby's heartbeat
you're gonna have to go order Vicki said
oh because she does she got to hear it's
me and I wish I got to go I like never
get to hear baby heartbeat and stuff
like that because always happens when
I'm at work or have to watch the key so
kind of bummed out did you hear the
baby's heart aah did you hear the baby's
heart oh you want a CD oh oh you want to
see Ariel's baby ariel on Lance's baby
yeah yeah oh he just loves her so much
oh you want to see it okay here you go
you can see it so you break it the baby
maybe Billy again oh that's so cute
anyway so yeah that's gonna be it for
tonight so we will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night don't forget to
comment below cuz I want to get to know
you guys I can't do that if you don't
comment below my say goodnight
you
