check out what my kids are playing Star
Wars check it out guys that here to
remove our tree finally that trees been
dead for the longest time I keep going
to Johnson he's gonna fall down on
somebody they're finally here to take
you down so I'm glad that they're here
to get that done but a guy still has to
mark another tree and he forgot to
market so I tried calling me like the
tree removal guys are here if you just
come out and spray paint a little letter
on the tree they can removable at the
same time to save a lot of assholes so
I'm hoping that they come and mark down
the tree at the same time is that cool
Brielle yeah cutting down the tree up
there Levite see how I kind of the tree
let's go as chainsaw whoa
taggarak yeah they have to say timber
timbre SI timber timber timber timber
table
here comes a big piece are going to cut
it oh there goes the big piece suite b
baby money up there ruining our tree oh
they're doing a good job ruining our
tree glad they're not getting rid of
that one I feel like I'm losing all my
nice trees in our yard so Brielle levi
and i just made a really big tower and
that's not an easy feat to do when you
have a little guy trying to knock it
down all the time right mr. did you try
and knock down our tower yeah so here it
is you want to stand up beside it for
you look at leave I did like this part
here and then we built it all the way I
am and I did semi yeah like she built it
even with these blocks to we used up
every single block right brio every
block right right it's taller than you
it's taller than you hey haven't you can
make it even taller okay do you think if
we take i think it was day you want
knock it down okay black oh my goodness
yes you can move it again what's that
one oh no what's it called do what's do
mean oh let it go say let it go yes you
want to watch let it go okay see he
calls frozen let it go guys being
homesick can be really boring like
eventually you just don't want to watch
movie
wanna sit around you're not saying you
want to like do something within you're
too sick to do anything kind of sucks so
those arborist guys they took away that
one tree at the front they trimmed
another tree and then they said they
were going to take down the tree we need
to move our cars and I move the cars and
then they just left and never took down
the trees I don't know what's going on
we're coming back later out of them okay
I think I bring all the cars back
because it's weird that they would ask
me to move it and then not do it oh what
the up you go can all burn your mouth
mmm you a drink huh okay go sit down in
the kitchen I beg you have a drink are
you two doing do you fall down oh good
see there goes Levi he wants to hold
your hand to me ready 123 go kaboom yeah
that's entertaining again ok guys check
it out abney got her report card and she
got efore excellent efore excellent all
over the place b plus vb plus B plus B a
my frigate Emma yeah first time in
French school should do really well yeah
I'm pretty proud of her cheek right job
check out what my kids are playing Star
Wars good job guys good job proud dad
moments when your kids start to be
interested in Star Wars hey guys so I
just walked started watching the movie
Philadelphia and it's with Tom Hanks and
Denzel Washington and Tom Hanks is
playing the role of a homosexual guy who
contracted HIV and like
I think it's like the 80s or something
like that everybody is super paranoid of
people with HIV like they don't want to
touch up and want to be the same result
it's crazy and it's so interesting for
me to watch that and think wow when
people first started hearing good HIV
like how crazy it was like it was
everyone was so paranoid and hated them
so much it was like almost like racism
towards this group I can't take another
word to describe her I know there is one
you can leave in the comments below we
make button either one but yeah it's
like crazy to watch this movie so you
haven't seen it you should check it out
it's on netflix is pretty interesting
movie yeah you want to say goodnight
everybody say night-night
