here's our lego picture silly faces so
are you ready to go to Legoland and Levi
got himself stuck inside here with his
car yeah we're getting ready to go to
Legoland so just get ourselves all ready
go to the door and then we'll be on our
way
we're really excited should be pretty
awesome ok so we're almost there and
Vicki thought it was at this place
called parking spot 1 or something and
so we parked there and now we've walked
around like the entire evolved are
almost back to where we started we
wasn't missed it we did we walked full
circle and this is a big mall day Vicki
if it's number one that means we have to
go all the way back to the very
beginning where we started I'm gonna be
so mad at big you goes to this is
literally like a 30 minute walk just to
get around them all four floors walk
yeah which is almost now so we got to
hurry we're inside yeah
Oh daddy's already clean
my thought is you make all that Lego pop
with no we're about to go on our first
ride or no if you see it's really dark
in here
Baca and I are gonna go in the back yeah
so yeah that ride was a lot of funny
happening he was he was loving a solo
now look at our green screen pictures
there we go here's our lego picture we
face is the applies this video they're
still for sale I can't happen
Kaymer inside look there's spots you can
build your own car race some giant kids
Lego pants this big Lego thing leg up
it's there's a Lego earthquake spot this
huge in here it's pretty cool actually
it's a big play Jim rides there's a 3d
movie that we're gonna go check out okay
we built our towers and now we're gonna
push the button to start an earthquake
okay do it whoa they look almost work we
did it high-five
yeah this was a happenes that was mine
that was Bob okay we're all ready for
our 3d movie ready Abney anybody laugh
at you ready ready for 3d leave ice
glasses don't entirely fit himself we'll
see how that should be fun how'd you
like it yeah who's awesome movie Hey
it was really good I like that busier we
very good just some more rides before it
gets too jam-packed happy about guy
decided they wanted to go into this big
jungle gym before then we do the big
ride
stay in there there's apni up there I
don't you can see her or not look so you
can go down a big slide into those big
giant Legos or something the adults are
allowed to go in though bobber
I can't go in the firehouse play house
is too small so we're just sitting here
at the big bucket of Legos building
stuff it's gonna try to get the wheels
on he likes Lagos the world paint so Mia
mouth they're gonna try this right out
with the right bicycle car things right
this you we can fly
okay now it's a Pandora's turn to go on
the Merlin ride are you excited yeah
after seeing Malachi go on it make you
feel better about it
does that go very fast right yeah a
bonito left one is ride by yourself okay
we're officially on the ride they got
this weird spell book or something
oh yeah he's up there put that penis
here he goes here goes off his car oh no
you're scratch man go grab it came out
now let go you went right okay go up the
stairs with mom fight here goes Levi
yeah a nice tie Levi put in that movie
we just saw the dragon do take out
boogers on it the dragon say bye
yeah my label is nowhere anyway it lies
to the right oh go shopping so we were
gonna eat some lunch here but check it
out busiest freaking places
took us forever to get table then with
Vicki's not gonna clean some food the
lineup goes around the bend and down the
friggin hallway tree like screw this
we're gonna leave this mall she's way
too busy for our case so we're leaving
them all because it's absolute chaos and
I just can't shop and have fun when it's
that busy it was crazy
when you can't even push your stroller
or like if your kids are like one step
in front of you you lose them Wow you
are you are flying through people you're
getting hit and shoved and it's not fun
it took us probably fifteen minutes to
find a seat yeah so now we're leaving
that chaos we're going to a restaurant
this down and away some food okay I go
okay are starving families at Seaside
Wario's and they're playing some weird
game it's like past two o'clock and we
haven't eaten anything yet we're all
starving
please happen being your head on the
wall
hey guys so we decided to come to
another ball as close to our home is way
less Levi's guys police car Malka Malka
got Marvel's Star Wars and hobbies
picking up some new clothes yeah that's
what we're doing therefore I gotta go
home and just sleep cuz I am so stinking
tired more okay ready how many wanted to
get this dress because she wanted to
match me because she saw this dress in
my maternity section so look at our
dresses Hey so this mommy's dress with
the baby in her tummy and this is dress
you wanna put on we get home okay
we'll show you guys later cuz we retired
hey guys we just got home a real pooped
out but malphite's gonna play his new
game Andrade oh yeah don't worry Jimmy
of course yeah coming and Avenue you're
gonna watch me like Charlie and we
decided to secure gaming run and we'll
do the dresses another day straight long
it's been a very long day like we're
gonna begin first day always
I love that bedtime like 15 minutes I
made for school tomorrow and work so
anyways thanks for watching me
yeah bye I see tomorrow
