second outside Malachi make you crawl at
school look at that I have two kids
valentines day present set out for today
no hoodie for you and I thought you can
wear it today because it's got a hurt on
it it's pink yeah rimmel today when you
got it remember you wanted captain
america shirt captain america on it and
the whole all from lego marvel yeah
message someone that's cool yeah do you
like it Malik I have about 50 guys and
we got Levi a little batman shirt
parties to daddy here's a fishtail oh
yeah it's from both of us seats was it
safe I should i do that mommy and daddy
and now i can hear me by calling my name
mommy has a surprise for you at the
table what do you see Oh Bernie debian
shirt what L ja mommy I'm Ricky wants to
take his jammies off to put it on yeah I
think it's so cute they want to put it
on right away
it's paint anything oh yeah yeah she's
leave me hanging like sucks too oh
that's me yeah yeah perfect day I have a
major Levi oh it's Avengers voiceless oh
you wanted like Captain America and
stuff pretty close laughs I you know has
minecraft no i didn't i thought Lego
Marvel my god mom oh god yeah my parents
got me presents for like every holiday
every occasion I got an easter present
Valentine's Day present uh hello
president I'm like all of it they just
spoiled me so my aunt savvy this link on
how to do a heart hairdo for Valentine's
Day and I attempted it anomalies hair
today so that's what it should look like
probably connect yeah look guys see if
the heart starts here he's a braid
around up here and around soho actually
yours looks a little crooked and just
scooted over a little bit more
Valentine's Day heart here do King good
thanks indeed I tried just finish
getting that many the bus just in time
and now Levi doesn't want to come inside
what's that yeah the bus we took her to
the bus wha a big bus can I come in why
over day her that's what you want to do
oh ok uh he's gonna cry guys today is a
good day because I feel like crap today
what you're like pie is that a good day
you feel like crap because i have no
daycare today and it's just leave I and
I so I can just take it easy and Levi
such a good boy are you good boy you're
good boy aren't you picking out guys and
I'll kind of a huge haul at school look
at it oh it's long as like every kid
would gave something look at that wow
that's a lot I highfield I didn't do any
it's just so much work and then he's
only in kindergarten do you guys do
valentines for your kids school cuz
that's how bad hey guys I get to come
over now early today cuz on holidays
like this we get to leave it out really
are coming our lady it was my turn to
leave in our early then check out what
happen to God a whole goodie bag
Valentine's I don't remember you game
like this last year did you hike in
kilogram I mean cage hey I never even
thought about doing this the Valentine's
Day cards I got me ebony to have me
Hoover boys so so it doesn't matter your
race well so your friends it's Jenna
Jenna oh I was just teasing ya I didn't
really mean anything by it so I've got
the mail and I got three letters one is
for Levi that's really high much for
Malachi I wants from me my guess is it
their letters from Nana pop up you
usually said whatever what is it what is
it what is it what is it it's Scott why
no idea whoa haha five dollars one two
three
that's ricky's grandparents very same
nice little sweet valentine's gifts to
our kids levi's excited as a monkey my
mother my lady gonna color on anything
swiss keeper all i know is Nana pop
fighting I mean like this valentine's
day for me and Vicki to we didn't get
encouragement and what whatever school
hey guys what's up so happy malca and I
are all going to marry browse chicken
right guys we're gonna pick it up and
bring it home for everybody if you guys
know what my raw chicken is leave a
comment below and say what because we
haven't really tried it yet we had a one
time on my brother-in-law cells i think
and i think i remember being pretty good
but we haven't tried this one that's new
in our town yet so we're gonna test it
out see how it is and we'll let you guys
know we're just waiting for our chicken
would you see I'm king of the castle dr.
longer quick ok here we go Mary Brown's
chicken french fries tater salad you got
actually got some Louisiana side may not
want to try it let the food consumption
begin who taught you had to do that you
on yo me voy target fainted hey you
taught you how to do that me right mommy
that's how mommy blows back whenever hot
boots too hot that's exactly how big
eagles it out which he won't let me post
it on youtube so
you seem like Nana Nana you can't get me
Nana baby I kids at me Wow hey guys was
also i just finished working out i'm
gonna try this hemp protein powder that
i was telling you the way that i got i
put in some orange juice and it kind of
makes it look gross i have like texture
inside the orange juice it tastes the
same but it's a little grainy but yeah
look if you can get past the look like
it looks gross now right yeah so
hopefully this will help me give a
fitting a little bit faster so yeah I
think that's about it for me anyway so
we'll see you guys tomorrow have a great
night
