hey guys here's my soup it's just
getting warm on the stove so I've if is
snowing like all day yesterday and all
tonight putting it outside we got so
much snow we have so much snow like
seriously like it's piled high
everywhere she's been non stop snowing
so I'm gonna go out and get the car all
swept off and started because it's
really cold outside today do so that we
can get church on time those aren't 22
so it starts with 20 minute so I'm going
to go hopefully do that get that down 10
minutes cuz the kids already in five and
be there in five I don't know we'll see
you know the kids are gonna sing for
worship tonight they're all my deck here
the microphone and they're gonna be
singing worship songs today it's
exciting mix over here isn't a guitar
a levi and malachi are just chillin for
now while we're practicing don't you
hate your taking off your boots and your
soft gets stuck in your boot like this
you have to like balance years old and
like think your sock back out to provide
feet don't get wet has ever happened to
you or is it just me I guess because I
wear ankle socks hey guys so I didn't do
very much time to vlog today because
I've been editing all the videos for our
Channel Vicki decides to wait till last
minute always to do her videos so that's
why it has plus we've been trying to
figure out the new camera like that and
I don't know what it is but when we put
the camera one spot of the room which is
where we record most of our individual
videos there's like a popping noise in
the background and is because
interfering with the Wi-Fi signal or
something making that property noise as
I tried moving a camera different spots
in the house and there was no popping
noise so and but I didn't realize that
till after we finished reportable so
sorry of the next couple videos on our
own channels come up with like a little
poppy but there wasn't anything I can do
figure it out at the moment but yeah so
yeah we got a couple videos coming out
today as you're watching this on my
channel and on Vicki sure did want to go
check this out go ahead check him out
I'm Canadian family dad she's Canadian
family long so it's simple but yeah yeah
you're in the Canadian family vlog so if
you want to see avenue you got to watch
this channel you can't watch the other
one check out what Vicki's doing oh
nothing nothing ending that there was
something interesting cleaning out the
chickens like she's about to make this
seat like here's a little secret but to
me in it whoo croutons yeah read them I
look good so I was like a crouton eat
chicken soup is pretty good so she's
trying to make it in less than an hour
before we have to be right so yeah
that's what that's what we're doing
today just running around getting these
guys so sorry today's a short vlog I
know some of you come in and say hey
Nick helping you guys vlogs are not over
five minutes all the time they're always
three minutes from bliss because I don't
want to like put tons and tons of stuff
that you guys because I know personally
I watched so many different blogs I
don't have enough time to keep watching
more and more blogs so I want our vlog
to be one you can kind of always check
in if you have five minutes here yeah
extreme minutes you can watch it it's
not like a 25-minute vlog we have to
spend at least half an hour every day
saying down watching the whole thing I
want to be nice short and sweet and
still full of like the fun action of our
family hey guys short and sweet short
and sweet just like apni hey guys here's
my soup it's just getting warm on the
stove I'm not look good it's got like
diced tomatoes and spaghetti sauce and
chicken with some garlic and herb rub
garlic some fresh garlic obviously and
yeah and then I'm gonna let that simmer
like warm up on the stove and then I'm
gonna add my croutons I get all hard and
crunchy after sitting in there for a bit
but done gah say these two dishes right
here are the best in job in your kitchen
so you just make meal prep so fast and
so easy I just cooked my chicken like
from like like thawed chicken raw
chicken thought about chicken put in
microwave and cooked it for 10 minutes
in this dish right here and it was
perfectly cooked and juicy done cooked
chicken and then I just cut up some
French loaf or put some seasoning and
olive oils and then just tossed it all
around in there put the lid on this one
here my round covered baker stuck it in
the microwave three minutes and I have
perfectly like good croutons and I made
myself like not the Box time and it's
just so fresh and so good and I love
using like fresh ingredients like like
you know fresh garlic because I've got
you know my garlic press and stuff I
just love pampered chef seriously it's
like the best if you want any let me
know I'll hook you up okay we're getting
ready to go tonight service go get our
stuff on mom sorry
will sing you will sing like a watch or
you're going saturday Allstate okay this
is minh la hey guys so church went
really good Abby did a fantastic job as
her debut leading worship on the worship
team she sounded so great all the little
girls are wrapped her up there sounded
really fantastic she didn't want us to
video anything for the vlog so we did
before we didn't get to show you guys a
clip but trust me and went really good
anyways thanks for watching guys and
we'll see you tomorrow for another vlog
