kids are playing baseball
okay picture your the picture hey who's
the batteries who's the batter
everything is gonna use up too bad okay
oh no it dad's the pitcher now where is
the switch out Oh Levi he didn't run the
bases oh he just stayed okay who's up
next
yeah okay got it I think good one me
mine okay ready
you did hit the ball yeah back a little
bit okay okay I don't want to get hit
with the bat Wow she hit it out your
mouth Kylie boy
let's fund ladies both sigh so nice out
it's nice changes has snow storm like
three days ago maybe gonna try this
thing for dick first this is actually
her first time I feel like we did it
before she's not happy
do you like it would be do you wanna
underdog Livi what are you looking at
yeah Korea sticks leave I take this
camera out get him yeah he's a big smile
nope you're like sit on someone's lap
like it living in this Rainer
a beautiful spring days we're at the
park turn your bum I believe I specially
you down what are brothers for winter
brothers for my looks like you're
bleeding but you have ketchup all over
your face look at mom
looks like you're bleeding okay because
Levi bumpy ride you like the bumpy ride
oh well that's good mom here he comes
again
you like that right that's good okay so
we're at the little beach part by our
house and it's probably like well maybe
not one of the last times but close to
it that we're going to be here before we
move so we're a little bit sad about
that but why
I know dad's a big jerk I think we
should all gang up on down and push them
in I was trying to lure you over to
there thank you for getting that it's
there it's so pretty here it's so pretty
it's like a fire hose but we just can't
like live in our closed space anymore
it's like there's really two bedrooms
guys like before kids think about that
it just doesn't work so we're really
excited to get our new house in a new
city we're definitely getting a lake I
already showed them it's so beautiful
this is like right around the corner
from us just across the street from us
we just come over to this part of it on
the table karate on the table is this a
wise decision yeah exactly he could fall
down hurt
Malachi's a champion goodness
sometimes Nick does some crazy parenting
stuff that I don't exactly agree with
come here I still need to show you
oh let's go over here oh did it go hi
Levi hi Levi
