that's my good i'm in my 26 40 minutes
on the timer whoa do enough all over
sigh just walking at your cover so he
started laughing so I'm pitanga in
trivia whoa that bunny yeah well it was
fell down yeah oh no show no show so he
wants to watch the show hey these guys
till last minute I got called into the
Otherworld chambers are excited because
I love in working but I'm also like I
gotta hurry in practice is a check it
out try toasting those buns I made last
night oh that's pretty good for some
jammin will suck does it dry them out so
Nick is still eating the ham I made on
Friday the last time you for meals
dinner breakfast dinner watch crazy yay
yeah and it was nobody else you chef or
you out a little bit right a little bit
but and like it how much better is good
hmm don't give any rolls yeah doesn't
leave I'm except all the kids love to
have me was your been yeah she was
mention away on it so guys just like
almost one o'clock which is normally
like my nap time and I'm so so tired and
I want to have a nap so bad and I have
so much to do to get ready for tomorrow
with all the kids and I'll be having
over I need to make grocery list and
possibly even go grocery shopping I need
to do the kids laundry they have so much
laundry Malachi's no jeans much to do I
think we got to set the timer for like
40 minutes and just have like a little
snooze and then once the timer goes off
I like will get stuff done that's what
I'm good I made my decision 40 minutes
on the timer hey guys so I just kind of
go ahead and trim my beard get myself a
bit of a haircut as long ever do as you
can tell us getting a little shaggy but
I kind of want to keep growing it out a
little bit too but I don't think you
would along with you but yeah that's
what I'm doings afternoon haircut beard
shave shower
looking good for my lady hey guys I'm
all done what do you think the beard
trimmed up the hairs cut a little bit I
feel a lot lighter and like before I was
feeling greasy I didn't even notice it
until after I did it all and I'm feeling
a lot less I don't know I feel better
more healthy i guess i don't know what
though it is more yeah what do you guys
think how many just working her butt off
over here get in this tub or organized
and it is looking really good gonna get
some money for that job so every now and
again avenue you want some money so he
give her little jobs like this and she
doesn't only give her some money because
she's doing a really good job because
that's actually really difficult to do
it to find each one matches his spot
organizes like doing a puzzle you guys
have really disorganized drawers like
this like we did well this is a good now
but normally ours are her happy I don't
know why we just can't keep it organized
we just keep shoving stuff in and they
never say like in the order they're
supposed to be a uh the Tupperware Oh
with all the babies and all the kids
playing it something fun reason one time
well you got a lot of stuff there so I
am out doing a little bit of running
around I just like to the library and
returned the movies and the book said
everything that were due today so that
was good and I got my last book in the
series that I'm reading I'm really
anxious to read it there's only three in
the series this is the last month and I
like loose or the other two and so I
just I can't wait to dig into this ride
was really really good for suspenseful
anyways um now i'm off to layers i have
to return our redbox movie if i say was
a way better movie than the maze runner
so Nick did make it up to me but I was
like um it still wasn't the greatest
movie but the maze runner oh my goodness
guys that one was a waste of time and it
ended in a way like there better be a
maze runner too I hate those kind of
movies anyway so yeah I'm gonna go
return the redbox movie but i actually
think i'm mike with mcdonald's for
supper because we have a coupon that's
gonna expire I think as far as tomorrow
or Tuesday and I'm just gonna go get it
today so I don't waste the coupon cuz
I'm like that well guys almost five
o'clock and we have to be at the church
at five fifteen for an early worship
practice
and they didn't have croissants out
there so i got my decision made for me
and i got mcdonalds so i got this big
share box huge cycle yeah hbu delicious
fan hey anyways so I'm gonna run name
really quick and get food to the kids
and they can I have to wolf it down and
get to the church so we're home from
church so now we gotta get jammies on
and get these kids in bed it's bedtime
it's bedtime it's bedtime it's been a
need to it does look like a little
station hmm if you can identify what
this is in today's lock we're gonna be
in ur of the t-shirt first you want to
sing like an object first one to see
what does flying object is in the
comments below is going to be the winner
of the t-shirt that we're giving away
for two thousand subscribers
tell me what is this thank you take a
shot at it yeah I did tell me what this
is dude dude so guys yesterday I said
I'm gonna mention a couple of cool
things are happening this year and I'm
gonna tell you right oh so one of them
is I got that grant I was telling you
guys about a couple weeks ago so I get
thirty five hundred dollars for a small
business startup and what I'm doing is
starting this photography business but
I'm going to also be using most of the
equipment on getting for that for the
vlog so all of a sudden our vlogs and it
gets super awesome we're gonna have some
nice high def cameras some nice
backdrops for the side projects that
we're doing stuff so I'm really excited
to get all that gear test it out and get
these vlogs looking a lot better the
only thing I don't have money for you is
to upgrade these cameras are using our
daily basis which sucks because I'm not
happy with the quality of these videos
so eventually we're going to get some
money hopefully from this business I'm
starting that and money is going to be
extra so if I get some money from that I
can throw it towards getting some new
cameras for the vlog for you guys so
those are the two kind of main things
are going on this year so far also
obviously we're on that TV show coming
up one of our videos there's not like a
feature or anything but they're going to
using it as like a little sample of
something so well throwing balls every
now so I'm really excited about that if
something you want to say yes what their
canning process in the garden here I'll
take it for you I'll put in my lunch
break okay okay to put up your end up
candy drawer you're gonna make some
juice who can I have some what kind of
it hmm crazy aren't you supposed to be
in your jammies on yeah yeah yeah I got
what some jammies on go yeah yeah yeah
get get it good hey we're getting ready
for bed i'll see you guys tomorrow
