for gangster like that so guys is like
seven o'clock in the morning on saturday
and I'm just so excited waiting for my
ride to get here to go to my Pampered
Chef conference today I'm excited we get
to see what the new like spring line is
going to be what new products they have
to introduce and some chances to win
some of those products and get some free
stuff just for going so I'm excited it's
going to be a lot of fun there's like 12
of us going so so much fun all the girls
so yeah wait from a ride local park it
is still dark out sword both albany and
malachi woke up to say goodbye to me so
that was sweet hey guys how's it going
so Vicki went to a pampered chef meeting
thing today there's like a general big
meeting that I don't really know what it
is it's like a big me that they all go
to that if you're pampered chef
consultant i'm making some awesome whole
day has been set up a backdoor potatoes
ham and onions that is going to be
delicious so we're just gonna be hanging
around the house today playing video
games what else are you doing at me oh
you want you we don't know what the heck
we're gonna do but it's gonna be fun so
we're just gonna hang out probably watch
some movies and stuff oh my really wants
my pet shops I don't want to be a
squeeze every day yeah no no but I like
Malachi so I'll do it anyways so that's
what we're doing today what do you guys
do on Saturdays you have fun you
surround the house you go out do shop
one night so I don't know if you guys
have seen avenues cool coloring kit yet
but check out what she's got it's pretty
awesome hey she's coloring up this
awesome aerial picture who that flower
looks really pretty already happening
this work it's pretty cool na
how many got for christmas from a
grandma and grandpa and she really likes
it she uses all the time it's nice
because it was like the cases metal and
it's all pink so it's like it's only her
thing so it's kind of cool but yeah
still a min done much today we play some
video games but that's about it I'm
pretty sure just give me lazy day all
day I'm trying to tidy up the kitchen
stop for Vicki when she's home I might
make those sweet rolls again because
they were so good but it takes a lot of
work so I'm really sure yet check out
guys we tend to watch the movie not get
that up do you guys like it gone watch
me zip Londo you want to be a zip line
as I before so she wants me as if like
as we have a little too goes holy over
there and shoot all the way back I'm in
the other 10 so that's how we watching
our movie inside of 10 because that's
the way we roll over here for gangster
like that
hey guys so I'm home from my pampered
chef thing that I went to this morning
and I had like a headache all day and I
didn't get to sit my friends that was
kind of the point but might have some
really cool like new spring products
coming out which I'm excited out and I
earned a couple of them and got to go
home with some just for attending so I'm
feeling really carsick from the ride
because it's like over an hour to get
there and so lift I feel gross when I
came home to my lovely children and they
missed me so much and ebony made me so
much stuff when I was gone what did you
make me okay look who she did me this
beautiful picture did you color all this
yourself you're really good look at this
 all this oh look at the top price
to mommy I miss to so so so so much love
ebony oh thank you SAT right below me me
me rainbow loom too hey guys so I just
returned the movies almost forgot I was
like oh shoot I gotta take the movies
back out like two hours left and then
they charge you I guess for another
night which like a dollar fifty so who
cares but in the trailer for The Maze
Runner there was a movie called let me
see I just got it if I stay it looked
kind of cool so Vicki wasn't really
happy with the maze runner so I was a
little too scary I guess I don't really
sure too much sci fi e so this one's
kind of chick flick so I thought I'm
gonna give this for she had a rough day
and then we'll watch that and maybe
we'll make up for a rough day and
hopefully this one isn't a bus to you so
if you guys have seen it let me know in
the comments I liked me he's runner
though and I think they're gonna make a
part 2 i'm definitely gonna watch it
because i thought it was really good did
you guys see a maze runner cuz that was
kick butt hey guys so Vicki and I just
finished washing if I stay she went
straight to bed afterwards she kind of
had a rough day teach wasn't feeling too
well but yeah it was a good movie is
really thought-provoking after finished
watching I ended up thinking about life
and like Oh what would I do if this
happened to me you guys should watch it
if you like that kind of a thing I
thought
was really good though really well put
together guys we have gone over 2,000
subscribers and I said to you if we get
over 2,000 subscribers by saturday then
we're going to give away a t-shirt so we
have a t-shirt I'll show to you later a
bit my Vicki's in there sleeping and
we're gonna give it away to one of you
subscribers I haven't thought of how I'm
gonna do yet I want to do something kind
of cool but I haven't thought of yet but
one of you guys are going to get this
t-shirt is an awesome t-shirt I really
like it and I'm going to send it to you
I'm actually going to pick up a couple
more of these same teachers for myself
afterwards because I like them that much
but yeah so thanks you guys so much for
your support thank you so much for
clicking that subscribe button thank you
so much for leaving comments below
because I if you leave comments you know
I'm all over those comments i love
reading them responding talking with you
guys getting to know you guys better is
one of the highlights of being a vlogger
for me anyways but yeah guys we're
really glad all you've come along and
jumped on board with this journey with
us we're super excited to see what
happens this year I have a bunch of
announcements for things that happened
to me over the last few days that i'm
going to talk about in tomorrow's vlog
because tomorrow it might be a little
bit of short vlog so i'm going to spend
a little bit of time focusing talking
about some of the cool things are coming
up and yeah that's it I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you for all your support
and we love you guys have a good night
I'm doesn't have to be able to hear me
talk
yeah oh the sweaty
Oh
Oh
No
