so pretty I hear one is snowy and you're
going really like morning guys so I just
got in the shower and I decided I'm
gonna put makeup on today I'm gonna try
to make myself feel better than like
look better than how I feel like deal
more with it I guess I don't know today
is the part of my cold where it's just
all coming out so I am like coughing up
phlegm and then blowing big giant gross
boogers out of my nose and then coughing
up phlegm and then back to the boogers
and it's disgusting but Elise is
draining out and I'm finally starting to
feel like I can breathe again like you
know through my nose again and my
throat's so so dry because I've been
breathing through my mouth lately she's
not fun just not fun so anyways I'm
probably gonna go to work tonight um
just cuz they were mad at me when i took
monday night off but they wouldn't have
been happy when I've been there with a
fever and everything so I am feeling
well enough to go i'll just have to have
hand sanitizer and kleenex on me at all
times fine so I figured I should
probably have a shower put makeup on you
know and try to get on with the day kind
of thing yeah you win you win you won
that you went at table tennis oh good
job let you live jewett number that is
that's number six and get number six and
you wins um yeah the boys are playing
the wii games displaying hey guys what's
up so I'm just out on the trail and
we're getting a little bit of snow today
I think we're getting the stuff that
this day Scott the other day and it's
just coming up here to Canada but I
don't know maybe I'm wrong he was
completely different but so pretty I
hear 12 snowy and you're going freely
like on the trail everything's covered
and some white snow the trees everything
it's just beautiful I love it I almost
need to come out of my lunch break today
cuz like the roads are really slippery
but I thought I gotta get out here like
look how pretty this tree looks
all the snow falling down on it that's
pretty cool I have a big mess in my room
of laundry and it's disgusting so I have
piles of clothes all over the place big
big pile over here and I'm supposed to
have a playpen here on Monday for all my
fault and daycare kids there's something
that's so peaceful about the woods in
the winter it's just so calm and quiet
like you don't hear anything all yours
like the snow falling your feet walking
through the snow and the tracks and just
quiet no animals no burrs nothing it's
really relaxing if you guys ever gone
for a hike in the winter when it's
snowing and stuff like that is the best
way is so pretty out here I wish I
brought my DSLR camera because there's
so many pictures i gave you taken of the
amazing i took some pictures with my
phone i'm going to post them on
Instagram and Twitter so if you want to
see some pictures of the site go check
us out on Instagram and Twitter because
that's where you'll see those pitchers
they're pretty nice it's so pretty out
here I can stay here all day probably
hey guys what's up so I'm just digging
into my broccoli salad that i made last
night listen to my brother's friggin
tues on his CD they just released
it's really good if you guys want to
download a CD it's free you can download
it on noise trade I'm going to leave a
link below in this video you can check
it out is really good tracks 2 3 and 10
are my favorite the whole thing's pretty
good but those are my like those are my
repeat tracks all this noise was over
and over his kid man guys so my car
batteries stopped working gentes I'm
Liam from work and there's this guy
beside me in his cars running I thought
all perfect i'm just gonna ask him if he
needed boost so I'm like hey mickey
would you mind giving me a goose and he
was like sorry man i can't give you a
boost in this car he's driving a lexus
and I'm like why not and he's like
scraping the windows and stuff and he
didn't give me a boost can you believe
that what if I was the stranded there
and have anyone to ask except for him
you wouldn't give me a boost what a mean
guy so I ended up going back into work
asking one of my friends account to give
me a boost luckily we're hoping late
that night so people were still working
and yeah got my boo snarling way home
guys leave I grabs a chair from over
here pushes it all the way over to here
climbs on top and what is he grabbed
from up here would you grab the picture
of Ariel and Lance's baby yeah the baby
whoa aye caramba did you grab the
picture off the fridge yeah climb up you
climbed up there and got it you silly
goose you silly cuz yes I guess cousin
is good sure oh really yeah okay so you
put it back so I put back the picture
try put it back oh you want to see the
baby oh you need that here when I put it
back let me put it back yeah let me put
it away good
here let me put it away anybody anybody
let me put it away I got it yeah let's
see what happens really try for away see
if he does can you put it away what you
want it you think Ivany will protect me
yeah baby baby baby you loves that baby
so Ariel Lance if you're watching you
gotta come visit cuz Levi wants to see
the baby so bad
you
