they're gonna use one of our videos on
their TV show I stayed home today
because I have really bad allergies and
Vicki's not feeling good so I'm going to
plan to clean up this whole kitchen and
clean up the living room and the
bathroom is stuff like that doe since
i'm home and vicky see Ike I thought
it'd be fun to do a little project with
malachi so we're gonna do what yeah so
come over here so we got a little
pleasure it's okay you can come over
okay so what we're gonna do is you're
gonna take all this grassy and put it
all on the top of this dirt so I do that
so now we're gonna set it by the window
and just let the grass grow see how it
does my pal be in charge of watering
Harry yeah me in charge you need one to
grasp roads you gotta cut it and
everything you know I do that Sally fun
then you can go in our grass yeah how
does what can I be in charge of doing
all this yeah it's all yours so yeah
well give it a week or so and it should
have some grass in there so Vicki
finally woke up it's like one o'clock
almost and so she had a good rest and
I'm making or sweet rolls so I'm
tweeting for it to rise and that that
divide it up let it rise again and then
bacon it should we get I'm hoping you'll
be ready for a start time but I don't
think it will be I went ahead and did
bath time but look how cute leave I
looked in his little turtle town you
look so cute Terry y'all use under there
mark I you gotta get him I think yeah
whoa Oh y'all was all over doesn't he
look so cute guy a little troll fit
mmwah if you're wondering what happened
to his nose he fell off our bed last
night and I think he landed on my guitar
keys and he had a bleeding nose it was
really bad but he was okay and Vicki had
a fever last night so she woke up she
had a fever his nose bleed he's crying
it was brutal but she said she's not
feeling that much better trade but he
he's feeling a lot better what would my
he looks so cute yeah look it what turn
on her real father he looks like a real
frog is that funny what hey guys hugging
yeah there used to be you used to be a
little like this in this town but now
you're so big no I only got the seat
cowl yep you're right alchemy looks like
a place yeah you're right a bit but I
say I get baby big I kid again they get
bigger after i have my another birthday
they're gonna be bad news you're gonna
be Batman on your birthday birthday you
think Batman's gonna come to your
birthday party like spider-man did whoa
whoa remember hey guys me and Malachi
are walking along the ice where there's
normally a river to get to have knee
right yeah okay real nice oh yeah oh
yeah they're cool yeah and can you show
me were the light
wider careful boy Elmo just walk
backwards in today hey might not be as
safe as i thought it was hey guys isn't
it cool when you can see through like
clear ice like look at how clear that is
you see the rocks and everything but
like it still stand on it it looks like
I should just be able to like break read
through it can you guys see the water
bubbles hey guys just wanted to let you
know that you're probably going to want
to subscribe because we're coming a
pretty big deal CBS the television
network contacted us and wants us to be
on the doctor show well not exactly SB
on it but they're going to use one of
our videos on the television show check
it out I have a home video photo release
document here then we signed and now
we're gonna send it back to them and
they're gonna use one of our videos on
their TV show I'm like really excited
about it how do you cool down your food
okay guys here's on my sweet rolls
turned out they taste delicious too by
the way keep some to Vicki's parents
because with use mom made summer for us
against night and the kids are trying
them do you like it happening delicious
8 ok guys I think your buns are nice and
cool down hey guys so I came out to see
the girls shopping for Mickey I got all
the way here I forgot the stupid Flyers
we priced at the owners why I come to
walmart but it's a plate for me the
cashier went to customer service and
they have the buzzer and I've got all
the discounts so I'm ads airs because
they have the best like apples the stuff
like that but they also have my favorite
waters right here baby and I notice
today that if you don't like these
mowers you buy them you can call number
and get your money back which is pretty
awesome
