fast your helicopter and look like a
helicopter it's like a bug hey guys I
got up really early to make myself a bit
of a healthier breakfast and I need to
have more protein in my diet now that
i'm working on stuff so i got eggs with
mushrooms and onions and sausage so
hopefully this will give my body the
energy it needs to heal because it's
still sore from yesterday's worker or
two days ago work and i have to work out
again tonight so i'm hoping i inhaled it
do it all the routines that are required
to do properly for my workout and
hopefully this will help my body a
little bit okay guys good morning so i
think i'm going to attempt to build a
car ramp it won't be as extravagant as
nick can do leave ina little boy that i
watch are here and they really are into
playing with cars and stuff so i think
i'm gonna fight as you they're fighting
over cars do a car ramp for them I did
okay but not like Nick's or anything you
gonna make one without the loop too so
well the boys are busy playing card and
the car ramps I'm going to quickly go
through my maternity clothes for the
clothing swap check out my lunch today
guys and being healthy pregnant person
way that and I got water just water
yummy that's good food a bit I love
getting my oil changed here just to go
the free drinks again
yeah I love getting my oil changed at
jiffy lube because look they clean up
your car they clean all the windows they
vacuumed the carpet for you they top off
all your fluids and they have all this
drink so I showed you at a slushy and I
got a nice hot tea on my way out it's
great and I love any other any service
that you can get the ABS free drinks and
snacks and stuff like that is definitely
a good service in my books guys so I
just went to the apple store because my
super Drive was freezing my entire
computer couldn't check discs or
anything so I went back down I told him
what was happening and they just said oh
here take a new one it is gimme a brand
new strip drive that's why I like apple
products because they just do cool stuff
like that guys check out what I got in
the mail today my remote control
quadcopter I'm so excited to try this
thing out I got it from China konichiwa
right what won't you try it okay well
you can try well we'll see cuz this
might be complicated to use I'm gonna
try it first and we'll see how it goes
and I got by shin-soo hammock sorry got
that for free from my other channel
backpack hiker and it's a three person
hammock so three people could go into it
and sleep in it I'm so stinking excited
for it if you don't know what it is
youtube it right now and look for a
review of it cuz you're gonna be like
holy crap thats so cool that's playing
with his new toy ok here we go I'm gonna
try it ready guys that's your helicopter
and you look like a helicopter it's like
a bug careful no don't touch leave i
know i gotta figure out which way is it
going
that is not very good at buying it okay
it's a quadcopter monkey is more than
just going off down forward backwards
you have to control up left right all
these different okay don't look at
control me lucky okay we're having
chicken family fajitas we've got our
chicken and our pepper mixtures and our
cheese and homemade salsa it's really
good good stuff don't forget they don't
like it what if you don't like it here
better wrap hey guys what's up so I'm
just about to do my workout Vicki's
upstairs with Levi and yeah I'm trying
to keep fit guys what are you guys doing
to try and stay fit this year for me I'm
trying to use workout routines and so
far I'm feeling great I'm doing the
exercises outside like you know but I'm
interested what you guys do it change it
up anything going for hikes going for
walks what do you guys doing hey guys
just finished my second day of working
and it was amazing i'm feeling great so
both my brothers now know that i'm doing
this workout thing I think my older
brother Jay is doing some a little bit
of trying to stay fitness and exercise
for the wedding and my little brother
Josh I know he was trying to but now
he's even more motivated because he
knows both of us are trying to server I
guess we're all gonna just see who's the
most fit he's the last one of us to get
married so this is kind of our last in
family wedding that we're all part of so
it was going to be fun to kind of see
who all gets fat and stuff we'll
probably have the best wedding photos
for his wedding out of all the ones hey
guys what's up I just wanted to remind
you guys that we're having a meet up
this Saturday the 24 so if you want to
be there is going to be in Toronto I'm
going to put all the details in the
description below it's for my brothers
album release party so he's going to be
playing there's gonna be a live music
two different bands and if you come that
night you get his album for freeze
giving away to everyone that comes to
celebrate this big album so we're going
to be there Vicki and I and we're hoping
to meet some of you guys there too so if
you're wanting to meet us you live in
the area comes up I get a free album
enjoy some free live concerts and
you know we hope to see you guys there
hey guys thanks for watching my vlog
today don't forget to subscribe leave
some comments below and give us a thumbs
up if you liked this video we would
appreciate that also our instagram
facebook and twitter if you want to
check us out on those social media sites
as well and don't forget guys really
want to see some of those comments below
so we get to know you a lot better so
we'll see your air
