I would probably sit back and relax and
take a nap and enjoy the client because
I've got three kids and one on the way
oh my goodness Vicky you need this yes
she did and it's added here were both my
husband and I are both turning 30 and it
will be our ten-year anniversary in
August okay they'll be perfect it would
be perfect let's see if we can get you
qualified to win this all right dish
artist says 2015 is the 20th anniversary
of his decision to follow Christ and
that's what his new album no turning
back is all about all right here it is
okay again all right Thank You Chloe but
is it Brandon Heat oh yeah yeah thank
you brandy Vicky Winnie what do you do
I'm in August all right so you will need
this because if you go in june or july
you're gonna you're gonna need that time
to sit and just sleep yay mommy hidden
yeah that's awesome so glad they
extended it to the next week citing
qualified all athlete oh no and then
this week yes I'm so happy the skin I've
been trying to get me every time you go
outside you gotta call you a colleague
gonna call so many awesome so guys I
wake up this morning and I go to the
cover to get pulls out for the kids for
their cereal and like like oh yeah
they're in the dishwasher so what do I
do i turn the dishwasher on last night
so they'd have clean bowls in the
morning so I open the dishwasher and
look what it looks like it's filled with
water and all wet and I'm like I don't
understand I totally turn this on
someone made a confession to me what
happened it going turned it up because i
was watching rocky t last night and I
didn't want to have the dishwasher so I
because I couldn't cure the movie so
what did he do he forgot to turn it back
on when he went to bed because i was up
till one o'clock in the morning editing
your
blog I don't care you should remember to
her back on because now the kids don't
have a pool to eat their cereal out of
thanks a lot dad y ou re the quitney
vice doin guys he's working on a pencil
and he's loving it you like puzzles yeah
she got it let's find another one here
turn this around goes in the bottom
right he look Oh turn it this way here
in the bottom look hmm you did it
yeah hi bite mmm so just on my way to
the trail to go do my workout routine
and I just wanted to give a shout out to
to hear one of my subscribers who
happens to be the first subscribers of
my new channel the Canadian family dad
so if you guys want to go check out that
new channel I just launched it so
yesterday we which is today for me now
but yeah I'm really excited about it I
think it's going to be a pretty cool
Channel and one of my cousins does a
similar thing on facebook it's called a
motivated mama so if you want to go
check that out to get motivated you need
to go checked it out because she lost
like hundreds of pounds she did like a
complete 180 change the way that she
lives her life out like in terms of
fitness and health so go check out her
her facebook page guys I'm gonna have a
link for her Facebook page below my new
YouTube channel and you know what I'm
also throw in another link I'm doing the
bony to beastly workout program and I'm
going to start doing that tonight with
the weights and everything like that so
if you guys want to check that out see
what it's about I have a link for it to
blow as well so check not let go check
them all out I feel like I just gave you
guys like a crapload of little link to
check out you can check about if you
want but if you don't watch it that's
cool too but yeah I'm just going on my
lunch break to do my hike get a little
workout in throughout the day and then
yeah I'm gonna feel great by Thomas over
cuz it's a nice brisk cold day again so
all in all I have to say I've had a
pretty good day the nice thing about
having your parents lived downstairs is
that enhance such an awesome mom she
makes you suffer such mean lasagna
and it's so nice cuz I have to work
tonight and so it's nice not have to
worry about dinner or anything like that
and I'm gonna do like some girl shopping
after work tonight um it was behind me
hey guys what's up so we finished eating
a delicious lasagna that Vicki's mom
made for us even abdomen mouth I both
liked it which I was super surprised
could right there like stuff and they're
like this is delicious the best thing
ever so they eat like tons of it ate so
much I'm so for that what huh oh really
right just two yeah just for look
there's a cut sorry what flash o is for
oh this for that way okey so I was weird
anyway so yeah okay so yeah I'm gonna
have to think so what Vicki's at work
but soon she gets home I have to start
my workout routine this is give me a
late night man I'm already tired too hey
guys so I just finished my first bony to
beastly workout and my arms are so sore
is hurt stole literally hurt so hold
this camera up right now it's a really
good worker and I think and if you guys
want to check it out there's a link
below in this video I just wanted to let
you guys know that on my other channel I
just did a weigh-in video so I kind of
measured all different parts of my body
and stuff like that so five weeks from
now I'm going to measure again and see
if there's been any significant change
so I feel like there's going to be
because of the pain I'm in right now the
hardest part of it was doing push-ups
believe it or not but like I had to do
three sets of 12 push up by the halfway
through the second set i was done on my
arms were so sore was like oh man this
was so bad and they show you how to do
all the workouts first on bony to
beastly so all this time I've been doing
push-ups I haven't been doing them
properly so when I saw the guy do it i
might go us a little bit every but not I
can't see making that much of a
difference I did it the way he did it
and it was a huge difference even the
first one I'm like ah but yeah so if you
guys want to check it out go check out
the link below and I'll take you to
their site but yeah I'm all the way guys
the workout has begun and soon I'm going
to be living a new
it lifestyle hey guys thanks for
watching the walk today don't forget to
subscribe leave some comments below and
give us a thumbs up if you liked this
video we would appreciate that also our
instagram facebook and twitter if you
want to check us out on those social
media sites as well and don't forget
guys really want to see some of those
comments below so we can get to know you
a lot better so we'll see you there
