hey guys it's Sunday afternoon and we
are leaving this messy house behind us
because after they clean it and they're
his neck or too lazy and too tired and
just not dealing with it right now and
we are going to the library very mainly
because we've run our internet for the
month so we've reached our maximum and I
still have to do all kinds of editing
for video stuff but we don't have enough
memory to go on the computer and we told
the kids like they don't get to go on
netflix for the next couple of days and
either do Nick and I but Nick and I are
going to do like a friends marathon we
thank me we dug out all of our seasons
of friends and we're probably just gonna
and probably on that oh yeah angry
battery was really good one too and yeah
Avenue you forgot various also guys
Avenue told us she said that she's a big
girl so what's wrong with all the movies
we have kids and I know the kid any made
me more grown-up kid movies and also I'm
going to be launching my channel
tomorrow so if you want to check it out
is Canadian family dad so youtube.com
slash Canadian family dad there's a link
below and you haven't already check out
Vicki channel youtube.com slash Canadian
family mom and we're going to decide
who's the coolest whoever gets the most
subscribers on those separate channels
is the coolest so far because we well I
started first you know but who doesn't
like pregnancy blogs way more
interesting I know because my vlog is
going to be about health wellness and
motivation so gonna be awesome oh I know
I'm color it's okay you can ascribe to
him out of pity it's totally fine no you
can't see the PT subscribe that's not
fair did you not pay subscribe well they
want genuine and I'll have a video up
later this week as well on my belly
update so stay tuned for that and you
have another surprise when coming out
this week you do i do with a surprise
yeah but uh has to do with facebook oh
yeah yes then I want your opinion so
stay tuned for that ok ok see you guys
later thanks for watching the one tank
sorry it wasn't very long enough
internet speed to upload waiting longer
when takes a day
bye guys
