and I'm going to turn on a light here to
look at how healthier eyes are the
little girl I do day care for her mom
brought some leftover ginger redd
decoration stuff and cookies so Levi and
the other little boy I watched her doing
that right now ya llega put it on the
cookie like all the yummy goodies all
these little mini chocolate tests and
mini M&MS and mini doob doob it's a good
one eh I'm gonna get that put on top yay
mom more yep hmm check it out guys
canyon tires got all their seeds out for
growing season we have to start planting
my stuff probably next month so I'm
pretty excited do you guys do gardening
what do you like to plant vegetables or
flowers I mainly do vegetables last year
I started to do flowers but I didn't
really go as well as I thought I was
going to but this year who knows maybe
it'll go better for both so cookie
decorating done now we're coloring are
you gonna colored purple purple good job
how high five hey good job yay oh hi
five Matthew hey five yeah here's all
the resolution gear I'm just here to get
a workout bench they don't have it on
the floor I had to go to the back and
get it but it comes with like 100 pounds
of weights and the bench in the bar and
stuff which is what i need for the
routine i signed up for so should be
good but show you the brand but this is
the Brando getting so it'll kind of be
like a combination of this one with some
weights so yeah hey guys so I'm just
going through the cupboards and making a
list for my grocery shop later that I
was supposed to do yesterday that did
not happen so I'm going through and I'm
organizing and you know making a list of
what I needed things that already have
and so I'm organizing all this stuff and
they come across I'm checking all the
see all the expiry dates and look guys
can you see that anyways that's my due
date August ninth 2015 when baby number
four is coming I always frightened that
cool whenever I like you know cereal box
or something like that
the date when your baby's gonna be born
so exciting hey guys so I just waited
there for like 30 minutes when the guy
was looking in the back and they just
called me up in there like sorry we
can't find you'll have to give you a
call we can fight it and their computer
says they have three in the moussaka
like how can you not find three like
what the heck man I've been having
really bad luck with retail lately and
the other store doesn't even have any in
stock and this like product is on the
front page of the flyer why don't you
have something in stock is on the front
page gyro flyer obviously you're gonna
have people that come in or move added
upset because they expect the number one
thing on the front page is gonna be in
the store actually like the other store
demon have any from the beginning why
would you why wouldn't you order some
when is give me enough front page the
fire that's what I understand me by
woodside garbage Chuck gaypics check so
so funny as I'm watching like Levi watch
the girls check out the window ah they
didn't take one of our bags and this
were playing like a notice on it and so
are like rats hi I'm like why are you
taking our bag they're like it's missing
a tag and I'm like are you sure and so
then I checked them both and so somehow
i think when my mom put hers out she
forgot Chris hang on hey just a second
and we hadn't put our we only put a tag
on one of the bags and you're all are
one free bag so I was like oh we'll get
your tag right now so I didn't miss it
thankfully oh another huge big bag of
garbage not taken no thank you guys I'm
so proud of myself so I had exactly one
hour actually a little bit last night to
drive here to get all my girl shopping
done so i decided that i was going to go
to walmart and you all my price matching
i was gonna just burn through it and get
it done and i did and i'm so proud of
myself and I stay within budget to only
send 160 793 an illusion trying to
budget like 160 every week hey guys is
everything that I got her huge sale on
cereal waffles wrong sale I was excited
about that bread cheese potatoes diapers
Kleenex laundry detergent 167 latte I
think
okay so how many have this thing at her
school today called the chef Nicole call
and supposed to be like a French pastry
that they got to me ebony has it right
here did you make the cream too did you
make the cream yeah so you made the
cream and the the jam there and then
like a cookie what's it like oh well
you're enjoying it dip it in all of it
wait yes okay looks good I wasn't sure
if I could be whipped cream not a French
pastry I was trying to remember like
what it was was as i read was it watery
was it blotchy did he have some meat
like I couldn't remember exactly about
it I just remember being awful and I'm
having to have dropped so come on and
sit forward I want you sitting towards
the edge of your chair if you want you
can stand on that is it easier to stand
there Exeter hey in there and let's
lower this down to your height so just
like you did in the other room you're
going to hold on to these bars down here
you see where my hand side get one and
two men let's put your tune up on that
shelf so that its resting right down on
the shelf but your for gets to reach the
top job buddy that is that ok so you're
going to close your eyes like you're
sleeping and i'm going to turn on a
light here to look at how healthier eyes
are so these are just some little lights
okay
ja can you open up your eyes now likes
not so bright it's not as hard as you
think there you go yeah don't live your
head just your eyes can you look up high
to the ceiling oh oh nope just your eyes
remember your head stays their foreheads
touching flies open looking up high
there you go bud don't slide malachi
stay still you're doing it on purpose i
can see you pushing yourself down i have
no concerns over all right that I berry
picking out something what do you see
which one do you like to win Diego
Diego's good look at all my books I got
guys and all these books put on hold for
me I'm so excited okay guys it's kind of
dark during the parking lot hey stop
touching people's cars um but I wanted
to show you my greatest achievement of
all time today I'm so proud of myself
but like I said we're in a parking lot
so wait till you see what I did wait
till you see it I gotta prove it because
Nick don't believe it reverse parked now
look that much space on this side and
that much space on this side and
perfectly straight and there were two
cars beside me hey guys thanks for
watching a blog today don't forget to go
check out Big D's new channel creating a
family mom and if you're new to the
channel thanks for checking us know
don't forget to subscribe leave some
comments below because that's not a
favorite way to get to know you guys's
through the comments so if you see a
comment of ours on another channel you
want to say hi you want to leave a
comment on that go ahead and do that or
if you want to leave some comments on
the video today below go ahead and do
that too because then we'll respond and
we'll get start to get to know each
other a little better so I'll see you
guys in the comments
