hey guys what's up so the kids are in
the kitchen and I'm trying to clean up
so I think it's time to bring back the
wind blaster hey guys bad news so I get
home and Vicki's like at him flogged at
all day cuz she's been so headachy she's
got the worst headache look at her she
just lying here on the couch taking a
little snooze her head pounding with
pain and i was right prompted i was
thinking i can't wait to go home i'm so
glad pickiest have to go to work city
cuz i have the worst headache do ah
spaghett news is today on my life break
I did 2.5 kilometer high take that
workout challenge so I'm pretty excited
about that because I did probably like
half an hour which I don't know if
that's impressive for now but for me I'm
impressed with myself so 30 minutes two
point five kilometers so I'm not trying
to have press the week and then next
week I'm going to try and do three
kilometers but the kids are just
downstairs from Vicki's mom highly a
change in that I would ask her to see
what everybody's doing and yeah I don't
know if it's probably gonna be a really
short vlog today because we're is
already five o'clock and we're only just
starting so you guys ever go over on
your rogersville I do and I had to
figure out what the heck to do because I
can't it's just my internet bill not my
cell phone so I figure what the heck I'm
going to do to get this Billy thing
figure it out so yeah I'm on the phone
with them now and I'm on hold and I'm
going to find out hey guys come on give
me some free data hey guys so Vicki's
mom went ahead and made supper for
everybody those delicious as Vicki's
she's still sleeping sneak up on mal guy
I'm gonna tickle you I'm gonna tickle
yeah I'm gonna tickle you until you
can't anymore not shaking it gotcha
gotcha hey guys what's up so the kids
are in the kitchen and I'm trying to
clean up so I think it's time
bring back the wind blaster data I
kitchen unless you want to get wind
blasted hey like 10 apples wind blast ha
problem solved again so I had like these
two plans and things I wanted to do
tonight and because i was in charge with
the kids and stuff tonight i wasn't able
to do them which is kind of a bummer
because no not it and the problem is you
don't want to be too noisy when you're
the only parent because when they wake
up you need to kind of stop whatever
you're doing and be attentive to them so
wasn't one of the things are going to
change the downstairs room into a
workout room couldn't do it the other
thing was I was going to bake apple
chips so we're going to try baking apple
chips it was going to be so good
probable and I was able to do that
either because I want to have I'm going
to video it so I needed to have my key
lighting and all that guy so go and I
didn't want to get it all out and then
have somebody wake up and then I can't
use it all up it all back this is a
little bit of work to do it all but yeah
so I'm a little bit bummed that I get it
didn't get to do that stuff tonight but
I'm going to try and have it so I can do
it 2moro next Vicki supposed to be home
tomorrow night too so fingers crossed
says she's feeling better and this
doesn't feel like go ahead a key in sick
tomorrow and I can get those things that
so yeah sorry if the vlog wasn't as long
as normal today don't forget stay tuned
for tomorrow I will remember to take my
camera to work tomorrow I'll see you
guys then hey guys thanks for watching
I'll walk today don't forget to go check
out big piece new channel Canadian
family mom and if you're new to the
channel thanks for checking us out don't
forget to subscribe leave some comments
below because that's our favor way to
get to know you guys is through the
comments so if you see a comment of ours
on another channel you want to say hi
you want to leave comment on that go
ahead and do that or if you want to
leave some comments on the video today
below go ahead knees I too because then
we'll respond and we're going to start
to get to know each other a little
better so see you guys in the comments
