guys think he went to the ultrasound
appointment got a picture hey guys
what's up so today Vicki is going to the
doctor's to find out how far along she
is and then she's gonna start doing her
pregnancy update videos bye week and
it's gonna be pretty good she's
launching it on our home channel we
don't know why we're gonna call yet
though but we have a couple of ideas
what I don't want to say it to get you
guys confusing you know what's the
channel but yeah so she's gonna do that
today and I'm gonna find out with her
and we're really excited and today to if
for some reason if there was more than
one baby she would find that out today
so I'm really really excited I can't
wait to go home and hear the news hey
good morning guys stay it's just me and
Levi no daycare kids until after school
hours and I got two boys to watch so it
should be a little bit rambunctious in
this house with three older boys but
we'll see how it goes Levi just came out
smiling the biggest piece smile at me I
buddy so my mom's home today so I am
actually going to my first ultrasound
appointment and I'm pretty excited
because I finally get to see a little
little peanut and I don't know if I can
hear the heartbeat today or not I don't
know what's gonna happen but i'll let
you know how it goes um pretty sure it's
just one baby but the other thing that
we can find out neva i just took my sock
off and I was trying it the other one
look at him he's a little monkey what do
you think you're doing look I am getting
this sock off of you do you put my sock
back on yeah no you don't know how to do
it hey guys how's it going so today I
have to go for lunch because
we don't have any food in the house or
we have food but we don't have any bread
I usually make like a sandwich bring it
to work but we'd have any French so I'm
like running around like I don't know
what to take now it was like completely
stumped so Vicki had some coupons for
McDonald's and stuff so she's I just go
for lunch I was like okay I'm so I go
get a big mac and then I think it may be
on Monday I'm gonna try and start my new
workout routines and stuff like that I'm
still trying to figure it out it's
complicated man like I'm trying to do
this new program and the amount of like
reading an actual research I have to do
first like is quite a bit so I have to
learn all these new exercises have to
learn the new eating stuff that I'm
supposed to do I have to learn though
the recipes that I have to make its kind
of complicated a lot more so that I
thought it was going to be I was gonna
be like just like a video i watch it
look here do this now you're gonna get
fit so no that'll be easy okay so I got
my food mcdonalds to do a drive-through
and ask no cheese no onions in extra mac
sauce and what do they give me extra
cheese extra onions and extra mac sauce
like come on how r is your job you can't
friggin listen all you have to do is
listen and punch it in the computer
another to draw back to mcdonalds
exchange it for another one that's got
to be one of the most frustrating things
when you order fast food and then they
make it all wrong thank God mary i wish
i lived closer to your friggin
McDonald's dude I would go there all the
time is because I know I get top quality
service cuz i think you said you're a
manager there once so yeah does this
ever happen in your restaurant like do
they ever just make it completely wrong
like that let me know in the comments so
when I believe I goes out with my mom
she always get some french fries from
McDonald's
what's in the bag you're gonna be french
fries I get one look at my French bag
why are you looking it so hot
no it's okay i have my bite 20 no I
don't want it
well this is the shot hey guys my days
about to get really crazy I am just here
at the school and I'm going to pick up
to rowdy grade 1 boys who are like my
friends I'm picking them up and then I
got my own Browdy little boy to pick up
so my day just went from having sweet
little Levi and being all quiet and
having his nap time and trying to catch
up on blogs and commenting back to your
comments and now i'm just going to be in
chaos mode for the next three hours so
should be fine wish me luck do you guys
ever wonder what it's like to drive in
Canada well here it is welcome to good
old Canadian highway driving still doing
110 hundred twenty
yeah this isn't really that bad you get
a lot worse worse road conditions and
this usually but yeah this is your
standard snowing winter days on your
drive home every night again d is stuck
behind someone is going so frickin slow
you're like get out of the way because
you can still drive like the roads are
drivable they're not slippery or
anything it's just snow man just relax
so yeah this is what is like just keys
you're wondering one of my favorite
things to do is to play Lego he does a
stable here like the whole time such a
boy thing already it's on the floor
already up on the floor is he gonna
drive it you're funny guys binky went to
the ultrasound appointment got a picture
of the baby look you can actually like
see the baby it looks really cute look
is a little head right there and you can
see it's like eyes and nose and
everything can you guys see it you can
see like the eye socket the nose the
chubby cheeks at all of our kids have
does it have the chubby cheeks as you
can look right there see how white spot
no that's totally a chubby cheeks and
there's like then there's a chubby cheek
right there there's a nose those eyes
this is actually the head here no I'm
not I know what my kids look like that's
the chubby cheeks that's so cute I'm so
excited I thought I was gonna be friends
this one baby but I'm a little
disappointed on twins but I'm not like
disappointed that I'm having a kid but
yeah if you guys want to watch that hole
Vicki's trip to the ultrasound and
everything you're gonna have to go to
her channel I'm going to give a link to
it below so we're gonna decide on the
channel name tonight so they'll be a
link below in tomorrow's vlog or the one
you're watching right now I love my
daughter so much she's in the other room
plane we smash brothers with the two
older boys and she's there
you have to settle down you have to be
quiet we need to use our manners when
we're playing and you just need to calm
it down okay I not good upset thanks
I'll make oh wait I'll make it work
we'll figure it out oh she's is awesome
so we're going to try watching mary
poppins with the kids tonight for family
movie night I haven't seen it in like
years but I like remember all the songs
and stuff and really seeing them to a
venir like mama got her told her I sing
the songs during the movie so we've got
the projector we got the movie up on the
wall should be good hey guys new force
of law hey don't forget to subscribe if
you haven't already and don't forget to
follow us on twitter instagram and
facebook cuz your bonus content on there
plus we love to read your comments so
don't be afraid to like leave your
comments below so Levi and I can get to
know you guys see you in the comments
