you guys loving watching little baby may
see gains and it keeps like copying the
stuff that kitty is doing with me hahaha
my stuff is so cute hey guys so both the
boys are down for their nap and i'm
debating if i should take one or not
like i'm pretty tired but i also have
things that i could get done but
sometimes just so nicest to just forget
it all and just go have a nap how long
what is a nap supposed to be because i
kidnapped for a long time and i don't
know if i should nap so I'm just
debating it anyway so now it's like one
o'clock and i have to leave here at like
ten after two so i have like a good hour
but then I'm thinking well if I had that
our would I wake up and like be so
groggy and worse off than i was before i
even having a nap what do you guys
normally do do do you guys nap when you
have an opportunity to or do you just
stay awake get past it so you can go to
bed at a good time at night so i have my
cell group tonight and because we got
together like before before christmas I
wasn't prepared like with my cards or my
gifts or anything like that so when I
julene is tonight we're getting together
so I'm gonna fake the brownies in the
brownie pan my Pampered Chef which are
awesome because then you get all the
same size and you can put different
things on them that people don't like
kind of thing so like you can put like
walnuts on some of them but if I don't
like walnuts I don't put walnuts on
these ones or input chocolate chips and
some of them and not on this side I
really love them I've made that for my
cell group before and they were like
these are the best brownies I've ever
had because they cook so great in this
little pan too anyway so I'm going to
make those and that's gonna be like my
gift to everybody and I'm gonna let them
know that come next Christmas there will
be four kids and see how they react I
will try to get it on camera i don't
know if i will or not but we will see
anyways always exciting telling people
the facebook world still doesn't know
guys it is so cold outside it's like
minus 35 so we arranged for me
van and I have all five car seats in the
van and thankfully bought booster seat
so I got the three booster seats in the
back and then I've got the two car seats
with the little boys i jus de here for
and then leave I anyway so we're leaving
at like 213 want to leave it to 10 to go
with you can get a good parking spot so
you can get right out to the doors kind
of thing so I don't have to take them
out of our car seat so I can just yell
like hey Malik I over here kind of thing
so wish me luck we'll see how I do
normally I don't leave until this time
when we're walking and schools not out
for another like 20 minutes I'm gonna be
waiting a while but I want a good spot
hey guys what's up so today Vicki I
think is ditching again where you going
tonight Vicki cellular group so she has
a group of girls is she meets with and
they get together and talk about how
cool I am it's a pretty cool group and
so she's meeting with them tonight and
she made brownies they already know I
already eat them you should know that
does she hahaha that's so smart anymore
are you Vikki we're at the tacos one of
my favorite meals I'm like losing my
voice guys terrible I hate losing my
voice is like one of the worst things to
lose so that's what's happened in
tonight I need to take my base in to get
the action lowered because it's because
of the weather and so drying here and
all my instruments are like working a
little bit so I gotta do that I wanted
to do tonight but I can't cuz Vicki's
going out what are you doing get off of
the table look at her rocking out with
the guitar though he climbs up on the
table and starts jamming out on the
guitar like so hardcore are you loud are
you rock stars have been on the table
you are a rock star you can just come in
here and do whatever you want like a
rock star hey are you loud on the table
get down no come on
get out you can rock out on the ground
when you become a famous rock star this
would be a funny video here rock it out
on the ground ready done it's not the
same i know that's team whoa rock star
smashes stuff getting hardcore oh it's
try to get you look at his base didn't
get mom no hahaha don't he's get you so
hard oh no activate I was partially
they're just watching Collin and Katie
and you guys loving watching little baby
may see gains and it keeps like copying
stuff that kitty is doing with me what's
up is so cute again kisses to baby jane
kisses thank you you it was the baby
where's the baby wait are you gonna
see us all my gut hurts us for the
target was hungry and then she
hey guys I don't know if you can see me
that well I put the lights on but it's
pretty dark cycle em o'clock at night I
just got home from cell group it was
awesome I told all my girls about the
baby and they're really excited but I'm
driving and I'm going to the house that
we meet at and I can't see out the
window because it's really dirty as you
can see it I don't see a foggy it is he
all those streaks there were the latest
yeah that okay and you know when you're
driving and then the lights from the
other cars come at you and then it like
blinds your windshield you can't really
see and that's when you need to push the
button and get your washer fluid going
yeah well I didn't have any thanks a lot
Nicholas I had no washer fluid so I
couldn't see and I'm like driving so
like cautious and like I'm on the
highway and I'm like watching the
corners I'm like sitting like right up
like this like an old lady it was scary
guys but then I am I stopped at the
person's house and we had washer fluid
in our trunk and I was so proud of
myself guys but I opened the hood and
then my one of my friends at least she
pulled up in front of me and then she
would like offered to help so she like
she helped me out to with it um and then
like show because I I was pretty sure I
knew where the white washer fluid went
but I didn't want to make a mistake and
then she knew where it went so then she
helped me out and she was like yeah
right here and then I was gonna record
it all to like show you guys hey check
me out I'm pouring the washer fluid and
I'm doing in my own car you know kind of
thing and I couldn't even hold the
camera long enough because my hands
we're gonna fall off from the cold I'm
telling you it is so cold outside guys
like I could not feel my fingers when I
was pouring the washer fluid and I was
like hurry up and it took like the whole
bottle it was awful so cold but watch
this check it out ready hey my washer
fluid oh if you put it in the wrong spot
after all I don't know washer fluid
still I bet you nixed so mad at me
because I took the camera with me
tonight I'm thinking that I was gonna
blog my girls but they were all like in
their sweats and
their slippers and stuff like that and
they didn't want to be on camera so I
didn't do it but anyways he's probably
so mad at me he's probably like looking
for the memory card of a camera and like
where I should I need to edit the vlog
and now it's like eleven o'clock and i'm
sure he's probably in bed or he's gonna
yell at me when i get in the door I'm
will see him SE the houses too because I
left it in a disaster and I know Nick
had a headache so I hope I'm not going
home to a big mess so guys Nick stayed
up and waited for me because you wanted
to get the vlog out for you guys he's so
tired look eg1 my brow each other my
discarding with some extra baronies I'm
ridiculously tired yeah anything clean
the kitchen so I am coming home to a
mess look he even left the meat out TTT
but the meat away hey Mike okay in my
defense costs yeah but now I gotta deal
with this at eleven o'clock at night
night tired in my defense Levi was up
like the entire night he only just went
to bed was finally sleeping not too long
ago because he misses mommy's mom
will tan clean the bathroom and the
letter was he he wasn't same ones
borderless you can think that anymore
thanks for watching my vlog today guys
don't forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and check us out on facebook
instagram and twitter if you want some
bonus content plus if you haven't
already startling some comments below so
we can get to know you guys a little bit
better alright see you in the comments
