which one do you want
so we are finally on our way it's like
two o'clock in the afternoon so we've
been like just lazing around all morning
and credit the afternoon we design take
the kids to mcdonalds for supper instead
of lunch since because it's a late start
to the day we're on our way finally and
we forgot the stroller to the chair at
upstream go out get the stroller now so
Vicki totally tricked me into coming
into his big long day she's like I'm
like let's go to chapters I know she
does is the work going to that town
where them so we're going to chapters do
because kids have gift cards to the
bookstore there so we're gonna go pick
up some books speak so they can use
their gift cards you got for Christmas
and then Vicki all of a sudden starts
loading up this giant bag I'm like what
are we doing now we're going to like 12
different stores do all kinds of returns
in all kinds of boring crap like get
down and we're already down there I
don't want to do that I'm not feeling
good I'm feeling sick all morning what
so yeah that's what we're doing today
what do you guys normally do on New
Year's Eve like we usually don't do
anything so it doesn't wash her memories
house and kids are welcome and stuff too
but yeah I don't know we might go we
don't usually go out usually just stay
home me and Vicki because of the kids
and stuff and then we just hang around
watch movies we usually don't need a
stamp to midnight yeah when we are lived
in Calgary we had lots of fun what do we
do we went to Brighton Marianne's or
aerial Manson oh dude we hung out
together I remember yeah that's what
we're gonna do tomorrow so what're you
guys doing apparently only the girls are
ready to shop yeah valachi's asleep
leave I'll asleep daddy away daddy's
asleep awake he's starting to wake up so
tired he's tired maokai starting wake up
now i'm so glad that right here cuz i
had a very sick yes she's complaining
the whole way car yeah so we ready go
shopping yeah yeah there we go so out of
all the books and all the toys ebony
bringing this hair chalk pens to put
color in her hair that's what you want
to get with your money yes I'm with me I
was thinking you should get your first
chapter book look at early reader six to
eight that's you you don't want to get
your first chapter book no leave I found
where did you find the vibe to to go to
put the note floor where you see all the
trucks and dreams now what's a big truck
yeah you want that trash that might be
more than ten dollars beneath an evite
there you go
what are you going to bear or beaver
open is it uh-huh know what the bear
haha how much is it 30 on what believe I
found these like balls stuffed animals
that he really likes anybody did you
pick a stuffed animal that you want for
the ball one which one do you want both
these ones he was both he wants a fishy
and material they're like little balls
aren't they that's fun that's what Levi
might get with his money guys I think
the ball is busier now today than it was
during Christmas Eve when I was here
last time it was the eve before
Christmas Eve and it was way busier
there's way busier now than it was that
like just crazy we went to the old navy
okay the lineup was around the store and
then back to the back of the store is it
was crazy
so you say forget it we're not going to
go there so we're just going to go I'm
going to get something through the food
court then we're going to take the kids
to the mcdonald street that we promised
them a little video buddy be way but i
can make a video well card you want to
make a video mr. video one handle it
handle yeah yeah are you feeling sick
tired 40 eating
meeting Susan watch those chicken
vishals is it good and where are we at
Grantham all still his mommy wanted to
go to Old Navy do a return and after
this we are given go to mcdonough the
kids finally got their wish dinner at
mcdonald excited yes yes what are you
gonna eat
things that you like for thick fog and
I'll say okay nike photos yes what do
you have in your hand again yes I know
because we have all these free coupons
that expire tomorrow okay so guys let's
check it out like we're not gonna use
all this by tomorrow so I'm gonna go
walk around well maybe avenue oakland
with me L thief I think we can just
share share the wealth here and you can
see if there's any other kids that want
a free ice cream colors anything here
they go hand out free coupons for ice
creams and apple pies that kids bunk
here's a yes
checking what I god this is the best day
of my life how many friends you have in
your mouth oh my goodness malizia
gallery again that's too much just
shuffling them back yeah that's a lot of
fries news dude those are big ice creams
cleanup big guys bigger than your land
this amount that goes up to the front he
goes these books we take security this
one's for me and this one's for the ride
haha no more cool if cold hey guys
thanks for watching my box they don't
forget to subscribe if you already have
this subscribe and also you can check us
out on facebook twitter and instagram
we'd love to see those comments if you
want to leave some message to us down
below so we can get back to you and get
to know you a lot better see you in the
comments
