is this what your house looks like after
Christmas gifts have come through and
you've had no time to clean or organize
or anything because you've been helping
go to all the Christmas function
hey guys so I tried to get the new iPad
Mini 2 and I can't I am stuck with this
original one which isn't bad but I
really wanted the extra memory and the
faster processor I'm gonna open it up
now because nobody will exchange it for
me I called so many stores and nobody
will do it even the Apple store I called
I went there they said no and then I
called back and explain to why I can't
change it now and they still said
there's nothing they can do so I'm a
little bummed but also really pumped at
the same time is like a weird mixed
emotions type of thing going on so I'm
gonna open it up and have some fun
Japanese opening up another wonderful
Presidency hasn't opened yet which one
is it it's hard eh there's a lot of
different spots just make sure you put
those scissors away when you're done
okay I see what she looks like
Oh although I'm making a point of
getting little odd jobs done things that
I put off doing because hard dude with
all the kids around and stuff where
Nick's home and now I can get it done so
I'm busy organizing the bathroom and all
the stuff that we've had and all the
cupboards and the bottom shelves and
stuff and I'll mist up in here all
really really messy up here and up there
I've already arised the top shelf with
my cleaning stuff and then some extra
stuff in a container like extra blow
dryers curling iron and stuff like that
ya know I'm just busy throwing all this
stuff I've thrown out so much stuff
already that's expired like all this
stuff's expired don't feel like the
cytokines are like 2012 I fear all that
stuff out I'm almost done but it's the
bigger job than I thought it was give me
a lot longer to finish but it's ok it
feels so much better when it's done the
boys are practicing their kung-fu skills
to see your kung-fu moves they're Levi
whoa whoa oh my goodness look out
boy he's even got the noise in to the hi
guys and everything I really need to put
this kid in karate
yes we're cleaning up the Christmas
decorations today because Christmas is
now over and we want to put them away
and we have to go through some toys
maybe today and figure out which things
two kids no longer play with that we can
give away to someone else because we got
a lot of toys over Christmas so that's
what we're doing today how long do you
guys leave your Christmas decorations up
after Christmas we usually leave them up
for a while but this year we're taking
their download bit early because Abney's
scared of the monster from rudolph and
she keeps says all these decorations
reminder of it and she hasn't been
sleeping at night he's been terrible and
this what your house looks like after
Christmas gifts have come through and
you've had no time to clean or organize
or anything because you've been able to
go to all the business function
because we have a disaster house right
now although as I showed you this
morning I made a point of cleaning out
the bathroom cupboard I did now she's
organizing on the toei buckets can you
pull a pee out of Levi's ear you don't
eat it
guys look at Nick's shirt World's
Greatest Dad yep and it's true thank you
you're welcome
the well-deserved shirt he's allowed to
wear it we make so many today guys clean
up the entire house I'll show you and
after it is like because I just made
supper so I have like all my supper
dishes everywhere but after that we left
and I'll show you the after because I
show you the before but we're exhausted
we've been cleaning non-stop the kids
have been so good helping and cleaning
up their toys and put stuff away and
Nick was good to me vacuumed and made me
a pantry and everything okay guys so
here's our little pantry area that we
have there's all Biggie's pampered chef
stuff that's like our decorations and
seasonal things back there and suitcases
and this is the shelf that I kind of put
together for Vicky today to put like
different grocery stuff before was all
just piled on the bottom now it's like
this nice little storage shelf that she
can use and this shelf was actually my
greenhouse memory my greenhouse I got
caved in and destroyed I'm still sad
about it well this shelf is the remains
of the greenhouse
they took parts of it apart and cut
different the wires and things like that
to put together a nice little shelf here
for a week
to store some groceries and extra stuff
so yeah that's what I did Vicki doesn't
usually make popcorn out of the hot
popcorn steamer thingy she really makes
I have a bag and she into this
thing it's built all over the floor
good work Vicki salt on it yeah I put
salt on it usually she just makes the
ones that come out of the bag I usually
make this and I add the butter I don't
know you never asked me all I said and I
heard the popcorn popping and then this
happened okay guys here's the after shot
NIC's editing so behind them loves this
is like the third vlog I've edited in a
row yeah guys like a shorter vlogs or
longer vlogs this vlogs like 10 mins
long and I'm trying to shake us some
stuff out of it or is it good like this
10 minutes long what do you guys like to
watch we've been non-stop like just go
go go go just trying to make sense of
the mess because it was literally like
we had a tornado go through our house
that's how messy it was I'm just really
grateful to be able to relax now and I'm
really tired it's 8:30
and I'm ready for bed but instead Nick
and I are going to watch a movie that
we've been wanting to see for a while
and it's called pitch perfect have you
guys seen it is it any good
we're really excited to watch it we've
been waiting for each other to be ready
to watch it so we're gonna go do that
right no hey guys don't forget to
subscribe to our channel right now
because if you do we will become instant
friends because you can leave comments
below and I can respond if we get to
know each other and that's what
friendship is all about
so go ahead leave some comments below
check us out on Instagram Facebook and
Twitter and don't forget we'll see you
in the comments
