oh good good man
okay so I'm just on my way to the apple
store she swapped out this ipad Vicki
got me because I wanted a newer upgraded
version so she got me the old one but
she really get we got for free but they
said I can bring it back in and exchange
it out so I'm gonna try and do that
quickly because we have to be back to
leave to my parents house in like an
hour so and where are we have to go to
exchange it is like 30 minutes away so
after rush hey guys so it's ten o'clock
in the morning we have to leave the
house at twelve o'clock to go to my
in-laws place for I'm a big lunch /
dinner / christmas celebration and I am
rushing around I was asked to bring
spinach dip because my mother-in-law
loves it and so I'm rushing around and
they're making it almost finished off
with my lovely pampered chef food
chopper that made it so easy to get done
which I'm very grateful for now I gotta
whip up the dip put in the fridge so
that it gets cold cuz supposed to be
overnight I didn't have time to get
anything last night so I had to put in
the fridge like as fast as I can huh and
then I still gotta pack got the cute get
the kids ready gotta get myself ready
like have so much to do in less than two
hours I hate rushing like this okay so
they won't exchange it this aft I go to
bestbuy to changes so here we go guys I
just had my first bout of morning
sickness that was the grossest feeling
ever I hate throwing up with a passion
all three of my pregnancies I was never
sick not once not one nauseous feeling
not once this one I'm getting nauseous
all the time it's not fair that's
totally not there I was making them the
spinach dip for my mother-in-law and I
was mixing the dip and all of a sudden
this wave of nausea came over me and I
had to put the spoon down and we run to
the bathroom and then I p.m. okay so
happening is helping me out by switching
the dip to a different Bowl because the
lid can find a lid for the other Bowl so
she's helping me mix it hey that's it it
looks like a nice that's especially i'm
using the spatula to put the thing in
said that a book yeah we have a proper
loop okay here thank you and I just
can't even look at it without feeling
sick so there's something about that Oh
what's in there the dip I don't know
that made me feel sick so now
I'm like ooh great because we're giving
my grandma all right Levi has to sit in
the back Levi are you sitting in the
back one he's like I lineup in that spot
man you want to go sit in your spot in
the back with malachi there you go in
the back like a big boy yeah is a be
your new spot who is your step up there
cool man yeah that's your spot she's
fine oh yeah cool eh is that cool spot
no no they grow up so fast okay we're
finally ready to go we have to get going
Vicky's taking a little while to get
everything sorted come on Vicky's
pregnant oh yeah that's why she's
pregnant Vicky blames everything on
being pregnant the day after we found
out she's like oh it's because I'm i
can't remember this stuff here Vicky you
forgot your tablet in the back cuz
you're pregnant love you happy birthday
hey maybe that'll get a birthday present
he says he get ready to present those
choppers are expensive man but she wants
it now so I thought it's better to give
it her now that make her way to her
birthday it's like if you were gonna
give someone an ipad it'd be better just
to give it to him right away to make him
wait till Christmas or something wait
one week one week of torture no I
haven't opened yet so no one's gonna
exchange it for the newer model for me
so I'm just gonna be stuck with the one
I have which isn't bad but I kind I was
looking forward to the new one so abney
has the back seat all to herself so she
decided she's gonna relax
just taking it easy back there at me
yeah just got your feet up just chillin
out well don't enjoy it for too long cuz
we're gonna get Grammy soon okay so we
just got to my parents house and it's
gonna be awesome already I can tell cuz
josh is here from Jay Jason music check
it out leaked blow he doesn't upload any
videos though so you make a disappointed
only a few don't in your face what was
the last time you uploaded though he's
Canadian boys and always the last time
you upload it doesn't matter win yeah
there's a long time ago yeah they are
there so if you want to learn basic
piano that's where you need to go right
now cuz that's where the videos are up
oh I hate you that's what's up right you
don't hate you Merry Christmas so josh
is about to ask the kids a really
important question do you want to be the
ring bearer at my lady no no no you just
saying that cuz of apni do you want to
be the person that carries the wedding
ring all the way to fry and gives it to
uncle Josh yeah that'd be awesome you
should dress up and in your head you can
play rock and roll music he liked
undetected I'm bring it in the ring cool
eh so you can do that yours more
important question who's hiding the
corner honestly oh I'm like looking in
the corner over there like the one you
can't be talking about toying buggy I
so yeah that's that's it for the vlog so
let us let us know II think should have
any am al Qaeda be in the wedding yeah
good blog I read my book so we're just
having Christmas dinner with my phones
and look at how good it is mm-hmm best
Christmas near yet easily thanks mom
yeah well seems so much better next year
when you graduate work is inflated a
lame hey I up and I lied to deter them
some now levi's blogging thank you hey
are you boggy hey everyone
good good man good hey are you
blogging not even on his plate just
taking it right from the dish nothin
dude hey right now the main serving dish
that's a lot of a lot of corn yes it is
yeah but he's moving the mac live in the
mac closer to win oh good trying to you
by yeah yeah yeah yeahs sleep
no okay we're playing charades is Vicki
sir is really funny you can't point it a
game the thing we did yet oh man what
you guys dominating around they got the
easy card mail letter birthday cake
candle eat ice cream cake yeah nice that
for I love how do is we we haven't lost
one set forth oh hey guys thanks for
watching the vox hey don't forget to
subscribe if you already haven't
subscribe and also you can check us out
on facebook twitter and instagram we'd
love to see those comments if you want
to leave some message to us down below
so we can get back to you and get to
know you a lot better see you in the
comments
