okay we have one more present for you
guys and it's a really big surprise so
we have to find the present where is it
I don't see it it's not under the tree I
promise I don't let's kill it no it's in
the Librium okay let's play hot/cold
okay you're getting cold malachi you're
freezing cold albany you're getting
freezing to you have to cover this way
back I getting warmer Malkar you're hot
keep moving around okay black eyes on
fire mark has a fire how many you're
gonna blow up your fire no surprise
she's so happy that's really surprises
me haven't you happy are you happy are
you so happy i hear ya gonna have two
babies Bobby so excited Vicki at means
crying she's so excited I'm happy too
sweetheart he's so happy okay oh happy
happy happy is ready so loved a boy yeah
well you come on your show excited no I
know he's you really wanted to have
another baby didn't you oh boy this is
surprise is that a best Christmas
present we're a happy you guys are happy
this baby love the best big sister yeah
Levi
you're gonna be a big brother he's like
I don't know what's gonna I don't like
you're still doing is baby yeah yes sir
haven't another one here we go let the
adventure begin
