very few died are dead
the precious Lord Jesus down his
are we taking down our baking goodies to
Grandma and Grandpa downstairs so we
don't I thumbprint cookies muffins it
tastes like donuts our short bread
dipped in chocolate the icing on the
sugar cookies and then a plain one and I
chocolate chip shortbread cookies p
gonna we'll go see what they think okay
let's take the cookies grandma grandpa
Wow who made these I do you make him to
millikin yes the balance for you that
was for me oh thank you very much we had
a baking marathon yesterday she did a
variety hey guys I'm home from work cuz
today was only a half day and the kids
are just eating up some lunch and then
we're gonna open our Christmas Eve
family presents do you guys open gifts
on Christmas Eve heard you just wait
till Christmas Day we like to open one
crystalline and we're gonna start making
that one a family present so the whole
family has something to do together
after opening its give me pretty awesome
guess what Vicky's going to be a crazy
person has going out today to the Stover
I would like to buy groceries or
anything i oughtta go print off my
Christmas pictures it's still crazy last
minute I went past the grocery store
because we can print them at our girls
choice this particular grow store had
the parking lot full from the front of
the store all the way to the street it
is never like that a Vicki yeah I've
never seen it like that and it's so
jam-packed it's like ridiculous so
Vicki's gonna go there this afternoon
Gary but to open our Christmas Eve
present hey our way back out back up
well they got away from mom hey wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
everybody back everybody stop whoa whoa
wait wait a second wait are you raising
it wait wait a second okay this is a
Christmas Eve present for the whole
family to enjoy okay this isn't just for
one person okay open it up yeah doesn't
want people he's a paper for everybody
to go
ah no I just say this for everybody it's
a wii game but it's one that we use the
board with we could play different games
any fine do you guys think that'd be
fine you want to try it okay then you
will try it let's do it ok so we're
playing the new Wii Fit game and there's
like wait last new game so I thought
there was gonna be all new games with
their fight like five or six new games
on it I was kind of disappointed but
here goes about guys playing a game hey
I'm fine don't get stuck in the CN go
really fast run it's pretty fun game so
we're all dressed up and I'm ready to go
I'm ready to go maokai you're looking
good what do you look like Maggie look I
gaddi yes oh you're already too looking
good yeah Vicki's ready to go anyhoo
yeah I'll dressed up ready to go Abby's
got her Christmas Eve oh she's playing
the game still she got her Christmas Eve
dress on she looks really pretty she got
the top score in this game and I can't
beat her she was like super good at it
she's like unstoppable a few of you have
asked for our caramel popcorn recipe and
I have put it on our website Canadian
family vlog calm and i'll put a link to
it in the description below if you want
to get that recipe for the caramel
popcorn it's so delicious so you can
check it out making yourself over the
Christmas holiday all right I over here
just setting up for sound check these
are is the backdrop still owe it kind of
fell down top up from the production a
Sunday
so yeah really good night who died are
the precious Lord Jesus his sweet
got a candle for the candlelight service
oh look at that guy will their own a
bell shake the Bell take it easy kid
yeah look at my handsome boy malaki I'll
just have this tie like Daddy and Levi's
all dressed up in his vest Benet's got
sneakers from the red we're just going
to mix aunts house and we're going to
pretend that we're Christmas carolers
and sing as long as you can open the
door for us we're going to boys come let
earth receive her King guys check out
okay he's had so much food and sugar and
now he's just burned out my Peggy tired
you want to go back home and go to bed
that you're tuckered me oh here's the
new generation of dating you just say if
you saw each other and text each other
back before they don't even hear it his
name is going on outside oh I like Oh
John you're so good as I ready step down
so adorable Oh Maddy I knew you loved
the way I text will know when I met you
look finish it those are so perfect
shape hi Marilyn we are dating you sit
there I want to actually talk to each
other and now you just use your cell
phone precise so we just want to the
plate against categories I chose it for
years i'm pretty exciting argument over
whether is nailing my tears 13 is the
letter name and they're putting
musketeers and Bailey are you inna three
musketeers so with the burn a little
burning the girls to get this point we
get the point I don't want a month yeah
you did get the question agrees you'll
be very pleased hey good job Nick hey
guys what's up so we just got back from
my end uncle's house and we had so much
fun yeah we did to a good time a really
good time so in Chinese food and we
played Vicky's favorite game of all time
he always walks away from me what games
are you playing rosemary game skoda
gore's so we played I and my aunt uncle
got us the sweetest present it was so
awesome hey Nikki yeah and she's so
happy thank God us season oh you want to
see what it is I opened the box she
opens the box there's way less traumatic
to it all right no doubt and I saw this
at your panda bear and I thought oh they
made a donation to the wildlife
foundation is in their kids names that's
what I thought oh that's generous
yeah yeah every day season pass to the
zoo one-year membership Emily member tip
it's not so nice at the best and yeah
will that be awesome anyways that's it
for tonight we'll see you guys tomorrow
for Christmas hey guys thanks for
watching and merry Christmas to you
because it's Christmas when this vlog is
now so I hope you guys all had a
fantastic christmas in it don't you see
do for us for christmas go ahead and
click the subscribe button and also
we're on instagram facebook and twitter
so you can check out us on those pages
too if you want to see some extra
content and we'll see you guys tomorrow
