hey guys what's up so it's Christmas Day
merry Christmas to everybody and Vicki
and I are running around the house we
have to go to all another family members
house that's like an hour and a half
away from where we live and we just
finished all the opening of presents
stuff so the house is a complete
disaster and last night we didn't get
home till late cuz we're it to my aunt's
house for a christmas eve celebration so
yeah everything's a little crazy and I
don't have time to edit and post a blog
yet so I'm gonna try and get it done
tonight for yesterday's vlog so I just
wanted to blow this quick update delay
you guys know what was happening so
probably tomorrow there'll be two vlogs
Christmas Day and Christmas Eve so we'll
see and the winner of our toffee thing
is going to be happening in tomorrow's
vlog 2 we have it all right no just
leave it alone Nicki gosh mr. problem
she's trying to interrupt right in the
middle of my one take anyways so that's
it that's what's happening don't worry
everything's still gonna come it's
coming tomorrow see you guys then
