but I'm going to try and look around see
if i can find like a last-minute gift
for Vicky's
today is a good day I got to sleep in
until eight o'clock which was so nice
and then I had a nice breakfast with my
kids it's just me and the kids today no
daycare kids so we're really excited
about that but you get all our Christmas
baking done we're just waiting for our
and like our marriage and stuff just
took thought a little bit shirts in the
fridge that's really hard and and then
we're going to collapse for the mornings
the kids are just playing with the
chalkboard right now yeah so they're
having fun doing that I'm gonna go and
catch up on my youtube videos like watch
all the ones i watch and then we're
going to get going with our baking
marathon for today this is one of the
reasons why I was gonna wait until
tomorrow to clean cuz I knew we're gonna
be baking and baking with three kids
it's always messy messy messy um what is
on your feet I kissed a lot oh are you
doing I was pretty piece out of it I
like tea for shoes for shoes she was
like flopping around in them why can't
get you got on top I got my gloves on
yours must be helping me bake you
getting distracted levi's the only one
helping we're doing our shortbread
cookies first and they're actually
really hard to roll into little balls
without falling apart and thank did a
couple over here but they're really hard
they fall apart I think I might try it
done and chocolate this year to my
thought cambers um dipped in chocolate I
was like oh I want those so I might try
that too this is when i wish i had the
fancy mixer that the jane house vlogs
used i gotta do it all by hand i call
Nick at work and he put my stacking
cooling tray somewhere I don't know
where they are my lady put them there
they were fine up there they weren't in
the way at all so my kids were getting
tired baking they're like her squiggle
lie down for a little bit so Levi's like
lying on the kitchen floor kind of plain
but still lying he brought his blanket
in here ebony on a blanket curled up on
the chair again she's gonna have a
little sleep she was feeling really
tired she was up a lot last night again
Malachi I guess he decided to play car
Aries is this but you're hiding out hey
guys i just got to the mall and i got my
new glasses what do you guys think of
the frames there are a little bit
different than my other ones not a lot
but they were free there's there to deal
where you got one you get another pair
free the frames and the lenses so that's
a really good deal but I'm gonna try and
look around see if i can find like a
last-minute gift for Vicki since the
last thing I try to get her they
wouldn't send it to me I'll tell if you
want to know the story i'll leave the
link below to that video but it's kind
of long story but they want to send me a
gift after i pay for it but yeah so I
got to see if I can find her something
last minute so Vicki's the hardest
person to shop for I don't really know
what to get her so I looked around in
the mall I got some ideas and I gotta
throw together some kind of a package of
the thing that I'm gonna get for I can't
tell you about it too much because then
she'll know cuz she'll watch this later
well yeah put that together wrap it up
and give it to her in two days a little
last minute but at least I'm getting
something done ok guys so I was gonna
say sure cookie sharper cookies muffins
that tastes like doughnut that was it I
was gonna say that's good i think i'm
done i made a big enough mess and then I
saw this recipe of my paper chef and its
thumbprint cookies and you make it in
the main of food processor so I'll have
to do any more mixing in a bolt-hole
process in the processor right here so
I'm so excited so I'm like oh I'll make
one more cookie sure so I'm going to do
that too and it's already 130 and I've
been baking since ten in the morning
guys look at this mess
see this is why I was gonna do the big
cleanup Wednesday morning because
tuesday with my merit baking marathon
day and this what happens and especially
when you have levi helping you bank by
time i get all my baby done i'm probably
gonna have like a good half an hour
maybe an hour to like try to clean up to
a desk my ability before nick gets home
okay he's gonna freak out when he sees
this video okay guys nick just got home
I've been all my feet the entire day I
just finished washing my dishes I big
pile there I still have to wash these
trades and that muffin thing but Nick's
happy because I cleaned up I cleaned up
my mess cuz i colored that ya know see
where I left it come out means it's oh
yeah what he's happy with all my baby
I'm really ugly to baking these
shortbread cookies with a little
chocolates in the middle of already had
three hood since I've been obviously
he's been on two minutes ago in a bunch
of cookies I just feel like we're a
panic door and when Shh do you see my
muffins at he's like doughnuts Oh guys
you're had a muffin to taste like a door
oh well they smell like doing so I'm
just looking around in the pound store
for all you UK people there we called
the dollar store but I was chatting with
a bunch of them and they said it was the
pound store where they're from and I'm
just looking for some ideas for Vicky's
last minute Christmas gift and I got
some really good stuff I don't want to
show you though but one of the things
I'm going to get for it is one of these
boxes that's the only clue you get Vicky
hey guys are not walmart and they just
closed i'm trying to run to find
everything i was wondering there's no
one else go shopping in their pajamas
and ski boots
hey yeah just working it oh all my
Christmas shopping is now complete and I
can finally start to enjoy the christmas
season and relax well I've been enjoying
it but you know what I mean anyways I
think the vlog is going to end now hey
guys thanks for watching the vlog today
don't forget to subscribe if you haven't
already also we're on twitter instagram
and facebook if you want to check us out
on those channels as well don't forget
on Christmas Day we're giving away a box
of toffee chocolates to one of our
subscribers so if you haven't already
subscribed that was a good time to do it
see you guys in the comments
