so I'm going to try and clean up the
entire like main rooms of the house
good morning guys i'm so tired i wish i
could sleep in but I can't cuz you had a
cancer on holidays and they don't have
to go to school today I still have kids
coming over if I climbed up there all by
himself ha big boy hey okay ready we're
guessing away in a manger no crib for a
bed man little Lord Jesus lay down his
sweet head the stars in the sky the
little Lord Jesus asleep on the head the
cat de Lorean the poor baby wakes but
little Lord Jesus no crying he makes I
have been Lord Jesus
like a cow okay good hey guys so vicky's
at work tonight and she had the craziest
day she had like I think six kids in the
house today from between daycare our own
kids and then as soon as I got home she
had to go straight to work at her other
job so she's like soul and today so I'm
gonna try and clean up the entire like
main rooms of the house so the kitchen
the living room in the bathroom like I
mean actual clean like scrubbing things
and crap like that so my goal is to have
that all done before she gets home so
she can be surprised they're nice clean
house let's see what happens hopefully I
can do it here's what you do if your kid
doesn't leave you alone you win blast
them get winded sanu move I just came up
with I call it the wind blaster and
whenever mom Levi comes around when I
don't wanted to be here I blast him with
this hey I don't have to do it anyway I
said to warn of guys I just cleaned the
bathroom floor and I look what's
happening what are you doing what are
you doing did you see that there was a
clean floor and you thought I better go
mess this up as soon as possible before
people get comfortable yeah yeah what is
the point of what you're doing you crazy
baby what is it with kids and always
wanted to destroy whatever room starts
to look somewhat clean does that drive
it oh nice like this can't happen to
just me does it happen to you guys too
hey guys I'm done the kitchen
here it is quick walkthrough of the
cling cling kitchen I even scrub the
glass top stove so it's nice and shiny
ok finish tightening up the living room
do-do-do-do-do Cardiff education did you
show them it yeah I show them here's the
living room yep I hope he thinks it's
very fast because no one's gonna be
using yeah do you think she'll like the
surprise ok guys finish the bathroom
here at all is nice and clean in the
bathtub in the toilet clean the floor
hey Vicky what do you think of the clean
house ah I came in from work and the
kitchen was spotless and I feel like
smell the cleaning on the floor and
everything I cleaned the entire look me
an idea the stove oh my hairs all messed
up oh yeah did the stove two guys I did
the stove I even took the table part
cleaning between all the cracks move the
table clean all the floor was there and
he didn't know I was anticipating have
the house so nice and candles and
everything for Christmas Eve when you
got home that was my plan but that's not
for like three days ah two days he's
could have still done that I was gonna
do it on tuesday tomorrow do what to
have the house clean for wednesday oh
thanks Vicki hey I'm Spock tomorrow
please walk with bakey yeah and then
Wednesday's Christmas Eve I have the
best husband guys she does have the best
husband doesn't she hey guys thanks for
watching the volcano triggers the
fragile episode and also your subscriber
this much
in a box Vicki favorite shoppers
chocolaty and if you want you to follow
us on Twitter
and facebook see you guys in the
comments
