I just wanted to tell you guys a little
story about my guitar pretty sweet eh
good morning guys Vicki haven't good
morning so far according yeah it's one
o'clock in the morning yeah I thought
that I was going to go to bed soon after
the last blog post on this gave me
really night for me now it's one o'clock
in the morning and we've only just taken
the Karma listen I was last minute and I
had nothing to give the teachers but it
looks really good like take a look at
this freaking Carlo they're gonna love
it too have you ever seen any better
caramel popcorn this van the only thing
you're making better as if you put
peanuts in it it's so good I would make
it worse okay well comma below if you're
a peanut caramel popcorn person or just
a regular caramel popcorn person but
yeah it's like one o'clock in the
morning after gonna work at five hours I
have to get up and shower in five hours
Oh miss hard life for Ricky guys is the
ever shower yeah for my busy day so
guess what somebody found Vicki's keys
yeah I'm awesome I haven't gotten yet
but yeah they found them so this person
that Vicki watches for day care her
grandmother saw a post on a Facebook
group saying they found keys near where
we live with a pampered chef landed on
it and so she sent them a message and
said hey I think I know who that is
called us and said Vicki no Vicki lose
your keys and yet yes Vicki did lose
your keys and then we found them isn't
that crazy how small the world is how
like you could just do that and find
them Thank You social media I prayed
that God would help me find though oh
there you go i didn't know that now you
found them you're lucky you're lucky I'm
god that looks after you and your stupid
keys guys look at molokai nothing
nothing you gotta get dressed you gotta
get dressed we're gonna go to school no
it's pj day at school today so he is
dressed and ready to go right yeah gonna
go have a fun day at school okay Sophie
I go get ready at the door mommy
I don't know you'll see but I think
you're gonna watch a movie today in your
class tube why not oh ok oh and again
only in the gym ok let's go get ready
then we gotta go mon yeah we owe ya go
so here's the caramel popcorn containers
free for your teachers so that's what we
with them in Japanese in her jammies for
her team Ed at skool yay pickle Gabrus
I'm gonna go how many very very rushed
morning so guys i just got off the phone
with the company i was dealing with
about my missing item the person i
talked to was a lot better than when i
talked to two days ago I was like why
did the other go give me such a hard
time when it was just as simple as
switching the color like seriously I can
such a color that's no big deal laws
wasn't purple or pink or something
anyways this girl was a lot more helpful
and it's done it solved and it's going
to be here in like two days see go
simple that way it's always just a
misunderstanding or some sort of form of
communication that goes down so guys
when I went to the store last night
after work i decided that i would buy
some stewing beef and put it the fridge
so that we can have a big feast do for
tonight and may be in touch tomorrow too
um and i totally ran at a time this
morning i was so rushed as being the
teacher gifts ready and getting the kids
off to school and I was just so so
rushed I don't have time to do the eight
hours on low like there was no way I was
going to get it done so now i'm trying
to rush because i realized that my days
going on and it's already ten after 14
hours and high on in the slow cooker so
now I'm like am I gonna think I'm back
to do they are y'all ready to go so I'm
just curious what are you guys use to
season your beef stew um I have this
like little packet that I put in and mix
with water but I'm wanting to try
something different i know there's like
that beef bullion when you how to say it
but yeah I've just kind of curious as to
what you guys use and how you go about
doing it i wanta how to do it in like
the crock pot in the slow cooker not
like in oil and everything like that
this was all the stuff in a beneath
backpack we need to go through it all
and do this really cool penguin picture
to that cute guy I think it wait are you
finishing a picture from school
isn't it romantic or you minutes Maddie
for Christmas oh that's nice believe I
just come came running over Smith he was
like done done what did you do you're
all done what did you do show mommy oh
you showed me a sticker on you yes show
mommy what did you do I'll done what
would you do oh my goodness guys look
wouldn't leave i dead he put all the
movies away back on this show is it's a
good job eh guys hey guys what's up so I
have the worst headache today when I off
from work and bakey mates too but for
some reason all this new guy made
perfect like all this stuff but the bee
stings okay Vicky yeah it's taking
longer something's kind of weird because
everything else looks really good and
tastes really good thanks everybody for
all your suggestions all the different
hand creams and everything that you we
can try for Avenue I might try the
coconut oil because that one was
suggested by a lot of people and they
all seemed like it really worked hey
guys so we finished our family movie
night and I just wanted to tell you guys
a little story about my guitar pretty
sweet eh so this is my ibanez gio and I
got it in a really cool way so I was
really praying that God would kind of
provide me with a guitar that I could
use to play on Sunday worship team and I
couldn't afford to buy one myself so I
went on kijiji to see if i could find
like a really good deal and i found a
guy that was trying to get rid of a base
and an amp in a case everything for his
base and I needed a bass amp and I
needed a base case but any of the bass
guitar so I said I have to remote
control cars if you want to trade for
them who was like okay so i traded to
remote control cars i never used for the
bass amp and guitar and bass case then I
found this geo and the guy was asking
for 80 bucks which is a really good deal
so I said to him I'll take you for a box
is to sell this Basin I just got and he
goes oh you have a base I'll take the
base if you want to just trade so it was
old old base I never would use right he
was like kind of garbage type of a base
I said he's kind of old you sure you
want to drain
let me see it right over his place he
checked it out he's like this is an
awesome face is so retro so he traded me
this ibanez gio for the base so i got
the guitar for free isn't that amazing
like God totally provided this for me
there's no way I could this could have
just coincidentally happened but I kind
of wanted to tell you guys that story
before we end the vlog hey guys thanks
for watching the vlog today and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already because if you subscribe this
month you get enters into a chance to
win our Christmas prize of chocolates
Vicki's favorite actually toffee and
also tomorrow the Simpson family is
going to be on our blog because we're
going to be doing some fun games with
their kids and the adults are gonna do
some games later with uglies with
Christmas sweaters and stuff like that
is gonna be a lot of fun anyways I'll
see you guys in the comments
