Makka what is Santa look like oh yeah I
know and you just have any of yours I
know lips
mmm I got boogers Oh gross did you see
that what do you need you need a Kleenex
hey did you just put in your mouth yes
eat your booger you you never done that
before that was really gross so I am so
excited we are going to go to Malachi
school to see his little christmas
concert and I just can't wait I just
spent the morning emptying all my memory
card so that I would not mind I remember
you're filling his whole concert for
Nick to see since he's at work and it's
in the middle of the day so this is one
of the reasons why I'm really grateful
to be a stay-at-home mom because I get
to enjoy these things and not miss out
on these things that means so much so
I'm really really excited that we get to
go so we're just on our way to go out
and leave I still sleeping okay Levi we
have to go guys check out the weapon
Levi mine now whoa you look up guys
oh here funny character forgive invite
that one maybe flinch look at all the
useless Levi's fighting for this paper
towel we're always having lots of fun I
see you I see furnace hmm I had to miss
malca is plated a Christmas concert okay
let's hear your head no like coming down
no like no like no like coming from the
guy what are you doing snowflakes mom I
was so good we're having some spaghetti
tonight and mommy's going to work right
guys so is chowing down every done I'm
alias supper you didn't Oh wrap up mommy
present yeah it's gonna be funny so
clueless and then we'll put under the
tree for her mm-hmm yes that's gonna be
good idea man do we get go out and get
give me a blessing why are we talking
about you have presents we just don't
have them either they're hiding you
don't know where they are guys does
anyone know any solutions just extremely
dry hands cuz AB knees get the worst dry
hands and she can't get it to feel
better right at me was it feel like the
clauses are stinging me like wasps are
singing yeah oh thanks I got it can I
show your hands look they're so dry and
we push she puts lotion on them but they
just she can't get them to you she can't
get them to feel nice like they're
always just staying a source so I don't
know if you guys know any solutions to
how to make your hands get more moist
and not so dry let us know in the
comments below one of our subscribers
their name is smile chummy and she has a
little brother and guess what her litter
other said huh he said he thinks that
your haircut is so cool she watched the
video and he said she said tell molokai
that my bro
I thinks his haircut is so cool steins
we're good hey is that me because I'll
go wake up my Christmas concert yeah but
she really likes your hair cuts on her
little brother is that cool need a vaca
what is Santa look like hey Millie and
you just have any of yours I know lips I
knew it why does he not have any lips
because he had a bear cuz he has a beard
so he doesn't have any lips he does have
any years oh man because Hank got a bear
oh no that's crazy so I just asking you
at me what happened at school say and
she told me to gross the story listen to
the story boyfriend Colin got his
license and he started choking and then
he feels rough road ahead of his nose
did you get puke on you yeah how did you
know did you see it oh no does she told
me yeah that is so gross a didn't get it
I guess you went home though yeah just
when you got off the bus you just got it
just lets go of any more cradle Oh gross
it's funny though hello just got off the
bus and they just got there yeah I how
it is funny isn't that gross key magic
puking out of your nose okay guys
tonight is busy cuz Levi's got to get
his hair cut I gotta get my hair cut and
Vicki AB he's got to have a shower
shower so what if I doesn't want to do
with okay guys here's Levi's new look
let's see look at daddy yeah just like
your brother like it I was just cutting
my hair and stuff well Levi was in the
bathtub and he's like going oh did you
go pull in the tub jiggle poo did you go
pulling the tub yeah gross okay guys
what are we doing Bob Marley present
wrapping up mom's present I'll show you
it looks like Africa's I don't want me
to see the president okay here's the
presence all nice and Rob this was from
Malachi and Levi and this one's from a
venir it guys hey guys thanks for
watching the vlog today and don't forget
subscribe if you haven't already because
on December 25th you if you are
subscriber your entity a chance to win a
box would be these favorite chocolates
toffee and also don't forget to leave
some comments below so we can get to
know you guys a little bit better
because that's the best way for us to
kind of communicate back and forth
because we read through all the comments
so we'd love to see them your comments
down below don't forget to check us out
on facebook instagram and twitter as
well see you in the comments
