there you have it guys bus cancellation
no school today no school today no
school today are you excited the bus got
cancelled yeah so snow day yeah begin
with your nose aren't you excited good
sign it where's your happy dance so you
have a happy dance come on I'll do a
happy dance with you my night I've even
happy dance I'm not for school today
Nick's outside shoveling and Levi's in
our bedroom just going to add dad trying
to get his attention through the window
did you do it yeah what Wow dad yeah do
you see dad go you see daddy ah where's
daddy where's daddy well over there on
the shed ah yep either the you get
in the shuffle Oh Oh dad he can't hear
you buddy oh no he can't hear you hey
guys so it's snowing right now right now
and it's one of our first big snows but
the water in the sewers has backed up
and listen look even better than I was
before but now can all the snow to this
freaking nasty flood that's stinks and I
got to scoop it all up and shovel this
friggin heavy stuff oh and its most so
bad in it so heavy is the absolute worst
let me show you what the sewage pipes
look like so here's what it looks like
the wives pouring out of the theories
into the lake so our beautiful winter
snow is turned into a stinky slushy muck
fest it totally sucks way to ruin winter
for me septic systems okay guys i just
finished friggin shoveling up all the
slush and it totally sucked it was like
friggin three hours of shovelling and
now my best friend the plows coming he's
probably if i'll all that stuff right
back onto my
away
all that hard work yard down the drain
now I got to start all over God
snowplows it's now nine o'clock so i
started at seven thirty shuffling is
only in it's now nine o'clock i'm so
tired but i just wanted to point out the
most important thing to remember when
shoveling is to have a clear path to
your barbecue because there's always
time for BBQ it doesn't matter how much
other is outside you guys want to see
how we're spending our snow day
organizing these horrible mess and files
but this entire bag is old garbage
things that you ended keep this is one
of this so far I'm frustrated trying to
fight their really okay the reason I'm
doing this is cuz havanese tablet is
busted and i'm just trying-- so 90 25
nice tablet so the keys yeah and then i
got so frustrated with the mess vicki
has e'er that I thought I'd need
organizes yeah it's something that I've
kind of put on the back burner you know
how it is babies and I'm busy cleaning
the kids room I'm trying to organize it
and sort it and everything I organized
all their drawers like no they're closed
doors and stuff I cleaned the windows I
mean that a bit well I still wats to do
it's just missing miss Missy so I'm Jeff
stairs doing laundry shoe at the same
time this is what the kids are up to on
our snowy day making crafts they grab
the craft packet bucket from downstairs
e to my stuffy now if I had it good girl
them all get all those stuff ease in a
day I made them narrow down to five you
guys want to see what happening me for
her little craft that she did by herself
it says those me because Jesus like me
because Jesus need you hey said love
niecy l.o.v.e critically funny yeah very
good you're gonna concentrate you got
one to leave I let me see yours let me
see he took in the pros got stickers on
it good job buddy have enough in the
critic casa we just did that oh that's
ok cuz Christmas is about who hey yeah
yeah that's boring it's about when Jesus
was born that's right hey guys what's up
so we're doing a collaboration with the
Simpson family coming up in like the
Saturday which is the twentieth of
December and we wanted to get you guys
to kind of get to meet them a little bit
before we do it so you can kind of know
who they are self and it'll be a little
more fun when we're doing the club so
I'm gonna put you into our magic
cupboard and then when the opens you'll
be meeting the Simpson family so here we
go tell them i say hi ok well the work
yes we'll find out in a second hi i'm
scott simpson with the Simpson family my
channel is scott simpson this is my
oldest daughter Mikayla there's our
younger daughter Brailer say hi she's
enjoying a snack right now hi this is
our little boy his name's taste and then
mommy is some where's mommy what just
running down the stairs hey girl this is
mom this is camber so we do a daily vlog
here at the simpson house here in Texas
and we just have fun it's just our
normal everyday life enjoying the ups
and downs the ebbs and flows and all the
excitement and unexcited in our
household so we welcome you to come and
check us out hi also we're good friends
with a Canadian family vlog and so we're
going to be doing some fun stuff with
them in a couple of weeks Oh actually in
just over a week we're going to be doing
a collaboration with them so make sure
to stay tuned there because it's gonna
be really fun really exciting when I
have a lot of cool things to share so
that's it ok well I better put you back
in the cupboard before something bad
happens in the space-time continuum
collapses all right we'll talk to you
soon see ya bye hey guys what's up how
did it go how'd you like them they're
pretty cool right we really enjoy
hanging out with them and talk with them
and i'm sure you guys will too if you
want to go ahead and check out their
channel i'll put a link in the
blow so you can go ahead and do that
guys it's still snowing outside hey it's
getting pretty high burn Oh have me just
max no way out on me this closed doors
too cold it's still snowing outside guys
so it's been snowing for like what four
hours Vicki it's probably just something
for like four hours straight close the
door probably it's miss snowing for like
for our streets so yeah it's pretty cold
and there's a lot of snow and I'm gonna
have to go shovel the driveway again in
my back is so sore from the last time it
sucks we're all ready to go inside have
some fun in the snow yep we definitely
got a lot of snow and it's still snowing
okay I already really show with
everything it's like I'm doing it all I
know so unfortunately our snow isn't
packing snow so no making snowballs or a
snowman so we decided that we'd make
like a little pathway tada there's a lot
of work isn't it yeah we're pooped yeah
I know we almost have it but we're
pooped haze I'm sorry snow at us m-miss
dies how's it going yeah I just go to
work tonight so I gotta start unveiling
the car cuz let's cut Britain's yeah i'm
working on it look how deep it is guys
but I gotta go to work tonight oh ok so
I want to show you the results of my
hard work in the bedroom I was
determined to clean today so we've got a
clear dresser yeah it's not cluttered
anymore and then even the Vice beds all
nice and tiny while the cars are put
away all the buckets are neat and
organized in here and then Malachi I
told him to only keep five cept animals
on his bed cuz he had like 30 there's a
lot of work so I'm just going through
our thousand subscribers log and we got
so many amazing comments like let me go
up there's this one that i'm super
excited about look who commented Randy
and at all we told you love those guys
and they totally watch our video and
commented then thank you for the kisses
okay hey guys thanks for watching the
block day we haven't already don't
forget to subscribe because this month
you get entered for a chance to win a
box of Vicky's favorite chocolate toffee
so if you want the shop it's got to
subscribe also we're on instagram
facebook and twitter if you want to
check us out on those sites too for some
like bonus materials and things like
that this saturday december through tip
we're going to be at a toronto christmas
market and it's going to be a lot of fun
so if you want to meet us there feel
free to look it up on google find how to
get there and come down and say hello
