so Nick just made me go and track down
the dragon the church because he had it
with Libby in the car seat put livi in
the car I put Levi in the car and Nick
decided just to put the diaper bag by my
foot as if I would notice that there's a
diaper bag at my foot that's not exactly
what I yeah that's what happened here's
what the real story so Vicky and the
kids and everybody we're all waiting in
the car the person beside us how to
carpool kids it seemed like they were
going to pull iono decided everybody
else it was when the boys right and so I
put the diaper bag down beside Vicky and
all the kisses hehe today Vicki I put
the diaper bag down beside you know yeah
I went around it but Libby and got hanky
back around the other way got in the car
when Vicki continue to load the kids
when I continue to buckle up Levi and
then close the door and walk away and
then she gets in the car drive away she
goes wheres the diaper bag I'm like
Danger quit in the car was right beside
you and she was like no I'm like how do
you not notice a giant diaper bag scene
ok first of all the giant aggregate
middle was a little bitty what it's
Easter Sunday and we went to church we
were a little late but we made it to
church and that's Church wait you guys
learned at church what's today what
happened today what do we celebrate
sounds like read a good phone one day
well that's yeah closed this week before
but um this is the day that Jesus rose
rose on the Sun God rose from the dead
rose from the grave he's risen he's
alive right did you guys not learn
anything is really school yeah oh well I
guess we have work to do as parents yes
so yay happy easter oh that's made noise
so we decided on the way home from
church to get sludge so yeah
no excited at mcdonough ah he's making
the sacrifice for the kids because the
kids really wanted it don't look I got
for you go for my friend yeah is it off
bike training wheels it's just like that
one that we ride at the bikes please
remember ah Scott no pedals hey yeah
it's like a push bike we were at the
bike park you are we will talk enough
today it's hard work I just had all this
old school work I kept at albanese so
I'm just taking pictures of important
things and logging it but but that's it
I first got here I kept everything I
love my mom because she lets me play
Sean the trampoline I love my mom
because she gives me eight hugs and
kisses let me just did she just pull
herself up on the stool now she's trying
to stand up even more vital down to the
toilet look at you big girl hey just
pull yourself up to standing I don't
think she knows what to do Chicago get
back down mom look at you you two legs
open if easy girl do you want help
getting down
I don't think she can figure it out now
oh my goodness guys Danny huh boy
yourself to standing at seven and a half
months pull up to standing seven and a
half month old guys so I thought is
beautiful day time as well barbecue but
everything that was bad happening could
be happening I'm trying to cook fish and
the outside of the fish is cooking way
faster than the inside of the fish all
my vegetables that were supposed to be
delicious one of these potatoes caught
on fire or something and now they all
taste like burnt like that burned smoky
gross taste frigging socks man I'm
starving and I really want to like this
awesome BBQ I was just turning out to be
crap BBQ it sucks and I'm really bummed
out
