I'm also gonna attempt the caramel
popcorn one more time yes because it's
the best everybody loves it people know
come true like yeah it's the best
hey so do you want to see how my
thursday is going so far look what Levi
just did he had a yogurt container and
he took it up from the fridge and he
started biting the bottom of it and he
squeezed it and so it's smooshed out all
over the place it's all over the floor
it's all over him he just finished
filling apple juice everywhere he
already got one of the ornaments off the
tree and smashed it on the ground
everywhere you're just being a little
bit of a monkey today aren't you yeah is
it feel gross ah my house is a disaster
and i am still trying to get lunch going
right now i'm packing for my pampered
chef show this weekend so i've got that
i'm doing look at they just destroyed
the living room this is my day it's my
crazy crazy day and then Nick's like Oh
today do you think you can make sugar
cookies since it's just doing the boys
at home and I'm like sure no problem
yeah don't know if it's gonna be
happening anytime soon I can't bake in
this mess so I'm gonna have to clean in
order to bake and make another mess so I
don't know we'll see I'm already like I
just won't climb back into bed for the
day you guys have those days too right
hey so I was getting ready to make my
sure cookies and I have like no butter
Nick use all the butter when he was
making that caramel popcorn so now I
can't make the sugar cookies anyways so
I'm tired of buying um like apple juice
drinks boxes I thought maybe I could get
a different flavor but I really know
what kind to get and then sometimes i
get like those kool-aid jammers but i
saw these on sale when i was at the
store the other night and I remember
really liking asleep when I was a kid so
it's strawberry kiwi and I decided to
open one up and try it and it's really
good i really like it so i hope the kids
like it too what's up your favorite
flavor of juice box so we are just on
our way to the store hopefully i timed
it right because we're gonna go pick up
the butter and stuff and then walk down
these bus stop so we're leaving 10-12
minutes early arts I'm hoping that's
enough time to the door first we're go
to the store first yes
bus stop yeah okay so we're just coming
out the grocery store and it was 328 on
the receipt so we usually need a house
at three thirty so I think we'd planned
it like quite perfectly so I'm quite
pleased Louie Levi and as a little snow
sue he's like all decked out is a snow
pants in his boots and everything it's
so cute when they walk and I got the
steak watching model who gets a stick go
get it there you go you got it yeah you
got it sure you can throw it hey good
job hey not my hand yeah are we doing
whoa what are we doing doing doing in
there okay bye so as we're walking now
that sits in the stroller sometimes it
helps us to not waste time as I said
before and it's so funny because people
in their cars are like laughing or
pointing smiling and it's it's like I'm
like literally smiling about and then
Malachi's in the front of the stroller
walking with his feet as the stroller is
getting push it does a little walk it's
so funny so people are like what's the
point of being a stroller he's walking
anyways strong what's wrong buddy mom
what you want mom yeah yeah okey where
is she hey where did she go she went to
work yeah you miss her he misses Vicki
so much hey guys as you know my caramel
popcorn yesterday was a complete fail so
now I'm gonna try and make some cookies
and I have to do a quick because you
have to let it cool for like an hour in
the fridge before you actually make them
is already 30 and I have to edit the
vlog tonight so I'm going to quickly try
and whip up this batch of cookies not
too quickly because I don't want to
screw it up
and get them ready for tomorrow for my
work thing wish me luck so my friend
Mike from Mike and Andy channel they
have discovered this thing where you can
put your blogging camera into a cupboard
and somehow because they're vlogging at
the same time it will switch the vlog
channels so you'll be getting them
instead of us suddenly so like it's kind
of a cool thing I have to see it to
believe it so I'm going to go ahead and
put you in the cupboard and you'll kind
of see what I'm talking about it'll make
sense in just a second did it work oh it
did where are we why is it feels like
it's actually colder here I don't like
cold what's up we're my candy and we're
delia bloggers here on YouTube this is
our buddy Zeus over here he's munching
away what's up Zeus eat dinner yep and
we have another cat named Athena but
she's hiding right now currently
Athena's hiding why come and see what
happened today in her vlogs um something
with a bathroom something with a hole in
the wall something with a very loud fan
if you're warning what the heck that
means come on over to our Channel come
check us out but uh before time and
space collapses I gotta put you guys
back because you can't be you can't
switch channels for very long where else
bad things might happen so please see
you guys back in here all right so come
check us out at Mike and Andy Mike with
the wise spelled it weird don't know why
anyways we'll see you guys later and see
you all the interwebs hey guys can you
believe that worked that's super cool
hey like oh let's all have to do is put
you guys in the stinging cover it and
then next thing you know you're woot
guys were with Mike and Andy I mean come
on how could they have invented that
awesome like cupboard portal in the
first place right okay guys so i got my
cookie batter in the fridge because it
has to harden like it can't be soft when
you're making it was it should be flat
so i'm going to get that stuff right
he's gonna take probably an hour an hour
and a half just to get that stupid
cookie dough nice nard and then so i
thought in the meantime what am I going
to do long and tidy up my mess from
the cookies but I'm also gonna attempt
the caramel popcorn one more time yes
because it's the best everybody loves it
people no come through again it's the
best I gotta try it again I can't live
without it for Christmas season okay
guys I'm at the moment of truth 30
seconds left everything looks like is
going hit so far with the caramel it's
not like a black color like it was last
night oh yeah it's going good I got
turned off though cos the next parts
pretty intense I wish I pick us here so
she can record it at the same time you
gotta add baking soda and it makes the
whole thing like explode make it really
big can't show you because I can't do it
in record i got up guys look it worked
then i gotta bake it for an hour it's
gonna be so good okay guys check it out
my cookies are done look at how perfect
they turned out like they got some
serious loft can you see like the
glitter all because my pampered chef
baking tray yeah right because I'm mad
cooking skills anyway these are
snickerdoodles if you ever want to try
them I can give you the recipe if you
want and here's the caramel popcorn oh
it's so stinking I'm trying to do a
video here Vicki she's trying to help
you because it is messy me thank you so
yeah this caramel popcorn is so did um
just going to be the best work / family
movie night tomorrow yes
