shucks I what are you doing and leave hi
scrib hi flower trampoline what are you
doing in there
morning guys so it is absolutely
freezing outside today it's minus-20
like that's insane so I'm bundling up
the kids big time today neck warmers
snow pants all of it I'm really thankful
that we have my mom's car today because
that will help us not be so cold waiting
for the bus so yes anomalies got her
comfy shirt on her comfy pants a really
cozy cozy warm sweater and we're running
behind cuz we slept in today we believe
in 10 minutes election 10 minutes I'm
being plain it was me I slept in today
you guys were still sleeping too no i
was first one that love jeff Mako's on
couch daddy was real it mm-hmm daddy
woke us up today which was good so yeah
when I don't her to take Malachi to
school I get like a whole extra hour my
sleeping in I'm wasting time gotta go I
am so grateful that Avenue has a nice
bus driver so I get up to the front put
around the bus and we were rushing so
much and we forgot her backpack at the
front door I said would you mind if I
just ran and got it she's like no that's
okay so she drove and she parked outside
of our house while I ran in grabbed the
backpack and ran it out to her like most
of us are like no sorry to add I'm gonna
have to be shared a member to get her
baked goods or something like I get the
teacher guess I need to make sure I
don't forget the bus driver Levi's
trying to figure out this car that you
drive remote comes with the remote
control yeah yeah I push the button on
your controller he went into the room
and got it himself and he and he wanted
to place it all on his own push the
button right here push this button
I think the battery just died I'm making
that awful noise I think the battery
just died Malachi's playing the Wii Fit
game he's got a diego one right now oh
no guess what my yoga to change up boy I
have a little girl that I'm watching now
and she's gonna be here any minute i
just saw the car pool in the driveway so
gotta go hey guys what's up so i was
just watching some Shaytards on my lunch
break cuz it's one of my favorite
bloggers and i was reading through the
comments and I'm like oh man some have
people on the shaytards channel are like
really mean and they're not just mean to
the Shh Arthur me to each other like all
like bashing the crap out of each other
and just like cruising each other out
and stuff like it's crazy so I have to
go and drop off my wii controller to the
pure layer because it's completely
busted and i don't know if you remember
a while ago i've blogged about it i
still haven't gotten around to drop you
know so I'm gonna go do that today on my
lunch break i tried to do yesterday but
there was a power outage and the place
was closed so i really want to get that
in there so I can continue my gaming
videos because yeah I have a gaming
channel to that i do and i haven't been
able to upload a video for like so long
and the company that was sponsoring that
channel clothes like they went out of
business i guess so i don't get my teams
for them anymore so that's kind of us so
I'm just trying to revamp that channel
and get it going again so I can get some
more gaming stuff going but you guys
don't have to check out that general or
think it's not fantastic I just do it
for fun mouth I suppose being who's very
cleaning up before we have to go pick up
a venir I just said to him okay we have
to go get have any now he's like okay um
I just need help getting out of Levi's
bed like what let me pick we'll see what
he's up to exactly shalik I what are you
doing and leave hi scrib hey flower
trampoline what are you doing in there I
ice climb and climb uphill should double
me like what are you know you just be
cleaning your room and it looks like a
good a bigger mess
I Karen you know you can't do it if you
my mono isn't you can make the mess you
can clean the mess this is how a bini
eats eminence she has her brother tell
her what color do you know is he
guessing what color you're gonna land on
hmm Oh close
right nice this is that prevents you
from eating it too quickly doesn't it
yeah so if you guys ever want to cook up
something really quick for your kids to
for supper one night and your don't run
do like a camper and jam sandwich then
just take some pillsbury crescent rolls
some spaghetti sauce and some grated
cheese I'm moving together it's like the
simplest thing I'm I all my kids love it
it's like a little mini pizza so look
guys this is what it is you just put
this free sausage cheese on top of these
that you roll them out and then you just
roll them up like that put them in the
oven for 10 minutes and it's like a
little mini pizza and they're really
good right but I try no you can't eat it
raw in the oven first wet in the
bathroom I found your basketball and I'm
the best mommy that's what he has to say
that I'm the best mom because I found
his basketball and as clean his room Oh
in Canada oh here that moms I'm the best
on in Canada come on let's do this
together let's take team okay let's see
who can do it the fast
all right that's the last of it who was
faster me I think I was yeah I like no I
was good job good teamwork oh good job
bud now i'm going to quickly get supper
Gawain's then i go get ready for work
because I'm definitely not ready for
work looking like this so happy eyes
make musical instruments for a class
tomorrow right at me yeah so we're gonna
make I could tie yeah we're gonna use
and fish and stuff yeah so we're gonna
use rubber bands that in cleans box will
wait this is a risky idea don't cut my
finger okay go just don't cut my finger
uh-huh okay go snip it go she'll ask
away the girl so we're gonna make that
and then we'll show you what it looks
like after it's done okay here's the
guitar thing you have any made it's got
a bottle in it so you can shake it and
you could pull your strings Wow good job
of me and then here's the other ones yet
do one thing that was using your muscles
and one thing that's using air yeah
there's got the jugs good job abney so
that's what I haven't had you for our
homework this week so we're all done
she's ready for school and one more
thing if I was in recycling stuff from
the recycling face know yet yeah they
smell little stinky the bottles and the
duct tape is Mel little stinky for sure
so Vicki is that work day and the kids
had the worst hissy fit at me like I've
never seen this platform like they were
like screaming at the top of their lungs
because I was playing a game and I said
if you can get a point you can stay up
later and is it because it was bedtime
they're like okay fine this paper they
couldn't get a point and they lost
control so I guess I was a little bit my
fault for saying a game like that I
thought they would be like oh I didn't
get a point okay i'm going to bed but it
was like a complete backfire so yeah
that's how my night was how was yours
hey guys thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe if you have
already and if you subscribe this month
you get entered for a chance to win the
free chocolate toffee giveaway so we'll
be doing that at the end of this month
or maybe around Christmas time and we're
on facebook twitter and instagram so if
you want some bonus content we often
will post things on there to see you in
the comments
