okay so the bus was like 10 minutes late
so I'm frozen as you can tell with the
red nose I'm having a really good day so
far not I like kinked my neck really bad
and can barely move it so I'm gonna
quite a bit of pain but I have to clean
my house for clients tonight so that's
not fun
plus it's garbage and recycling day like
I take all that out because Nicholas was
gonna be late for work if he had to do
all the garbage and stuff so yummy and
this is how my morning is is going this
is how it's starting if you can take a
look right there yeah
this is this is my day it's uh is lovely
so yeah it's just one of those mornings
and I got a dryer to Toronto with a
king's neck wish me luck
cuz I like gonna be like Oh was there a
car coming ok that is high um we're
currently back from school and babysit
everybody so liber8 Guerrero is
currently watching a movie maybe you
guys on this tablet the TV's running
right now and that's on his phone on the
stairs and I cleaned up a bit of the
kitchen today like just just just feel
we have a Christmas tree line
yeah and you know most of the house is
clean right now because you guys know
passed to me and over here
super super story minute old were
discovered so guys I had such a crazy
day that this is what time eating supper
yeah Heena o'clock at night and I just
made some supper I have been so insane
so yeah I had to go like a two hour
drive today and then I had to go run
around and get some last-minute stuff
for Malachi his big birthday party on
Saturday with all of his friends so I
took they'll get stuff for loot bags and
stuff to make cupcakes and yeah yeah it
looks someone so excited yeah so it's
been so crazy busy then I got home and I
had to do like a mad cleanup of the
house like our means as fast as I could
and it was really hard to do with a
really sore neck I don't know what I did
but it's still super sore it was like on
the highway and stuff I was like looking
at my blind spot I'm like hey cars
coming like so slowly and like oh my god
I should hurt so bad you guys
yeah so it's just been a crazy crazy day
and tomorrow's maybe another crazy day
because I'm gonna have to do even more
cleanup from supper tonight and and I
gotta clean up for having his friends
over and I gotta get cupcakes baked and
pizza dough made and it's gonna be
another crazy day never ends really
doesn't are you super excited for
Saturday oh I guess you heard what are
you excited most for presents now that's
not what it's all about what are you
gonna do for your party
ninja pizza yep what else okay ninja
cupcakes and yeah and do you know how
hard it was to find anything themed lego
ninjago
yeah there was Pokemon and Marvel and
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and all
that kind of stuff but lego ninjago what
Malachi wanted was nowhere to be found I
had two things yeah I found some
stickers and some cups I'm going to get
it and the plate in the plate that's
it's all I could find
hi Oleg uh ninjago but I got Lego Batman
for the cups but I was like oh whatever
it's still Lego themed right it'll still
work yeah and these were on clearance
because they were getting rid of them
they were at a cart getting ready to
like be taken out of the store so I got
them super cheap and then we found these
stickers hard to see it's kind of dark
these stickers like I'm joggle stickers
for loop eggs but like that was it there
wasn't much to be found
so seven you're my date crazy running
around trying to find lego ninjago
themed stuff yeah he picked like the
theme that's not out right now but you
know like next month like when his
party's all done and everything and next
month I'm gonna go to the store and I'm
gonna find out I'm gonna go to the store
and I'm gonna look down the aisles and
stuff this would be all like over Trago
guaranteed so yeah it's gonna sink
goodbye good night and we'll see you
guys tomorrow in the morning
