okay so I'm at the dollar store off you
can see dollar Rema hard to see anyways
we saw the am a dollar grandma I my list
I wrote it on my tablet oh there we go
hopefully I don't forget anything
because I did write it all down like so
many ideas running through my head of
what to do for this party and this is my
only night to be out so I'm like panicky
and I only have like one hour before
store closes and I still have so much
stuff to get done because tonight's my
only night because like I already told
you I'm so busy the next two nights and
days and my last chance so I gotta give
it then so I found a red and a blue
bucket for the game and slate from Alec
I look at these chubs they have like
those sweaters on them thought that was
pretty funny okay guys how did I do red
and blue jeans and a blue spider-man I
even got duct tape put blue red decorate
fence fireman wrapping paper red and
blue plates I'm in the craft section a
little overwhelmed and they have
foam paper but they only have like two
there and two they're red
they don't sell the red separately and
there's only four and I need to head and
it's 697 Zin full pack silly I don't
what to do now I'm like forget the craft
look at it's like so not a crappy person
guys can scrap in the craft look I found
spider-man mask I was going to buy them
for cheaper
three dollars
so to seven dollars four pack of four
sheets paper yeah I'm so glad that
shopping trips over exit yes please
so I bought some black and yellow
bristol board and as you guys know me I
am NOT a crafty person at all but I'm
going to attempt to cut out like tall
like shadow buildings kind of thing to
put onto our door for like a spider-man
game for Malachi's party so wish me luck
guys hey here's the finished product
what do you guys think you can see the
shadow but I didn't know how to do it I
think it looks like a building with the
lights like it's dark nighttime I don't
know hope you guys think Brielle's
helping me glue my windows on my
building thinking at craft time are you
helping to knee my yeah you into a yeah
oh good job yay hey guys so it's really
Saturday Malachi's birthday party day
but it's a 113 feet that's why Saturday
113 a.m. it's so crazy my favorite chef
show went super late and uh yeah I just
I had to like clean up like the dishes
and stuff like that so after that I
realized oh I should really like
decorate like not to hurt the house but
decorate with the cake and the rice
krispie squares is like that so I
actually I did the rice krispie squares
I tried to do like little spiders with
them it was like called sparkle gels so
I'll show you guys what looks like so
here's Mary's crispy squares so yeah I
did the little blue spiders some of them
look okay some of them look like blobs
but garden nothing and on if you can see
but I tried to like dye them red but
they kind of turned out pink but I
figured the blue spires on top it does
too bad so I'm just gonna leave it be
and now I have my cake and it's all nice
and ice just like a nice chocolate cake
mmm
and I'm going to try it well first of
all I got smooth this so it's like flat
and then I'm going to take my white
icing and I had went to the store and
bought like a tip to put on it but it
doesn't actually fit so it's like oozing
out of the side oh well I think it will
still work I just put a bag over top of
it and I'm going to attempt to draw like
a spiderweb
and then we have like a big farm and
candle to go on top so I actually found
a YouTube video on how to draw a
spiderweb
so this is what I'm watching so how to
draw a simple spiderweb and then he did
it in pencil and I was just going over
in the black marker so I'm going to take
it from the black marker because I don't
want to draw the circle because the cake
is the circle so I'm going to watch that
with the cake on my lap and see how it
goes seriously I'm so thankful for
YouTube because I actually made it more
simpler like easier to understand than
to follow like watching on video then
seem like a picture beam like a picture
of it didn't I mean not picture being
drawn since I saw like a picture of it
so here it is guys I did my best I kinda
got a little lopsided in the middle
which kind of made it look worse but
anyways it actually wasn't that hard so
and then the spire Mikael is gonna go
right on top hey guys it's party time
finally got everything all set up and
ready to go for our guests so I just
wanted to show you the whole completion
of the preparation for the spider-man
party so we've got all these streamers
here we're gonna do a spiderweb but it
actually was a lot more trickier than we
thought so we 7x now we've got our table
set up is there a red and blue theme
with our spider-man napkins and spider
me in I don't know what they're called
table centerpieces and then there's like
the red and blue plates and our Starman
cups so kind of went all out on the
spider-man theme there's a little
balloon there from Malachi we've got our
food out got some fruit and some chips
and water got drinks and everything what
else do I need to show you I have a
balloon that has to be
up on the streamer we've got the loot
bags ready to go and inside I just wish
the little bread bags and I just did
everyone gets a spider-man mask everyone
gets some stickers and those stickers so
I realize I get some gummies I'm in the
not spider-man that was hard to do and
look spider-man kinder egg so there's
like a spider-man toy inside the kinder
egg so those are the loot bag I'm pretty
happy with those they weren't that hard
to put together and then you guys
already saw here's my spider-man candle
it's gonna go on the cake see this is
going to sit on the web that I did I
showed you in the last video and my
recipes are there um we've got the game
set up over here we've got like the
buildings so we like cut out like these
buildings and put the windows on and
then we have like these little sticky
things here so they're going to like
stand back and try to like hit the top
window or you know kind of thing and
just like spider-man's like jumping on
the building then we have this big
banner up here happy birthday
spider-man van der banner we've got some
of our games set up so we've got
spider-man bucket game we've got a red
and blue ball game that's really fun
and yeah I think that's basically it
what do you guys think you like the
spider-man party I think it's going to
be a lot of fun and Malachi is already
super excited and ready to have some fun
with his friends and family and
celebrate his birthday and how special
he is in the can't believe he's gonna be
four thanks for watching guys
