does anyone eat those dark chocolate
queen and chocolate cherries they are so
good they're my absolute favorite come
on get through my line the other day
what toffee
so its remembrance day today so Avenue
has her her red shirt on says love
candidates were thankful for the country
that we live in glorious and free and
she has a poppy on for her I remember a
state assembly today and then turn
around sweetie back your head Avenue and
then she's got little canada flags in
her hair all red and white be perfect
for Remembrance Day and all they wanted
was a poppy so guys the one day that my
mom takes the car and I totally forgot
she needed it today I promised avenue
that I walk up that I would go up to her
school join her for the book fair today
because she has money that daddy and her
counted yesterday and she was so excited
to use it but she was a little bit
nervous about it so she wanted someone
view of her so I promised her oh I'll
come I'll come help you thank you i just
need the boys at home my mom and i run
up to the school in the car no I wasn't
thinking thankfully we have a wagon and
so the boys are just gonna chill in the
wagon cuz I don't have a choice and I
gotta walk up this big heavy hill well
this big tall Hill hey guys what's up so
today Vicki send me a big email saying
all kinds of stuff she needs for
Malachi's birthday party so I go to the
dollar store i'm getting all the stuff i
call her i say they only have one color
of all do you want me to still get it
cuz you needed to and she goes well I
don't need that I have that home like
well what did you send on the list she's
like well that's just stuff i need i
don't know if i don't know if i need
from the store yet though so basically
she got me to take back the entire list
of stuff I bought and yeah don't look
frustrated at her but I'm like why did
you send me the email with Alyssa stuff
if you don't even need any of it mykko
leave I decided to play box if I sitting
in the block bucket are you having fun
in there are you is that funny oh I know
look what you set up we set up some
blocks and a book oh yeah you put that
all up yourself okay I actually sitting
in the block bucket watch guys every
time I put leave my hat on you see you
okay okay every time I go to dance a
little button on the bottom
oh look a tickle in oh wow every time
that every time every day every time I
that my butt look what she got she's got
what is it frozen poster book so she's
gonna hang them up on her for a while by
your bed right look at that's so cool no
it's awesome what else did you get look
at Strawberry Shortcake course it's in
French anyone know what this says did to
lake who lose do you know what it says
yeah my cooler is about colors that's
how i use a cooler color is it I don't
know ilse fast quelque chose a dip-head
please I don't know idea guys to of luck
guy's grocery shopping is taking ten
times longer with the family Avenue
you're having fun playing in the aisle
here falda toys like that like the
grocery shopping got pray all the
move on Nicholas big kid let's go can't
help it is to my phone hey guys so once
your family gets so big yeah start using
two grocery carts and two of the seats
because everybody wants to ride plus
look at these does anyone eat those dark
chocolate queen in chocolate cherries
they are so good they're my absolute
favorite come on get through my line the
other day what toffee oh is it your
favorite they have it over there you
want to get some coffee what do you like
more in the comments below in the
comments below would you like mom dark
chocolate cherries like good the things
I just showed you or toffee carbs after
8 min or after eight minutes what's your
favorite chocolate out of those three I
don't want to hear about any other
chocolate so don't even bother coming so
yeah let us know this is what it's like
to shop with Vicki of the price matches
she does yeah it's not fun hey guys just
finished my live google+ hangout I know
I didn't tell you but it was really last
minute I got invited and then I got
asked to actually host it so I last
minute hosted one so if you missed it
it's okay we're probably gonna have a
post it up on my edit a little bit of it
out or whatever but i'll probably post
it up for you guys to check out but i
was hanging out with the crows house as
you know because we just did the
challenge and Jim and Liz vlogs which
you probably also know because we've
talked together before but the new
people that we met tonight was Austin
and Jess so if you want to check out
their channel 2 they are super funny so
you're gonna have to go ahead and check
them out I'll put all the links right
here as I'm talking you can click on
them and watch their blogs because
they're pretty cool so thanks for all of
you guys that came out and hung out
tonight because I know a couple of you
stopped by that was pretty cool hey guys
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe to our channel because we want
you to be a part of our community yes
this is a once an election opportunity
that you may not get again so go ahead
and click that subscribe button now and
also leave some comments below so we can
get to know you a little bit better and
that way we can start talking with each
other and hanging out
and if you haven't already go ahead
check us out on Instagram Twitter and
Facebook because you're gonna get some
bonus content if you do so talk you
later
