we got like this big thick ribbon and
like this little ribbon and we got red
and silver and like red beads and we're
just gonna try it out and see what its
gonna look like
hey guys so it's a good morning it's
Sunday morning and I am taking Avenue to
church today we decided that we were
gonna leave Levi at home and Nick's
gonna stay back with the boys smell if I
doesn't want to go either
so Levi's nose is just like sneezy
boogery gross Ness and I wouldn't want
that in the nursery with my kids so why
would I do that
so weird is gonna keep him home and
Nick's gonna go to the night service
instead then I'll stay home but anyways
I totally got out of changing his stinky
diaper because I was like oh well I had
to go and get ready so you know what
he's all yours
Nick's in there changing oh really gross
poopy diaper hey guys I just got back
from church and Levi was only wearing
one sock and I was like what happened to
the other sock and I go pick it up off
the ground and look guys it has a huge
hole in it it looks like someone took
scissors to his sock like how does that
happen on a little baby sock I told you
I was gonna be hearing a lot of this toy
we do fine guys were supposed to be
decorating our tree this afternoon and I
totally forgot that I have um I'm not
like worship practice but like a
practice with all the vocals I called
the backup singers and stuff to help
with like doing harmonies and everything
and I forgot it's this afternoon Oh hear
us - good
to go and get some Christmas decorations
they have like this big container of red
and silver I think ranae's green Oh red
and green Christmas balls to go on the
tree so really go to regular $25.99 like
come on guys can't put past that after
them guys are having a tough time here a
lot of the stuffs glitter and we don't
like glitter the ones you just showed
her you have these the ones that don't
have glitter do you guys think these
much I don't even know I suck at
decorating trees okay guys
Oh create you know like snowflake light
I'm a big Santa trees all decorated also
pretty all these ornaments everywhere
gold and silver and the other sides all
red color-coordinated pretty cool
I don't like picking ornaments I don't
know what to do I don't think I want it
to look really good and I don't have it
and you picture in your head and then
you don't have the skill to pull it off
why do you like this aisle colors guys
looks like a birthday party
now blue there yeah they got some nice
stuff right so we're back from our
shopping and we hope we got some
coordinated stuff but we don't know
we got like this big thick ribbon and
like this little ribbon and we got red
and silver and like red beads and we're
just gonna try it out and see what its
gonna look like but already I'm looking
at the lights and they're not really
silver they're white no they look good
we shall see I'll show you when we're
done although I have to rush out quickly
for a practice at the church and then
hopefully a lot of time before evening
practice I mean evening service so we'll
see where we're getting the Christmas
balls on the tree now Duggar Christmas
music Abney's putting the first one on
the tree I wanted Nick did a good job on
the ribbon guys check it out he do a
good job
there's our Christmas tree bet that
there's all the new stuff that we got
everything on here is brand new this
year we never had any of this stuff
before right guys
okay how many turn the tree on
and that tree is official now that the
train has turned on yeah we went to buy
another one say it was sixty bucks so I
was like no we'll say he's the same one
this year unless it goes on sale I think
the tree looks great though let me know
what you guys think Levi loves the Train
Levi's are trained whoa the Train yeah
but yeah let me know in the comments
below if you liked the tree if we did
the decorations good if you think is
good leave it give us a thumbs up on
this video so it's getting to the point
where we can't go anywhere though can
you recognize forever no we were right
here today and this lady who has come
there for the first time we came up I
play guitar right so she comes up to me
and she's like I saw you up there and I
was like how do I know this guy and then
she's naming off flakes and things and
she's like and then I realized it's from
the yoga challenge video that was on
YouTube and she saw our Channel and
recognized us from there and we've never
met her before so it was kind of me it
was like getting recognized by so we
didn't know yeah complete stranger it
was cool it was very cool yeah and she
was like really nice too about it she
was like when you gonna do more and like
you guys are so fun yeah it was a cool
so if you're watching these in UCS in
real life and better characters as I
because it really makes us feel good hey
guys thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe you can subscribe already
because you could be the one it becomes
my friend today also leave some comments
below and don't forget to like this
video see you guys tomorrow
