ok i am scaring Livi right now and she's
like absolutely loving it she keeps
asking me like to scare her really funny
it's like this it's kind of her
oh you silly girl okay we're on our way
we're driving to the movies mm-hmm and
we have a gift card so we could totally
splurge at the concession stand yeah
thanks Kim and Kris yes they gave it to
looks like a year ago yeah it was like a
year ago for sure and so funny hey you
were gonna use it now haha so we left
our sick child behind i feel kind of bad
about that I don't hi wait why should I
feel bad they're just gonna lie there
any weight on their toes oh wow Libby's
gonna do okay I think she's gonna do
great she cried when we left and that
made me sad okay it looks like my eyes
look really wonky but it's cuz i think
i'm looking up here I said of here and I
look crooked care to try there I'm
looking at them now they're my eyes look
normal again right
we're going to see the only allegiance
Allegiant uh so yeah well late know how
it goes okay so we got back from our
movie it was pretty good it was a little
predictable soon we better go soon why
are you making that boy nobody's
watching he's focused on me yeah so yeah
I was little predictable but it was
pretty good I still enjoyed it can you
stop such a dork gosh guys I'm from and
how they stand him haha anyways um but
it was still nice to get out but holy
cow we have not been to that like big
Theater and like we lose you go to her
go to a small-time small town theater
and we have not been to a big theater in
a long time and I can't believe how
overpriced it was there was so much
stuff there you got like two regular
popcorn so two drinks and like a thing
of candy for twenty-five dollars I like
are you serious that was like ridiculous
so we used our our whole gift card plus
them really really like I don't know
what it's like for you guys but it was
super expensive way over friday sweetie
norm way overpriced so anyways so we
heard the kids were pretty good
and he was really good with me the girl
yeah yeah you were and she's happy to be
home yeah oh she's such a night owl guys
she's up so late at night I just don't
understand it because she doesn't sleep
like all day and then she's Michael late
when did she sleep anyways Nick's
bugging me to not talk to you guys
anymore he doesn't like you guys anymore
it's not true
I say come sit over here I want to show
you something if she sits down starts
doing a 45-minute blog I want her
attention to it's not all about you guys
oh so Nick promise not to do that dumb
face anymore so we are going to be
looking at juju can you please promise I
do it anyway I can't promise but we're
here tryna I can try okay we're going to
look at kitchens to see what kind of
designs me like because we're going to
meet with the visit design team interior
decorator for a new house not a team of
designers no oh so will the design team
we're ready to pick out what we want
what do i do I never bought new house
before and it's I'm really excited so
we're just like looking at a bunch of
different kitchens see what we like so
we kind of know
you
