so Vicki play a pop Kane in the freezer
and sploded
good morning guys and it is a good
morning Malik I just had a huge
accomplishment and it's a momentous stay
in this household he's about to show his
daddy when he did this morning all by
himself you spell your entire name guys
he's learning me awesome job hey dude
that's really good you do the whole
thing by yourself little thing daddy so
okay so sometimes Nick puts coke in the
freezer to make it cold right away so he
can drink it faster if it's like taken
out of the cupboard and I think this
almost forgotten about remember that
spill a vegetable oil well look at my
freezer look like coke exploded it all
over it looks oh look at it going Oh
everywhere yay I get to clean it up
check out what i just found in my a
container so i'm looking at my like to
get my grocery list raisa seeing what i
need for supper tonight ingredients and
stuff and I leave the aged and they made
us uh knees down and so I open the eggs
and then put like a toy any place the
shape of an eight looks like an egg and
put the eggs inside a current I wonder
you did that I'll have to ask when they
get home from school cuz I don't think
Levi would have done that but I'm
thinking it could have been a venir
Malachi so we'll see have you guys have
ever found something in like a weird
place like a strange place but you're
you know your case put your key
somewhere or something like that share
it in the comments below I want to hear
your funny stories too we just had a
huge storm here and it was like pouring
rain and really windy it's calmed down
quite a bit but this guy still kind of
argh know if you can see it's kind of
dark still so now we're just walking up
to get Avenue because it looks like it's
past so we should be okay walking
thankfully but look at Mallik I thought
his raincoat and in rain boots and
Levi's got his raincoat in his brain
boots and they have matching jackets all
right thank you okay so i went to the
bulk barn today and got the kids treat
because there's these candies that we
like and there's so many different
flavors Makka you want to kind of see
the tree oh hi God you these guinea yes
you like those whoa whoa back back back
you like it do you like that happening I
got two flavors bubble gum because you
already like the bubble gum I know Hank
cotton candy my polite well I don't like
Pokemon polite wonderful children are
going to say thank you thank you so if I
have after supper and I was at the blog
barn and I go to these two restaurants
one of them is called teriyaki with an
exclamation mark I don't know if I has
it ! actually and other one has is
called is a vietnamese place and both
them have this hot sauce it's so stinkin
delicious like the best hostiles have
ever had but i know is wonder where you
get that never seen in a ghost or
anything fuck is you talkin or nothin oh
and so I'm involved boring getting their
stuff and look what I find sriracha hot
chili sauce this is the best hot sauce
ever if you're looking for a great hot
sauce go to the bulk barn and buy one of
these you will not be disappointed so
stinking it so Vicki play a pop Kane in
the freezer and sploded no i did not
what about candy freezer yeah you did
you did no i didn't i would never do
that I don't even drink pop you can tell
from my pc hell that I am NOT a
confident you power when you're lying
good you go no I know I do that I do you
get like a little grin thing no sorry
I'm not a good liar like you Vicki good
liar at all guys and sucks at lying
that's not bad thing it's not a bad
thing to be like it just like let's not
pop there at the bottom I like the top
like it just like went ok so happy I are
going to the grow store because tomorrow
I have a potluck and it's a pie potlucks
you have to bring something like this
apply so like chicken Popeye shepherd's
pie whatever I'm just bringing pie by
because the I forgot about it till
yesterday so we're gonna go to the store
see if we can buy like a pre-made pie
crust so we just put our filling in and
bacon ok guys so we found a pie crust we
got tender flake so let's try this if
you guys ever tried that before do you
like it I've never tried it we tried the
flaky thing it was like looked like a
butter like a bar of butter and then you
take it out and you mix it up with stuff
and then you make it by crest but we
never tried this one I can you guys need
to see me right now is it too dark I
don't know but check out the clouds over
there
there's like a really awesome sunset
happening yeah it's really cool yeah I
know it's like this really cool sunset
we're missing it rain down we're totally
missing today okay guys look at this
sign and tell me if you get why it's
funny to the sign is here list in the
comments below and let me know why you
think that's funny and I'll tell you why
it's funny in a second okay so did you
guys get the sign how could you if you
were blind and you had to push the
button to make the noise come how would
you know to read the sign that the press
the button longer it doesn't make any
sense why would you make his sign like
that does anyone else think that is
weird or am I just missing something hey
guys so I finished my power I here it is
I know it doesn't look amazing but I
think it'll taste pretty good I'll see
you tomorrow when everyone give me their
reactions but it's tricky make it
started exploding over the side and then
it was just went on from there are
burning levin stuff but yeah so that's
it I'll see if people like it tomorrow
I'll let you guys know thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe this
month if you want to be enter for your
chance to win a free t-shirt from our
channel and that is coming up quick the
end of the month so you only have a
little bit of time left to get into the
entry and also don't forget to thumbs up
this video and leave some comments below
if you want because we would like to
have conversations with you so talk to
us so because we're interested I don't
even care if it was a dumb thing you
want to talk about it I'll talk about it
that's how interesting in anyway see you
guys tomorrow
