who guys today is Sunday Nick ditched us
he's at church on worship team and i'm
at my um friends in my cell group and
her little girls getting dedicated today
at their church um which was a bit of a
dry but the kiss did good balc I fell
asleep ebony felt fine and levi's with
us too and I think he was awake the
whole time too and ebony is just in
shock on how big this church is Right
Avenue what does it have where does it
have a big huge parking lot yeah it's
like a shopping mall isn't it I know if
you guys can see it it's hard to tell
but it's like look at all the cars it's
like such a big church and I'm sure you
guys are really used to that if you're
like in the States or whatever I know
there's a huge churches there but like
we're not and we like have like small
town churches so to us it's like whoa so
I get inside I'm sure it's gonna be a
humongous so we are in the washroom of
the church and took shower I'm just a
baby shower look at that with soap and
everything like a shower is a bathroom
at church that's the biggest okay guys
have you ever had this happen to you
where you're relaxing and you're lying
down on the couch and you're having a
little nap little snooze because you
just spent the whole day with your three
kids by yourself because your husband
wasn't with you and you know you're
tired out from a long drive like over an
hour and you just want to just to relax
I just have a little sleep on the couch
and so you have your little sleep on the
couch and you've only been asleep maybe
20 minutes or so and you know you're
just so sound asleep is so cozy and
comfy and all three kids or climbing on
you and you don't care because you're
just oh this is the best nap ever and
then your husband goes in terms of
vacuum on yeah have you had that happen
to you before probably not i'm probably
something you're saying your husband
vacuums you're lucky yeah he vacuums
when he decides to vacuum once in a blue
moon for one thing and he doesn't what
I'm having a nap after a really long day
with the kids like seriously Nicholas
seriously did you really
have to vacuum like 20 minutes into my
nap like that was ridiculous he's like
you should be napping in the bedroom
anyways I'm like doesn't matter if it
was in the bedroom I was still here the
vacuum like how dare you good I was just
ticked off hey guys so church is now
over everybody came with me tonight the
worship was pretty good the only problem
is their monitor systems aren't that
great so like I have myself turned up to
the max and then Vicki after the things
always look I couldn't even hear you so
what sucks man cuz like I feel like if
you can't hear me why am I even playing
Johnny mean what's the point of thing
but I guess is a badass very eyes HD
ashamed jerk I just want to play loudoun
like if no one can hear me is your
purpose of my instrument being played
not like I'm not saying in itself a good
I want you to hear the people are you
clean it obviously i'm playing for the
people the area but i'm playing it in
worship but the people are there like if
it wasn't playing for the tivo what's
the point just stop all right just maybe
i won't turn me up to the max all i want
people to hear is me only no but so ya
think we're pretty good we just gave all
the kids medicine leave i was like more
more more because he loves his medicine
he loves it but yeah that's about it for
tonight tomorrow maybe up some more
vlogs I want to go on a date with Vicki
tomorrow night but she has to find her
she's working for PA day tomorrow we
have been in a deep for like over a year
yeah it has tell me a glass tea we had I
think we've logged in I remember this
conversation in video in it it was a
year ago unless it was like eight months
ago in our first logs I remember having
this conversation anyway so no we didn't
we need to go up for anniversary what a
horrible couple here anyways so I
desperately wanted Wi-Fi maybe you can
be praying this week that will win a
trip to Turkey
anniversary yeah they give you running
that trip that we've logged alone yeah
so tomorrow we might go on a sweet date
so just stay tuned for tomorrow hey guys
I'm glad to end the vlog now don't
forget to subscribe this month if you
want to win a free e t-shirt from our
channel and if you're already our
subscriber you're already entered into
the drop so don't worry and also don't
forget to comment and give us a thumbs
up if you like this video we'll see you
guys tomorrow so have a good night
