so I had to walk over to my aunt house
Nick Santo and to go and get use her
printer for hf idea chef recipes for my
show tonight because ours wasn't working
and then hers wasn't working and I can
get anything to work and I just having
bad luck with computers today but oh
well anyway so we're walking back and
leave I run so fast and started climbing
up the stairs because he wants to go on
the trim Felina this is mom help me up
ain't gonna dance let me see you damn
thank you jump whoa big jump oh that's
fun are you ready queen who loves doing
that oh man guys what a crazy day so
I've been like rushing around trying to
get everything ready for my hamper chef
show tonight you know make sure I packed
everything that I needed um you know all
like the specials and stuff to hand out
and catalogues and water forms and all
that guy stuff and so here I am mo
packed up here oh just begs just the
groceries that I bought just the cookies
and stuff to help with the desert and um
yeah so I'm talking at my stuff and I
realized I have like this much chipotle
rub left and my whole recipe is like two
tablespoons such a full day there's no
way I have enough so I called my friend
one that call a facebooker Nicole who
you've met at the conference video that
I did and I was like do you have any and
so thankfully I had my mom's car today
and I could go and pick it up so Nicole
you're a lifesaver so she let me borrow
her tooth pulled a rub there is no
better way to work than outside on your
deck and then the kids are just freaking
this horse is it inside of the house is
a messy enough they like to make a mess
up by two so Malachi's been playing with
a skipping rope and Levi like dug in the
basket and the big bucket right here
until he found one too he wants to be
just like his big brother it's so cute
look it jump over the room jump can you
skip and rope like Malachi they're so
cute
subscribe to our blog hey guys so his
family movie night in the house is a
complete disaster making at a pampered
chef show tonight so she was just busy
getting ready for that and just things
piling and piling boiling so I cleaned
up a lot of it you probably can't even
tell you but like that's clean no it's
not clean but I cleaned up a bunch of it
already making some supper and then
we're having a family movie night on the
air mattress yeah it's gonna be fun so I
don't even really know if we're going to
vlog that much snake kids we're just
gonna watch the movie then go to bed and
I'll see what it's like because it's so
hard now in Canada because it's so dark
so really when I make the vlogs later
they're all like gross looking at pics
later I gotta do something a couple of
logs probably but I hope they don't look
bad because I hate it when I am editing
the video I'm like look how bad this
looks so yeah anyways I have a question
for you guys do you like when we do the
family movie reviews and the Nick verse
big challenges because we like doing it
but if we're finding it's not getting a
ton of views and we're thinking well
maybe we should just stop doing if
nobody's really interested in it so let
us know what you think so leave I can't
say much but you can say the important
stuff what's that please what is it
cookies see cookies do you want cookies
please say cookies cookies say it I know
you want one but you say cookies cookie
hey keeps going please please please
please give me some good to give me a
thunk up Keith hey guys so I'm going to
go ahead and end the vlog and you're
probably thinking wow that end slate
looks a lot cooler because I've been
try and figure some stuff out anyway
don't forget subscribe click the thumbs
up button and leave some comments below
because really want to get to know you
and bonus if you subscribe this month
you're entered to win a free vlog
teacher so yeah that could be you we're
in the Canadian family vlog t-shirt and
you got out for free so don't forget to
subscribe anyway see you guys tomorrow
