hey guys I was going welcome to family
movie reviews yeah it's a night working
when you talk about minimum do I know
what that is it's a movie so we watched
it was really funny i liked it i really
liked that movie i think it's gotten a
lot a lot of adult humor in it that
makes it you like not be bored with the
movie like you know what I got as a kid
movie yeah i would say it doing like a
little kid movie put our kids like
personally they like it yeah they liked
it and it has a really good message to
us all about this guy who's like
everyone counts them out and thinks
you're just gonna be bad kid all the
time nobody got like you oh well hey Dan
he decides inside you know what no I'm
gonna be good yeah turn changes his
attitude yeah Rob yeah thank start to
work out from so it's kind of really
cool nice it like one of the funny lines
is like you know they're all like
cheering for him and he's like back up
and he like has got a little gun he's
like chewing them away and the reporter
girls like sorry you just don't use
people liking him yet perfectly it's
automatically on the defense yeah it was
really good oh it's a good Nikki the
kids like it the guy's a little bit
weird looking because he's blue and it's
a big head and stuff crazy scary so I
know I was a scary just any candy
personality makes them funny and like
you know like criminals are dumb it's
like totally takes that like for sure um
it's really good so for a job side to
eat I'd say I give it to attend for an
adult oh for sure I love it so I was
watching over and over for kids i'd say
probably in a half yeah for like five
and up yeah yeah nap time enough it was
getting yeah so thanks for well as know
what you think about it when you watch
it yeah thanks for watching and don't
forget if you go to our playlist you can
see all the movies over review right see
ya
you
