hey mate in my life you miss mama
good morning so today I have both boys
home with me and normally on thursdays i
have three out but I'm taking him I'll
crush the doctors today for that that
little bump on his lip to see what it is
we've been waiting like a couple months
now for the dermatologist appointment so
hopefully it's not a long wait we're not
there a long time but that's this
afternoon um so yeah right now this
morning I am going to enjoy a bowl of
alphabets yummy and Haku what made you
join me feel I you have some apple bits
too mmm yummy oh he's so big dark eyes
he's 19 months tomorrow my mom is
scrubbing pee out of the carpet because
when she was watching Levi when I took
Malachi to his appointment Levi wet p
when he didn't have his diaper on and on
his face and it got everywhere didn't it
did it get everyone oh my goodness you
got a new outfit cuz I went all on his
shirt yeah was it a mess yeah big mess
boys let me tell ya just take a leave I
for a little walk well we're going to go
get Avenue from the quest
he looks so cute all bundled up guys
Levi are you tune on your hat say hi hi
I gave little boots and this little hat
and a little cute little pea coat you're
just so cute er into you happening I me
Joe last night and here you hold the
camera here's what we like to do hey sat
down hey drop it on that means head
right ah yeah we have the spell right
Joe yeah so good trapping me last night
should be yummy it time to organize the
Legos so apnea organizing all the Legos
in two different color baggies because
we don't want to have to search forever
for the color piece of e is kind of
frustrating so we're going to do this
way so it's quicker to find the stuff it
happening that means a little bit upset
cuz she misses mommy right it's hard for
everybody to adjust to mommy being at
work at nighttime what's the matter
what's the matter inmate Lala you miss
mama ok she'll be home soon as you yeah
why don't we have fun to put away this
Lego
how's wrong with you I must be a
horrible person cuz everybody misses
mommy so much ok see ya hopefully it'll
be a good night tonight ok so it's 815
and the kids are finally in bed sleeping
oh my gosh guys I don't know what I'm
gonna do leave I will sleep in our bed
the kids miss Vicki so much at nighttime
when she works they just scream and cry
until they finally falls on his sleep
after screening for an hour man
adjusting like the smallest adjustment
in our structure of the way we do normal
things completely changes like their
entire habits it's crazy anyways thanks
for watching don't forget to subscribe
leave some comments below and give us a
thumbs up see you guys tomorrow
