so Vicki went through all these receipts
to try and find out one receipt for a
Walmart thing that we bought like last
month if you can't find it and I
sissippi remember putting it away sounds
like I'm gonna need this receipt for
warranty and I can't make it and you
lost it so now I have to go to walmart
and say can you let me exchange this and
see what does he cuz I have a box or
anything because this year Vicki I'm a
single dad I got all these kids I got a
raise on my own I can't afford another
humidifier not liar Vicki ok so we're a
lucky and they exchanged the stupid
humidifier so I saved yourselves 60
bucks because those things are expensive
I don't know if you had to purchase a
humidifier before but they cost a lot of
money and leave I exchanged his toy
because he got an intro that broke when
we got home so he took it back and got a
new Ninja Turtle so he's pretty excited
about that so I'll show you two guys in
a few minutes he thought you had the
dentist you're a big boy now aren't you
how old are you 3 or 3 now yeah you in
the big dentist chair oh look at the
monkey and you get to watch TV lucky boy
oh let's not bite the mirror the lion
roar go aah oh very nice look at that
beautiful you're doing such a great job
very good keep it nice open ah make a
big picture or easy no no just new video
oh good can you look at me you put your
unit is me there you go Kenji darkest
one okay we're gonna count ready you
can't UT and we're gonna tickle one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten haha that's what we said in the car
didn't we have in the bottom three
fingers more than jealousy let's find
out 123456789 who's the bottom two
babies in there hey job really big big
big big beefy thanks look at her okay
okay and bike together I light you up
and down up and down to news I'm gonna
hold its yep up and down up good huh
like a capper dials net me why let me
see you turning around Samantha's seat
oh we the Pooh one awesome you guys ever
do such a good job amazing we have some
more stuff for you leave I will go to
the front and you can choose a toy from
the treasure chest oh and you're gonna
take your picture because you had no
cavities yay good job go leave a break
up we go what do you see they all have
different stuff in there look at panty
what is that uh I don't know it's hard
to see me do you like that what is that
I think it's like a little case of
something can open it then I'm a ball
and it looks like a balls and a ball see
ya i think it might be a ball you want
the ball okay Levi are you excited to
show your brother and sister what you
got the dentist what did you get it ball
and toothbrush yay all right let's go
show them
and you know what else he found out at
the dentist that Levi has no room for
any new teeth to grow and has to go to
an orthodontist and it's going to cost
mom and dad a fortune because he has a
cross bite as well so he has to get an
appliance great just lovely news but on
the plus side he's in any cavities are
you gonna cost mom and dad a lot of
money yeah yeah you are yeah thank you
okay oh there's a gate is there a gate
up now do we need a gate up because of
You Libby you have a gate oh he can't
come out daddy he can't get out Danny
trapped us what did you get boy and a
toothbrush and with that it a
certificate you're an official member of
the cavity free team yes you yeah you
want to see what else is not glue those
braces he needs a frat is cuz he has a
cross bite and he has no room for teeth
to grow a joke no as I said so another
way she's gonna cost a lot of money and
she was like yep start saving now i
should say i'm good to go for the
appointment he's not are you sure
orthodontist stuff isn't you sure and
pretty sure she's not your volume or you
gonna pay for this the kanji $10,000 it
seems Rebecca buying this mommy yeah so
guys I'm sorry
the receipts away that I went through
and guess what I just found this piece
of paper like this and I was like oh
what's this and I opened it up and it's
ass Britain thing that Malachi wrote
that i wanted to key because he wrote
like his first sentence kind of thing
and inside is a walmart receipt and give
me the fire wasn't believe it ah so if
they don't return it then hopefully like
nickels bring back and i could take the
receipt but they might have just did the
exchange anyways without it we'll see
but I knew I had it hate when that
happens so it's March Break and usually
you get that so much fun of march break
but malachi has a super high fever over
100 please you've been sleuthing around
and sleep at all the exact feeling good
and it's been raining and it's supposed
to rain for the rest of the week it's
not right now but it's gloomy and grow
since it still gross so it's been a
really bummer mark Streit the only one
is having a good time is Libby all right
Libby yeah my good time yeah yeah make
your time yes you are yes you are you
don't leave I sick he's got a runny
snotty nose when will the sickness stop
I think he's got to go to work tonight
leave me with all the sick kids and the
baby thanks BP I really know that you
love and care for you and you do stuff
like this
you
