yay cookie
hey guys so I'm just walking in jiggle
get Malachi from school and I just had a
nap as you can tell I've always the
hobbits heated mark on my face but I
looked in the mirror I had like an
indent on my face from where I was
sleeping anyways I hope is still not
there I hope is not there but I might
actually see people hey guys so I was on
my way home and I was gonna go get cocky
like a bad guy again I was gonna get
this Siamese cat brand new too much old
baby the cutest cat you ever seen and
what is Vicki say what you say Vicki are
you seen him tell everybody what you
said I said no it was free by the way
yeah but it still didn't have it shot
sorry and it wasn't even litter trained
but it was New Year's oh no cats
literature you have to train the litter
for your house with Ron you take your
thing go get it so yeah I didn't get no
okay I was already gone my time I got
home someone else already took it that's
how good a catalyst listen guys what hey
we don't better so close my face what
breed of cat do you think is the best
for her family I really i grew up with
orange tabbies and i thought they were
the better male don't even cuddle it is
run away yeah when I do their own thing
you totally cuddle my always covered
every cats like that as long as you
treated nicely ah I'm getting a dog then
we'll see you something we're any good
honestly I thought they weren't but
Nixon research didn't they work is this
what you really good know if you think
that stymies are good or not yeah I'm
gonna get a dog now is dead and then
what kinds are you gonna get this heavy
a chihuahua know what did you all up I
like them they're so small they're not
all yippee or maybe I'll get like
governor favor that stereotypical dog I
will never get a big dog I don't know
what's that dog called my grandma has uh
because it's ooh yeah that's what I'm I
should see those things are cool because
of their names okay so yeah that's just
an update what Vicki did to ruin
night okay bye okay so Vicki just put
all her weight on my neck yeah then I
was like oh like right over the counter
like virginity and crying and stuff she
said oh my gosh are you okay I'm like I
have to go to the doctor my neck hurts
so bad signika okay okay and I was like
stop I machine it's not a no stop it
seriously it's not just as you're pretty
and I was like oh my neck hurt so bad
she's icky okay and I was faking victory
me I got me good it was a kid when I
wish I had the whole thing on video so
you could be like I'm Vicki I can't
leave school to though it was pretty
good the screen was really good well it
was right away they got to do it right
away it wasn't like on it really hurts
like it was like as soon as I did it he
was like what's wrong what's wrong hey
you're pointing at the good news he's
pointing over here at the cookies
they're over there is a cookie hey hey
cookie no you can't have one yes two hot
oh they're too hot they know is fasting
young handsome young even clean cool
down yeah you have to wait for them to
cool down you're right leave I guess
what the cookies are ready they cool
down oh the cookies cool down there
ready okay ah hey please please please
please yeah please you gonna have a
cookie yay Dickey okay one let's go get
mine ready go get it
okay oh sure you can get cookie mmm YUM
be by you cookie yeah you can have it
you can get it here have you seen a
shower have it oh that's a big one oh
good thank you oh yeah maybe should go
see in your eye chart maybe you're right
yeah it's good any this hey thank you
thank you he's like how thank you by
eating in thank you mm-hmm hey guys
thanks for watching why are you laughing
hey guys thanks for watching the lovely
don't forget to subscribe leave some
comments real and give vicki was just
talking and she's like it can't be my
story I just started eating the vlog
because you kept talking on and on and
on and on I'm gonna tell you my story
tomorrow and you will be very interested
okay see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to subscribe bye
