hey guys what's up so we got some Lego
SWAT team in the mail today check it out
so we mop a place together right okay
and they're gonna play with it
yes let's see it's up to you - what are
you doing oh that's nice spring a letter
fella from the bottom channel cuz
they're pen pals in them so you can't
play so yeah we're almost time for our
trip to Disney in Florida we're really
excited she oh don't turn back really
yeah yeah that's cool sweet so that's a
little dish so yeah I'm so excited I
think I bet I'm working on all you guys
go ahead it's true
look who we got Disney World the map of
Wonders I want to go here but I think it
might be too big Vegas we get three
parks so we're probably getting Magic
Kingdom oh what's that
in the animal kingdom the animal kingdom
yeah we're not doing his Epcot and
that's the one that I wanted to do it is
good I've been there it's only good for
adults ah okay it's like with adults is
cool because you walk around and you go
to all these different spots and you see
like what it's like in that world place
for the world now okay what do you want
you most yeah I just want to go on a
ride with your cousins that's sweet I'm
actually looking forward to just going
swimming in this one here pools at the
hotel for me just relaxing hey Vicky
what are you looking forward to most
yes I don't think I'm gonna be able to
handle rides like I used to
there's adult rights there's a right
that goes from zero to 60 miles per hour
in three seconds first maybe six
like check out my new Lego or I guess
the kids new Lego it's a SWAT team yeah
that's right what awesome I think so I
got it for a dollar on you being pretty
good deal check it out these binoculars
Shh my vision yeah there's even bombs
okay
the pistol comes out of the holster and
you can use it to like shoot stuff if
you want it you can strap good needs to
their backs
take them off throw my guys every guy
has around pistols they have little
blows walkie talkie pieces hats SWAT
shields machine guns flashbang grenades
all kinds of awesome stuff all kinds of
guns and knives Oh which guys a knife I
strapped a knife on one of these guys I
think it was this guy check it out it's
got a nice chapters back just in case
things get close close encounter a night
vision hmm let's do this
yeah we really like leg alright apni
well you're all fuzzy well ok I'm all
kinda gonna have a battle ready here
comes a grenade
who's shooting you for the sniper done
if you need you can throw a grenade on
me oh you win hey guys so I'm just gonna
go ahead and end the vlog and afroditi
mission I feel so much better see so
thank you guys for those of you pray for
me to feel better I feel like a million
times better than I did the last couple
of days and yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe leave
some comments below and give us a thumbs
up if you want and yeah I'll see you
guys from I'm goodnight
