hey good morning guys so I'm busy
cleaning out my fridge and um I last
night Nick was like where'd you put the
potato salad that I bought like um I
don't know when he bought it but he said
he bought potato salad and he accused me
of throwing it out and he didn't know
where it was nice to just look in the
fridge it prolly just went behind
something and he said he looked in the
whole fridge and it wasn't there what
did I just find a potato salad and it
was just right here in the corner in the
back like really really their clothes
really how did you miss it was like
behind the butter and stuff breathing
crazy I tell ya so Nicholas there you go
i do not throw it out and just so you
know there is an expiry date on it cuz
you said it doesn't expire it does
obviously he's got eight in it to look
at September 11th you missed it by four
days sorry honey
neva is gonna pick a show to watch thank
you buddy oh yeah we gotta wait gotta
load up oh you're sitting ah oh ok pick
ok which one Daniel Tiger us Daniel
tiger Oh Daniel tanker malachi laramie
good bread and we both have our own ball
ah good good yeah we both have our own
spoons and we're mashing away did you
get it did you get your egg getting your
butter while you're shortening oh ok
you're splattering everywhere keep it in
the bowl I call it looking good I so
many bananas my freezer guys I cleaned
up my freezer I organize it all
throughout stuff that was like
completely freezer burned I'm walking
home from getting at me from the bus and
I see a turtle I'm like I'll look a
turtle and then I realize it got run
over seas see it was a turtle it's
definitely a turtle you can see it shell
on his tail at little head and then you
can see you gonna crown on him pick
someone or something is not a movie
not moving what yeah he's definitely
dead poor little guy yeah there's his
guts over there oh he would have been a
really cute turtle to see walking around
the baby one maybe that big snapping
turtle we had on the like a few videos
back now probably 20 come or not videos
back on the bridge yeah maybe it's it's
baby it looks like it has that kind of
shell maybe Amy um maybe um I met her
family of it I didn't oh maybe it looks
like he got run over though hi yeah are
you from the shoulder like we got it
wasn't me so I got all these clothes
here that I'm going through that were
given to me um from one of the ladies on
our street that the bus stop with Avenue
she said I have lots of clothes here
that my son doesn't fit into if you want
them for your boys how nice is that what
a blessing A's I got like all these
goals to go through and a lot of them
are Disney clothes which is really cool
because now he's got like Disney shirts
and stuff to wear when we go so that's
really fun is that nice have all those
clothes oh but I i had a shraddha gosh i
love you you got me a flower cuz you
love me on pink sunny okay that's so
sweet don't have the sweetest little guy
well big guy right hey big boy yeah yeah
yeah thank you look you got me a flower
cuz he loves me
subscribe to my vlog hey guys what's up
so I just got home and my t-shirts are
here t-shirt you see what are those for
next oh I don't know Canadian Pammy vlog
maybe yeah we got some swag shirts some
merch so I'm gonna try them on and I'll
show you guys and if they really suck
eggs really grab teachers didn't I hope
take down the website because we've
never tried in yet but I wanted to buy
some to make sure they were good before
we sold in people because I don't want
to like to sell crap everything right so
nope it up try them on so excited he
knows banana bread hmm I came home to
banana bread actually that will be
really good okay so here's one of the
shirts are turns on camera hey did you
love that if you blog ya cain't Bailey
love what I got that and I got this one
it's all in these blog and I got this
one boom just what I it you can get
every one of these three shirts in any
color yes so you don't have to get as
far as I guess right but if you're going
to be a buffer festival this year I'm
going to be giving away some t-shirt so
make sure you come see me if you're
already a subscriber to worry you're in
the driver when you teach your sheep I'm
not again tree for me subscribers so if
you want to buy one of these shirts and
you're like boy I wish I could just get
one you can go on to our YouTube channel
and in like the little picture of me
mouth I there there's like the links
that you can go to different things one
of them says so hard t-shirt stuff so if
you click on that it will bring you to
the this is a really horrible
explanation they'll bring you to our
merchandise page so you can get t-shirts
hats all kinds of cool stuff just so you
know we are all eating the corn on the
cob taste delicious sec around much
better I think I overcooked it last
night tonight I really kept an eye on it
and it is way better taste it yeah cuz
sometimes when Vicki cooks she'll like
cookie initial leave it like a cake why
is everything so broke understand we
were wrong but for what it all maybe he
just left it only for 10 minutes mr. i
get really just do that all the time
what ninety percent of time is good oh
holy tempers are what did that tempers
it happen okay guys check out this
awesome lego that have me just bills
drive it over the back door okay open
what's inside oh no it's the emergency
we gotta get this guy to the hospital
and this thing can come and stuff it's
pretty cool we gotta get deal it was a
set you got ambulance fire truck to mock
i just broke by try get that guy okay
fire truck has all cut stuff and
policeman it's pretty good set so we're
just met the night oh sorry even comes
with a skateboard let's see a skateboard
rafi cool either yeah yeah yeah there's
a kid anyway so yeah we just spent the
night building this it was a lot of fun
maokai helped to build the more cycle we
had a little hard time because it's
still our friend avenue build the
ambulance all by yourself good job
avenue and we can't wait to get the next
set great abney um hey did you walk that
uh yeah I did we're gonna end the vlog
yeah sure end it together sure
no it's forever and it's jesse from full
house how's it go it's that you don't
know hey George it's so would be happy
without you is it my head guys I can
hear it in my head you know that song
I'm talking about from full house for
Jesse's things it's like background the
twins and staff is like forever I've
been so happy loving you or something
like that I don't really know how it
goes but it's in my head what how it
goes okay in the comments below okay
thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe leave some comments below suis
know you and thumbs up I remembered one
hey see tomorrow bye
