what are you doing you crazy kid do you
have a headband on yeah India Ebony's
head being done he's Blake you knew what
had been done in your carrying the other
way oh that with gravity
then guys when I was in a hard time
getting out the door this morning first
of all Nick and I'm not want to get out
of bed we were like kicking each other
both giving each other to get out of the
bed first and oh it's already twenty to
eight I'd be leaving right now I take my
old kind of school if he was going today
and I'm so glad he's not because he's
still in his jammies good kiss we're
just not motivated today I think it has
something to do with the weather it's so
like cloudy and dreary outside like it's
gonna rain again it's just um not a very
motivating day so hey dude to get out
the door to get on me to the bus stop so
we better get a move on look what if I
did all on his own when I was climbing
out he climbed into the toy bucket can
you get out too oh my what a big boy you
are now Oh chase your mind hey you
change your mind all right he's duck
yeah yeah I'm stuck do you need help so
today is a pretty cold day it's pretty
windy out there I don't know if you can
tell if I point out the window see the
trees moving a little bit okay it
doesn't look as Whitney earth cold right
now but it's absolutely free them just
kind of say so what better thing to eat
on a cold day then what do we have real
what are we eating we et merci little
soup it's the best thing to you on a
cold day and we got our grilled cheese
sandwiches play with Malik I got i'll
forget e if it's an animal 100 and
crackers for our soup to dip in our soup
no mm-hmm yummy
so I just magically turned my double
stroller into a triple stroller it's
free i was sitting on the top and the
vibes in the bottom here and there is
Malachi in the front so look at that
three in one shoulder thankfully
Brielle's still tiny that she can fit
there and her bum doesn't hurt on the
cup holders he liked it up there don't
you was it fun yeah he's been riding
there the whole time yeah we were
rushing so fast to get from the store to
omni's bus stop so we wouldn't miss her
so I was like quick Brielle and I put
her up there and then she loved it you
don't look like you love it Wow yeah you
do okay so now we're ten minutes early
we actually rushed too fast and now we
got to wait here for Avenue to come and
it started to rain was just spitting so
we're okay right we're okay you can get
a little wet right yeah thank you what
you're right you don't want to wait no
we have to be patient bummer hey ass up
so we're just having supper and I'm he's
like I could give me some spaghetti with
lots of cheese as to how much he goes
tons so I favorite and that what you
wanted yeah YUM if you like cheese in
your spaghetti comment bloated your
turns but even guys discussing go Oh
spell that out figure it out about that
but that block just ending some videos
and Vicki went out to her pampered chef
meeting but Albany can't sleep she's too
upset but another good thing about
vlogging is right now she's just
watching back all of our old vlogs on
the TV cuz she wants mommy and now she's
like one of the here mommy's poison
stuff so she's watching them on the TV
and she gets to see her mom where
normally if you didn't do this like
Victoria have to wait for your home so
that's not a cool thing about vlogging
just know we took the ball I me oh haha
thank you oh oh okay see ya hey guys so
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog now
both the kids fell asleep
watching our vlogs with because they
wanted to see mommy so that was guy cute
but yeah so if you ever subscribed
already go ahead and click the subscribe
button below leave some comments if you
want to start some conversations and
join the community and don't forget to
give us a thumbs up thanks for watching
see you guys tomorrow
