maokai what are you doing jumping off
the cooktop boo this is a true car lover
a year this really know somebody loves
hot wheels when they lie down and dumped
their Hot Wheels collection on top with
oven sit in a bath of Hot Wheels cars
you're covered in cars man haha that's
funny
so we are ready for a fun day today we
are oh we are going to a birthday party
at this really fun cool playground place
and all three kids get to go so it's
going to be so much fun fun they're so
excited they've never been before so
right now they're busy making their
birthday cards for the birthday girl is
Ella you messed up your five looks
awesome over here looks so good what oh
hey the letters because the 2 l's that's
okay so you gonna make me win oh good
are you coming a birthday card for ella
ta ok that's so nice yeah I'll try to do
some recording in there I don't know if
them they have rules are not that you
can't but I think I can probably get
some recording of it so i'll show you
guys how much fun it's going to be okay
we're on our way we're going into town
to go find a big giant bag for the
present and then we're going to go and
do some returns at giant Tigers we're
going to be near there again and and
then we're gonna go to the party so you
know we get there hey guys what's up so
I am home alone Vicki technique is your
birthday party and I couldn't go because
I have to go to play on the worship team
tonight so that'll be fun but I was
going to record these cool videos for
this new project I'm working on but my
DSLR camera battery is dead so I started
getting it all set up and then the
battery died so I know let that charge
for like an hour or something and then
in the meantime I'm gonna make some
gaming videos you're gonna checked out
my gaming channel yeah he's check it out
as gamers or vantage point so
youtube.com slash gamers vantage point
and yeah I'm gonna go I do that now
looking for a choice almost done this
game I think and then I could start
something new so this was fun but the
videos foreigners exciting to watch
because each level is pretty long but
yeah so i will talk to you later
my 50th know what's going on take it Oh
craziness craziness Levi's in the baby
part are you in the baby part all the
toys
like a tree hey guys loving these are
things that go down the hill run it
again are you gonna go on here we go any
bye hey guys so just cooking some
burritos who doesn't like burritos if
you don't like burritos comment below
because I need to know I just need to
know man because we need to talk if you
even had the right burrito there's so
many different types so let me know if
you have had a burrito or if you don't
like them and then we can figure out a
way to get you on board at the burrito
train anyway so I just finished doing
three videos and stuff like that for my
new project is coming up I'm so excited
I can't wait it's gonna be really cool I
can't wait to eat see even what you guys
think about it it comes up breeders done
but it's yeah now I gotta rush over to
the church because I'm a worship team
tonight which is going to be awesome I
love being out where she was like easily
one of my favorite things to do aside
from being with my family and stuff so
yeah that's what I'm doing what are you
guys doing tonight what are you doing
sundays you guys what do you do and the
house to your church do you spend time
with family to read books do you watch
movies what do you do let me know I'm
interested in you that's right other way
around I'm interested in you so let me
know in the comments below what you guys
are doing saying so we're done in the
party it was really fun the kids had a
blast now they're just opening up the
loot bags and they don't even wanna go
home cool I guess I Wankel the slinky
why won't leave I did you have fun you
had fun didn't you you're running around
everywhere
I have fine and you had fun too did you
have fun yeah look well you have a lot
if I medela you guys are playing really
well together just like she really
wanted to hang out with you I kept
hearing Albany already have me
everywhere he's very popular today hey
guys so I just finished a skype video
chat with my cousin who lives way out
west it was really good to catch up with
her and to see her and I told her all
about our vlog so she is going to watch
it and subscribe and comment just like
you should so yeah watch the vlogs
comment we love to hear your comments
and what you have to say and we will
promptly promise that we will respond
back to you as soon as we can and Julia
because you are watching this now you
better comment because i'm watching for
it and awesome please remember to click
the subscribe button that would be great
and feel free to give us thumbs up
because we like those too
