hey guys up this is around three in a
first day I got a weakness I'm gonna
wait so so far I had two points you have
Tommy put you can remember zero so this
is the clinic this is the class pop
challenge Admiral you've heard of ever
seen before so the way it works is you
can use one hand we have to empty your
entire box of kleenex first one the MP
it wins so put one hand behind your back
and whenever you want to go just say go
you're gonna lose Eddie yeah ready go my
whole forearm is deep so tonight here we
go back in the condo my attorney so I'm
not enjoyed the shichi guys see you
chief I need to hold it up did you pull
out a whole stack when you're done hey
how much you pull out in a sec
oh yes bitch I know that wasn't allowed
hey I who did not go wow wow you guys
already bad I'm gonna give it to her
though because there's not that's not
actually great big chunks you went to ya
see so generally it's not as big I
thought maybe you pull it like a huge
could you like that oh no no that's not
all they have an icky yeah you got all I
know oh my tongue all I know is this
going to get cheers will never bother
you again I don't want to do it again so
Nikki's on the scoreboard guys what I
you're gonna make them feel like oh I'm
not gonna pity yeah I'm you guys go
ahead and make your own judgment under
who won that one but i can pick tonight
I pull out to give a tongue cuz I didn't
mean sure see in the replay it was hard
to do okay so do i yeah yeah thanks for
watching guys don't forget to tune in
next week and we'll see what challenges
