hang out us up I don't even know in my
shirt World's Greatest Dad so you're on
the right spot for family movie reviews
so today we're going to talk about
cloudy with a chance of meatballs love
that movie so much hilarious and has
such a good message for kids I think
it's probably one of the most underrated
movies of all time yes so don't over a
little bit I mean now the second ones
out so we're doing the first one and
yeah I think I got skipped over a little
bit from I don't know love the other
know its meaning is no Soviet hilarious
yeah go watch the easily hit easily
tentative tempered you'll have a really
good thing there's so many jokes inside
of it yeah you will not stop live yeah
it's really good and yeah like I said
the message is really really good to
stay true to who you are and not given
up on yourself and your dreams and stuff
yeah it's really good and even for kids
I would easily give it a 10 out of 10
yeah I'll even if any of like scary
parts some of it might be a little bit
over their head and they say well get a
couple of things but I mean that's fine
but that's only you throw a little can
sister yeah like little yeah older
they'll get the whole thing yeah it's
great I would give it 10 minute I'm for
sure for sure that's easily wonder if I
could recommend any movie for you to
watch right now it's cloudy with a
chance so check it out for sure and
there's no I can't think of a single
negative thing about them either alright
well I'll see you next time yeah
