so we just picked a bini up from school
oh yeah how'd it get water on it there's
water on my camera
oh good morning we just spent the last
hour outside like for the day so I have
to leave the house by like quarter to
eight in the morning to go into Mallik I
to school but by the time we drop him
off and come all the way back it's only
like 5 10 minutes before we have to go
catch a band hes bus so we just figured
let's just come from the school and then
we'll just wait at the bus stop that
whole time so that was fun it's like
half an hour at the bus stop because she
was 15 minutes late too so I was like ah
I don't want to do that every morning
and now we got go to the store because
his milk expired today that do go give
him some milk and I want to get some
lettuce like make some fresh salad for
supper tonight so we just picked Avenue
up from school oh yeah there's water on
my camera when you see the watermark on
my lens I'm really bad luck with cameras
I hope it doesn't affect the video
quality sorry hey guys what's up so
today family movie night i'm really
excited guess what Vicki did today go
ahead guess guess Mickey guys right now
she dropped the camera I didn't drop in
water again moving it water seeped into
the compartment that you ought to be
held water seeped into it well there you
go so another camera down hopefully it
works after 15 foot and rice all rights
would be screwed again subscribe
to live life hey guys what's up so
that's about it for tonight Vicki and I
just finished doing this crazy kleenex
box challenge so if you want to see the
best girl Nick you're happy tune in Nick
vs. Nick yeah and pick vs. Nick I burst
myself in the almighty challenge no I
Nick vs thing we're going to be that's
every single Monday so this money coming
up we're doing the Saltine challenge
saltine cracker challenge this one will
be in two weeks so stay tuned in two
weeks I know it's a long time school but
I just want to say that I apologize for
not having more video footage today but
I broke my camera got water in the lens
so it's in rice right now um and then
this morning I was filming a really cute
video Levi and my battery died but I
blew like oh so cool I gotta tell them
okay this is supposed to be the anchor
well guys tell me sure you can tell me
ok so i had the bubble one leave i love
bubble yeah you guys and i was holding
it and i had it like push open like this
makin big giant bubble and the wind blew
it and it honestly was like this big
shiny bauble and it didn't pop for like
such a long time don't you guys why she
should have seen that but Vicki's camera
lesson thanks for watching don't forget
to subscribe give us some thumbs up and
leave some comments below if you want to
join the community there's lots people
leaving comments so if you want to get
replies from us or from any other people
that are part of this community go ahead
and start commenting we look forward to
seeing what you have to say thanks for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow
