Wow look at the box and the floor
once again it's very quiet in this
household if I sit meeting some new
bread he got this bread grandpa from
downstairs is pumpernickel and rye bread
and he likes it too good mmm that's good
because he only tends to like eating
breads and berries and chocolate so
think isn't it the best diet right now
so that will be better bred for him so
that's a good thing he likes a look at
some myself I took avenue to the bus
stop today and she did really good
getting on the bus and she's the last
stop so that's nice because we're so
close so i was really good and then
malachi did really good on your second
day of school I dropped him off and he
has ran around started playing with the
kids so that was great and now I'm in my
quiet house and wondering what do i do
first okay Levi I can let you dump the
big box of blocks you can dump it you
ready ready push push it over push it
over I can push it ah did that make you
happy oh my goodness oh my goodness or
the mess
oh wow look at the blacks and the floor
oh boy look at that did that make you
happy mommy lose me says no dumping but
I let you oh you could put it away oh
he's gonna throw it in the bucket okay
job see my so much solace you it's
almost as though as you look at that I'm
try reach another piece Asik keep it way
up there reach way up high yeah oh I'm
gonna put it lower mom good job yay yay
Levi oh are you can lock it down I could
tell from that face that you were gonna
knock it over I knew it I think we've I
here's a song in his head are you
dancing no I know you walking backwards
this is his new talent he walks
backwards look oh are you walking
backwards again hey are you among karu
yes haven't you got home from school and
emptied her backpack and look what Levi
did put on Avenue shoes I do a bit of
help but wanted her sweater on are you
gonna be avenue for the day are you
pretending to be your sister you on your
arms too yeah he does come on yeah no
not yet thank you you're funny so
avenues been told like yesterday she was
told we're back to school as she's
wearing red and then she feels for a
yellow to school I think they're
learning
their colors in French so they're making
them wear the colors so now skipper
yellow tomorrow let's give it cool he's
still doing daddy made a sweet car ramp
for the kids look it it's a dinosaur one
yiannis or racetrack yeah you hit the
wood loop do the jump and then go
through all the dinosaur legs to it hmm
yeah replica wheels down hey let's see
how this game works oh we good hey go
yeah all the way to the end with your
yellow car this will keep them occupied
for Donald five minutes 30 seconds hey
got us up so Vicki got a sweet pepper
chef hall check out all the stuff large
bar pans spice rack classful serving
bowls cool trays cutting board flippers
citrus press I'm actually excited to see
how that thing works she got even more
stuff she gots a couple of knives
special knives boom check out this puppy
this knife is serious business yeah hey
guys what's up so we're almost finished
up today I'm just making some extra
videos i'm doing a mythbuster for that
Tim Hortons large extra-large cuffing is
going around I don't think it's actually
true it can't be like what the guy says
he does a lot of weird stuff in this
video that makes me believe that there's
actually quite a bit more difference
than what he says so check it out if you
want later anyways thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe give us a
thumbs up and leave some comments below
if you want to chat see you tomorrow
