hey guys what's up so I'm sure you've
heard by now that the Tim Hortons extra
large and large cups are pretty much the
same thing or are they I'm gonna go
ahead and show you that there actually
are quite different so let's go check it
out okay so I have the large Tim Hortons
coffee cup here and as you can see it is
not full to the rim because obviously
you never get your coffee cups full to
the actual actual rim of the cup so
we're gonna start just by pouring this
one into the extra-large and there you
go you already have a ton of extra space
in here and that's just from a simple
pouring of once an X so just to see how
much extra we have I have a 1 cup
measuring cup here and I'm just gonna
add some water into here to see how much
of that it will be extra that you get
and again I'm not gonna fill it to the
brim with a cup so it's about half of a
cup there you go one half right there I
don't know if you can see that see you
again with the extra-large you're
getting a half a cup more than with a
large cup so I'm gonna say that myth is
busted so there you go guys you don't
have to stress it anymore if you've been
getting the extra large cup you're still
getting a half a lot more than when
you're using a large cup it isn't the
same sized cup even though the video is
going around they're saying yeah that's
the exact same I hope this video helped
you and made you feel a little bit
better about yourself in the morning
prove that you haven't been a sucker
buying these extra-large all this time
thanks for watching I hope you see you
again next time
