Malachi's about to go in first first day
of school he looks a little lined up
against the world
it's the first day of school today I'm
so excited and so happy because I didn't
have to make my kids up it is 652 and i
usually wake them up at at seven so they
go up on their own they came into the
bathroom I was doing my makeup and
avenues so excited she's like I go to
school today and like last night she's
like I'm so nervous mom and I she prayed
and then obviously she feels better
because she's like I'm so excited so um
she's telling Malik are in the bathroom
right now all about her first day of
school she's remembering it and she's
saying um all the fun things that you
get to do at school and she even starts
telling her about these little chicks
that were at the school and I'm like I
don't know they're gonna be there but
she just remembered all her like little
experiences and stuff so it's so cute I
bought Malachi a special little thing
for his sandwiches look dinosaur
sandwiches and he's excited the kimono
dinosaurs we made with this jam sandwich
that's really cool Michael didn't eat
dinosaur sandwiches for lunch friends
are gonna think you're so cool cool
diary sandwich hey guys so we're just
walking to school I'm he's all ready for
school but hers doesn't start for a
while Makka you ready maokai hello okay
he's talking nonstop every every time
we're not recording every time we turn
the camera on he's just like silent so
funny yeah so we're on our way and we're
a little bit late so we'll see if we get
to run time now try to go to go in for
first day of school he looks a little
lined up against the wall right so y'all
follow follow them I love you have good
day so we just dropped off Avenue and
there are only six girls in her class
the rest are boys and that's impossible
30 oh I think it was like 20 something I
don't think I was 30 28 it anyways
there's very little girls compared to
the voice which is surprising but um
yeah so we're really excited we feel
really good about this school yeah it's
so cool everybody's so nice all the kids
are so well dressed and they seem really
well really well behaved and they're
really efficient and organized like they
just know what they're doing it's so
good I'm so excited so we'll let you
know how it goes afterwards we got
Malachi's prize money for winning the
first place contest for coloring it's
pretty sweet so right now I'm gonna go
over to RBC bank because they have this
deal right now sign up with them for a
checking account you get a free ipad
mini so I'm definitely gonna go hook
myself up with a free iPad Mini that's
for sure hey guys what's up so I just
went to RBC bank and the deal is not as
sweet as if I was going to be so you
have to sign up for their bank account
and it costs fifteen dollars a month so
that works out here like around 180
bucks for the year and then you have to
have a direct payroll deposit going in
so if I did this just for the ipad mini
I would have to somehow
I have to transfer my payroll to there
then each month switch my transfer the
money from their back to my other
account it should be really confusing so
I'm thinking I'm not gonna do it I
really wanted to give the ipad mini but
i mean i'm already paying for half of it
just from doing the because you have to
have it for a year so i'm already paying
for half the ipad mini just for signing
up so I Mazel just buy a flat out and
then save myself to hassle I'm not going
to but I'm not sure if it's the right
choice for me to do this i think i might
is definitely going to be a lot of
hassle and if you close your account
before the year you have to pay back the
ipad mini charge and for sure they're
going to charge you for the full ipad
mini not just like the monthly one-year
fee so you keep the ended up buying the
ipad mini anyways to have one so i just
made a video on how to make homemade
salsa and it's so good it's like the
best also ever know it this also is
actually so good when you're having
tacos to put these in tacos instead I'm
telling you man the friggin tacos taste
is increased by like a thousand percent
if you want to know how to make this I'm
gonna have a link to the video that I
just made and you can check it out also
if you like the video i made let me know
you think i should start some sort of
like cooking thing where I do like
cooking videos once a week or something
let me know what you think might be an
option for me so it's pouring right now
I know if you can see if you look I lost
my window is yeah there's a foreign rain
we have to go pick up the kids in an
hour so I'm hoping the rain stops we're
going and driving to pick up the kids
from school because it's pouring right
like look at it Oh careful free when
it's wet honey red yellow late penny wow
Maureen I wouldn't work these guys
working there's getting dressed I am so
glad that nyx home today and we had the
van you know he wasn't here I would be
walking in this so I mean it's really
cute kids yeah you do the biggest might
have at this school oh yeah and now that
it's brady there's gonna be even more
cars than normal so if we look like 20
minutes early so and then I don't have I
didn't give like Malachi raincoat or
umbrella or anything so I want to get
him right when he gets out of the door I
believe I in his raincoat Jane he looks
so cute and he grabbed his little rain
boots out of the closet he wanted to
wear them it's like he knew it was
raining and I needed his boots so cute
look he did he got yellow raincoat is
Little Boots I'd you look so cute you
know you don't know his mom get the
camera out of my face okay so Vicki and
I are waiting for Malachi and we decided
to get play a game of I spy and she's
been looking for mine for like five
minutes she cannot find it anywhere and
I've given her so many clues she can't
find it okay so she finally found it it
was a good one AV geek ya mean ya seka
so basically I guess this little tiny
getting spotty little spot of green
paint on one of those I'm like sewage so
dear I'll see if you can see it there
there is it here comes Vicki and Malachi
Vicki's like Vicki's like dude some
weird crouch walk look at her can you
guys me make that out to the glass she's
like crouch rate down some alka doesn't
get away hey Malik I how school hey Mark
I how was it hey did you have fun I'm a
nutrition with their oh yeah do you make
any friends what's her name's do you
remember Jay que hay m√°s que he made
friendly and Jake and SK they're pretty
cool hey guys so I'm so boring to Vicki
that she left my card to go sit in her
friend's car over there yeah that's
pretty Malachi's poop from his first day
of school he's in the back for picking
up a bunny he's in the back napping away
he's still pooped out Levi's being so
patient be such a good boy you just hit
the patient little guy aren't you here
comes a penny from a first-year med
school yeah hey Avenue Bonjour Avenue
philosopher
yeah not cocky oh I see how it is did
you have fun at least yeah you're making
any friends were their names forgot
that's okay you look tired out he tired
she just said she's pooped okay well
let's go home everybody's tired and that
means we can I get some more quiet time
yeah Levi's try and catch up for the
first time you start freaking out he
still fries on this plate and I was like
what do you want and he pointed the
ketchup bottle and where they wanted it
so we screwed some on his tray and even
knows how to dip it and put it in his
mouth are you having some ketchup get
dim scoop it up and in his know I think
you like this he's it's a big boy now
dipping his french fry and ketchup
what's up with that
