hey guys what's up welcome to the
Canadian family blog family movie
reviews we just watched oxygen Agent Fox
but it is actually Agent X agent fo x is
on netflix and so we just checked out
and it was the worst graphics I've ever
seen in a movie night good talking with
even off with like the mounting like
yeah hey guys there you go today not
only it wasn't cuz we had a bad
connection legit like yeah editing of
the characters yeah they should so bad
it was really bad the worst voices ever
like oh gosh the voices work it was like
watching like a really cheap cheap cheap
cheap cheap a movie with actors and they
just found people on the street hey yeah
there do you want to be on my stove I've
never heard the voices on any popular
movies like it was very very poorly done
it was really bad yeah we were like is
this over yet yeah this is over yet ice
ordered my laundry I got lots of laundry
accomplished when I always want to give
this movie the kids on the other hand
washed it straight through probably
within the last 20 minutes no I yeah
more like thirty 30 last 20 or 30
minutes they started to get a lot of
distracted but they still watched
history yeah and we asked them
throughout like are you guys liking it
do you guys like the movie and I really
but yeah yeah you know every so often so
we just kept it on hey cuz usually would
tell us that they didn't like it yeah so
I would definitely say this movie is
good for kids ages between three and
eight yeah once you get over that they
would totally really corny and cheesy
what did you pick mom and dad for four
adults the rain between one and ten we
give it to you and four kids sick so if
you think you i watch this movie if
you're watching it with your kids and
they're little they're probably going to
enjoy they won't mind a they don't like
the voices rumbling that
but free adults is a bust it don't it's
not a big tornado they're just gonna be
sleeping you're just wait when is it
over to why you keep thinking it over
yet so if you're looking for something
you last me resort you have nothing else
to watch you see every single thing
check it out ah agent f OA go x check it
out thanks what don't
