look at me buys the same cheese all time
the cameras pointing at him with you
anti-age you like every blog doesn't he
do it every blog hey guys guess what I'm
tired comment below if I say that in
every one you guys guarantee anyways um
so just give you a little bit of an
update its morning time here I think we
got up at like 730 and we can't say
anymore we figured one night was good
enough because it's supposed to be
thunderstorms and we don't want a repeat
of last time so because there's gonna be
thunderstorms we thought one night was
probably good he's gonna rain outside
thank you yeah it looks pretty gloomy
outside to gain it's not very bored
something we're just gonna pack up now
which socks it does but where if it's
the weather is nice we can always come
back we're not far we're very local to
the camp first so we figured if you want
to come back weekend we just found
what's the cobia is follow me in there
so wait look at that on our camping trip
we found a liver yeah going soon yeah it
might run away by Shane see what happens
that's cool you don't see that every day
I think he's maybe not even cool hey
guys no he's not he's alive okay first
of all we had well we don't want to
take it with us or anything yeah we'll
keep an earl is cami hold it look for
you guys gonna okay oh no definitely no
we won't hold it CPR yeah i just wanted
to show you guys that the salamander is
not d EAD it's actually alive because it
crawled right off the leaves into the
grass / see it was right here on the
leaf and now crawled over here it's over
here now yeah he's calling so he
actually is alive yeah
our little chipmunk friends seem to say
bye bye I little chipmunk why get him go
in the trees whoa are you coming to see
me hey hey oh they're so cute Saturday
morning and we're all packed up ready go
and nowadays yeah look at this guy now I
was gonna show them to pack that but you
close the trunk Oh packed up ready to go
let's get out who says you can't camp in
your backyard look it's just like we
never left our campsite got fire going
with awesome it's not even gonna rain
the beautiful day beautiful day it's
actually getting quite hot out so we
wanted to start our fire earlier than
later something weren't sweating to that
but Jen Nick's got the hot dogs some
roasted in the fire and they're so good
what do you guys like do you like your
hot dogs boiled in water cooked on the
barbecue or cooked over a fire put down
the comments below what you prefer we
definitely all of us fire fire all the
way I just hate the smell of your
clothes after but it's worth it the
taste is still good
now how would you find hey big spider
he's not kidding when he says a big
spider next up look at the big wet look
at it good touch it okay oh it's a giant
ones i got gross watch this but what
would i know your brain manages no fear
this one when it comes to animals she
just loves any kind of animal seriously
so apparently we weren't the only ones
with the idea to go to the beach today
and the lineup to get in the park like
it sucks cuz we don't have to pay so we
could just drive you yeah we have slowed
wait in line I just drive around hey
guys so we're just at the beach and
we're chilling out hey guys what's up
over there oh you havin fun apni yeah so
we're just women here it's nice it we
never engine of this spot of this beach
and it only goes up to like your ankles
and surf spot so Levi was able to go and
like we run around and stuff so it's
really nice really sandy but it's really
mucky the first foot is like you weeds
but after that's all so it's really nice
but yeah that's what we're doing today
so we're glad we got to the beach so
much for the rain but it's supposed to
thunderstorm tonight so i guess it's
best that we packed everything out but
yeah we're just having a little summer
time last weekend before school starts i
spent all afternoon hard work making a
turtle at a stand and all my kids want
to do it smash it so we're getting ready
to go home so i said okay you can smash
it they're so excited yeah 12 uh anyways
we got 23 look at they're so anxious to
smash my turtle goodbye mr. turtle
goodbye mr. turtle
look at I they are so anxious or she's
making it again zebras ballina way save
the day again I wish I could have gotten
on camera but leave I just made these
ladies day they're walking by and he
started raising to them and then they
came over and they were like well like
this from bookcases he blew kisses back
at them they were just like oh I miss my
grandkids got coal and they're not even
in Canada like so it was so nice believe
I to make those ladies days I woulda SH
up today's date i would i would have
showed you but you know we have to ask
people before they go on a blog so and
then you gotta explain what the internet
is because they're really old hey guys
so you ever want to get your kids to
fall asleep take him to the beach look
at this maokai mark i wake up ok ok ok
wake up man mal kinda seagulls are
surrounding you seagulls Malc I seagulls
ok ok wake up dude wake up come on wake
up let's go how many don't place it
really hard tiny gap do it we got pizza
he drowning
yeah he's pretty tired
