so just as we're leaving the mailman
came up and give us a letter and it's
from our pen pal Oh Dianna open it
before we go okay let's go open it up
she got a pink eyeliner just for an
early can open it up whoa man she's good
at making those rainbow loom bracelets
maybe the clips in here there's our clip
no there's a clip on it you put it on
your bracelet on your wrist and you clip
it put it on you clip it oh this is the
clip I can tell you this look through
this it's a pink lip that's an awesome
bracelet that's excellent how did you do
that Ella hey I'm me the second is God's
amazing whoa Ella you need to start
making some rainbow loom youtube videos
because that's hardcore man and there's
a little letter in here for you to at me
you want to read it is dear abney thank
you so much for the letter and I made
you a bracelet of off rainbow loom hope
you like it do you um want to be bffs
doin that stance we're best friends
forever um where was I is when is your
birthday mine is June tenth love oh
she's ten your jun 14 you guys recently
birthday train you get it almost brutal
twins look at this great picture she
drew too oh nice look at his nice
picture she drew a bunny hey sure what a
nice way to start off our camping trip
thanks Ella so if you don't know who
Ella is she's from the bottoms channel
and you should probably check them out
there a pretty big deal i'll give you
guys a link to it rape or maybe i'll
link a video here or below one or the
other anyways check them out because we
do a lot of stuff with them
me and Gareth and I are actually going
to vlog refer my blogger fair we're
actually going to buffer festival
together so we'll see you if you're
going to be a buffer festival there guys
I'm just looking outside and I look
greedy
I feel so cool i live in Vanitas clouds
they like popping out at you we're
finally all set up we have our tent and
our food thing everything and look what
we're all doing now that we're done what
name is being at home chillin or how
many malachi are playing some Jenga I'll
go swimming today you want to go
swimming today yeah Dory got that odard
a dozen miles away yeah i buy if you
wanna be napping but isn't but Nick and
I could easily net I'm so done hey guys
so it's labor day weekend and normally
this campground is packed hey Vicky like
look knows nobody's there nobody's over
there there's nobody there yeah me too
but high school started last week here
and public school starts after this
weekend so we're thinking maybe a lot of
people are like oh let's not go camping
like all of our kids are at school or
going or whatever oh yeah I'm a there's
someone up here but yeah so it's weird
to have this like dead quiet and
everyone go hi it's crazy quiet yeah
like creepy quiet yeah like really eerie
what alright we're going to the beach
did play on the playground stuff so
malikar likes to feed the seagulls and
then he runs away as South as he can and
they are following him as you can see
all these he goes they're following eyes
Oh
check out what we're doing climbing
rocks show them a super oh yeah it's
right by me oh yeah should I ask see
there's a geologist out there should I
ask you guys maybe one of you watch this
is a geologist who knows all these
things about rocks formation um how does
a rock do that how does some rock stay
like flat with no shape and others like
take on indentations and stuff if you
know leave a comment below hey guys so
we're just making some marshmallows and
hotdogs by the fire and look in Malachi
you are covered in my shmellow what did
you just say spider-man is that what
you're supposed to be cuz you're
spider-man fingers is that why oh I spam
and web cool man
