hey guys what's up so I'm just saw
booking my tickets for buffer fast with
Gareth theory is there if you can see
them on the computer
hey guys so it's like I don't know
ten-thirty in the morning it's supposed
to be deathly hot this afternoon and
like possible risk of thunderstorm so if
you're gonna be get our outdoor time in
the morning and so we are actually going
to head to the beach now and just get
some swimming in I think before it gets
too hot it's actually a really nice
breeze right now but I can feel like the
sticky humidity already in the air so
it's going to get wait where so I think
today's the day that they said it was
going to go up to plus 41 or something
that's crazy hey so the kids are on
their senses and they got their
surfboards and they're all ready to go
hmm in the noodles and goggles so we're
gonna head over to the another beach and
the other one that we normally walk to
because Nick and a bunny came across it
the other day and they said there's
slides and swings so we're going to go
to check it out right now when you're
talking about the park that we like
right at you last time that big huge one
where we took pictures and stuff on the
weekend oh my god do we have to like
bike ride or drive there is too far for
a walk let me close to lunchtime when we
got there man a little park my house
sounds like I'll seen these swings or
slide that's what she was talking about
so now we're making our way over to our
regular beach that we normally go to the
avenue called me she's like mom check
this out is so cool and you know how
shadows there's like gray well her
goggles are like a pink shadow don't you
see it so I guess or a shadow and look
it's like a pink shadow because it's a
Sun reflecting and on your goggles with
the pink shadow pretty cool this
subscribe it's good is it really cool I
just had a bust of an afternoon we were
gonna do water balloons and then do you
actually need to buy water balloons
because the balloons that we filled with
water didn't fill up that much and they
were impossible to break so it was like
such a waste it's like oh well I guess
that's not going to work so the kids are
watching a movie for quiet time and I'm
going to go in and surprise him with
let's see the reaction
hey guys what's up so I'm just saw
booking my tickets for buffer fast with
Gareth theory is there if you can see
him in like a beer um so if you guys are
going to buffer fest you gotta look for
us yeah I am I'm a pro vlogger so you
got to use a GoPro yeah Oh Levi wants
the camera go from haha I just screening
on here so yeah we're just trying to
book our tickets for buffer fest if
you're gonna be a buffer fest make sure
you keep an eye out for me and Gareth
because we're gonna be there and who
knows we might have some crazy prizes to
give away to you guys hey guys so I'm
just getting in the vlog I noticed that
we got a big chunk of new subscribers so
if you're a new subscriber hey welcome
welcome to the community leave some
comments we want to get to know you so
yeah you leave some comments I'll leave
some comments then we'll leave some more
comments and we'll talk and then we like
and what's up dude we're friends so
that's the way it works it's a pretty
big deal but it's yeah if you are new to
the channel just getting here don't
forget to subscribe give us a thumbs up
and leave some comments below and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
