so our dry run is getting to school on
time was a fail boom
it means i aven't he would be going to
school without her hair done and
malachite would be rushing out the door
right now putting his shoes on and its
already seven forty-two hi I'm right and
I leave I would be just going to his
jammies with a full diaper and yeah i
eard rest at least that's good dressed
in teeth brush and face wash and had
breakfast so we did pretty good um so I
think just from that run there I think
we need an extra ten minutes so I woke
them up at about quarter after seven so
I think I'm gonna have to wake them up
right at seven and they'll help to be
like out of the bed by seven like so i
might even wake them up at like 10 to
seven and then like fudge miley
gradually get out of the bed will be
seven hey guys what's up so Vicki and I
are planning to do some new things with
our blog so let me know what you think
I'm here to tell you what they are but
let me know what you think so the first
thing we're going to do is you know
probably if you're already a subscriber
you watch us all the time every Friday
we do family movie night so what we're
thinking of doing is movie reviews of
all the movies that we see we're in a
way to tell a little bit of widely read
whatever all that kind of stuff so it's
all any family we review so we're hoping
to make it so a lot of a playlist of
movie reviews that people who are want
wanting to watch a family we make and go
on and be like oh look let's look at all
these movies to watch or whatever so
that's what we're hoping in free with
that another thing that we want to do is
create a challenge video so what is it
going to be is Vicki and I are gonna get
a challenge that we're going to do
against each other and then we're going
to record ourselves both cameras we're
going to record ourselves doing that
chin challenge and you guys can watch me
find this stuff and then the last thing
that we're going to do is called parent
right so what we're going to do is have
like a short like one or two many video
of us ranting like about a parrot thing
and it probably won't be so funny to
people that aren't parents but I think
it's going to be really funny for people
at our parents we brought this toy up
from downstairs and because we're trying
to get more toys that are more Levi's
age to like all the 18-month toys yeah
and yeah he's having so much fun with it
so cute let's try again soon yeah
subscribe
hey guys so I'm just heading into
bestbuy gotta pick up some new
headphones because mine I had those
earbuds that have the little rubber
things on and somehow one of my kids got
them and destroyed the little rubber
thing so i will pick up a new set so
yeah it's gonna be awesome can't wait so
hard to pick there's three rows of
headphones pushed right i mean three
aisles look at them all
I'm just going to buy the cheap ones
ease myself for 19 see ya put me and I
wish I get these you can have their own
music video one day hey guys so it's
almost suppertime I just have my chicken
in the microwave I'm doing the whole
jump in a 30 minutes in the microwave
the over Baker okay so yeah any of my
seals and stuffing rooms if you can set
for tonight anyways we have a heat
warning in our area it is like 32
outside I just saw that tomorrow is
gonna feel like 41 and I cannot tell you
how many I am that we had to central air
installs because what a difference i I'm
in a sweater right now I no idea that it
was that hot outside I was like what his
school site is the layer I was like ha
sing it like a walkie I'm like a back
inside so yeah that's not happening so
here are those earphones as I guy Vicky
just tried him for like the last hour do
you like the last hour was 20 minutes
okay sorry did you like the watch man
did you like them is what I'm trying to
get we're fine not trying to put some
sort of guilt on you allergy with music
and watching you I'm trying to talk with
Gareth from the bottoms channel and
organized this whole buffer fest thing
it's not working out hey do you guys
think I should do vine I download the
app but I've never done before do you
think we should vine what's mine is when
you make six second videos like this
where's this one
as long as you make a six-second video
okay I'm going to go ahead and the blog
thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe thumbs up and give us some
comments move yeah we are we going to
I'm gonna get some books for a bedtime
anyways yeah thanks for watching guys
don't forget to subscribe thumbs up and
comment i know i just said that but let
me say it again thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe thumbs up and
comment see you tomorrow
