hey guys so it's Sunday so one takes
Sunday because today was a crazy busy
day and I do not even think to pick up
the camera once hey what time is it now
I'm by nine o'clock there's nine o'clock
then I'm just eating my supper yes
exceeding his son brainless no to us at
nine o'clock at night how's how busy
work oh hush it was a good day it was
really busy and it was stinking hot
outside today oh my goodness I think I
broke my neck today so not concepts but
anyways um yeah I hope you guys had a
great weekend that you enjoyed the
sunshine in your area hopefully you all
had sunshine and join the last what sly
one more weekend left until summer is
officially over we're going can yeah I'm
like really Nicholas we planned camping
like two days before school starts i am
going to be okay i shouldn't i say i'm
going to because i don't want to be um
but something that that could just make
me really stressed out and I just need
to be really prepared I guess ahead of
time I told the kids tonight when I put
them to bed I said listen I'm waking you
up in the morning and we're getting
ready for the day like we're going out
the door for school so like this is our
dry run I guess you call it though we'll
see how it goes tomorrow let you know
I'm excited I get five day long weekend
that weekend this weekend come yeah
can't wait here your friday off sorry
Sunday obviously and then Monday and
Tuesday yeah acid I've yeah all off at
different times the fact i am for
camping the money is coincidentally a
long weekend yeah and the tuesday i
booked off for the kids because they're
going to school the first day she always
always like to be a part of their first
day of school and it's Malachi's first
time going to yeah so that book both of
those two days off at different times it
was kind of funny day yeah good to be
daddy okay yeah yeah we can have a
really great week he should be in a good
mood hopefully all week long good you
for this
because you know the biggest jerk the
grounds no I'm just kidding hey we still
watching it down in the good husband um
yeah so that was our day so hope you had
a good day and we will see you tomorrow
longer than this video tomorrow I
promise I'll vlog ok bye bye Oh thumbs
up comment there you go Nick just cover
it for you thumbs up comment and
subscribe what do you do for subscribe
thumbs up comment goodbye I'm tired
