hey guys so today is our last day at the
hotel we just got our breakfast on and
now we're just packing up and getting
ready to go dude happening wait yeah
their TV fix in we're going home well
cuz we're done at the hotel you don't
want to go on hey too much fun so we
might call for lunch with everybody one
last time before we go but we're just
about ready to take out
so we're just sitting down to our
complimentary hot breakfast at the hotel
it is quite delicious you guys like in
it everything else is pretty good though
sausage it's nice when they have a free
hot breakfast rather than a continental
would you feel like you're getting more
delicious food too instead of just like
the sugary drinks there's so many
options no who's yours yummy today's
your birthday party yay wait we're gonna
go bowling today yeah it's gonna be fun
swords waiting for all the other family
to arrive to you then we're gonna search
every time oh boy yeah yeah pretty
excited to go bowling I I can get the
whole entire thing I remember dad yes in
the game I'm skidded it I got like so
much I know it can be awesome I'm gonna
be here like this they went bully like
exactly one year ago today to it for
Lilly's birthday party oh yeah they know
that had to be very heavy bowling no I
was two years ago the Sorceress's you to
you well I'm a bull in two years well
they meant to adams and Ashley Suns
problem over here would you it wasn't
two years ago that was not be his last
year right here's the remnants of our
breakfast me by does your tummy hurt
yeah you tummy hurts nick is your tongue
Malachi
is your tummy hurt but until reading
does your tummy oh my tummy hurts i
think we're officially full nope so we
have an announcement why I tell the kids
and you guys are stuff and you guys know
how we sold the house right we just sold
it and we have to get a new house right
yeah yeah we found one this is it what
do you guys think do you like it yeah
yeah does it look cool here's the house
was gonna click pretty awesome a August
30th we have to be we can be into this
house but we have to leave our house jun
29th so after you guys are done school
when summer vacation starts we have to
leave pack up and go yippee so do you
guys think does it look big enough for
you there's four bedrooms and a whole
basement anything yet how much levels
three well two levels one basement with
me yeah it's like aunt Amy's it's gonna
even have the high ceilings I can't see
any eyes hi you're Dennis whoo the guys
don't see me ball there won't be a
swimming pool nor did you say your sis
minutes so we are on our way to go
bowling and leave i thought we said
blowing it feels like the guys I can go
music let's go boy is going nuts so
we're going yay so yeah she said oh look
there's the same bowling you guys the
enemy if you can see it holy
pinned red yes this isn't red yes
residency need
we're going in the dirt how many looks
really bright with her colors Avenue
you're glowing oh good job okay how
Chloe you are so he just finished
bowling it was a lot of fun my kids
totally beat me like really bad actually
almost double oh all of them be my score
even leave I did you guys have fun okay
yes 114 was your total at the end it's
all your scores together ya ready to go
swimming still we're going out for
dinner right now it's the afternoon yep
notice is doing it's still light out
it's not dark and what did you tell me
on the way to the car would you say it's
the best nice
best day ever not so nice they're having
a great time on our vacation
thank you
he put herself to sleep
repeat to you
Oh
me
Wow
mr. ravine and revisa ok
again this is a repeat after me so
Oh
you
you
