hey guys this up so Vicki and I got
challenged to do this thing called bean
boozled by crystal who is the owner of
hide your cake hydros cakes always
forget the name of it but she's only
made abby's birthday cake so she sent us
this box of bean boozled jelly beans and
the way it works is you both everybody
takes a jelly bean you try one but
they're like bizarro flavor so let's
start with ro lets sir with orange so
I'm like my own sanity insane last night
yeah so you only get to pick one color
but there's two flavors for each color
you can have to get a peach or barf and
that's for our shark right now so Vicki
requested a sniffle set right Nikki grab
whichever one clean one I just want to
say that I do not want to participate in
this game my love my husband so much I
thought I me that I'm willing to okay
ready sad the grossest game you know
nobody around tell by telling it what
you get peach I should just state the
facts you know I don't even like Jelly
Bellies on their own try yours see you
gotta put the whole thing in your mouth
and chew it don't be a cheater don't
fine with the holding in say ok when she
bites the tip a little um I don't think
Vicki like that
I literally felt like I threw up in my
mouth I got beat proposed okay you want
to try to have seen flavor again and I
want to go for good ok let's go for a
white you can either get coconut or baby
wipes ok I've happy v weights in my
mouth before look upon you I we can both
have be wipes I cannot sit yeah sure my
RT watch it again with funny like cold I
don't even like coconut
but you get
Pokemon yeah laughter that one again
let's go to another one this next one
can I to be lime or lawn clippings lawn
clippings yeah like rats like I'm eating
grass oh no not this game seriously a
genius you have like a vendetta against
somebody get ready uh-huh come on Vicki
such a crybaby for this mess up okay by
yourself I would do by myself okay okay
they're good pretty well what is this my
mom cooking or why all right fine and
I'm another good one I go out let me
know we're gonna take back my teeth
briggen baby's gonna get mine then no
visit hey let's try it then she's the
last but I like this game though so
maybe a gate again rochambeau
i think i got on clipping
must be life
you gotta put the whole thing in your
mouth mughlai things yeah did I bad and
forth back to barf I got you in bar form
with active L&S pure aluminum or fish
grow so but lon clippings like
lemongrass I like to smell brass mm-hmm
imagine the taste isn't that bad want
you to finish the other half though okay
here we go No Oh aftertaste though Oh
try this one oh I want to eat fruity or
stinky socks oh I told you I can't
produce think he's out let me think
about that I know go Stinky's dog rocky
sucks no I don't know one sec a Socratic
question you put the holding your
mother's time don't know why but if I
want to like I stinky socks for you when
you first arching is not so bad I need
to get some cheese fritos you go for it
is lucky okay we'll split it out let me
know miss Terry very first to predict it
you're lying to me yes I it's easy
little wire it actually smells like
stinky stink so bad feel your breath
Rose man okay let's try this one
licorice or skunk spray okay I don't
even like licorice in a place we freeze
our house really gross Oh
oh that is horrible that is the worse
than it is oh I feel like I'm tasting
skunk you don't want to discover a body
that was the worst thing I've ever been
to my life you have an old thing about
it smells like skunk it's upscale guy
get taste it you're a buddy I hope this
breath slow is the last for ever get to
know Jesus yeah you that's a really good
try buddy no no you have to do a cheat
let's do it that's really gross that's
right I don't want to come up on you did
you get scum oh my gosh is so I'm
telling you this friggin thing jeez
external haha let's move on oh yeah ever
invented that scope one friggin taste
like a skunk man and smells like a skunk
I don't know if you live in a community
was gonna smell like witness
freeze the new inhale through your nose
you can face it you know that's exactly
what you create that kind of taste ok
heroes let's move on okay let's quickly
move on melius I'm good this was caramel
corn or moldy cheese this is more spots
on it so i'm looking more like moldy
Chino my current look right and do it
cool Nick does it cuz like hmm either
yeah it's good all right boys gets
robbed you soon try the throw up when
you really move her ok so duh Oh care
thing is when you strike my dear I
wonder if it was a correct theory i said
this one has a lot more spot side so it
looks more like caramel corn it's right
let's see if I'm right I think the
outside is sugary no matter what so I
bite it and I start shooting it on my
phone this isn't so bad and all of a
sudden it hits me like a ton of bricks
how is it Oh gross oh I want to go again
cuz i love Carl course oh I'm sure done
yet oh my gosh that wasn't worse than a
skunk no this God's worry Vicki we got
one more try for karma party I don't
like this game could there not even be a
caramel corn in this one yeah it could
not even is it caramel a caramel which
one do you think it is thermo you think
it's caramel yeah go try it caramel no I
was like moldy cheese I can smell it
totally nothing will do you probably
smell your breath oh it already had two
moldy cheese i can tell you i'm preggers
and will he cheats and I get smelly dry
try it no it was moldy cheese honest
mella I know it's moldy cheese okay
let's try this one this one could be
buttered popcorn how many tell you what
the other one is still after you try it
no it's better I'm good tell you hey
Tony go and watch you
see a mommy tasted digestive I didn't do
one little bite men only 400 the bull
smells rank I can try out my hand stink
like okay okay try it put the whole
thing in your mouth how do you let me do
it my way okay no you gotta at least
bite the piece and have it chewing in
your mouth no what is this one sure what
is it put in your mouth tell me no I'm
not going to tell you have to try it
 did you try it what is it different
be rotten eggs Oh manatees like rotten
eggs too that's gross okay let's finish
up this mess what is trying anymore
droplet put it hey yummy flavors here I
think it should I put it turkey will
start off with some yummy flame you did
I only got one life yeah the most got
one little line chocolate pudding or
canned dog pee come on we're almost at
it won't eat all those ones I'm not
chocolate thing yeah we'll do whatever
you picking them here we go chocolate
pudding I feel like I'm gonna throw up
actually my mother though because of the
things too
good oh that dog fear definitely come on
now one check with money don't on java
vide if you get chocolate break after to
have nice with your flavor enough is it
it does when I see someone on me if it
shoot it for love yes which oh and then
it kicked in doesn't keep that baby I do
for you second day kicked in it is so
gross oh the bowl they're like okay
let's try this one what do you want we
only have one of UT's colors I may have
either blue berry blue or toothpaste o
rings blu actually para hater you have
blue dirt look around okay I'm gonna get
the flavor of booger seriously that's
good grazing it Hey yeah and he didn't
want to have a spitball I'm sure you're
grateful i bought it a spitball really
grateful physical use pitbull smells so
ray like I bishop amazing so much I'm
doing cute I can smell your breath and
might like we stink we're devil your
brush my teeth boy you can brush your
teeth now with the two fifths of none
guess try it
yeah I'm trying to thief okay I'm
telling you this is where your breath
you might well it actually smells really
yeah good thing I'm like brushing my
teeth mmm refreshing the toothpaste one
is really good hmm we should save that
for the end no we won't have to brush
your teeth before bed you know what I
really like this toothpick yeah mm-hmm
especially my breath hmm I wish they
were all flavors like what I the one
blue-eyed shopping but not discuss yeah
I mean look at a bad game no cuz i got
some peach from the people yeah and i
got one line what have we done what else
have you got nothing out everything else
has been disgusted that's it that you
want to try a few phone again no that
was so gross if I was like I don't want
out he's so nervous I think we did them
all mm-hmm we did this one let's end on
the toothpaste I even wash my hand yeah
I can't do it I can't sorry crystal so
bad there's still more we've done we did
every flavor they have but there's
extras of the other flavors I can't do
it even know is not going for it and
this bowl just nasty if you guys could
smell this right now you'd be falling I
don't see that right now you can smell
clean die yeah I gotta go hey thanks for
watching anyways the game is being
boozled so if you want to do it at home
do it and then leave us a comment with
the video link so we could watch you
guys play thanks for watching
