what better thing to do on a rainy day
then make a fort in your house so the
kids have their friends over and you
just put some bed sheets together it's
hanging off of like a fan and like on
the curtain rod and on my bedroom door
and we just use every she we could find
he tried to cover it all up so that they
could be laying in there here comes
Avenue out of the fort now what are you
guys do it inside thank you bet make it
a bed really and they look at have a
kitchen in there too can i peek in
mm-hmm look at that hey boys there's a
kitchen in there for 20 ah quite afford
they're making their living fun and it
was actually really hard to put that
board together like I kept falling down
and then like the fan and I'll takes
it'll hide it very long and so we shall
see so I actually didn't plan it but the
TV was inside their force we just kind
of turned it towards them and so they're
having quiet time and watching the movie
in the fort which i think is really cool
this is the door and look ease
you guys hey kitten yes a movie I
remember making forts as a kid too and
have lots of fun in them but you know
what daddy's always seemed to make
better forts like Nixon lots of forts
with them like when I was like a way it
like paper chef show or something and um
he like rocks it I don't know how he
does them but they're amazing mine is
just so so any fort making tips for me
let me know because I want to improve my
fort making skills so guys I'm in the
kitchen making supper making sure the
corn you know doesn't boil over and go
too long so there's your corn on the cob
we have and also I'm like it's really
quiet where's Levi so I come out here my
guys wear sleeve are they don't know
Nick's on the couch with a headache
they're in their little forts they can't
see anything and I'm like oh no we had
they had a bath earlier and I left the
plug in my took Levi out I forgot look
what my little monkey did what did you
oh did you throw everything in the tub
Luis we even got a toy in there an
animal yeah did you grab that from the
bucket did the Sheep need a bath yeah
yeah did for her see ya we got wipes in
there the white matte oh the day for
cream some soap towel shirts jammies
that's just lovely thank you thank you
for cleaning my stuff for me Oh as a
sheep say Baba here you're gonna put
them on them yeah bad back are you gonna
put this sheep on the towel here put him
on the towel dry him dry him up he's
gonna get drying know he's gonna go back
for a swim okay this
subscribe to haha hey guys what's up so
I've been a little bit behind on the
vlog and I'm really sorry last night we
went out to some friends house and then
you didn't get home till pretty late a
baby and then I don't know what it was I
was so tired I came home I live on the
coach and I was just sleeping so today
there is like four vlogs going up there
was two of them are absolutely blogs and
two of them were like bonus videos so
Avenue mouth I did the ice bucket
challenge that video went up I have a
video of me getting shot in the butt and
then Levi's laughing in my face and then
that's part of a vlog 2 so and then
yesterday's blog well not yes they're
watching this oh no he says oh no what
he dropped it oh no anyway so yeah I
come home and check out this for Vicki
build I am like super impressed usually
she builds like the lamest force well
like she built this amazing I think she
already showed it did you show it
already so i'm not going to show you the
whole for but yeah it is stinking
awesome i came home i was like whoa this
is a sweet boy so yeah thumbs up vicky
and if you think Nikki booked an awesome
fort like go ahead down and give this
video a thumbs up and leave in the
comments be like yeah Vicky nice for it
so we're having family movie night and
I'm going to eat my snack for family
movie night and this is what happens
when you let kids make the snack look at
that my cookie cuz maybe it's too much
in the light there we go look at that my
cookie is being held together by a long
piece of blonde girl hair Thank You
Avenue thank you very much
thanks for the cookie Albany held
together by your hair he is silly goose
yeah I took a bite of it I to pull it
out of my mouth like that okay so I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog thanks
for watching don't forget to subscribe
give us some thumbs up and leave some
comments below so we can get to know you
I'll leave you with Levi in his
underwear head oh you say bye city zip I
