hey guys my name is Nick and I'm Vicki
we're from The Canadian family blog and
we were nominated by the bottoms to do
the ice bucket challenge hello bloggers
friend yeah we're not thanks a lot
kaylene so here we go and it's our ninth
wedding anniversary happy anniversary
supplies we get too high I spilled water
dumped on her head for anniversary yeah
so this is our anniversary from the
bottoms there we go what it is no I
can't even lift it you gotta help me
look this ready that's really cool it's
okay we can know me now k who you
nominating I nominate my wonderful day
care parents for me and Eric and risen
and Mike I'm gonna nominate Jared and
Ellie from their blog and I'm also gonna
nominate Randy and Anna you guys have to
do this okay you have 24 hours go in LA
ice water but ruin Joy's hmm
