check out the outfit i put Levi in today
he got so many compliments at church
Nicodemus got suspenders I like my
little farmer boy hey and I'm I thank
you but I wasn't thinking clearly with
the whole suspenders because when he has
like a big giant poo then he has like
undo all the buttons and everything and
it was a pain in the butt that's kind of
funny I said pain in the butt
Evite's oh no I was thinki but like poo
digging in oh here try an easy invited
thank you Sarah Caleb bye bye
oh yeah let him run on his own Avenue
good go get him
to avoid we're just going for a nice
sunday afternoon walk with the family
and we come across this tree that has a
weird thing sticking out of it Nick you
should touch it what cuz it's could be
like full bacteria you don't touch me
bacteria you're weird look at are you
probably look at that it's going to
mushroom out of the tree how did it back
great I've seen how big this thing is
I'm go Josh compared to my hand it's
giant yeah look at it yeah I got a huge
from the rain under it it is so big
that's gross hey guys up so I just
finished editing all the photos for my
brother's wedding i already posted in
another video that was laid up loading
so you've probably seen them already so
so cheery you're like oh Duke you finish
editing there's a couple days ago but no
i just finished now and we're just camry
for church right guys you guys just calm
down and then we got to go to church in
i'm on the worst team Vicki hey I'm
looking forward to it's gonna be given I
gotta get something to eat before go I'm
gonna be all like shaky look korie's try
to guess I was wrong yeah I really cost
10 minutes instead of eating his food
he's with my son is up Suns damn your
crap game on look this cool team we
thought okay hey whoa echo what it's
cool I going make my god you turn okay
yeah nikki is it cool like oh yeah
those two things where's those things
are there hello scream Vicki okay come
on Vicki you gotta scream tell her she's
gotta scream you can't you talk hello
okay Brenda long ready c'est comment
leave comments below subscribe and what
else we want them to do Levi thumbs up
thumbs up our videos too cuz d'you know
you go thumbs up when you take a job
right hey don't eat it exactly yucky I
can't say night night no sleep up I you
say bye say bye to the camera bye bye no
he said I'm not saying night night or I
go in a bit okay see you tomorrow Oh
night night
