if you got tattooed put in the comments
what you got a tattoo if I'm always
interested you hear people's tattoos
stories
ok so today it's kind of a dreary yucky
day rainy and cold like oh my soul Dino
so we decided that we're gonna do a
really cool experiment with the food
coloring I was telling about the other I
think couple weeks ago so we're actually
gonna do it today so the kids are really
excited about it ok thank you looking so
right now we just have one jar of cold
water is nothing we click some oil in it
as you can see the oils just sitting on
the top so if you put some food coloring
in that what do you thinks gonna happen
ok do one drop uh what do you thinks
gonna happen to that look like it's
turning right we're in our drop go hey
it's still stuck in the oil I didn't go
down into the water did it it's stuck do
you want to put a drop in brielle yeah
put a drop in the in the jar yeah your
color pick a color for example yellow
lenka can you tip it over it's staying
on the top so it's not going down
squeeze good job oh that's enough here
we go now and let's do blue ok well what
do you think is gonna happen nothing's
happening is it oh they're all did sell
just staying on the top it's stuck on
the top hey the blue look like a faint
is it it's all just stuff isn't it no
coming out what what happens to it just
stays in the oil but now I'll go into
the water no it's that we could do yeah
I feel uh oh do see what happen yeah Oh
didn't happen yet I thought it pop
didn't happened
to check out this game we found on the
computer for Avenue you see that elsa
frozen real haircuts I'm just going to
try it out right now I'm looking you get
a cool little beat of let it go takes it
down speedy let's see how it works
pretty cool ok hit play I do it yeah ok
so you can like comb it yeah I back so
you can comb her hair blow dryer had it
can you color it colleges colors no Oh
color yeah we're here come for you come
shook so sad you're gonna be happy once
you do her hair looks sad oh oh oh
they're looking she changes our facial
expression when you do her hair that's a
neat game that will provide some
entertainment for a while now I go make
supper hey guys what's up so it's the
middle of August and I'm in like a full
sweat suit chickens I got my sweater
sweatpants everything like what does it
deal with the weather hey guys and it's
like raining outside is terrible Malkin
sitting here to make his sim sandwiches
again so yesterday's without he is doing
this to making some sandwich whoa nice
tattoo dude oh you live in hot water oh
it looks good nice tats this tax yo you
got tattooed put in the comments what
you got a tattoo of I'm always
interested you hear people's tattoos
stories so you got attacked you put in
the comments maybe put a link to a
little video of you showing your tattoo
you and talking about it here's much a
two of a Python I got it because I'm
like snakes yeah me do you think he
doesn't know what's going on she can't
get away with it it's my pay phone
tattoo haha imma doesn't know what going
on anyways yeah so that's what we're
doing today freezing because it's August
we're sweat suits I think people online
we're calling it OGG member hugs amber
ok guys thanks for watching our video
today and I hope that you give us some
subscribing and sometimes up being and
some commenting and we just want to end
this video but given Levi over to kisses
hey la cueva kiss my we do mmm ah
alright see you later see small
