check out Levi walking in avenues new
shoes for school he put them on by
himself to get him shuffle in them so
funny
now if I got some new school shoes for
school to write check them out lightning
McLean show what they do Malachi what do
they do yea-ah light up lens you're
gonna wear them inside at school right
your new indoor shoes he's going tonight
come he's going to your old school right
yeah yup I all right Nana friendly yes
you did hey yeah you know a couple
people from there and some people I know
their names because I got could they got
cuz one name is Addison the Narin a
hunter yeah you know them and I know
some persons there I got William yeah
from church and Isla i cubed school
starts in three weeks really yep glad I
don't blame you ah what you think you're
doing mm-hmm you will be making your
sandwich not eating the peanut butter
okay spread your peanut butter on your
sandwich here right closer to you spread
it on see you good job red avant
very good okay this is good job with
this Jam okay now what do you do at the
peanut butter and jam pieces that's good
that's perfect good job now would you do
when you do it these two pieces you know
well very good put them together and now
you're going to try a pampered chef cut
and seal take off the crust cuz you
don't like Chris push it down all the
way down enough pana hey okay lift it up
tada look at that oh good job bud oh my
thing are you gonna eat both of them
mm-hmm okay and that's how you do peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches in our house
boys are eating pudding and they're
being silly you tell uh-oh bad guy or
you wash your face like he's got someone
is nose look it's even if you guys doing
in mustaches mustache and Stephen got
some up business yeah oh yeah you have
to blow your nose and would be messing
with pudding to get rich if you would
but I clean your energy oh thank you
favorite thing I should take us n no
subscribe to our blog Anthony us i'm
going to share with you guys I cannot
share a smile look at this it's missing
what how did you choose follow tom night
that is chocolate even a joke that far
at all since she was like my tooth feels
funny now doesn't it yeah no I think
we're getting ready for supper now I am
hey guys so I have some well I guess is
good news produced me only so the
worship on sunday i was supposed to put
just playing tonight but now i get to
play in the morning guitar too so I'm
pretty excited so yay for me Oh excited
for my pinky yay I get to play morning
and night sometimes I do I'm does that a
lot yeah I love playing on the worship
team and I got my picture on my camping
trip they went out with my brothers have
them developed oh yeah I gave one to
Malachi of me and my brothers and
because he likes to he loves my his
uncles and so he put it in his room
stuff so he's pretty excited like some
of these pictures from got really good
down like check out his awesome picture
it looks like a postcard like mother
you're gonna your pictures for your
brother Oh what I haven't told him yet
this picture in like a postcard so yeah
we're doing pictures for my brother's
engagement photos so this saturday so
that should be pretty interesting we'll
see how that goes hoping that turns out
really good so I can't use those
pictures to build a portfolio and start
doing some pictures for money I just got
back from the grocery store and got
mauled at the door for stuff and leave I
wanted the blueberries right away look
how happy he is you got some blueberries
in there you lovely babies Emma good
oh he says thanks mommy I'm the best mom
I know hey guys what's up so Vicki
narges practice in our butts off for
sunday worship I'm on two sets with two
different worship leaders so I have to
practice one full set and you know play
electric so i'ma practicing that and I
think I got most of songs pretty well
down but still gotta practice again
tomorrow me the next day and then we're
both practicing the acoustic set that we
do together so Vicki's just trying to
figure out which song she wants to keep
on the list which ones take off key
change and stuff like that but it's a
lot of fun I love being other words your
team my butt's getting sore from sitting
down all day that's only downside
anyways thanks for watching don't forget
to give us some thumbs up and subscribe
to our videos also if you want to start
to become a real life friend of ours all
you have to do is sort of leaving
comments below and we can be friends in
real life so yeah let's chat chat it up
ask me some questions I'm going to ask
you some questions we're going to chat
we're going to need to know each other
okay so do it please some comments and
don't forget subscribe and thumbs up
okay five
