so Avenue and Lily were playing rainbow
loom bracelets during the quiet time and
a benigni Lily some earrings
well it's going to be a beautiful day
today so we decided that we would go to
the park and have some fun there before
it gets really hot afternoon heat so
we're going out like 10 this morning and
yeah they're really excited about it
Avenue wants to go to the park where her
new school is gonna be so we're gonna go
check it out and yeah should be fun so
we're japanese new school she's gonna go
to and there's the part it's cool cool
it wasn't you out of a walk you said to
go up the hill and then you have malachi
who wants to help you but it's not much
of a help because he's in your way but
he's still trying to help you push the
stroller now they're way ahead my little
mother hen already it's getting so hot
on it's only 10 15 in the morning
craziness I'm a really hot day I think
it might be a water day this afternoon
going down the slide this is static
Yahtzee oh my game is careful Oh Levi
look at you climbing up the stairs look
at you go look at you go big boy he's a
little bit more active now okay he
actually climbed up there by himself
he's standing up on it oh he's gone for
the second one he's going for it wow
look at you look are you proud of
yourself look at the Phase II so proud
so over here is the post office so I
just dropped off something for Nick but
he was going to mail out saying I said
you know what we're gonna walk to park
so I'll take it for you today so that
was helpful and then I remembered mela a
wedding invitation response because I'm
a little behind on that and one of those
people that they have to call and be
like
you come in like yes I am and it didn't
mail I'm sorry like good because I'm
really bad at that are you bad at that
too yeah please please comment below if
you're bad at that too because then I
won't feel so bad so now we're heading
to am knees old school and to go play at
a different park because we brought the
post office bull street fights we
thought let's go to another park why not
write this park isn't a shaded is the
other one now it's really hot look at
they fix it up a little bit they painted
it and stuff so looks pretty good
Phillies excited she wants to monkey
bars so I decided that the pool up for
the kids so that they could cool down in
the heat so we just have like this
little pool and you thought it was just
an ordinary swimming pool yeah it's got
a sprinkler on it so Avenue and Lily
were playing rainbow loom bracelets
during the quiet time and a venini Lily
some earrings check it out oh I'm used
blocking see them pretty creative and I
did her hair oh and Avenue did her hair
too is not pretty yeah very nice so my
slave driver wife's making me go outside
and cut the grass 11
you guys doing leave are you racing the
car Oh Oh Britta Becca huh wow wow where
is it going right there this is stuck oh
here comes me ah yeah yes get it get it
get it get him to be doing yeah you got
it so Levi's decided that he wants to
end the vlog tonight hey thanks for
watching say please subscribe yeah hey
comment below how about give us thumbs
up oh yeah there he say bye you happy
bye bye hay barn no need be no side
