good morning youtubers we are on our way
to go get some breakfast free breakfast
at the hotel so we're really hoping for
some bacon and I know I have like the
worst morning breath and it kind of
tests that but I don't want to brush my
teeth before I go down because if they
have like orange juice or something you
know that taser you get the toothpaste
and the orange juice mixed in its
disgusting so I'm just gonna be like
having her how are you until I get
something in me so anyways i'll let you
know how breakfast was and if there was
any bacon
an orange juice good call everybody is
jumping onto the air mattress and so and
Levi wants to try to he's trying okay
Levi ready 123 yeah hahaha oh good job
yay that's his jump that's so funny
who's gonna jump yeah yeah okay one two
three girls Levi one two three jump jump
jump oh good leave it to Big Brother to
give him a little push this is the kind
of stuff that happens when mummy leaves
us all to ourselves we do whatever we
want hey guys yeah there's so much candy
we're not gonna throw up no my daddy did
a good joke oh yeah hi oh I told her
that if she's George can she wait for
the ship thing how much candy is it
gonna take oh you're gonna jump again
hey guys so we just went in the door and
got all kinds of goodies and I forgot my
camera in the car dang it i hope that
happens so we're gonna go home and play
with all of our new dollar store toys
we're pretty excited the kids brought
both brought five dollars and bought all
my stuff look I got some here some
basketball net fishing things happening
up some necklaces I'll show you the
whole will you
subscribe yeah okay guys I'm gonna show
you our sweet hole from the dollar store
don't be awesome there's a mouth I got
fishing set and basketball for his room
that's gonna be cool a buddy yeah a
break here's what avenue got bracelet
bracelet bracelet and a calendar and
here's a daddy got airplanes don't know
if you remember these from your
childhood but I always got these as a
kid they're like little paper airplanes
you're putting together and I got this
super glider so we're gonna open these
puppies up and start party the airplane
washes awesome gloop you can do it this
is like one of my favorite things when I
was a kid to throw these skipper lazy
got fish nice one you got one oh yes oh
alright my chest okay so we set up a
heist basketball night in his bed so you
can play with it oh oh nice uh let's see
it oh good try get rise check out a shot
yeah okay leave are you gonna go 1230
closer onli violet guys I'm so excited
because we finally got a luggage cart
we've been trying to get a luggage cart
like this
weekend instead of lugging these big
giant boxes around everywhere and look
we got one of the grand my luggage or
big huge heavy pampered chef boxes of
all our stuff that we got so we're so
happy that we got that and now we are
sitting here and we are waiting for the
car
chaos out there they are not working at
all and we probably sitting here for
about 10 minutes and it would be like 10
to 15
it's probably be more like 25-30 pimpin
so we're just sitting here just chatting
away watch everybody come in the doors
with their blue teachers he's gone I am
so not a city person traffic people
 everywhere all in front of you
like cars we've been out everywhere all
these lights yeah not for me I'm huh I
so guys be home make my toast game so
glad to be home yay look at there's this
time from air blowing up my airplane
airplane so cool hey so let me home I'm
so excited to my kids I can't wait ok so
my beautiful attractive sexy wife is
finally home and look what she brought
back a mystery box from pampered chef
loose Orton open it up now it's here it
looks like you guys ready for this video
yeah i'm so excited i show you but Vicki
Rodin so check do you cover Baker in
theirs whoa do you cover bake
if you want to become pampered chef
consultant please put a comment below
you will not regret it it's the best job
ever and they treat you like royalty
seriously it's the best so put it in the
comment below and I will message you
personally and we will get the ball
rolling for you
