check it out mouth and a venir in the
big fire track
we are at the arena ready to drop off
their art and trees and the fair is like
pretty much set up because it starts
tomorrow so check it out they thought
like the big ferris wheel um the magic
carpet ride things up there um what else
they got they're gonna have all like the
farm stop over there like all the horses
and everything over there so the kids
are super excited aren't you excited I
go one day but we don't think we can go
this year full reverse something else
ever and have fun that yeah and they've
done the fair lots so it doesn't change
its the same every single year I mean
obviously it's a different experience
for them every time because you know
their age and stuff you may notice
things more so I don't know I'm a little
bummed about it but I i think it's okay
this year to miss it I think we can get
by without it so we're a little early
they don't open till three and it's 252
but we're just gonna go and see if
they're open and we can drop off some
stuff hopefully it is still let us enter
even though we're not attending the fair
I don't know how that works so i guess
i'll find it some more information i get
in there ok so the case just dropped off
their artwork was a lot of paperwork but
we got through it we put them all up
over here in the junior arts and crafts
area so that's pretty cool are you guys
excited about your crafts are you
excited his look too thrilled you could
win money is my two-way yeah you get
some money you're a good boy I did all
that paint board before I want you I
want you want to get some money
yes the money all right but I said even
if they don't win it was fun to make it
and they did all in their own so it's
something to be proud of so yeah we'll
see how goes let you know so we just
came across a fire hall so we're gonna
go walk over and get a good look at the
fire trucks see them so cool they're so
cool look any guys I love them do you
see the fire trucks off I you like by
your side like fire tracks Vic whoo yeah
yeah they're cool so a nice fat fireman
over here said that the kids can go in
the truck so they're really excited
check it out mouth and a venir in the
big fire track look at that oh cool hey
guys what you doing you jump up here
I'll hold this and you get your little
boy with you grab a hold his handle oh
that way all right you can see ya oh
sorry I've probably got a good shot I
probably get a good shot at your door oh
look it's tee shot from the front
you guys look goth Lee cool in there
i'll tell ya boy you're wrong like I
don't want to get down hey don't put
lights on for you Oh awesome right there
Oh flattered at the top oh look at the
lights don't see them look over here
look over here come over here guys get
out b8c the light me day okay so we're
just pulling out of the parking lot
we're driving to go back on the main
streets ahead to giant tiger since we're
done everything and I'm he's like I just
saw Brielle's mom in that van and I was
like what you did yeah it was brillz mom
she was driving she was coming here I'm
like okay so we turned back around we
come back around through the parking lot
and look she was right oh you got your
crimes hey that's awesome she thinks
we're going on the our ID oh so didn't
hate going yes that's right at least you
have that to say right but you know what
we walk down that way and looked at
everything and then there's a fire hole
right here they were on the fire trucks
i turn the lights on they took pictures
that's awesome she takes me out yeah
holy right do it back it or is he no
just you guys just mommy and daughter
yeah just stopped its importance and got
some yummy donut the kids were getting
hungry and grouchy so we found Tim
Hortons went through the drive thru and
now they're happy again it's amazing how
food can just totally change your mood I
like they're like oh so grouchy and so
mad and
got them down there like yeah it's so
funny so I don't get ice cut very often
from tim hortons but I'll urge it
normally get the french vanilla one and
they don't have fresh vanilla flavored
anymore they have a vanilla bean so it
tastes really different but it's just a
lot sweeter can you hear that chewing on
the camera you're allowed to wear close
your mouth let me know what you think
what's your favorite kind of ice cap is
there any other different flavors I
haven't thought of or trying um the
vanilla bean is ok but I do prefer the
French fail what do you guys like to get
to Martin strife there hey guys what's
up take a look at vicky's right now
she's not smoking hot away so today
Vicki gets all dressed up and she goes
down our decision that she will Hawks by
the fire station and the firemen are
like Oh Vicki Vicki come over here come
over for a second you're screaming at
her to come over look at her pum pum pum
pum pum pum pum anything there dick and
then they give her the full too early
come on in here I'll want to climb up in
the fire truck i'm hearing the video in
the background look who I got a little
shot of your rear end oh yeah whatever
look at her blushing she stole he was
trying to pick up the spiral busted
don't go busted all these big strong
firemen were like picking out our okay
what was an old man the other one was
younger I hate women call me over young
man called her over is it oh yeah hey
girl what's up this obviously ain't kids
like oh come on in the kids say yeah
this is what I'm not work hard working
my butt off so that I can provide for my
family what are they doing I want to
flirt with the firemen I always thanks
for watching if you subscribed already
subscribe what's going on back just do
it everybody's doing it everybody is
yeah and leave some comments below
because we want to get to know you want
to talk to you and we're going to answer
every single comment and I'll forget to
give us a thumbs up
