hey so it's day number two here in the
great outdoors and which make it up some
breakfast everybody had a pretty good
sleep when their hammocks last night hey
guys an amazing sleep amazing sleep what
about you either them increased week
pretty sweet yeah so there you go so if
you're thinking to yourself man I don't
want to go camping sleep on the floor
don't don't be a chump get a hammock
check out my other channel to its
backpack hiker and you'll be able to see
a lot of different camping hammocks and
you'll be going to be pretty impressed
I'm not gonna lie so we're just finished
up and now are loading the truck up with
those stuff and we're gonna head back
home hey guys I can't think in the
morning cuz now it's good afternoon I
spent all morning like doing laundry and
we're just lazing around the house all
morning in accidents golf was all day
yeah so now we are just walking to
nick's aunt's house because i like i
said we're pet-sitting so we're also
looking after their cats where their
cats felis better help yeah we're their
cat's name is out of me cash anytime
yeah funny got cut and skinny cat come
on oh that and another one is ripped
skinny yeah so we're going there to play
with them let them out for a bit you
know just give them some company and
then I got to change the litter and get
their fresh food and fresh water and
we're doing that on the weekends only so
today the weekend so we are on our way
so yeah maybe well them a little bit
inside so you can see the cats so we're
here skinny cat without the Jordan
Greta's trying to sneak out hey
president he gets nervous
oh nice kitty cat yes back at you'll
know which ones back Oh mommy Hughes has
eq right mommy my god hi handsome deeds
he's heavy senior heavy oh he's big as
me as soon as i walked in i can feel the
litter so that he's changed and i look
at so cute look he loves it he loves it
which go skiing cat this one tries to
sneak out all the time you like to be an
outdoor cat don't you hi skinny gasps
hey how are you there's a frog right in
the middle oh how many did it and she
was trying to get the rocks close to it
to scare it to come over closer to her
so she can reach it okay it's still
there he moved a little bit when you
threw the rock by him but he's not
moving a flinch in with those rocks
don't see that wall look right oh here's
a big frog on the end of the log he's
right there on the log hey whoa whoa
that's too close to I guess there's the
Frog they know if they say just out of
reach we can't get them yes
subscribe to our home Ebony's all upset
because we didn't get a frog and as I'm
walking I see a little dog haven't heard
me it's like what so we didn't find any
big frogs but it would be a bit around
three little frogs well they got a
friend for the other one that we lost
and buzzing the guy said we had one and
then we lost him then we found another
one and then we found two more so we
have a little friends right and these
are good art apples all grown up right
look a little like look at this one it's
so little like so let's one's a little
stat once i'm megan is darker too and
this was a leper tracking a little light
they're really cute real men on this guy
is hello mr. just cute yeah so we made a
little home for the Frog I'm okay
Janelle maybe believe it look any are
they have a dry spot in a wet spot maybe
the little ones just sitting under the
water that one sitting on top where's
the other guy okay where yeah oh yeah
them in there they really camouflage she
sings me huh do you see the froggy yeah
froggy what's the froggy say ribbit
ribbit ribbit ribbit ribbit ribbit they
playing bring a bit my rabbit day for me
I got a package in the mail I know it
isn't like faded it's like a bracelet I
got to show you this is really cool just
I say I'm a little disappointed in the
quality of the bracelet I thought it was
going to be a lot bigger and more fit to
my wrist and it's one of those like
class that you can't even like put on
yourself so right now it's really loose
I can't tighten it because I can't do it
with one hand so someone else has to put
it on for you but i'll just show you the
bracelet this is it here so it looked
way cooler online it was like more
tighter and i thought it was a lot
so it looks weird and it doesn't fit
obviously because it's got those that
class thing so it's super hard to put on
anyways the reason why I got it is
because i really like i really like what
it stands for so if you can see there's
an anchor like an affinity symbol and
like a steering wheel so it's like a
sailor one but i really like it because
first of all i don't have a lot of navy
bracelets to where it was a lot of
naming I wear a lot of Navy so I really
like it but i like it because jesus is
my anchor his love is eternal and he is
the one that Drex my path so that's why
i really really like it so I'm a little
disappointed though and make and the
quality and that's not as Lord I thought
it was gonna be I'm sure you guys don't
feel like he was gone because he
probably did whole bunch of videos from
him they missed you we are hoping you're
gonna be home before bedtime yeah they
really missed you hey guys so I'm gonna
go ahead and end the vlog it was really
fun camping with my brothers I had the
best time is so much fun we had a great
spot there was like nobody around it was
so quiet at night of stuff but it's so
good to be home now with Vicky and the
kids too i love them so much so yeah i'm
gonna so give us a thumbs up don't
forget to leave some comments below and
subscribe if you haven't already
subscribed we love to have you part of
the community and if you start leaving
comments will respond to every comment
so it's good to hear you guys and have
here what you go through it is similar
to things that we're going through and
stuff so yeah it leave some comments
talk to you tomorrow
