good morning so we had an ok sleep last
night we tried to stay up to watch the
stars on the telescope and we all fell
asleep so that didn't really work out
mr. income it's like hostile wedding
yeah we stayed up to like four to 11 I
was at past that i was up till poly like
one in the morning again i just couldn't
sleep it's just weird for me hey but
Nick's been sleeping all morning making
us some wonderful pancakes and bacon
I've been cooking for over an hour yeah
cuz all you got is like there's one tiny
little frying pans like little grill so
nice lemonade I'm so hungry oh yeah boo
the Romulans lunchtime it's like yeah
we're having breakfast at like nine
thirty in the morning which does not
happen we should we have breakfast at
like seven in the morning so it's a
little different for us camping for sure
you guys enjoying his pancake stick wood
yum yum now guys got blueberry all over
his face and his hands sands are purple
his arms yeah so that's it so the
forecast is thunderstorm say that we're
hoping it doesn't happen yeah but I did
say that it wouldn't start until like
around four so we're gonna try and make
the most of today that we can like being
outside and stuff and then we have a
back-up plan so we're going to if it
rains we're going to go to town and they
have a giant are assorted shopper out of
there mm-hmm what do we already feel
good movie oh yeah we might put a movie
on in the car watching movie something
like that we'll see but we're just gonna
make the best of it right guys we could
always drive home for a few yeah Agra
far away run away oh look at the chip on
guys excuse you hey come on say hi
anyways no don't see a little chipmunk
Levi and daddy are taking a nap in the
hammock I keep tripping over this rope
they're over here in the hammock didn't
you have all night to sleep no you
didn't I don't sleep the second i said i
know i'm so surprised hope you guys are
open and they're closed open closed took
a poo poo or sitting here Oh lovely
guess you can change in one unit they're
getting anxious here honey nap touch
that times over yeah okay so now we're
just walking through the park store and
we are going to go get we decided to go
for lunch and for dinner so we're gonna
get our onions and french fries and
howling to get some ice cream after
doing some really yummy stuff here at
the store so kids are pretty exciting
excited to go get some lunch I'm going
north ice cream so bet you are you
excited to go so much gonna get some
onion rings okay I think we need to go
have quiet time everyone myself yeah
true but we wanted to take advantage of
the sunshine willits out too so we
thought it won't look and it was try now
it's so hot yeah it keeps like changing
we just want to check the water and it
was like freezing cold and it was windy
and now like the sun's beating down it's
so hot we just don't know what the day
is deciding to do so we don't really
know how to plan our day to look at our
french fries so many and then
rings we love our onion rings so good
we're in the nice shady spot and thanks
Bri I'm cool down on me I know who needs
to see me now we're gonna breeze as we
walk back with swimming or sweating from
the Sun ago you he's afraid space bunny
he sitting at the big table with this
yeah big boy look guys they didn't have
any coke I only had pepsi
what I personally prefer coke so does
Nick what do you guys prefer do you
prefer coke do prefer pepsi let us know
in the comments below but on the other
hand i really like dr. pepper I think
then I don't that's a Pepsi products yes
it is so we just need pepsi or coke not
the products not the brand just the
actual item itself coke is way better I
love you oh so sweet we found a floating
caterpillar its pile and I think it's
stuck in a spider web it looks so funny
gonna get it no wait wait I want to
report it look at it just floats like
it's just moving movie movie the good
looks so funny hey it's like trying to
get away from a spider web you're gonna
save an Avenue I'm he's gonna save it
did you save it look she's named a
caterpillar from the spider web oh it's
a cute one too it looks like a baby Oh
little green guy he reminds me of that
warm on Sesame Street it's mice blimey
your smiley or something oh okay it's
cute I don't know by a mayor spiders
don't know abney rescued the caterpillar
look at it like how it crawls do you go
that's crawling yeah okay it was Kyle
just like that worm on the set cement
shoe having it is so cool guys it's
quarter to eight and we're rushing to
the store right now to get ice cream
because they close at eight o'clock and
we totally forgot well I totally forgot
Nick remembers like last night I was
getting ready to wash the supper dishes
and he's like he's like what time is it
i checked my tablet
Courtney he's like they close at a cloud
or like we're like oh my goodness we
have to hurry we have to go so bad so
like jumped in the car there's no plane
like soccer while I was cleaning the
dishes I like through the dishes down
and like made like a mad dash now we're
just getting there hopefully on time I
think we're really close so we should
make it hopefully there's like no
animals going to get all of our leftover
food oh yeah cuz we have left everything
out we got good news we made it on time
we got ice cream we got ice cream yay
happy dance raise your happy ice cream
dance hominid no program I like Emma's
