this may take a while this would be a
long video footage right now
ok Avenue is gonna mark the last day on
the calendar for the camping trip this
one it's what yeah just go Chad yeah
like x yeah yeah it's camping dick hey
giving day we're finally all ready to go
and Rory go I just want to save the
flirt quick I don't want any ant so
we're gone anyways all right ready go
camping guys you want to go just because
we're waiting yes alright just played a
really mean trick on me he was like he
went registry he's like ah guess what
there was someone camping there last
night so they don't want to check out
till tune it sounded like 22 11 so I was
like oh darn like kind of thought that
might have happened because if nobody's
in your spot you can if you come at any
time you can just go there and Campion
off the wait till two right so um yeah I
was like well that could have been
expected then he goes yeah now there's
this new
you can pay for an extended checkout
time so now they're not leaving until
five I was like what five o'clock I'm
like that's not fair and I started
getting all upset and then he's like
smirking and then he totally lied to me
well you mean you see life in a trance
Richter your trick me get so that
doesn't even exist by the way checkout
time the checker extended checkout time
and there's nobody there so we can go
and set up now can I do damn I'm gonna
go do the beat jam party today is gonna
be our nice hot day for swimming so
we're going to take full advantage of it
and go today so yeah how they do yeah
there's a color green one but the
bathroom I see oh yeah here take my
camera show me the shows in the
caterpillar it's it's right there you
guys can see it crawling right there
everyone's right camping with us it's
green what's funny okay you're we are
driving up to our campsite number 88 we
got neighbors we are number and they got
a tent trailer there's the bathroom walk
with your staff and walk either walk we
walk with number 89 missus I you see
every by the bathrooms hey and there's a
little Park through there too good babe
I'm here the boys are helping daddy
build the tent watch you don't hit Levi
this may take a while this would be a
long video footage right now huh oh
maybe maybe i'll just show you the end
result it would go a lot faster if some
people were just sitting in the bug
shelter watching i'm eating my lunch
still sorry i don't wolf it down as fast
as the guys d
subscribe to haha you guys having the
best time out here near no are you in
the bug net think abou he just keeps
going in and out in and out in and out
go back in again oh I can go over here I
will reach high note to self remember to
bring a mat for the front entrance of
the tent because they step on it and
they get their socks covered in dirt
when they're switching their shoes to go
inside the tent note to self bring a mat
also bring a Dustbuster to clean out the
inside of the tent and just to clean the
air mattresses castle that's buster wait
mattresses also learn how to inflate
mattresses because I didn't do a very
good job apparently so guys we are
walking to the beach oh yeah going to
the beach hey you could see Nick up
ahead with all the beach gear I'm
carrying stuff to see I have a big beach
beach bag here too so don't worry snap
her goggles on her head and their little
floaty thing and Malachi's is Dolly
legging behind here come on let's go I
want to go to the beach
man guys I'm telling you the mosquitoes
are out like crazy they're like
attacking us it's really really bad out
here I can't wait until I can cover
myself a bug spray in sweatpants and
sweatshirts and everything getting rid
of these bugs serious guys running off
to park you can see the park that swings
and slides and I'm like a big giant
slide a couple of things to do Levi so
tired he's like falling asleep on this
swing
right
you didn't have an appt today you know
you so right guys so we wanted to have
something really fun to do tonight so
look what we got see what that is
ah door a lick star you're right
yeah stars are you think do you like it
so when the stars in the moon come out
we could use this and look at them to
see the Pulsar out check it out with our
telesco I got it on sale so I thought oh
remember gravity will told me one time
you were like Daddy I wish I had a
telescope so we can watch the service
where you told me that alright guys so
we're just about to roast some
marshmallows and make some s'mores you
know the classic campfire thing going on
and yes I think we're just going to sign
off for today it was been a crazy day we
felt like today like dragged on but like
in a good way because we thought took us
so long to set up and get everything
organized and then it ended up only
being like two hours like it was it we
thought it was like for class and it was
only two o'clock so it was a good thing
but we were like Aaron this day is going
so slow but everyone's pretty exhausted
we're pretty ready for bed so we're
going to do some little campfire and
then we're probably all gonna head to
bed and then sleep all night long
