this is how you fit all the clothes in
that one little duffel bag so check this
out I'll show you how to do it okay so
you take the t-shirt or whatever shirt
it is put it out just flat like that you
fold the shorts and in the underwear not
the socks like this inside of it you're
going to fold your shirt over one way
hold your shirt over the next way kind
of smooth it out a little bit and take
your socks and you're going to put it so
like the toes are touching so that this
part of the sock sticks out at the end
and you're going to roll and roll those
socks in there like that
so you have the sock sticking out then
you're going to take your socks and
you're gonna spread them out on top of
the outfit like so yeah nice job look at
that so easy you can also do it with
long sleeves I'll show you here and then
this way also you don't have to worry
about picking outfits yeah so I'd say
here Nick can you go with Malfatti
bathroom get him dressed
boom there's his outfit I can handle
that this is simple Oh what matches what
doesn't matter would you put it in yeah
all together so long or you don't have
to worry about messy bags yeah sorting
through all the clothes to find outfit
yeah okay Castillo Oxley's is a little
different okay so you kind of fold your
sleeves over top of each other when
you're folding it and kind of like stick
them out like this will mop and then
these are really really long so I'm
going to tuck them over again and the
other one
now if you have like really tight please
you can still use it kind of there you
go
words in like a little ball it's perfect
cool I know you can even do it like
really small little socks like this
because as long as they have that
stretch they're good to go
perfect yeah so let's say me and my
Pocky look I even did Nick's clothes
check it out
awesome outfit now I don't have to worry
about coordinating myself
