as howdy my name is mater and this year
is my best friend let me McQueen
good morning guys so guess what i am
recording right now on my new pink
camera it's like a nice little baby pink
color Nick got it free and that was a
nice surprise because I had opened up
the black one nothing I was just a point
or anything but it was um it was really
neat when he was like oh you did open up
the other box and I was like no and like
aren't they both the same cuz they both
look the same on like the outside of the
box and he was like nope they're
different and then opened it and saw the
pink one so it's so great and the
awesome thing is praise the Lord that
the GoPro now works so Nick's going to
return the other ones that saves us like
a hundred bucks so that's so good such a
blessing so I thought afterwards i'll
show you in the mirror what my camera
looks like that way you can see the pink
i'm talking about see it like a you can
see it yeah you can see it seems like a
reasonable baby pink color I really like
it is really nice you're a tiger on the
rock Wow a big jump now Levi wants up to
and what are the girls being on the rock
oh the mermaid yes it looks like the
rock from the little mermaid doesn't it
yeah can you sing like wisps little
mermaid sitting on the rock I can do it
but not what's up it oh can I here
I forget dress that's pretty good is
that what she says on the rock doesn't
she say I wish I could be now part of
that was it well world on the rock yeah
at the end the end okay playing a quick
game of what time is it mr. wolf in the
big field release the wolf go down there
you guys might want to take bigger steps
oh it's gonna take a while to get to her
subscribe
did you see those geese they're like
totally taking up the whole Road those
are the ones vicki was talking about the
other day cars doohickeys so I just went
to the store on my lunch break and
return that camera i just got for
vlogging migas not like Oprah work so I
don't need it right but I'm just gonna
make it back to where I was so long in
the store some stories have the longest
return policy they don't just like
return something make you feel as so
much paperwork and all this crap with
like just take it back I've only had it
for one day what can I possibly have
done to it hey guys so we're trying to
organize yourselves for camping because
we're going camping this friday i can't
wait it's gonna be so much fun I love
camping so much I don't know what it is
will be no side and camping but it's
just the best time so we're going to
organize everything I gotta get the
tents overload and all the sleeping bags
and blow up mattresses and just there's
a lot of stuff that we have to get ready
to bring so when we go camping mughal
car camping and we go like luxury
camping like it is luxurious as you can
get inside a tent we do because Vicki
super picky for that kind of stuff so
that's what we're going to be doing
tonight and tomorrow night's game ready
for that so I just want to say hi to a
little friend of mine is name's Milo hey
Milo what's up dude how's it going
you're doing good so Milo's mom said
that he will watch our videos and think
that it's like a Skype or FaceTime
conversation so he'll be like try to
talk to us and stuff like that then like
y'all could be was like I understand why
aren't they answering my questions so
that's why I did that hi to my little
thing so it's just the end of the night
just before bedtime ebony and daddy are
over here play Super Nintendo
together hi and I are just about to look
at a big car looking fine book is in
here this one here you can find shapes
and stuff baby could you look it up hook
together and then and then it's going to
be my guy and I think I'm going to try
to sit down with the FN starving yeah
fun camper and where we talked about
camping yeah Jeremiah is howdy my name
is mater and this here is my best friend
let me McQueen this is my junk guard
will you help us find these yeah
like my major acts a mirror so thanks so
much for watching the blog today and I
just wanted to remind you to leave some
comments because we will for sure get
back to you we want to build a
relationship with you guys so you know
back and forth is a good thing and also
gives us a thumbs up because i like
those those are really cool it's just
saying good job keep on going so and we
love what we do so thank you again for
supporting us in this venture
