hey guys throughout the new park and
it's thinking cool man I wish I could
have shown you a before shot so you can
see what it looked like before but here
it is
okay good morning guys so I came outside
to come play at the kiss kiss me
gorgeous day and there's a package
waiting for me at the front door and I
think it might be our new camera so I'm
going to just check it out right now I
can see totally disappointed it is not
our cameras what did Nick order now cook
and fire everything tastes better in the
great outdoors sure it does and what is
this a Swedish fire knife a Swedish fire
steel fire starter a strainer cutting
board and a little book a while cooking
interesting my guest and excited first
camping trip with his brothers mountain
house propac delicious meals anytime
anywhere look chilly macaroni with beef
it's freeze-dried very appetizing
Hawaiian rice with chicken from
backpackers pantry yeah so this is
definitely a Knicks order of stuff for
his brother's campaign trip not our
camping trip because I will not eat the
dried food like that I'll make my own
good but that's kind of funny I was
really looking forward to paying up a
camera because already my arms hurting
holding this one up so maybe in the next
couple days hopefully hopefully we get
it before our camping trip so we shall
see
if I can play peek-a-boo because it away
because it might be Michael it d by give
you a better way to enjoy our fresh
picked strawberries and having a
strawberry shortcake or it's like what
is it strawberry angel cake hey yourself
a solitary sure yeah look away and down
here then use check it out look like a
nominee like she's already eating a
strap dis and strawberries there in the
castle the castle and look Levi even eat
some tea is it good yeah what's daddy up
to make us some Bray you can some braids
in the frame a career as a present this
can best Mother's Day present I think
everybody the most useful as a present
I've ever like cat yeah I'm gonna be so
much good yeah I need some tea yes so
we're doing after dessert we are heading
out for a bike ride as a family and
we're going to go to a new park so when
we get there we'll show you it a
refurbished park I think they actually
tore the whole thing down and rebuilt it
well this year old yeah oh wow so we'll
show you what we get there hopefully
it's a good buzz
hey guys are at the new park and it's
thinking cool man i wish i could have
shown you a before shot so you can see
what it looked like before but here it
is check out this new park oh that's
right by the water so it's pretty cool
this used to be a beach but now they've
like eliminated the beach and just
replace it with a big giant park which
kind of sucks i give you still go on the
water but it used to be like a big beach
area it's pretty nice eh I like it okay
you go over there Ready Steady Go you're
gonna catch me the bump yep ready set go
come on hey son okay where's that thing
awesome can you get all the way to the
top well you did it make a jump she got
jump off now okay no cuz not what you
gotta do oh sorry my bad hey check out
this new sly they've got going on here
look malachi doesn't even use the stairs
so fast malachite Oh leave on down
you're gonna try the new slide by mmm
okay daddy's gonna spin a bini don't
know if I can
like a spinning teacups moving up and
we're leaning back that's it back that's
pretty funny what's right yeah you know
okay yeah that's really that here we are
at the beach ecard look at all this sand
not add a change okay so standing here
maybe but it's so nice miss Phaedra have
a deep water boy over here it's so
pretty oh yeah look at that almost looks
like a shark face oh my gosh shark see
that I name is the verb is upside down
look like a shark fin completely that
was hilarious there's the deep water
thing oh I'm stuck Lebanese foot let's
go guys I can't see any longer thank you
forever you gotta go we can't stay oh
yeah Oh broke free
