hey guys so today's law we're doing
something a little bit different we got
a little longer collaboration going on
with Gareth and Kalin botted so check
out their blog now I'm gonna have a link
to their channel below so you can click
on it and subscribe if you like what you
see anyways check it out and don't
forget to give us some thumbs up
subscribe and leave some comments below
stairs moly funds where we put the dog
food for the evening when she's sleeping
and she goes oh true I want to put it in
my mouth hmm dog food hello my name is
Gareth and uh yeah today we're on
someone else's channel looks a bit funny
around here smells a bit weird TP time
with our poopy bag every responsible pet
owner dog owner should always carry poo
poo bags oh I'm gonna stop now oh no
don't want to invade his personal space
so today we've got two weddings to go to
we never get invited to weddings I've
been a wedding in the five years that
I've been in Canada and then suddenly we
have to go to two in one day fancy that
do you have a Betty face oh that's a
nice pair oh yeah so I figured uh you
know we had better introduce ourselves
as a family my name's Gareth board and
I'm an English man who lives in Canada
and he's been living here for Regina
Saskatchewan for five years now be 6
News in October I sing and play guitar
we do daily vlogs I'm currently a
full-time student at university training
to become an educator so we can go
travelling we want to go to
international schools around the world
and travel and take our viewers with us
this is Ella other really likes do loom
bracelets and she's a big fan of One
Direction say hi
we're doing a new video because I videos
being showcased on someone else's lock
so we're introducing ourselves yeah you
did tell us a little bit about yourself
my name is Kathy bought it that is a
little bit mother of three education
student at university of regina i love
to travel i love yoga even though i
don't always practice it cuz i'm a
little lazy hi mom hi Milo lights yo
gabba gabba he likes the bubble guppies
and any kind of variation of those with
play-doh on YouTube what else do you
like mono yeah that's fine too yeah good
molly is when you were a baby she likes
to dance and she likes to put lots of
things in the mouth and her favorite
song is baby baby we're tuning in beige
yeah yeah she really likes that song oh
hi how is our exchange sure who lives
with us where are you from ha no I'm
from Japan yeah whereabouts in Japan um
the east okay and do you like in Canada
yeah you do what you like best about it
um people are friends friendly people
that yeah i agree i think Canadians are
very friendly yeah thanks hun okay we're
just on our way to the first wedding and
we're all spiffed ourselves up so we
look nice are you excited yeah
you
well I was super beautiful made me feel
a little bit emotional so happy for you
guys you deserve all the happiness in
the world congratulations you guys you
made me mess up my makeup tamala what
happened you've got chocolatey fingers
you're choking its he hands should wipe
them all over al no doubt just I'm just
joking don't do that just joking I'm
just about to go and do my singing nur
degrom I don't know do I look like a
nerd I don't know if I'm Neddie enough
okay so we just completed our singing
telegram which one surprisingly well
pretty happy with a lot turned out and
now we're going to our third wedding
sorry third event second wedding so
should be interesting it's been a busy
day like
