definitely make a pass from Steph number
to remove the step step number three
watch the babies step number four mash
the strawberries step number five mix
four cups of mashed strawberries
in one package of certain
bring that to a boil step number six
seven cups of sugar step number seven
use a ladle to scoop your jam into a
mason jar
leaving one quarter inch away from the
top staff number eight place your can
jars into boiling water make sure
there's two inches of water covering the
top of the jars leave inside the boiler
water for 10 minutes step number man
after ten minutes remove the jam from
the boiling water and then place it into
a nice sow minute cruise at four hours
step number 10 the final step once your
jars and pool top the tops and if
there's pressure then that means they've
got a good seal if they go in like this
and pop that means of their nazia you
have to redo it and there's your ten
easy steps to make some delicious
homemade strawberry jam
