I said to Nick I said really chicken in
a hot dog does not if like that's
disgusting just sounds gross so I was
like I really don't think you should get
these I'm not gonna eat when he's like
oh I'm gonna try let's try them
hey guys what's up so too horrible
things happen one I woke up with the
absolute worst headache so I had to take
the day off work and I slept too like
eleven o'clock Chinese rid of this
headache it still hurts a little bit
number two look what happened the worst
possible thing happened I dropped my
camera in the lake this is my GoPro and
it's sitting in the bowl rice I don't
know what to do I'm gonna go to the
source which is are like an electronic
store in Canada and apparently they have
some sort of like drying device that you
can put your electronics in so I'm gonna
try and get that but it is evil to drive
it that's my cameraman my best camera
now I have to use this giant DISA I
can't find alike it's so heavy and hard
to hold and so Vicki dropped her camera
canon now dropped my camera my GoPro
both of them in the lake all we have
left is big giant DSLR so this heroes
that's it we can't even blog anymore
like I'm super bummed out about it so I
have to get this thing working so i
could start vlogging some videos man hey
guys so i went to the store to see they
had that stuff i needed for drying out
my GoPro and they don't they don't make
it anymore so i have to buy a new camera
mine doesn't work so i bought baking I
both new camera cuz hers that would they
were supposed to do it under warranty
but they just sent me a message today
saying they're not gonna do it anymore
because it was too much water damage
alright that should be it doesn't dumb
rule they should make a role like you
could get it replaced even if there is
water damaged because that would be a
good worthy warranty i would pay for
that warranty but lo and behold they
don't so here i am using this heavy DSLR
camera at least the pictures probably
pretty clear this out is good but yeah
hopefully i'll get those blog cameras
next week but for the next few days
better with me for these real close up
shots because i don't have a wide angle
lens so and i can't hold it back any
further we are just going to walk to the
store to go and buy some hot
and some crackers and chocolate because
we're having a campfire tonight so we're
gonna do we're practicing for camping
next weekend I told Nick I said why are
we doing it now when we're going next
weekend camping like they're gonna be
like oh we've been there done that but
they're like it's practice mom it's
practice so I've been told just roasting
some hotdogs and campfire raise any
chicken hot dog good night through off I
said you Nick I said really chicken in a
hot dog does not I said Nick I said
really chicken in a hot dog does not if
like that's disgusting just sounds gross
so I was like I really don't think you
should get these I'm not gonna eat when
he's like oh I'm gonna try let's try
them if like that's disgusting just
sounds gross so I was like I really
don't think you should get these I'm not
gonna eat when he's like oh I'm sure
let's try them like I literally just
trouble so now he regrets it should have
listened to me yeah look at them
original chicken wieners no thank you
the last time I had smores when I can't
beam I was so sick like my stomach was a
mess basyx puking again my stomach was a
mess so any time I think about s'mores I
just think nope can't do it because I
just associated with my stomach ache so
the kids love s'mores and they're all
set to have smores but I'm staying away
from it so I'm like I'm gonna get
chocolate bar instead how's it going
over here okay dark chorionic going up
she listened to your way huh yeah yeah
magazine is marshmallows and he made
well daddy made it sorry is it good yes
yes finally oh wait okay yeah I don't
know me by you roasting marshmallows
with Daddy i roasted marshmallows at
daddy can't make s'mores more time
he's roasting her marshmallow for her
s'more oh look at the brown I like it's
good okay I consider myself a
marshmallow expert check out these ma
look it perfectly Brown mm-hmm double he
really the best oh oh yeah taking after
daddy looks great you enjoying this or
look at that oh yeah we got any method
of chocolate yeah I didn't melt the
chocolate Malachi's got his gooey gooey
goodness huh you brought a jar over
himself city just relaxing by the fire a
man hey Malik I are you enjoying
yourself yeah prepare to be amazed nick
has a very cool marshmallow trick to
show you guys watch as I cut this
marshmallow in half oh yeah I see you
marshmallow oh yeah okay here we go
ready guys
I'm zooming it look at using ah yeah so
talented what can I say I'm a man of
many talents
