okay so tonight we are going to be
chatting with some other vloggers on
these time so we're going to be doing
some networking and we're kind of
excited I'm kind of excited about it
savin e is pulling briella malachite in
the wagon on our walk to the store to
get stuff for supper super duper fast
casey on the side and they go okay
albany that's good gotta wait for mom
Levi keeps insisting on going on this
like the tricycle bike she's got have
been like a little toy cars or something
you can ride in so I have to keep
rescuing him clean him Levi you're too
little for that wait when you are car
over here hey down no insist on going on
it look look at him climb it look at you
gotta throw by himself look at you did
you get up there all by yourself he's
trying to reach the pedals you're too
little mister in Rome ooh yeah I'm not
gonna move is it free are funny hot like
the worst kink in my neck last plate and
like every time I like move my head this
way like a shooting pain goes down my
neck for sure my shoulder
oh good more and more all the way right
there hurts really bad so like even like
crossing this bridge see there's any
cars i'm like no oh god no guys cuz wow
this just twisting it like to actually
turn my head and look at first no what I
did but it's been hurting and bugging me
all day long Nick gave me a nice massage
this morning to try to help it and it
worked for when he was doing it but I
can't we come to go home give me another
one okay so tonight we are going to be
chatting with some other bloggers on
FaceTime so we're going to be doing some
networking and we're kind of excited I'm
kind of excited about it and I think
it's gonna be fun to kind of you know
get to know somebody else is doing the
same thing with their family and kind of
see what they're doing was working for
them all that kind of fun stuff so hey
so I just came up do a little fishing
before it got too dark you but check out
the sunset it's pretty awesome so
peaceful living by the lake all the time
can't beat it not during the summer
anyways can't beat it and it wasn't any
submission check it out caught a sweet
little bass oh yeah yeah I want to show
my cousin Daniel because I wonder if he
ever fishes off here and catches
anything can be funny if he does it and
I'd be like yeah I cut a fish off your
dog subscribe do you love life I want to
scare my cousin he said no one noticed
she doesn't know about here ghana okay
so i had to bro some pliers from daniel
because i couldn't get that fish off of
my line so any heads bitch i was
wrong he has cut fish so this is a
little fish too it's not very big one
yeah it's a little bus hey guys so the
worst possible thing that could happen
happen to me like 10 minutes ago okay
Vicki says is not the worst possible
thing okay a horrible thing for me that
just could have happened to me just
happened I was fishing and then I was go
prowling and then I put the GoPro on my
pocket I leaned over the water to wash
my hands and a friggin thing fell out of
my pocket music you can't wash your
hands in the lake water well when you
touch a fish you gotta rinse your hands
off at least I did watch me as I go okay
Vicki ruining my video okay so I dropped
my GoPro oh my gosh
I drop my GoPro in the water it's wet
soaking wet like it was turned on tues
it was like completely not functioning
so I prayed about it and I guess I just
have to trust that whatever is going to
happen is going to happen and I can't
buy myself out about it so Vicki's
camera got dropped in the lake my camera
got dropped in the lake now all we have
left is this oh yeah her own turned
out pretty here but now all we have left
is this giant DSLR camera if my arms are
getting tired just I'm a holy for this
three-second video but yeah what a bust
so we're going to be chatting with some
vlogger soon in a few minutes I guess
and then yeah that's going to be it for
today's vlog because I'm stressed out
from this camera being dropped I'm
hoping that it's going to just relax Lee
come back and work and be brand new hey
guys so I just finished doing our face
time with Gareth and Kayleen from their
YouTube channel I can never move what is
this Gareth and then I can't remember
their last name I'm the worst person
ever anyways I'm gonna have a link right
below anyways so you can click on it and
check out their YouTube channel it's
really good there another family doing
vlogs in Canada so yeah Canada anyways
we're gonna do a day in the life of
video swap this Saturday so stay tuned
to our channel if you want to see what's
going on in their channel because their
video is going to be on our channel on
Saturday and vice versa but yeah go
check them out now click the link and
see what they're like anyways thanks for
watching and we hope that you subscribe
leave some comments and don't forget to
give us the thumbs up we need some more
subscribers to guys come on keep
clicking the subscribe button we really
need to get that number up to like 500
this month that was probably not gonna
happen but that would be sweet if if you
guys can make that happen I would be
very happy camper anyways talk to you
tomorrow
