sign is doing some online shopping
there's free shipping today only at
certain stores and there's clearance I
doubt he feels like only a kid or your
shirt so I'm just getting a couple of
things for the kids for next summer so
we probably are going out today to to
the mall so I'm going to consider to
find there before I order but it's kind
of antelope concedes my options were
first before I went to the store it's a
really cool day like it's really windy
outside like it's pretty cool so I was
just flash-fried it the kids cuz we have
marzia it's definitely not warm enough
for splash pad we try to do that last
time too and it was a cold day so
Colonel you're supposed to getting this
really really hot weather like we're
supposed to have a really hot summer or
something like that because we had such
a brutal winter it wasn't like a super
hot summer but it hasn't been it's been
like really cool like breezy summer so
probably complaining but it would have
been nice to go swimming today in this
Jennifer looking for shoes for name
look how cute they are
oh my goodness so cute so we ran into
Brielle and her mommy her baby brother
beckons we're at the play please hey
there's my mommy feeding little back
it's not really little but you know this
they enjoying your bottle now now you're
happy now you're happy there's miss
breann look who we ran into it's Brielle
real you say hi nope to be cleaned and
you got Levi he doing with your brother
he's having fun he's like I'm free I'm
out of the stroller please come in now
yes I'll come in finally out of the
solar
Hey Ya me but why I love you but no I'm
gonna come in its ok here we go is
running around everywhere nice now you
want to do it again don't you you click
my luck phone there's no stairs on this
one no it's just a big bridge oh you go
down this way ok look at your tongue
sticking out you ready come on one two
three
what are you three up to just to get
away from the other energy out and the
probably all fall asleep in the car on
the way home subscribe to our blog
sitting in this by anyone try it yeah
let's try you ready you ready you guys
gonna move are you ready ready I have it
going in my cried let's see okay here we
go nope he's not having it
I don't wanna go in the come on No
look how the geese lined up along this
side good them all for all up here
there's lying down chillin whatever
other some of their eating for many of
them Oh water I guess these were the
same ones that were crossing the street
at Canadian Tire last time that's funny
so we're going camping in nine days I
can't wait I love camping so much those
a venir itab me so this year we want to
have like a whole bunch of fun
activities for the kids to do so one of
the things I'm going to do is ask
average you're on so I'm going ahead of
time make a list of all like these
cabins are things I have pictures of it
and print it out so they can have like
just scavenger hunt list so they can
take with them and try and find it all
whoever finds all this stuff first is
the winner but I don't know what else
what are the kind of games you want to
make a smart our I need oh yeah so how
many wants to play make you smart our
never makes the best more turn no it's
hollis oh the tallest or more time so
we're gonna try that all right but if
you do you guys have any fun like
camping games that you do if you do put
it in the comments below because we're
trying to come up with like some fun
activities to do what with candy so let
us know if you have any fun camping
activity games type things to do okay so
um I don't know if you a member of LA
Gay we gave like a while ago it was
quite a while ago Malc I had a shirt and
said jostle and I thought this is the
coolest shirt I've ever seen never seen
before and now he's just showing me
closes she got for them for next summer
because this summer stuff is on sale for
next summer and look shows it's awesome
shirt look another one this is jawsome
it's for the same store so I guess it's
a common thing I thought it was just
like a one-time awesome thing they did
but no it's very common surfboard a nice
try a surfboard that's not a skateboard
yes everybody's man how do i marry her
what was I thinking she does he know
they give me escape on mr. now if I
picked these shorts out himself you want
a bright yellow short and he called
these his camping shorts they're just
like daddy's he says he's gonna be such
a hipster he's got green pants yellow
shorts that's pretty cool and he's got
like the hipster hairdo you
probably had never seen it with his hair
done we never do a Vicki we should start
doing his hair barrace you are so how
many has been playing with her bottom
tooth like all day today um so she's I
think she's in the bathroom right now oh
let your shoes hang out if she keeps
playing with them I keep saying it's
gonna come out on its own i see it it's
like just hang in there it's just stick
it out like that so d is she keeps going
like should I twist it should i do this
to it and like she just wants to get it
out of there and i said just let it fall
out on it oh yeah so nice the way she's
playing with it I just I'm feeling she's
gonna come right now the bathroom and
just be like love my to stop we'll see
okay
