he's so happy for his new cake do you
like it
we are at Walmart because Abney got a
gift card from her ain't unless I'm
uncle Jay and her cousin Nivea - used to
get something from her birthday so she's
got her gift card and her little wallet
was some money and so she's excited to
go shopping
so we got all her stuff that we lead at
Walmart mark I got so late little
trucker here huh
Batman just event driving car come on ty
kappa car which is so money - now train
my stuff just open up me
got lego friends over here
I got my own bubble gum baby okay okay
so Japanese always flying her kite
around sky bar-b-que and mama got this
from Hawkeye yesterday so we're gonna go
give it to him for a surprise
let's see what his reaction is Oh
Malakai looky what we got for you do it
is what all right Kevin what is this
whole thing go know what that is oh okay
yeah that's for you to fly do you like
it do I get what do you think she she
think you're wrong cause she picked it
for you he's so happy for his new kay do
you like it do you
we will have a heart-to-heart what's
wrong buddy
I think he's really excited about that
cut check out this awesome new Lego
Avenue you bought with her birthday
money there this comes with the dolphin
awesome Lego dolphin check it out she
got mango friends which is pretty cool
our kids are kind of getting into Lego
right now so I've got this cool LEGO
Friends one comes a lot of little stuff
doesn't come with a regular Lego person
though comes like this little Lego body
comes as like I don't know Barbie take
over yeah you can open it nick is
reliving his childhood days here
creating stuff with Lego as a kid hey
Nick's used to do that a lot as a kid
yeah you did yeah he's got pink and
white Lego I think one league
yeah I know he did it and all right what
are we gonna go do right now cuz it's
windy outside right
if you grabbed a grape off here please
all right what it was like that's nice
okay let's go say daddy play times over
come on no time to go and it goes sonic
right now come on let's go okay we're
gonna fly Malachi's kite for the first
time ready Molokai ready one two three
mark I go the other way run the other
way run the other way yeah Levi you see
the kites mark I go this way go this way
go towards having the geomos okay we
just avoided the tree there it goes this
kite again boom okay mark
it's me yelling on it's late mark hang
on this week no he just said he just
needs to run market go on this week
okay Malachi's guy just got caught in
the tree and then he let go of the
string the string wrapped around the
branch way up there another kite is fly
oh she was right there is a cream right
okay so what are we gonna do here you
have to wait for a day for it not to be
windy okay so the kite just flew down
far enough
vicky grabbed it like a super jump and i
grabbed this the end of the red string
and like slowly pull it down and he
ripped it down or what no and then i
walked back to this way and it came off
and he's there's a leaf on it yeah okay
who we got in so I don't know if you can
hear any of that video that we just hit
the part cuz it was pretty windy but
yeah check some pictures flew some kites
it was pretty fun anyways thanks for
watching and we really appreciate all
your guys support if you haven't
subscribed already just click that
little subscribe button right now and
we'd be happy to have you part of our
community well leave us going towards
the stairs clothespin but yeah so you
like subscribe leave some comments cuz I
loved in the comments I love chatting
with you guys I'd love to know what
you're doing what you're up to and don't
forget to like this video thanks for
watching
