no please don't iridium high I don't
want you to do that bra you go one
okay so all families in San and we're on
our way to Nick side the family reunion
now so last night was my side of the
family reunion now it's nick side of the
family reunion so yeah it should be fun
depende all things better be yes
brothers are going to be there including
the one that lives far far away they're
actually coming up today so we're really
excited because then thank ya they could
see their cousin today and they're
really thrilled about that time I love
my uncle not my house and my brothers
yes their uncle um the nice thing about
Vickie's family reunion though at least
is they have the lake we're having so we
can go swimming stuff like that so
there's lots to do the only downside of
this one is it's just in a field so it
gets hot so yeah although there is one
big tree right in the middle but
everyone puts their chairs under it
right to change it as the Shh yeah yeah
I was like move over and everything so
there's like a lot of little people
there a lot of old people but it's good
and it's got a lot of Christian heritage
and his family to which is really nice
so yeah you know they like to give
testimonies and some like that too is
great so it's awesome okay so we just
got here i'm just gonna give a bigger
thing really quick yeah i mean we're
gonna use this camera for taking
pictures and do this little baby earth
you don't want okay we're commonly vine
you don't we have your own camera to
take pictures you want me to do later
okay so she is happy but she's just
really shy
oh ya think okay bye is a big tree if
you can see it big giant tree that
provides all the shade everybody sits
under be it silly big oh and then the
kids like to go over here and play on
the playground no way I missed it falak
I do it again but I'm the tube again
show me no I just want to do it again
for you can video oh I'm starting your
camera video blogging nice that's fun
this slide over here goes crazy fast and
then they have this little kid little
playground to play on as well if not I
Malachi's already all dirtied up you got
dirt on your legs to and on your socks
and on your shirt see it's just like a
little one no they decide no you go down
there you can't go down there net Zoe no
he's gonna hit the body no please don't
iridium I I don't want you to do that
Rose let me go one hi buddy all right i
think i was on the camera upside down
that whole time what's going see daddy
ok leave i can i go down the tube again
I'm gonna catch him ready cuz hi Betty
here you go
anyway okay daddy you dress I can't
begin here I'll get stuck it really
that's it yeah is that crazy thing you
guys learning how to be gentle with the
dog gentle don't hate you go BJ look at
gentle gentle yeah I know yes good girl
nutmeg good girl okay so we're just
finished the family rien i'm tired i
think he keeps kosher yeah we got you a
new camera so happy took like so many
pictures with a new camera where they're
right Avenue do you like it
did you make videos too or just pictures
oh nice I can't wait to watch them be
able also me just keep doing funny 7 in
black video hahaha that sounds so funny
I can't wait to watch her videos she's
gonna be featured blogger people Levi
and I have a little jam session my
chocolate chopped liver me by not having
a transitional know this again okay oh
you came he he got this off of the table
over there and brought it over and asked
to get up and wanted to fight through
proxy for worship tomorrow ok here we go
everlasting God early life
we will
mmm
I God
I
Oh a strong
