hey so we got the Lego stuff out we're
trying to build some Lego things
so everybody just had a nap oh my ok no
one knows younger where he was mundo
chairs went to George my mom dad ok so I
came out I was in the hammock napping I
came out and I was like oh I guess
Malachi's nothing is beg quietly that's
weird because they're sleeping in our
bed he's sleeping in his bed but he was
downstairs so that explains that was
good my family now they'll be good for
everybody be ready for church tonight
yeah because sometimes people get
grouchy thorough for church late but not
our family more they're gonna be good
that's going to be up to like 9-10
because she nap in the afternoon tamil
worship teens money and not to play
everlasting god so there's like a little
intro lead guitar part for that so i was
practicing but i think i got it ok yeah
so we'll see teach me ok so we have a
surprise from elephant avenue and will
not leave I smell not yet but they were
so good for their babysitter last night
so we got them a special treat little
box for both of you to share the girls
tough you can play do it in it's all
different zoo animals and things hey
sheep horses penguins polar bears yeah
you can ek yeah good you're gonna just
like draft polar bears we can build it
mumps is just got a cam pms first look
I'm in pain today oh yeah I 607 good job
subscribe to our love hey so we got the
Lego stuff out we're trying to build
some Lego things oh I'm you trying to
build a horse oh yeah we can't find the
two pieces that you attach the eyeballs
do they're supposed to be a square like
this but they have like a little bump on
it so you can attach an eyeball but we
can't find it let me don't you see it it
should be somewhere in here but the
problem is it's missing in a check the
instructions are supposed to come with
it so I don't know where it is we're
thinking of calling Lego and being like
hey we were missing two pieces but I
feel like it's probably a narrow escape
minded but yeah let me know if you saw
in that little pan through that I did
okay so never mind we found it it was on
the monkey that we built and we forgot
well ah I said check the monkey cuz he's
found our brown pieces because I've
noticed on the monkey yeah I didn't
think it was on the monkey I never
putting it on but it was routine so
don't worry like aliens grew up this
time
