so today Nikki and I are going to a
wedding for her cousin she's just
getting ready look I make herself look
fine like usual yeah so she was supposed
to she was supposed to get a haircut
from somebody but they weren't able to
work to her to schedule so together and
so she stuck with the haircut she
doesn't like as much she liked it like
great you like it but not just you
brought it back he's fine she knows how
a different style of us yeah she's gonna
cut of this short doesn't look really
good i wish you got that haircut oh yeah
so yeah we're gonna go to a wedding um
but we have babysitters so we're taking
full advantage of it so we're gonna have
like a on a little date day they can
gonna try and pick glasses if you ever
seen a glass is picking video try can go
back I don't remember which number log
it is but Vicki basically tries to pick
glasses for like four hours tries on a
thousand pairs of glasses and goes I
don't like any of them so we're gonna go
try again and usually when we go to
family weddings we end up getting
pregnant so who knows who knows what's
gonna happen you were way missing a very
rare occasion Vicki and I are on a lunch
date yeah so um I just wanted to show
you what I'm getting away I'm getting
the breakfast special and lunch special
over there yeah I'm a fat so buggy gay
and its really tasty though
yeah to get both of those meals is going
to be nine dollars to have all be
together together there's a pretty good
deal because I was like do a lot of fish
per do I want breakfast and I was like
I'm getting buck yeah
house so I'm deprecating halibut halibut
house yeah we gotta get it it's gonna be
good and they're watching a soccer game
I got the best spot so I can see it in
bacchetta looking at Vicki yeah Vicky
yeah so its regular you had a video
first so here's what we got boom attic
fish and chips boom bacon and eggs boom
all that looks good 80 Vicki shaking
some essex IA I can hit 88 you I've had
a cute list maybe it's like pressure
like weather fresher anyways gotta eat
okay so Vicki and I just went to this
one glass this door to try glasses for
it and she found a pair that she likes
it looks really good except this one can
i really like like i like the shape of
the frame but they had like a defect it
was like a little bit more purple on one
side yeah don't look silly it asked the
guy can you tell me the model number
he's like no I can't tell me the model
number mission I'm like why not how am I
supposed to know which ones there he's
like Oh we'll put in a note in the
computer I'm like thanks for not the
jenny lake like we'll come back psych
we're never coming back nope i like them
so I Michael back yeah so half psych we
show you inside but they're also small
with Neil bad like filming people
because everyone is so quiet and so
small could be like it's like filling in
the library yeah yeah dear employees
arrive looking for Lego for the kids and
we came across this bucket of legos for
like thirty two dollars like on sale and
look at what those ages says she had
like an age limit if you just turn any
net or 100 I'm sorry you can't no longer
play later for 299 so you can't even
live past I and I
sorry so I just got changed in the
parking lot because we gotta go to a
wedding now and so in between for Vicki
cuz she went inside to get changed in
the bathroom so yeah we'll be at the
wedding in like an hour and a half but
for you we're gonna be at the reading
right now so r at my cousin's wedding we
just arrived I think it's outside i
forgot to tell Nick cannot make sighs
have sunscreen but that's I burn really
easily anyways so we transformed into
your wedding attire I already showed you
my wedding attire these were the way
easily to the big my lunch is where the
waiting is that a golf course it's
pretty nice we've been here before but
we're gonna check it out look there's
people already over their Stern enough
and we are in their reception hall now
and you
okay not you you're not going to watch
is so pretty oh my goodness like is I'm
not beautiful look at a little photo
area we have to look at our photos then
so cool they're like this look at the
big life you
love it I'm trying to convince nick to
take a picture with me outside by the
lake but he rolled I feel like we just
came in from like weakness i made an
hour to half so on
true I will get a picture by the end of
the night this is where the wedding
ceremony took place you can see it we
sat in those chairs make a favorite day
of the gazebo just so nice the lake and
everything is a golf course you can see
people golfing to which is hilarious
alright this is Vicki and Nick doing the
vlog
we're gonna Cameron it there you
see ya
and
again when they get
I'll be one
wonderful a about a wonderful way
finally father we thank you so much for
the sake of your glasses hood we thank
you for this time is waiting for mike
and christy we thank you so much for
your love your grace adversity thought
upon us i'm going to thank you we ask
you to bless this this wedding or we
just pray that their end is upon this
marriage for my university that they
have a long marriage or just blossom
let's reclaim this evening degrading
tasks in jesus name amen amen amen bless
the food here holy cow the wedding
reception waiting for Nicholas
high intake
Venice nu desine he washing so now I
have to hear me
our family wedding
hey guys so we just got back from the
wedding it was awesome I have my belt
bargain so that's why I sound funny i
just realized that but uh so Cara I was
watching our kids for us Thanks caring
or the best number one and she said that
Levi missed us so much that when it was
bedtime he wouldn't fall asleep he's
kept going in front of our bedroom door
and then eventually she opened the door
to show him that we weren't in there and
he went over and I kept hitting the top
of our bed and then she picked him up
and put him on our bed and then he fell
asleep in our bed like right away cuz he
missed us so much is that so cute oh
yeah so thanks for watching give us a
thumbs up subscribe little leave some
comments because we want to chat with
you
