the kids ride
so the kids are really excited because
we got the van today which means we can
go out but if you look behind us you
have an extra passenger frealz in our
car and we're super excited where are we
going and then we might go somewhere
else but thanks games no not food basics
but they don't know but we have the car
so we can go wherever we want right so
excited i'll even leave I've got his
arms up yay we made it r at the park
look at this park isn't it awesome I
think I already did a video at this park
before but it's when you have to drive
to I think the one in Avonlea school is
down for repairs so it's not as we can
walk to the park anymore so at least
that we have the car and say it's a
really nice day it's not like super hot
and sunny so it's a great day for the
park because there's nice breeze and
everything it will get too hot and
sweaty
you
you
so we are back in the car again and
we're going to library will go heigh ho
the derry-o to library will go to
library will go to my grave will go
heigh ho the derry-o to library will go
there you go just a little something
from us in the van okay so we're at a
buddys new school park check it out oh
it's got so much fun stuff this is a
pretty good park what do you think
Avenue you like it pretty awesome good I
don't know try it go go go go yeah oh
here let me try you holding on appointed
kids ride here goes Levi ready he's
gonna go by himself yeah come on here he
comes come on oh good job yeah good job
yeah good job is for sure by itself yeah
you want to go again you gotta go up
those big stairs 00 happenes going
across the bridge thingy hey hahaha
that's pretty cool
yeah it's pretty cool Oh awesome yeah
you're almost done you almost get it you
almost did it go go go go yeah Hey look
who cleaned up on the slide what a goose
guys I have bad news I haven't got eaten
by a spider and caught in his web she's
caught in the spider webbing is gonna
eat there I hear this manner just at the
local course playing some b ball you
know how it is with my peeps yeah
they're half my age but whatever that's
cool i'm down like that and it Isaac
Allen shot Oh sparkles that's why you
didn't get in mother ever shot hahaha
okay so we just finished playing
basketball and yeah I dominated the
teenagers nobody yeah no big deal oh so
yeah now we're just gonna we're done
playing basketball for who played for
like it over an hour now we're going to
play some Indian handball I guess that's
a routing to say now I guess we're
playing Aboriginal American handball
