good
so today is Monday and we are off to
Nick's parents house for um just a fun
day we were supposed to be there now
where is mostly teasing any left for
like 15 minutes it's okay where's those
of you there at eleven and it's 1106
right now so but we did text them and
say that we're running behind we had to
stop at this store because I didn't have
anything to bring to their house and so
we just picked up like a watermelon some
strawberries and then I really good and
then Nick purchases squirt guns some
goggles and stuff because they have a
pool there they're part of like this
condo and they have like assault one day
yeah I salt water pools so nice at the
hot tub but like I'm getting on that
today and they have I'm like a gym you
have dinner 2 full games and they have
them like a place where you can play on
the table yeah able change like so all
that stuff is there that you can just
use free cuz you're part of the building
no not really big condo fees oh yeah
well you don't need me so um that's
where we're going today okay i'm at my
in-laws house and they have the coolest
coaster ever so i was just half a bagel
and i toasted it for for Levi for lunch
and I just could not believe this
toaster you have to do is this is like
so cool so like you hit like toast look
it and it automatically goes down and
like closes it up and then you have all
your little options here so like a
bagels you push bagel and it does it for
like a bagel then there's like defrost
and then you can lift and look so you
push this button and watch what happens
then it automatically comes back up and
that's so cool and then it goes back to
how so you check it goes back down and
then it cooks some more then you can
click this button a little bit more or a
bit more and then it just does it for
like a little bit more and then it's
done it's like so cool I just love how
I'm it's so automatic like the little
look at pop
so we are in the locker room
balls and are like jacket they gave her
a little mark on her eye but we're going
to go try it and i'm wearing my
mother-in-law's baby suit because i
forgot to rock mine so thankfully an
extra one ok cool not yet he's Santa
grandpa
all right let's go see in dubai over
here please me buying grandma
if I can't come in he's not potty
trained yet so he's hanging out with
Grandma here but he can see us and then
in the observation deck I was a good
upset call him a hairbrush and Anthony
is just killing it in the water now
she's like the one under water all by
herself and everything she's got these
view goggles and she's really worked
alone she's loving them because the
martyrs were up her nose when she goes
under and she can see under the water
which she really liked because she goes
under like waist-high and stuff it's
really cool Amalekites finally in the
water grandpa
yeah I'm ready show me it was nice cool
so let's be whoa you like da
you're taking good so Josh and I went
out with my dad to check out some
camping supplies and stuff like that and
as we're driving all summer her this big
giant bang and I like what the heck is
that and dad just like I don't know
which kicked real log and then this guy
pulls up beside is at this out plate is
like like try stick movies over I'm sick
I wanna rub down the window he was like
oh your hitch's bus it is like wavy all
over the places so we pulled over the
side and the hitch they got for his bike
brand new hitch just got it installed
professionally is broken off and it's
like half hanging up in banging ass or
ground as we hit bumps and stuff so he
had to go take that somewhere well we
all stayed in eight this giant meal so
sorry died so he missed out on the food
see you leave I did not have his nap so
what do you think he does when it's time
to eat supper whos nevers don't wake him
up I didn't even touch his supper look
oh oh poor baby father's even that he
falls a chic he's old is she he falls
asleep in that chair so easily so I
guess it ever he's not wanting to taking
out a storm in that chair and give him
some food or anything okay so we're just
finishing up the day we went over to my
parents house for the time
and we had a lot of fun swimming and
doing all kinds of fun things like guys
yeah there's a lot of fun you guys have
fun 45 you get my grandma grandpa
cranbow yeah me too my face I'm gonna
turn frozen back on yeah I've been a
really good day anyways thanks for
watching give us some thumbs up leave us
some comments cuz we want to talk and
eat it all myself in your leave
Levy's all securities try to post a
lease these are comments thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe
