hey so I'm just getting into the church
now for the music on the streets because
their churches all on the street that
it's on and I don't know if anyone is
here yay because nobody was parked in
the back but we'll see gonna go try to
help set up a little bit
so r at the music on the street is doing
an awesome show checking devil ray
I'm not gonna wear
No
little blue
take me a little peepers y know your
heart
well it's almost we're
when I tasted
Oh
it is weird to walk on the street or my
spell card stuff Hayes read music on the
street right now and it's stinky and
also we just finished our sets and we're
just walking oh look at these guys they
got banjos of cigar boxes let's go check
out it go check out the Karabakh what's
going on over here just grab this cigar
box guitar just cigar box one right is
that hard you I've seen a couple of
people making them on YouTube but nah I
wouldn't say it's a talent it's justin
here haha cool say look it'll mix this
down yeah this was the god of popular
net how much today does he have to be
reckless like this one is 125 okay
that's electric this one's 125 but it's
not electric I have to pick up that you
just yeah look to it they're cool and
they're really cool this is an amp yeah
that's awesome jagged is am armed and
dangerous t that's Italian don't sell
yourself short very talented check the
students plane is on hold me cigar box
in charge
you
really gay chattering is just a cigar
box and like so strange it will be back
to stuff he made an amp to out of the
cigar box they stick it amazing
subscribe to one check it out we got
some walking sticks for free for the
kids that just one food and they're just
preaching about the Lord your name apply
the verses and stuff on it it's pretty
sweet yeah very good job with a camera
yourself I you did okay igniting so
check out these awesome little birdhouse
/ flower pot / ashtray thing that they
have going on here it's pretty cool /
dick or yeah I like that one too but I
got so many different so nice oh that's
cool great everyone's different
one-of-a-kind each one is one of a kind
right oh yeah that's cool I've only had
a couple people want to one either side
of the door exactly the same oh yeah you
guys have a website or anything like
that ah no no oh yeah okay to be
announced the website to be announced we
just ran into someone who's in charge of
flippin wicked gymnastics check it out
so you can tell you a little bit about
it I am dirty mess around you're looking
like in gymnastics under my mark nothing
in the headphones weather
nice can join us on our website is www
gymnastics be a nice we're definitely be
checking that out Omni will probably
clipping wicked yeah so check it out
we're gonna put the link below so if you
want to check it out click on the link
you'll go straight to their website
telephone pole so we're just walking
around in Music City on the streets here
and I ran into someone from northern
organics it's a pretty sweet thing they
do and its local so she's gonna tell us
a little bit about it hi I'm Maddie from
northern organics and what we do is that
we deliver fresh organic produce and
more to your door on a weekly basis nice
so if somebody wants to do that do you
have a website we can go to you selling
selling selling got another nor get it
done nice sweet so check out that
website if you already think of yourself
man i'm so tired of going to the grocery
store in all this process crafts and
things have been sitting there with
pesticides and grows toxins all over it
you can go to this website and i'm going
to post a link right below now you can
check out how much you can get all this
great fresh produce truck go all from
local farmers except here right lovely
total imports as well but our first
priority is to
nice nice sweet thanks you're welcome
okay so we just finished music festival
on the street and it was home lock in
the street festival okay music in the
street festival anyways so I had so much
fun doing it but it sounds it sucks
because we have to leave early and cuz
Vicki's families having family photos
and I got to be there just part of him
listen wait look there like two months
ago and we didn't know it was the same
days music in the streets you should
always know the date of music ministries
well I didn't know anyways so we can't
stay for the whole thing I'd to leave
like right in the middle of a set
everything sucked but oh well what are
you gonna do there was so many amazing
bands plenty to I was starting to walk
down this you know someone like yeah
anyway so thanks for watching this video
