look how much he Carlos
so my helicon I are busy this morning
baking some brownies and some cookies
for Albanese teachers um I got my hair
done last night and didn't realize that
would be the only night to make with
Avenue so we're just doing it for her
she doesn't care she said that's fine as
long as she has something to give her
teachers and she made like to really
nice like homemade cards for them or she
you know in them like their teachers
name and have a great summer and I'm
glad you were my teacher so that's nice
that something that she did for them um
so yeah Malachi's helping me bake and
we're getting it all done because ebony
gets out of school early today um so
we're going to top and then afterwards
one of her classes having a lot of the
class classmates / forum a pizza party
after so that's really fun and we have
real today tues we're going to do our
candidate crafts so we got a busy day
ahead of us and I'm not even dressed yet
i'm still in my pjs but Malachi's
helping me bake right I'm smashing all
the butter in there he doing a good job
ya know yeah I mix up better and more I
was trying to find out like what and
Malachi was doing better mixing and he
might be left-handed now he's switching
his hand so it's hard to tell which one
but I want to know before I go school no
sing your heart out no senior writer
like you were before let it go
well don't touch that Miss daddy's touch
that last day of school and it's early
pickup time so we're off to go get
Avenue and then go to the pizza party so
it should be a lot so fun um so we're
just heading out now about me boy a
girl's it faded Serena go I'll pick her
up from school you ready right yeah
ready ready ready ready ready you ready
you ready ready this is the last time
that I have to do this walk up the hill
for like another two months so I'm
really happy for summer vacation because
this Hill is getting to you in the heat
so last time we have to walk to get
Avenue from school for a long time right
buddy he's tired his legs hurt day lost
time oh we just finished avenues pizza
party at her classmates house and it was
crazy there's so many kids the parents
just like dropped off their kids and it
was like 25 kids running around the
backyard and now we're off to the house
for playtime because miss Brielle here
needs to have her nap cuz after one
o'clock already can you to have a nap
yeah and Levi's been fighting his sleep
this whole time he's had his nap
subscribe to my vlog today just flew by
oh my goodness and went so fast so
brails already gone home cuz like the
day just want away from us and we maybe
get to do our craft today for Canada Day
so I sent it home with her and her dad
said they'll do it at home and it's such
a beautiful gorgeous day out too so
we're just outside all day and then yeah
now the kids wanted to do just one
second sweetie the kids wanted to do the
beaver crafts so I just cut it all out
for them and now they're doing it and
yeah we'll show you it looks like when
it's done you're gonna do feat hi baby
hey give it gets me oh did we wake you
up did we wake you up yeah teach me that
your blanket that's not food here's
dilly dilly dilly dilly kneeling you are
you glad back this time oh I so cute ok
the kids finish their beaver look at
that
show your beaver mr. beaver is he eating
was he eating what's he eating i'm gonna
eat my arm do you know what bieber z
avenue oh yeah bark that's right they
like to chop down trees need it and eat
it just like out he's eating her hair
it's not pretty hair in your mouth Ruby
very good thank you goodbye oh and
there's this to you aren't sure Donny
those beavers are really good guys sure
daddy daddy luckily by me oh cool that's
awesome dude so they come is going to
attempt to cut avenues hair tonight
Malachi's gonna get his haircut which we
know daddy's done lost so we're fine
with that but nobody wants to get worse
cuz so we'll see i said on you got you a
straight if you're straight never kind
of girls here before yeah I'm all
nervous to be honest letting now it be
fixed so he's gonna give it a go I'm
gonna give it a go and have any is
actually really excited because you want
it yeah I want it for family curse you
want a cup revealing pictures yeah what
should I come along here was an did she
go and get it fixed behind your back it
was straight yeah alright i know i'm off
using oh that's one very trusting mom so
how many gonna haircut from daddy which
is not too bad not too bad at all we'll
see how it dries right look how much he
calls oh look at the end that's a lot of
hair look at that me is I kept cutting
and cutting and cutting and like I mean
would be like she's sitting like this
and then I be done but okay perfect and
then she does how's it look she was your
head I mean it's like hell no no good
trying basic I think it is random i know
i gotta stop she's gonna have y'all
fencer yeah yeah yeah good job daddy
couldn't leave i was doing with his
water cup it's hilarious is that your
little cup holder holder use a little
jump though careful careful use a little
jambe is your f your cup holder
fun
you're hilarious
