sup guys so today I'm out doing some
errands got some signs because we're
going to try and put our house up for
sale again it worked so well last night
but this time our neighbors selling this
house and the guy to down the street to
houston street selling as those so
they're both having open houses this
weekend so Vicki and I are going to try
and capitalize on the traffic that
they're going to be getting for their
open houses with some nice signs and
stuff and hopefully people give us a
call and see if they want to buy it I'm
really scared to sell it because the
price that will get won't fetch that big
of a house for what we need in our area
so we'll have to be moving kind of far
away and then that means I'll have to
get a new job which as you probably know
isn't the easiest thing to do in today's
labor market so my car's BBM it because
I my seatbelt on I know terrible so
that's the plan we're gonna try and sell
it and then maybe we try and find a new
place somewhere far away and also new
jobs and it's crazy it's scary right
it's too / scary so that's what Vicki
wants that's what Vicki gets happy wife
happy life right I just got id'd at the
liquor store felt kind of good I was
like thank you for ideally they're like
you're welcome you're so quiet we
thought maybe you were up for something
I was like nope just quiet guy yes but
now i'm on my way to Home Hardware
because I need these steaks to put in
the ground for the sign but nobody in
this stupid town sells that kind of
stuff if they don't have it here I may
have to go to the next town is too far
away I don't feel like it this stupid
town doesn't have that stuff but one of
the trees that they put on our property
has two steaks holding it up so I might
just do this except I don't know
sure so hardware had the sign holder
things that he did I'm so thankful
because I really want to drive like four
hours to go get a stupid sign older so
I'm really pumped about that now I can
go home and build my spines okay so I
got all these a delicious ingredients
how to make a pasta salad but I would
like it for supper so now I don't get to
eat it for lunch and I was just about to
start all i'm so hungry i don't know
what to have big extravagant lunches and
there's leftovers yeah cuz nobody eats
or lunches except for me like nobody
will usually eat the food so why should
i wait this what yeah and I'd like to
try two things cold later so I want to
go back to work i can figure out what
things like have ever ready to work you
want to play that game yeah yeah well
after you finish eating your lunch all
of it then you can play yeah still miss
Dan yeah yeah okay so i ordered to be a
jolly jumper online on amazon and it
came and so I'm gonna put it together
and before I put Libyan it though I have
to wait till the kids get home because
they want to be a part of it too so here
it is that's what we caught we have this
book for um but we lent it out and
haven't got it back so we're just gonna
respond anyone because we know that
Lizzy's gonna love it so yes open up to
put it together do you guys remember
jolly about jumpers being so complicated
no they're like this simple thing now it
was like this super complex machine I'll
ok I had to even use a screwdriver yeah
so Vicki's been putting it together for
three a half hours Oh should be fun when
it's ready ok there you go guys I did it
we cooked it on there's just a friendly
hello pillow in there all the straps are
in are you excited to try your jolly
temper are you go eat brahminy way I put
the toys on to remember Dan feel sick so
avenues home now also we're gonna all
watch as we put the V in the air not the
exersaucer we're gonna see what it's
like okay nice japanese key can I me at
a party say it then she said I know I'm
stuck mm-hmm that's right sure what's
this supposed to be it's supposed to be
her tippy-toes then no it's definitely
not to ride height need to go out more
pause for a just so she's supposed to be
on her tippy toes and she's on her flat
foot but we can't adjust it anymore it
doesn't have any more room for
adjustment so we're thinking why you can
bake for this already so silly hey let
me just started squealing and laughing
so hard
why nope oh she stopped yeah yeah maybe
I gotta get your dime tour where's all
your kegels whiskey go get your dance
for a show your dinosaur your dinosaur
get the dank you let me oh my favourite
mega anyway nuit du du du du du dudududu
rare rare you're not Levi
you
