yeah ebony is eating Olaf oh no
Malachi was in my purse and he found
like these little like baby food treats
and he thought he'd try to be sneaky and
look working when to eat them he grows
under here sits on the stool takes them
out opens up and starts eating them in
the corner underneath here thinking I
won't see him I see you hey are you
being sneaky yes you were what do you
have to do next time ask that's right
you ask mommy next time okay okay we
already had a little talk about that
comedy is eating hola oh no he has no
face his eyes and nose are good what's
it taste like hominy and now like
marshmallow kinda okay no I'm like
marshmallow is enhancing marcella blood
party cakes maximum mm-hmm you like
marshmallow mmm Olaf tastes good and
there's still two more like balls to
Olaf and his arms and stuff to be eaten
and Elsa needs to be eaten to a BF and
me both of them yeah hi cheese Elsa you
want to try Elsa okay you have to stop
eating that then okay that'll be too
much too much sugar here's how sad
fun night make sure it's no toothpick in
her she's falling apart oh here bunch of
Abby and I how's your tooth there's her
head yeah else it tastes good too i like
gosh what American little off yeah can
you brother try a little bit hey Malik I
you want to eat hola hey I'm gonna eat
all up good babies happy how they're
being hated ah and I completed that's
what's left of them hmm but you know
what that's pretty cool that they're
edible and that they taste good cuz you
know like a lot of cake decorations like
you can't eat it or it doesn't taste
good is this grill very good at making
shakes and crystal was really good at
making the number six so um yeah I dream
if cakes check them out because like all
of this I've been edible and like none
of the cakes getting wasted so that's
great um beautiful okay I'm saving for
another day okay until next time Elsa
where are we guys in a tiger's eye
winter Hank what are we gonna get it
Canadian Tire oh no what are we here for
what are we getting daddy a present for
Father's Day right I'm gonna have a
Father's Day present we had such a crazy
weekend with leading worship and then
with a binis birthday party so we didn't
get a chance to do anything for father's
day for Nick so we're here
oh and we're gonna so I'm the window
it's okay anyway so we're gonna go
inside now cuz he went out of the car
okay so everybody went out to go to the
store is up for me and Levi so we're
playing this game where you have to have
a ping pong ball you got to bounce it
into something but like you change the
place where it is all the time so they
make it more hard about it but leave I'd
really like to get I found it look I got
it ready boo boo missed it I don't know
if you remember the words like
commercials for this like a long time
ago and people would be like setting
them up and crazies BOTS and like
bouncing off skateboards and stuff Oh
got it yay Levi likes getting the other
is there one in there is in yer yay and
then she sometimes he shoves it
underneath that thing that's not a
that's not a hat you silly goose Levi
wants to give you guys kiss kisses
kisses oh he doesn't kiss you the same
way he kissed his ass watch this Levi
carry kiss mmm-hmm look at his tongue
you chose your french kiss me kind of
kiss hmm saying a lizard man he gets
right up your mother good grip and stick
the tongue email yeah kiss kiss yeah
idea which is what you want drink cow
get you a drink
subscribe to we took so much longer than
we wanted to be it's almost seven
o'clock at night the kids still need to
go home and have bath or a shower and
it's like yeah it's such a heavy all
right yeah I guess they're having a
shower okay yeah and close very good
actually work yeah no no he just say
something yes mate okay so we went to no
just listen where do we go first okay no
antecedent i refresh and that was fine
we were really fast we thought we needed
really quick and then that was it and
then we decided to walk to eminem's to
get chicken strips that were on sale
yeah they're not gonna be able to hear
me talk if you keep saying shower shower
shower okay okay yeah and then we walk
to rexall because we knew that they had
the like camera machines to put your
memory card in and print pictures for
their cards that they made and I would
not work she would not work at all so
that was really frustrating it and then
we had to go on the cart and drive all
the way to walk and then magical I'll to
you right now these are like almost
seven yeah I gotta get these crazy kids
home yeah yeah yeah yeah my kids have a
new thing where they like to go in and
out of the car using the trunk it's
weird I know anyway it's gonna go meet
them at the trunk nigga
no it was just in the car yeah leave it
in the car okay that's where it was we
have them inside already no leave it
inside please thank you for listening
stick all right better climate out like
to get in this way too because there are
silly Billie's I think it takes a lot
longer yeah I don't know if you can see
it on camera by like to play me like an
X in the sky or it can look like kind of
like a cross to or like a letter yup a
lowercase T kind of cool okay we're
gonna go give daddy his father's day
stuff Wow cause I love you too that's
cool man maokai do you see what this can
do he helped know that you're really
cool do you see that no way I was like
hey Dad open it up nothing okay so
you're they both wanted Levi in their
rocket ship I love you to the moon and
back Eli thank you a good one he's gonna
be sorely disappointed to these are just
I'm making you so many to work out at
lose weight and look what I steeper
again because every day I hear this
would taste so much better and deep
fryer wow I would really love to have
this in a deep fryer all the time and
it's mothers days you know I of course I
want to get something love you daddy we
love you even if you gained 30 pounds we
step out ya know dad's what I'm gonna be
looking at you he doesn't watch a blog I
don't think so we'll be okay yeah we'll
find you guys Richard McIntyre saw me
buying it and he was like I got rid of
my deep fryer and lost 30 pounds he's
like so your husband's prolly gonna go
gain 30 pounds yeah from jets getting
rid of the deep fryer
wait good about to conquer you join you
for anyways that's gonna be awesome I
thought it was a bread maker better but
I make her probably wouldn't help here I
can always exchange it okay so Nikki got
mean is an awesome deep fryer and then
the second later she goes oh do you
really like yeah I'm like yeah like is
exactly what i was implying she goes
blogs kind of hoping you were just gonna
return it what the heck you mean what
she's like I don't want you to give
thigh after I told him all those things
about how they got rid of it and they
lost 30 pounds and how I could gain
weight with this oh yeah I'm good for ya
I thought you'd like oh yeah thanks so
much behave I don't think I should have
it okay not the best maybe if I bought
it for myself and then she told me that
I'd say no but she bought is a gift for
me she tells me he returned it no but I
don't know agent Tom returner I couldn't
think of anything else that you would
want or like and always kept saying to
me is I want a deep fryer want deep fry
i'm using I'm like I wish I'd a break me
and then nixon a bread maker and I was
like oh yeah I totally forgot so I'm
willing to take back the deep fryer and
get him a bread maker ok so now he's
like if you want to have the deep fryer
you have to work out and you can only
eat out of it two days a week and once
the weekday one's a weekend or my voice
no that's fair that's fair twice a week
is fair I just let the working out is
kind of like trick here's a box of
donuts but if you want them you have to
work out for five days three yes
first-rate what the donut are you sure
you want a bread maker why did you bring
me down dis is positive that's true
bread really fat need to yeah you're
right and you did make the point of
eating out is the same as the deep fryer
yeah right we don't we're gonna turn
ideas
or was she young one you ND fire detroit
