crystal is here with our King we're so
excited to see it
ok so I'll he's up now is your birthday
yeah you're 16 beautiful hey what's up
whose head was this a.m occurred yo man
happy birthday we love you 6 you know
what this is don't know leaves for
having me though looks like a present
for at me yeah yes again I found abdur
yeah what color is it purple purple was
it a great great where you wanna play I
guess I pink but neither Hey Ya Ya worry
that's supposing that mommy got that
special for you nah found that this yeah
you like it has someone mommy made oh
and let's have a contest yes and I'm
gonna win yeah my sensors remember who
had the hole in the belly yeah young
she's not gonna have purse or she's
gonna do different gamers you can have a
nose and you have to pin it on him how
is it that they get to have your eyes
cover fine anyway I said where is it and
check it right there just like ping like
the dolphin like two weeks yeah yeah
cool a happy birthday harmony love you
I'm gonna get more rain today though
from mother pitbull yeah oh I Russia
let's go back to that door yeah
he's got some more good times are going
through all their stuff for the party
like a party supplies and they're
getting excited because I get a winner
you're gonna win all the games get the
key me and all these sweet game prizes
been going around sniffing her gum like
crazy and gamer one to smell her gum
what was that Vicki hey everyone just
smell her gum sorry I can't see your
face yeah cuz I'm tired the he doesn't
want to go camera are you high right now
big boy now man-hours Moses meltus
little smells kid yes do you guys think
that smells kid here have a smell Hey
hmm yeah it smells really good actually
my mom take a Houston later with crystal
is here with our King I'm so excited to
see it this is crystal egg look on the
back and then there's that's just be
like sins as again yeah awesome Owens
our name oh yeah and that's so cute
little Elsa yeah they kicked it on the
wind it's like you didn't do Anna you
didn't do oh y'all was like oh my
goodness awesome is so good in the ice
crystal so detail ok so tell a little
bit about yourself crystal and what you
do with the cakes oh I just I'm a mommy
mommy that likes to make cake so I think
he and if people want your case where
can they find out on and check out
facebook yeah I have a page is called i
dream of cakes and yeah okay so here's
all the stuff that we set up for
havanese birthday party we got snow
flakes all around the yard and we put an
Olaf over here and Vicki cut out a whole
bunch of noses and then you have to pin
the nose on this Olaf so here's what I
Vicki's Olaf
like remember that because you're going
to have to compare to how awesome mine
is so I mean another OAuth and it's over
here and you have to throw a snowball
into his tummy so here's the snowballs
and it's funny because oh let me get a
ball here when you throw the snowball in
he poops it back out he poops it at the
bottom so the kids are laughing so hard
about that like he keeps pooping it out
the bottom so we have all of our snow
balls underneath year in the shade
keeping cool and we made the trampoline
to look like Olaf scatter I'm trampling
supposed to look like the castle from
the movie so it's got all the snow
around the edges and on the top and
stuff like that so the kids can go jump
in the castle and yeah that's about it
that's all the fun stuff that we have
planned for ab knees frozen birthday
party and then you saw the cake earlier
the crystal made amazing so yeah let us
know what you think in the comments do
you have any other things that you did
differently for your frozen parties ok
so we're gonna play some pin the nose on
hola
the back back back back yeah what all
right so tell what you have to do this
one named after you you have to give a
snowball here's nick's amateur Olaf's
not it's not as good as high but you
know the judge minutes no ball and hit
the throwing into one of these three
holes like Elsa castle this is like I'm
a shambling that's happening
okay so Nick to bring out the cake oh
yeah see how awesome it is but this is
really awesome bye crystal and I dream
machine binder on facebook got check it
out hey Nicholas r you comin Avenue
you're ready to blow the candles okay
everyone ready 123
d
all right tell me what are you what are
you
everybody got a sucker very tired okay
so the party is over and all the kids
are gone home but we had a heck of a lot
of fun today anyways give us some
comments below if you have any questions
about any stuff we did our party or you
just want to say hi what's up Nick I
really want to be your friend I want to
be your friend to you so leave some
comments thanks for watching
