so we're gonna go vote now and yay
voting everybody should vote
so mark I still gonna say not me see
today except he wanted his chair he won
his chair so we're gonna go vote now and
he a voting everybody should vote if
you're living in a cheerio right now and
you haven't voted yet today yeah you can
read make sure you go and vote while
this video is gonna be out beyond yeah
it'll be the left you better about it it
is it's really important because there's
some parties out there that we totally
disagree with and we don't want them to
be in power again and you're the person
who's going to make the difference so
you got to get out there and vote one is
your turn to vote yeah but yeah so we
need that and we have to go replace all
of our fire alarm yeah it was sold to us
without one then that's not good yeah
I'm gonna write a letter to the guy who
inspector a house because he missed a
few key things I say and I want my money
back because I do my money back kissing
is some key things so yeah that's the
kind of fun stuff that we're doing oh
wait and I have a list so we're gonna go
take up a lot a couple stores like to
the dollar is trick me into shopping
with her haha no this is my my party
list frownies party on saturday so this
is like my grocery list is that buddy
we're not gonna shake I want everything
nice and fresh good idea so I'm not
doing it today but I am going to get
like stuff to do decorations with and
make sure like you're not really boring
stuff so I've got my whole list here so
really excited I found some really neat
ideas online yeah it's gonna be fun will
show you everything Cheyenne Jimmy cool
so we just got our smoke alarms and
carbon monoxide detectors and bonus
everything was on sale so we got all the
smoke alarms for regular 25 for on sale
for 20 and the carbon monoxide detectors
were regular 35 on sale for
27 here's 27 yeah yeah so sweet that was
a nice little blessing lucky for us and
I checked online last night and none of
the sale prices were online so it's a
bonus that it was on sale yeah so yeah
so we're just got mcdonalds and mac i
would you get for my goals I'll frisbee
subside yo try again frisbee and we got
some sweet stuff from the summer we got
I'll show you later show you when we go
home and you can see all the stuff right
half asking me no no show how you your
french fries what do you do with it no
not rapid speed okay so um you probably
noticed that I'm starting to grow a
beard yes s right Vicki's finally
approved it so I got the go-ahead I got
the green light and I was just telling
Vicki oh I'm gonna shave my neck for you
tonight because I keep the eye tracking
the neck a little trimmed and she was
like well you can't cuz we're having hot
water I was telling her why I shave with
cold water and she was like that's so
funny activity so here's why I shave
with cold water so basically I was
watching this movie it's called good
morning Vietnam oh that sounds really
familiar does it even know it's got the
guy with the with all the arm hair and
like he's in patch Adams where I'm
Williams he's the main character anyways
so in that show Robin Williams is
talking to the people he's just saying
his regular announcements like a radio
show and it goes in don't forget to
shave with cold water because it
decreases bacteria and give you a
cleaner smoother shape and as I was
watching like whoa really gotta shoot
with cold water so because of that i
started shaving with cold water and it
really makes a big difference warm water
sucks to shape with i always keep
hearing yeah less irritation so that's
why i shaved cool cuz of that movie i
shaved with cold water
it was very funny okay so i just
replaced all the fire alarms and the
carbon monoxide detectors so we're good
to go safety first everyone so should be
pretty good and I look a lot nicer too
and they're all connected so like if one
of them goes off every one of the house
goes off which is good good to have
anyways check another job done subscribe
to our wall okay so I taking a little
break from all the chores and Malachi
and I wrote our bikes to come fishing
right now okay oh I think she's got
one maybe he does sir let me take a
helmet off
she got one you sure
yeah it's really nice is a supposed to
rain of thunderstorms daily check it out
can't be this you gotta keep reeling
maokai just caught a bass it's a bass oh
hey don't you wanna throw in the water
did you know why she hurt you you threw
up good dad gonna get ya he's gonna get
ya okay race a boy good catch 25 yeah
maokai yeah we were far too this big
long document way out on the water me
fish okay go on when I write back as it
started to rain though so ya know ya SE
starting to so we rushed back we rushed
back to get away from the rain made
mapei the wick it ran up to dear yeah
sir no here did you have fun on the back
of Daddy's bike yeah you liked it so
just as we were finishing up North has
like wickless real this money to go so
really an as he's really in a fast
catches one that's awesome good so we
got to summer toys for the summer to
have for a new thing to have fun with
the kids we got a slip and slide and
bocce ball my face a little big cypher
watching you want to play bocce ball
okay let's play some bocce ball so the
direct energy guys are here now and
are just installing a new water heater
in our house so hopefully it's awesome
when I gets installed better than the
last one it failed almost killed our
entire family we are all outside because
people are you are fixing our water
heater and stuff and so the fire alarms
are going off like crazy and actually
smells like ass inside too so we came
outside for some fresh air and they're
just eating their bagels because we have
no water stuff on so you can't even make
supper so we use the toaster so they're
just sitting there eating their bagels
while they finish now they want their
second one Levi sitting here you bagel
roses banana and bagel bagel bagel and
it was chillin in the hammock but he
went to go turn the water back on to see
you think it's almost ready that'd be
great okay so we're gonna go over to the
lake to grab some sticks for our Olaf
projects are doing for his birthday mine
is looking really good it's gonna be way
better yeah we got to find some good
sticks so yeah we're gonna go find some
sticks for those ok we won't let's go ok
so i got over Olaf sticks I'm gonna try
and put them on see how it looks check
out the Olaf snowman that Nick made her
omni's birthday party it's amazing I'm
not just saying that cuz he's my husband
and talented he really did a great job
hey looks just like him so I got a white
piece of cardboard cutout I drew the
shape in the back of it cut it out then
i just colored in like guys and stuff
and cut this piece of construction paper
you just looked at a picture and that
was it yeah and I cut I got some stick
for us yeah now these holes yeah like
this because it's a game game
somebody so I got these little snowball
leave stone you little styrofoam moving
dollar short for a dollar for eight of
them and now you have to throw it out a
whole off and try and get any more
littles oh so I'm gonna hang this
outside ah can try and throw stuff in
there yeah it'll be really fun Oh Mike
it'll be really entertaining for the
kids really looking forward to this
party we've got lots of fun things
planned and we'll definitely Bob how
much fun the kids are having she's gonna
try one more time yeah this is what mine
looks like and Vicki to make another aww
i'm doing a pin the nose on Olaf game so
I need to make a whole bunch of note
noses and do one big Olaf to put the
nose on so yeah Nick what's up with
competition I was like oh I'll just take
yours and traces you did such a good job
he's like ah you are not allowed to
trade my snowman my love is Michael up
and I won't take all the credit for it
and I was like okay fine so I gotta do
my own and was a lot of this article
cycle echo least and I know I know now
you did a great job it looks really good
thanks okay so now that Levi's walking
we're gonna send them off to work it's
got this construction hat on you're
gonna go to work hey are you doing okay
you're good luck tonight go here
