so it's a terrible rainy day so we're
trying for your to do so we're gonna
make some cookies
this is what they do on the way to
church they're throwing helicopter is in
here here you go Daddy okay ready watch
them come
okay now daddy are you done playing can
we get to church now fondren was it
clean today so we all get to go together
i wish i was always do nothing cuz i
don't want to go with um but um can you
help me out here is what mr. learn the
other hand he's like pushing it like
it's just a little awkward that's okay
hey guys what's the help you guys just
relaxing what do you do get me so yeah
we just got back from church in his
supposed to rain today it's all gloomy
grows and we just want to stay outside
have fun the Sun right guys but I
supposed to rain just waiting for it
that's a good attitude so maybe we'll
watch movies later or something see I
church say it was really good but I
really rather play on the worship team
didn't stay in the crowd because the
whole time just like oh wish I could be
playing on this version right now but I
guess that's the way I like to worship
is like buying playing my instrument
stuff like that so yeah but I am on next
week and the week after Booya subscribe
do you want one so it's a terrible rainy
day so we're trying for your to do so
we're gonna make some cookies but first
we gotta clean stupid giant get to mess
before we can make a piece but it seems
like everyone doing it hahaha are you
doing ninja oh yeah we think about that
oh yeah oh there's bacon man naked bacon
bacon got ya khaki / gang hey Bobby
trying to families trying to make it up
on some brown sugar that's not hard as a
rock with all those giant balls haha
this is the biggest boy that's funny I
don't know one yeah the budget big or
too hard to pull off you guys have to
that one yeah okay here's a cookie dough
mixed and ready to go now we're gonna
make some good shape right guys all
right guys they're too busy eating the
cookies they can't talk yeah let's have
a bite laughing oh yeah okay we finished
our cookies here's a look like angel
christmas tree snowflake a train star
and whores and then there's my two
little circles because i just like to
play a simple man okay so we were just
getting all of our supper angle side and
look how good it
yummy yummy yummy oh my Guinness excited
oh that a bird pooped rapey side of
every little closer than it was like a
right next to all of you in a just miss
if that would have been so disgusting I
wasn't so mad you gonna spend all this
time with baking all the stuff i mean
like barbecuing all that stuff so if i
had to land like on the burgers i've
been very upset hey Vicky
