I'm all packed up so there's all my
tools in there all my books and
everything I need a hand sanitizer those
are my goodies in giving away
I have all three kids in the car with me
today does Anthony out of PA day from
school to see nothing us go by yeah yeah
and then I always have these two little
guys are you doing me bay you're taking
your seal of yes so they're coming with
me today I just have a couple of things
to do my mom was nice enough to give
Nick her car to use today so that I have
the van and its really good too because
I have pampered chef show today and I
have a lot to pack up and I have things
for my sister because I'm going down her
way so I have things for her as well
that I want to put the van so it's good
because it saves me all that time like
loading up the van and everything so I'm
really happy about that so I have it to
leave ahead of time and where we headed
where we going right now where's mom you
have to do do you remember you don't
know where we're going nobody knows okay
well we are going to the bank which is
so exciting um I know to the mall in the
library note we're not we're going to
the bank and we're going to the dollar
store right hey sign of ice and
chocolate bars to go top of my cake that
I'm making tonight for my show so it'll
be really really good and I'm doing
Jamaican Jerk nachos which are delicious
and so my some stuff for us and we'll
see what's at the dollar store we'll see
what um yeah that's what we're doing
right now that's where we're headed and
its really nice day it's just got a
little bit of a breeze so we all have
sweaters on but by the end of a probably
won't your sweaters which is nice and uh
that's it for now so thank data hi guys
mm bye bye so the kids and I just went
to the dollar store and went well mer
and the banks all the same classes we
just walked around everywhere um it was
really fun we had a good time and the
kids got a special treat I'm just
showing you heard right now it's her
lipstick push pops where she keeps
putting it on our lips like lips
yes and then it looks like she's my
lipstick yeah and Malkis got a blue when
he's without his lipstick tears silly
guy anyways and then we went to the tube
truck and we got most delicious french
fries ever and I gave in and had a coke
today I just can't have fries and gravy
without a coke from a chip truck it just
doesn't work and it's been like I don't
know maybe 10 days since I had a coke so
I'm really really proud of myself and
I'm not gonna say like that I'm gonna go
back so I'm just harming a coke now and
I won't have it again for a long time
again so I just won't have them every
day like I used to so forgive me and yes
we're just going to enjoy our little
outside lunch and then we're gonna go
inside for quiet time and then I gotta
pack up the van everything but I've to
wait for it to get back my mom took it
to the doctors but that's okay so yeah
and then I gotta do that and get
everything ready to go that's it all
right oh wait I'm paper chef show
tonight and you guys are having family
movie night dad subscribe
do wah wah i'm off to go to my paper
chef show now i have to leave it's a
long dry so I got a little bit earlier
so my mom says watching the kids until
nick gets home which worked out nice and
then giving myself like two hours to get
there but it's supposed to take like an
hour and forty but the directions are
really gives using and I'm not good with
directions so we'll see how it goes yeps
I'm all packed up here I'm all packed up
so there's all my tools in there all my
books and everything I need a hand
sanitizer those are my goodies in giving
away then I got a suitcase full of tools
and stoneware and everything and I got
another bag here with my like rock rock
in it and then I've got this stuff for
my sister because I'll be going down her
way and then I got although the turns
over there to do too so the Dan is full
but I remembered everything I got it all
and I'm really excited and looking
forward to it should be really fun night
so I will let you know how it goes when
it's done and wish me luck on my drive
hey guys what's up so today Vicki's gone
away for an overnighter somewhere and we
are you family moving and was it the big
green I think big boo boo boo boo loo
with soccer movie we're gonna watch that
your mouth guy in the background soccer
you guys to chowing down some rest of
your supper I've me clean the table for
me thank you having your baby helpers
and then we're gonna make some cookies
and some popcorn for our family movie
well so I'm full failing move a guess
it's only half family movie night to
this time mommy's not here right so will
your dreams are what do you want me to
do oh my goodness oh my goodness did you
never do it as she's a big girl now
chica put on jammies a big girl you can
do it yourself you know you put on
jammies see ya you're almost Ernie 6 I
know on having days in your Charlie big
stick maybe number 6 i'm gonna be six
and seven days
but yeah anyway so um yeah that's what
we're doing tonight boop boop okay so
all the kids are in bed and movie nights
over stuff and now I gotta clean up a
little bit but I miss Vicki it's so
boring right here without her like even
if we're like doing our own thing you're
not really talking to each other it's
still at least like somebody's hair and
yeah I feel so lonely but you know that
she goes back to draw I decided to let
me buy himself yogurt
doin
