albany just had her training wheels
taken off of her bike check it out look
at their to presume on the ground
hey guys what's up so today i have the
day off work so i'm just trying to do
some yard work before the weekend
because that's the kind thing to do so
people can relax on their weekend know
what they hear me cuttin grass but
because Vicki's parents moved in there's
just like so much stuff in the backyard
like they got a bunch stuff over there I
got a bunch of stuff over there so I
gotta try it and like move it is like
how the grass and stuff it's kind of
frustrating not that they have the stuff
here but it's just frustrating have to
move everything around return just cut
the dumb grass and yeah you gotta cut it
too because I was trying to get a lot of
bugs and because the grass game too long
so I hate high have to cut the grass
every week I wish I was like an easier
way to do it like some sort of like
robot thing like that robot vacuum
cleaner that you could put on the grass
and it would just go and you say like a
perimeter and it will just cut all the
crafts for you that's a great idea
somebody should invent that sell for
like twenty bucks I'd buy it I by 2 it
comes up to me this morning he goes get
ready for a shock and I'm like what what
do you mean I thought he was just
cutting his hair because I heard thick
the buzzer and stuff it wasn't Nick it
was Levi daddy's for you look at no more
big curl in the back it's all good no
he's looking shiny again he looks so
much older too yeah he didn't even cry I
had no idea he was getting his hair cut
cuz I thought for sure he'd be like
whining and screaming or whatever but he
was so like wait he was so pure so what
I was hearing buzzer on I put it on my
face and making him laugh and putting on
my angle didn't put it on his head with
mohit Eastern laughing so many thought
oh this is fun so my first turned on
music yeah yeah yeah he's like I didn't
me Jamie I did it so my just trim the
sofas here a little bit more but yeah
yeah get out wait oh dude he's dog
somebody help a little here you go dad
now I'm gonna do Malachi and I'm gonna
do me and there were definite no I'm
gonna have my three handsome guys go
ladies Oh looking good dude do you like
it yeah so Malachi's done now it's my
turn and then we're done the boys are
done cutting their hair oh yeah okay so
i put my high in the shower and he hit
this Shepherd with his underwear on i
joined the water on a climb new in his
underwear on he was like my underwears
all way i like yeah cuz you win the
shower with a dude hey guys what's up so
Malachi and I are going to the music
store and we're going to go to the
grocery store gets my stuff because
we're having a picnic without me today
so we're gonna go to music door see they
can fix my multi effects pedal and we
gotta get some turkey meat for our
sandwiches for lunch right
right bud yeah so that should be fun so
yeah we'll see you later so they say
they can't fix my effects pedal at their
store but they can send it out somewhere
to get it fixed so I don't know what I'm
gonna do I might just like see if
there's like another cheap one because i
think i might cost like at least is
going to cost like 20 bucks or something
to get this thing fixed so i'm going to
see maybe if i can find a cheaper one
for sale on kijiji or something like
that so we are off to the avenue at a
beach park area for lunch she's there
with her school and her classmates for a
field trip so we actually let her go on
the bus for the first time by herself or
did you go to
nevermind she went by herself but that
was her first time on a bus yeah yes so
now it's second town on the bus that is
just buyers is your first time first
time alone on a field trip so um no I
guess she's got one for media there I
know but we would meet her for lunch
she's been there for like two hours
though by ourselves so we'll see how she
is Alena there but I think she's having
a great time
then on the way we decided to take the
lake side way like the view and to see
like all these beautiful houses and
cottages and everything and then all
filming here coughing and
up in the back okay again so i think i
learned my lesson that it's a very ye
road yes yes I need to put an extra
change of clothes in the car for all the
kids and leave them in the car and I
forgot to do that the last time this
happened and the other thing is is we
cannot take back roads with malachi the
back seat just does not work yeah the
back rows we got
right now sure okay so we just gonna see
and lunch with a beanie at her school
play park thing great happening now what
are we gonna do yeah there's a bunch of
kids over there the beach is over there
the beach is over there so yeah we're
gonna go aw yeah look good like so at
the beach today Avenue still doing her
school activities with her classmates
and we decided to come down here to the
beach and ya malaki keeps running away
from the way
gonna get you
blue guy all right go in there if you
wanted us to me
no I'm cool windy I'm like cold Albany
just had her training wheels taken off
of her bike check it all look at their
three rooms on the ground here she is
balancing right now and now we're gonna
go try it out see how she does she's got
the GoPro cooked up on her handlebars
air so you bet a better view that way
but here we go the monumental moment
here for me oh and I guys guys eight
more days you need a helmet bud can I go
and Rennie shoes not rain boots no
thanks are peddling what it's all you
want to try promise I won't let go
unless you'd like dad let go then I'll
let go okay ready did you wanna turn you
gotta go like that not that you guys
another way I'm not met your name you're
not balanced that's why no I'm not
letting go of the back yeah hey everyone
yeah you're short time down there right
down there okay Medellin yourself over
lean we take use the handlebars hold on
tight and use the handlebars to balance
okay I'm gonna turn sure ah those tricky
I was sure I get it I could've dude I
got a tray like this okay okay ready go
faster thank you no don't see
hmm I got you why do you keep it down
there let you go oh yeah but that's cuz
you're not doing this your turn the
steering wheel I know it's scary good
for you daddy okay so happy has a frog
and she put it inside a bucket oh is
that its home now he's up he's walking
he's not gonna fit
huh oh oh oh it almost knocked it down
oh you boys'd you away whoa hey he took
it off Danny mow the lawn it's so nice
bail so nice look at the nice mowed lawn
look at that oh so nice oh my god I just
clean out the water table and the tables
and stuff especially for avenues
havanese party is not next weekend but
the weekend after so we have to get
everything ready for that so that we can
have people over si do it twice baked so
mama yeah oh yeah that was really big
right
in this one if one is really really
green the other ones I called art gets
home and Nathaniel Papa boat was his
hand like it may be enough and what god
I'm really conservative rope
