hey guys what's going on so Vic you into
the doctor so I'm here watching the kids
so we made slushies
okay so Malik I was getting a little bit
upset and cranky at me and I just said
just go to your room and calm down for a
few minutes and what do you think he
does check it out
and that is the reason why he was
grouchy and creepy I am attempting to
make some chicken stir-fry for dinner
tonight I have to rush out to the
doctor's office some like pretty soon
after nick gets home so i don't know why
i decided to do a big meal like this on
a day where I'm in a rush but we'll see
how it goes i seem to have everything
going have a good time so see how it is
and leave i was just at me climbing up
my leg and everything like that i guess
he's hungry so I just made some toast
and then we kiss in here in this chair
happily eating some toasts having the
fan blow on him because it is hot in
here we don't have air conditioning and
it's just really really hot and stuffy
it's like plus 30 outside today yeah so
it's pretty hot and like you can't even
stand to be outside for very long I went
outside in the morning today so that the
kids could have the routes door time and
I'm glad we did because now it's just
for it also but yeah I'll tell you about
it later TV
yep because behind amity believe I fell
asleep in the chair eating himself where
it is like five minutes ago how many
fish have these eating crackers and
cheese while she's waiting can be
playing the bed our fan here keeps
knocking everything off the fridge
magnets are all over the phrase or
papers they're everywhere do you love
love hey guys what's going on so Vicki
went to the doctor so I'm here watching
the kids so we made slushies wait at me
it's really good what flavor is it what
orange punch yeah here's what it looks
like ooh polished issues so we started
making arrows fleshies all time because
it's cheap and it tastes good you can
make it any flavor you want you have to
have Coke or the sugary stuff you can
make your own like little Juicy's or
whatever you can make tea cool it down
and then make into a slushie tastes good
this summer having an orange punch yummy
mm okay so I'm trying to get that guitar
I was talking about yesterday for some
trays or whatever like that but the guy
who was gonna do it hasn't gotten back
to me on my email so if you're watching
this video if you're the guy was gonna
train you please just email me back out
of the way you want to give it to
someone else or someone else that's cool
I just need to know so i can start
looking into other options but it's
frustrating when that guys have happens
i hate email for that reason sometimes
if you're going to use you bill use a
pullout bed and use it every day and
check it every day don't wait like three
days you can check your email I check my
email all the time I don't understand I
check it probably like 25 times a day or
something so I'm a little frustrated but
hopefully it'll get back to me tonight
and be like little sorry I was just
really busy something here you have
stuff yeah
so I apologize but I didn't do a lot of
logging today um because my day was a
little bit crazy I had great extra kids
that I didn't know why I was watching
and they just wish it's a very long
story Nick SAT through a tollins like
you don't want to see it through those
joy like that the whole time was I don't
know how to summarize very well anyways
so I'm just I was really tired and I was
just uh not in I mean it was hard for me
to pick up a camera and blog because I
was dealing with crying babies and it
was just not fun so and then I could
have taken it one win on the walk but I
didn't know how everything was going to
be and I got my new camera so I didn't
want it to get wrecked or anything like
that so that's why i didn't really vlog
today so sorry hopefully tomorrow I'll
get some more vlogging in for you um so
logon sounds like Irish or something
login infractions what I don't even know
walking this I can't even do it out of
tangerine boat and then what and then
I'm gonna chase the rainbow I can't you
are pretty oh man how do you give me
your daughter sex levi's awake thinking
apogee that's my bad
