yeah last time seeing the house by house
my house oh there's my parents the last
time bye-bye
so we are inside the house and I don't
know if you can tell with my voice right
now but it's very echoey it's so empty
so empty ah check it out used to be like
couches and stuff here and the TV and
stuff and then here was like the dining
room table here's Mike my kitchen I grew
up in oh nice the kitchen there's to be
a huge kitchen table here where all the
family would say it big huge one that
had like extra leaves and stuff in it so
much people can sit in on it I used to
be like couch here so empty this is the
yard you don't know if you can see but
nick's already outside fishing on the
dodge know the kids want to go out 200
see you so beautiful there on the come
down the water Wow okay just a minute
buddy so and then there's the upstairs
oh and there's in here too this room's
empty here completely empty wait this
was a room that my parents converted it
was this is part of the garage so they
are worth half the garage for Nick and I
when we moved home um back home for a
bit romany was born and so this way our
little room that we had that we had to
like hang out in so we have like a couch
and all the toys for her to play with
and I like the TV in the fireplace and
says it was a really nice room and I was
all gone empty and then this is like the
little laundry area and in the bathroom
the bathroom this was the door
gosh I was there never go outside with
dad well you have to wait cuz you can't
go near the water without life jackets
so you gotta wait just give me one
second I had to go upstairs really
really quick wah wah bring up the stairs
now oh shi shipping downstairs upstairs
I mean ok this was my old room this was
where I slept in my room and this was my
sister's room and it was awful avenues
bedroom when she was a baby when we
lived here this yep and this was my
parents room here is that where you guys
have been sleeping here you have a bed
and I can't show you but over there
there's like a nonsuit founder oh I can
come in this room ok oh oh she doesn't
clean this one yet ok I had like the
little closet there was like a big
dresser here with my dad stuff and then
this is the bathroom that's the house
side will no longer be coming here
anymore cuz it's not the house anymore
so we're all a little sad but we know
it's ok ok so we're going to a secret
park that nobody knows about I can't
tell you the secret so it's really nice
and it's like a locals only part cuz
nobody nobody knows about it so cuz it's
got this great view but nobody tells
anyone about it either because it's a
secret so I can't tell you where it is
but I will tell you that it's amazing
you see it now okay let's go so we're
going to go over to it and you really
like it's way more overgrown so it's
like impossible to see but because it's
so early in the season you can see the
park already but man look at the view eh
mmm lakeview it's pretty sweet so I'll
show you the park when we get there okay
so Vicki is naming this the cursed park
because the first time I brought my guy
here he got the worst wipeout and he's
bleeding everything we've been here for
five minutes and happened the white dad
on the Sun on this on the swings now
Malik I just had another wipeout but
Levi's having fun here I put them on the
slide looks so cute on the slide ok
groggy pants let's go okay Levi your
turn hmm that was cool whoa now he's
just like I'm just getting out here it's
a cool spot you can't climb up this
light you're already cooler than you
know it's hard yeah hey youtubers thanks
for watching this video and if you
wanted to see part 1 go ahead and click
the video displaying in the link right
here and that'll bring you to part 1 so
you can catch up on what you missed if
you start it up our to anyways uh thanks
for watching and feel free to give us a
thumbs up leave some comments and please
subscribe we really appreciate all of
your support thanks
