morning everybody I am really
disappointed in the weather today
because it's pouring rain and yucky and
wet and just not very nice weather and
we just uh we are really hoping to have
a nice sunny day what is the pail
hydrograph shelter rainy your sunglasses
are out there game rained on oh that's
okay I'll try it's okay um my sister is
coming for a visit today and so with all
of the six kids that were going to be
here I really wanted to have the outside
to play um just like send the kids
outside to play because we only have the
upstairs of the house now with my
parents downstairs so it's gonna be a
little bit crowded but that's okay um we
just have to make two and then this
weekend it's supposed to be like
gorgeous and sunny and hot and like
really really nice so we kind of wish it
was today but we didn't write me well do
what we can with the weather um just
whatever and I kept Avenue home from
school today because of you know so she
could have like a playdate with her
cousin my sister coming and when she
woke up this morning she got up super
early and she was super excited and
happy and she was like just like you
know just really happy when she woke up
she was like singing and like dancing
and she's like it's crazy hair day at
school and she was so excited to go oh
oh come on then one day that I'm gonna
keep you home from school when you're
gonna want to go to school you want to
go to school here right
Levi walking with the kitchen chair are
you walking with the chair are you
walking with the tier you gotta walk on
your own and not with the chair here we
go he's trying you're funny anyways I
told her while you go to school pick a
category sustainable and have played
over your presence it she was like I'd
stay at home of course but anyways are
just finding the one day to live blog so
I was downstairs I'm vacuuming just like
the stairs in the front door cuz had a
company and I come upstairs my kids are
supposed to be clean up the floor so I
can vacuum up here before they come and
I come upstairs and they've made like
this slide out of the lid of the Ottoman
show everybody what you're doing so
creative yet not what I wanted them to
do but they're having fun so whatever
and because they have the carpet now
it's not damaging the floor oh you guys
are silly silly silly all right now can
you guys tiny up the messy floor so I
can vacuum oh hey well so listen hey
okay so if you ever want to clear your
kids out of a room really quick just say
I'm gonna turn the vacuum on works every
time think you might need a minute to
style just put your feet up just say
you're in turn the vacuum on just turn
on just it there and just read a book or
whatever and then your kids free for a
little bit just can't really I'm gonna
vacuum vacuum okay gotta go vacuum so my
hope I was at the table coloring and
then goes mama
come see my trade it's so cool I come
into the kitchen he made this big long
what is it long line a long line of my
all I'm that title again all boys all by
himself yeah good job bud he was very
proud of it ebony has been dying to go
outside onto the hammock all day and
it's been raining so it's been wet so
it's been sunny for the last couple of
hours we did go for a walk went to the
store and bought microwave popcorn for
family movie night tonight I had
literally I had probably dollar 75 in
the stroller like in the little
compartment and I said literally that's
so funny because like nick says that all
the time I make fun of him anyways and
it was exactly a dollar fifty when I got
the popcorn that was really really glad
that there was some tax for anything on
that and yeah so now she's really happy
because she's a fine night because she
shake it out and it's dry you see it on
the Hamming she's a happy girl now to
dry yeah just give it a good shake yeah
where's your hat oh you're sitting on it
whoo
so yeah I got nicer out I mean they were
calling for thunderstorms and stuff and
now it's like really really sunny so
you're a big tall trees in our yard
crazy what his wedding site where his
friends like Abby's wearing her cool new
hat he likes it you don't like it oh you
do like it very close the door before
Levi tries to sneak out
you
