hi dude was he like to satisfy himself
there done that before it gives you
mamas casino
okay so I'm going to try and make like
an iced drink for with my tea that I got
so i used this strawberry lemonade tea
and it was it was really going to open
up and show you actually just second so
here's what it looks like it smells so
good you when you open the package and
here's what it looks like inside who saw
like berries and stuff like that anyway
so i boiled the tea and i put it in a
big cup and I put that in the fridge and
now I'm going to fill that with ice what
my new key in there yeah I'm going to
blend it and hopefully it makes like
this cool a string oh I'm not like a
probably this guy stuff or anything as
you can tell so I'll blend it up and
then we'll see what looks like okay I'll
God blending here's what looks like it's
pretty good no it makes any difference
but this is a cold drink so we'll try to
I'm gonna dump in a cup of dried out but
okay here we go here's my drink boom
it's actually pretty good i stuck it
back i guess some ice and some tea
tastes and all that kind of stuff so is
pretty much what i wanted i did she let
me try it again okay hmm yeah it was
pretty good but the only difference is
the ice chunks from Dairy Queen assemble
yet are like little tiny mini ice cubes
but this is more like smushy snowy I so
if you know how to make your ice like
better for these type of drinks put a
comment below so I can we're gonna do it
a little bit better a little stuffy to
my allergies I gotta take my holiday
medicine still but yeah if you know how
to do this better send me a comment or
so cool way to make like a cool ice tea
type of smoothie type of drink or
something like that send me a comment
put it in the below because we always
want likes meetings and stuff like that
but we find was so hard to make but yeah
so let us know what you think okay so i
gave the kids some of the tea thing that
we made and what do you guys think you
like it
great yeah who do you like like it my
degree is your teeth are turning green
oh no it's so yummy hey guys Avenue
wants to put food coloring in it so we
can change it to make different colors
let me see whoa oh maybe I there's a big
ice chunk I know yummy so Brielle wanted
to play hairdresser so she's gonna do my
hair today right yeah what do you got I
got oh my god abuja abuja comb comb i'm
a pothead and a brush so y'all read you
my hair okay
oh thank you what do you think how do I
look wow I look nice oh thank you I
Malakai wants his turn to do my hair
he won't say much higher ed the
difference between boys and girls he was
getting really muggy and stuffy in here
and now this beautiful breeze just came
in so nice I opened up the windows and
we're getting like this nice really nice
breeze coming in the window now to the
trees it's almost sounds like a storms
coming but it doesn't look too dark I
just finished like pouring rain wait to
walk home in the rain again and I forgot
to bring my camera on our walk but it
was so cute because Brielle and hominy
were like holding hands together and
they both had their rain jackets on with
their little hoods and there's looks so
sick together and yeah it was a good
luck home but we missed it subscribe to
my blog leave vine loves to put on that
Malachi's hat and like put it on his
head and walk around thats so funny hey
hey mellow fan of the week thank you you
got happen are you going nice hot
gangster because we my name is hat oh
yeah look at you cool dude oh don't say
it don't sit don't pull your pants up
tripping on them not to hi Daddy hi dude
was he home
like to satisfy himself there done that
before Zee mom let's go see mom can you
see me yeah mommy oh oh you standing for
so long cuz he man does he good job
Levi's does he mom again huh cuz he need
casi me does he want come on yeah
that's really good yes not the most he's
done so far is like you what I'm a dog
in not to get them all yeah ideas growl
at the men they run away here they come
they're coming back see you like doesn't
take much as Garrett mom
so Vicky's downstairs taking pictures of
all of our stuff that we don't want any
more good to make more her parents whoa
hey I thought the power was going out I
just thought the flowers going out I'll
be sitting you're flicking the lights
yeah you're funny you gonna find me I'm
sitting here making the video and then
it's raining a stormy outside the light
syrup like a I'm like whoa cars are to
go and they're here Abby laughing you
think you're funny yeah no more like
don't touch the lights okay guys I
promise don't touch no oh no touching so
Vicki's downstairs making all this malc
I I just said no touching okay so yeah
Vicki's dancers making the pictures so
she can post them on these websites and
stuff don't try and sell the stuff so
we'll see how that goes i hope she
guessed success because otherwise we're
just gonna throw this stuff out or give
it away or so so yeah okay we're playing
Marco Polo Abby's it polo follow rock
isd in the living room okay run oh she
got you you're it you're it buddy Marco
sorry I steak whoa oh it was God y
Avenue okay see Marco and let's say polo
polo okay you see something we'll say it
back oh yeah so it's nothing I family
with us playing Marco Polo hey guys
what's up i can't believe that Levi is
almost walking already his nuts he grows
up so fast that all kids grow up so fast
to let anybody tell you different one
second they're these cute little babies
like giant kids walking around talking
and telling it means like having their
own little lives anyways thanks for
watching video I hope that you liked it
subscribe thumbs up leave some comments
we'd love to hear some feedback from you
and start engaging with you guys so
leave some comments we love it thanks
but
