you're making me sound more like a nerd
she's realizing the stuff I ordered I'm
so shy / is so nerdy
hey guys what's up I guess you're
wondering Nick how are you recording
this camera and driving with no hands
well I got the answer for you i just got
a cool new car mount thing for my gopro
camera and i got it from my buddy lauren
who ordered it for like i think it was
like four dollars and fifty cents or
something yeah that's right for
auto-ship fifty cents so if you're if
you're familiar with gopro stuff you'll
be like whoa pornos in fifty cents as
crazy how'd you get it for such a treat
deal well because we got it from a guy
in China so that's how we kind of cheap
deal it's not an actual go pro one but
like it's some makeshift China one but
it looks pretty good like I showed it in
my video yesterday I think yeah I think
so but yeah so it looks pretty good and
it works really well as suction cups on
it has like I think three points of
adjusting so you can just like up and
down like side to side and then your
camera goes in you get just like that
stuff anyway it's pretty sweet and i'm
working at right now and it feels like
it's working pretty good we'll see how
the video actually turns out it doesn't
seem to be very loose and shaky either
like you know sometimes you get
something and if it's a little bit loose
like you always have that little bit of
a rattle what I'm looking at it seems
like it's pretty still but we'll see I
guess well I guess you're seeing right
now how is it put in the comments is a
video pretty still so I'm just in the
room blogging and the kids are just
going nuts I always hear they're doing
you guys do ah hi lay down do not funny
thing again let's see what's up anything
did you down the merry-go-round oh my
kids are so silly okay so I have to do a
video for someone else's vlog and it's
about networking cards and I don't know
why but it when i'm not blogging for
this channel I'm just so tongue-tied I'm
sitting there like trying to do the
video i'm watching the camera i'm just
like um I'm from Canadian film
only vlog and I just don't know what to
say it freeze completely up vicki's like
just go in there and do it I'm like I
can't I don't know why I just can't
maybe because I had a long day at work I
don't know I don't know why I just can't
do it I keep freezing up but when that
video if it goes on his channel maybe
it'll suck to bed i'll give you a link
to it and then you can check it out ok
so i'm opening up to nikki is sensitive
side and tyler different things that i
was bothering me and then she goes um i
was telling her Oh Duke Arab next
wednesday i go to a gardening class
we're going to learn how to grow plants
vertically up like what's so funny
anyway so i wanted to learn how to grow
these plants up like trellises stuff
like that and then she chose laughing
your house and she goes oh you're such a
nerd who wants to learn how to grow
plants go to a seminar very good plants
cool people that's who cool people it's
totally bummed me out man I think you've
wrecked my whole night I do not I did
want so many nice encouraging things to
you and you're all dad and then you shot
the ball when you lack okay I'm just
current and then she tells me all these
nice things seconds later she laughs in
my face and calls me a nerd hey cuz it
was the funny thing is he was saying
what do I look like like what's my
appearance like okay let me that's not
what I was saying I was saying you're
saying that's not what I was saying I
was saying you know how sometimes you
see somebody and be like oh that person
probably is a really good musician or
that person is probably really good at
that and I go um what would you say
people would say is for me that person
is a probably really good at and then
she goes oh people probably think you
cuz your glasses stuff people probably
think you really know stuff I'm like so
basically that person good at math or
that person nerd she was like yeah I
said I said know that you were smart
that you would know the answers to
things yeah and then seconds later she
laughs in my face like that sounds like
an eerie you're letting a girl planta
I'm with you go to class without Allah
Hitler learn to
at grow plants were frankly I'm just the
way he said it I need to go to this
class seminar yeah learn how to grill
placed vertically I was just like what
it's something I want to know how to do
I know but it was funny gives it the
whole talk before yeah it's real funny
it was it was really funny usually
you're probably laughing right now you
agree with me and you like just go haha
in the comments don't do that okay you
get me in the comments go Nick you
grieve me go haha go Nick go Nick
subscribe 1 i'm so pumped cuz i got some
pepper chef stuff in the mail Nikki
ordered a bunch of pampered chef
products okay it's a minute and inside
it two things I have really been
watching yeah she had these for free
sorry oh I can't open the box oh how you
use that I place is perfect time for
opening up boxes and those awful plastic
was that a paper cutter yeah oh really
tell me when the boys and white boxes oh
there you go I should use the I slice oh
man you give me a little bit okay bring
here oh yeah look up that paper tomorrow
okay so let's see what we got here some
 yes I could put it in to give to
the customers oh that's not you why is
your distinct hey my stuff's not in here
you white only one box I must be coming
on a different day thanks Vicki the
point is it comes like a stupid stop
naughty for me and I was so excited like
ran upstairs so excited to open that I
was gonna get this t-bird like t think
you're making me sound more like a nerd
she's realizing the stuff I ordered up
so shy / is so nerdy this little t-bird
is a little tea when you put tea inside
it and then you put it on your mug your
drink your tea okay so I like tea and I
like guardians is that a crime I don't
think so cool people like that kind of
stuff haha go Nick anyway so um yeah
there's gonna eat that and then I was
gonna get this cool water but it was
what was that water thing called I was
going to get this thing called quick
stir pitcher and you put water in it and
then there's like a wait this isn't the
thing with you picnic fuser omi is not
as cool anyway so it's like you just
filled with water you put lemons and
limes and stuff and you can watch a wash
wash wash you mixed up well that makes
any sense to you probably not well then
you like a frozen juice can you put it
in can you do that with a quick sir one
the big giant one gets put you to juice
cans probably I don't know come on Vicki
even nerds know this kinda stuff the
more I think of it the more I really am
a nerd hey YouTube how's it going thanks
for watching this video and we really
appreciate I don't know how many times I
say this but I don't think I can ever
say enough we appreciate your support
and thank you for watching subscribing
thumbs up Inge and commenting on our
videos thanks for watching we look
forward to seeing you tomorrow
you
