and like fit I can't Nicki stuck the
gate is open the wrong way yeah
so we're playing this game where we
throw the animals over the edge but now
they're both getting I've said they
don't want to do it anymore cuz then
water animals get hurt what are you guys
doing down and we'll fight animal by yr
come here throw one over the edge oh why
not ya little kitty up why not hey throw
it over dad no wait for Emma yeah why
Michael for me yeah make you be upset
monster trucks case her inside and all a
sudden I hear the doorbell ring in his
avenue at the door she's like oh he's
stuck and look I can't Vicki stuck the
gate is open the wrong way yeah so now
we have to try and get her out I don't
know if I can do this I get some shoes
on this so funny oh she got out she
didn't need my help after all you got
jammed in there oh yeah I know I need to
fix that yeah there's a lot of things I
need to do yeah you're still in your pjs
thanks okay it's a windy day out today
Levi's inside the trampoline yes
are you in the trampoline hello the
squish appease up there oh and they're
playing with these surfboards letting
them blow in the wind and I'm trying to
fix this gate and so I can clean the car
because I got locked out I was like
halfway done you can see and then a dork
blue shut again ah ok so the car is
basically done now looking a lot better
than it did before forgot that shot back
piece so yeah just another thing you got
to do when you're an adult clean up your
crap ok so Abby I just finished church
now we're walking home happy got a
special surprise for mountains let me to
left ins and I got AB knees crap that
she made for mother's day or yeah
mother's day so we're going to go home
and maybe apne you're going to give it
to her and I are gonna wait so Vicky's
Abby's gonna give it to Vicki now so
that'll be cool and we'll see you later
this is the halfway point so good
firms of subscribe to our vlog k
Abby's gonna give away your stuff mommy
ya see ya canna boy Oh early Mother's
Day present read the nominee did I ok
cooks s good food oh thank you I love oh
we go shopping together hey xoxoxo and
fun places yeah oh thank you have a nice
money and she got you know thanks to you
how many got you boo very lucky to have
you got one for you too you can have it
tomorrow morning for breakfast that's
for her actually you shouldn't mean to
say that love you on it it's for you
right good girl whoa I didn't know that
Mozart was over here wait Mozart's a
game plays piano right that is a great
thing um yeah that other one the other
one so it's Sunday night it's like 830
and I realized that we have no bread and
like I have nothing really to like give
Levi like I don't have any of this
little baby canola bars I don't have any
like little cookies for him I don't have
any yogurt bananas little mini peaches
so like I have to go out tonight just
such a bummer but you know those nights
were just like oh good already Brad i'm
emailing you just have to go out well
that's tonight and you just don't care
because you're just like I just don't
even feel like y know
so I'm like here so I'm like totally
wearing like my sweat so my sneakers and
have my hair all messy and I just don't
care because I'm really grateful that we
live really close to a grocery store
that I can walk there in like three
minutes i am going to drive though
because i have to get a couple things
that might be a heavy bag but that's
when i'm really grateful because i want
to go all the way into town to go to the
grocery store so that's one of the perks
of living here by grocery store so I'm
gonna go and get my food now and
hopefully it won't take long and then I
gotta come home when I get back into my
jammies because I I did I didn't run my
jammies for sure not that guy yet I'm on
my way to the store and I just got in
the van and Nick musta cleaned it today
when I was napping or something because
it is so clean in here there's no
garbage on the floor or anything there's
like nothing there no there there no
grabbing on the floor there look it's so
clean he put all the car seats back in I
am so impressed yeah you did such a good
job it looks awesome it feels so nice to
be in a clean car I did not know this
but I just drove by the grocery store I
was running wow what an empty parking
light uh-huh uh-huh empty parking lot
you know why because their clothes they
close at 8pm on a sunday night I did not
know that I guess I haven't gone here
and it's animate before so I'm pretty
bummed because it's 830 so I missed it
and now I know that walmart is open til
10 that's what
I don't want you gonna go get my brand
for my family hey youtubers thanks for
watching this video we really appreciate
all of your support and we'd love it if
you would just give us a thumbs up leave
a comment or even subscribe to our
channel we love all the comments that we
get and be able to connect with you guys
and get to know you all just a little
bit better so if you leave a comment I
promise also i'll respond to it and if
you want to check out another one our
videos right away go ahead and click the
video that's playing in its yesterday's
video we'll have another one ready for
you tomorrow thanks for watching
