here's just number three and we were
just saying how cool it was because it's
short okay it's fine mom's moving long
enough I on it it's very cool
at 6 30 on saturday morning i guess the
kids didn't get the memo to sleep in on
a weekend and of course Nick just family
sleeps and doesn't even flinch when they
walk into the room so I feel like I
always have to get up so the kids all
three of them are sitting on the couch
watching the and will show that they all
like and is it yeah it's nice to show
they late oh he can see it okay yes Jeff
Corbin egg-like membrane and with snakes
it was fast it was a really fascinated
the moir√© so just took it Avenue braids
and her hair so creepy and it just made
me remember that like growing up we used
to have the things called crimpers and
you'd like it was like a big huge thing
is kind of like a straightener I guess
now but I had those little grooves in it
and you take like a chunk of your hair
and you go like down which I never make
your hair look like it was just in
braids all night I just remind me of
that I'm just like where can you get
what I want to do that but don't know if
they sell them anymore they even know
what they sell crimpers anymore i think
that they kind of went out of style but
who knows okay so the kids found
something to entertain the next morning
we got there ripping up coupon so I
don't need making a big mess all over
the floor
and I'm sitting here and doing grocery
lists and looking at fires yeah so Levi
comes around the corner he looks like
this happy you trying to look like your
big brother or the hat on hey you look
good you look like your big brother oh
oh you look like your big brother yeah
oh you put on my head is that funny hmm
you're so cute your big teeth execute
you can have it back okay Abby wants to
show us something she likes it but water
and then drink the water out of the
strawberry show them how you do it what
do you have to do you're such a dork mmm
is that good water strawberry water I
love you have any how many's the best
ebony and I are ready to go out for our
girls day and boys are staying at home
and we're sitting here at the door
because I'm knees like I'm hungry and
it's like ten o'clock i'm gerry has some
strawberries i thought she already had
it for a snack and then we go out and
maybe get lunch road i read that later
and then she's like what I don't worry
I'm hungry
you know why she's hungry cuz daddy's
making popcorn for him and malachi to
eat while they watch a movie when we're
gone and she wants some where we're
sitting here at the door leading her
popcorn to be maids we can take it to
eat in the car how many where are we I
have any where are we dying Tiger what
are we gonna go look for in giant tiger
rain boots and why are you talking like
that and moving your mouth like that
kind of gum called bubblicious bubble
ishes gum it's her first time having
bubblicious gum and I split it with her
cuz I know it's really bad grant it's
really hard to chew but she really likes
it it's good here we are giant tiger she
wish us luck so I just finished a giant
tiger and we just had fun to shopping
looking around actually found a really
cute tank top that I bogs in the late
dollars and I said it was gonna be
mother's day gift from a beneath to me
who believe and then we got daddy help
her shorts because he said he needed
some new shorts because he was
outgrowing his other ones and then we
got awesome you got oh and we found a
pair of rainboots for Avenue but we're
still gonna go to another store and see
what they have to UM just see if we
could find something matches her coat a
little bit better and when we came out
of giant tiger Avenue so hungry she
couldn't wait to get the chip truck
because it's down the road son they were
selling hot dogs like the little vendor
just outside the store so she had hot
dog is dead and was it really good
that's it good this is the halfway point
so do
forms of subscribe to our fly so we
got our french fries and they're really
super yummy and I had just enough money
like change left in my wallet for them
like I mean just an athlete I had like a
nickel left in my hold hair wallet um
anyways but they're worth it so abney
sitting in the front seat and she's
gonna enjoy some french fries with mommy
she already had a hot dog so should be
more for mommy right no you're gonna eat
them all yeah so the boys and I just
watched toy story actually qualify yeah
we're having some french fries right
you're sharing them Levi how you met
tries to yay he probably had about like
a 45 min happen and what I hear from
Vicki's that's what all he's having now
during the day so we didn't really
expect him to sleep too long but ha ha
ha Darren tries so I think the girls
probably should be back soon because
they said they're only going just to
look at some boots and stuff like that
and it's twelve o'clock so they weren't
planning on having lied shows so they
should be back to have lunch here so who
knows this should be better how many
found the button that controls the radio
station now she's changing the mom going
crazy
that's a good one I like it it's a good
beat feel like I'm in Hawaii maybe you
let me stop ok makes it very stop I've
always wondered what this little
compartment here between the two vents
is for like it's such a weird sighs I
tried putting like my gravy in it but it
doesn't fit so how many what do you
think it's for what do you think is
sitting here a napkin it's not a garbage
can she's kitty oh my goodness such a
silly girl I just love her so here's a
penny in jest number 10 dress number two
just number one who was wrong dress
number one it was too big right just
number two and there you see avenue
lovely crimpy Harrell in the back and
it's a nice long dress it's so pretty
here's dress number three and we were
just saying how cool it was because it's
short okay it's mom's moving along
very cool but I know I know like tanks
tanks bug ya hey race that's dress
number three mm-hmm what dress is this
one just number four right dose number
four Avenue really likes this one right
what are you doing Oh Jess number five
right your range sn25 show everybody Oh
cable didn't you even if it's so pretty
miss pink looks so good on her okay okay
so here's a shirt than average right on
it she's got a cute look freeze on and
she really really likes it you must give
me a really funny face in the mirror she
really likes this one and so do i she's
a cute belt it's got a really kick it go
in my head so she can wear the belt with
other things too much were really cool
it's really cute haha yeah you come
right up so Josh isn't oh she was the
shirt and capris or address some money
decisions it's happening on the one
shirt that she just loves so much that
she doesn't even want to take it off
shore where it right up to the cash
register so I'm actually gonna let her
what's the takeaway can scan her as she
likes behind no but she really wanted to
keep it on and she really really likes
it and Leo wants it so we're gonna get
it okay
we'll probably get one dress to as a
birthday gift to her so we'll see which
one that will be I wished I had the
option of all these really cute dresses
and everything I was like nothing in my
department so let's make grown-up
versions of the kids clothes okay so the
girls are still gone they said ee
vaccine but they ended up going all
right so what are we doing blowing pasta
yeah this is our third puzzle already so
we're building puzzles and Levi's his
had a little snack he's watching this is
laughing at somebody oh oh don't want to
drop it be oh yeah don't drop that these
I think it's silly buddy Howard's having
some fun just the boys already so yeah
oh I don't know what I don't suppose
that they said then we're gonna be all
day and now it's almost four o'clock so
we will see you can never trust a little
shopping they could be gone for it they
may have to sleep can get some more
shopping and tomorrow Oh Avenue and I
had so much fun today and I guess I
really tired her out cuz she fell asleep
on
do you sleep
you sleep in girl
it's okie our head dance all day on to
um but yeah now we're home so I wake her
up primeira go outside and show all of
our purchases that we got today and then
I'm supposed to spend the day going
through toys and stuff to get rid of to
make room for my parents moving in and
out sorry three o'clock so I kind of
lost most of the day but I had a really
fun outing with just my daughter and it
was really really nice so I'm glad we
did it you know sometimes things like
the laundry and doing dishes like they
can wait and it's just good to spend
quality time with your kids so just
remember that when you're like just a
second I can't do that right now with
you because I like a pile of dishes or I
gotta go switch over on my laundry well
that doesn't take long but do you know
what I mean just just remember to put
spending time with your kids and having
that one-on-one time even with them is
important and that that's something that
we we should do with our kids daily so
just remember that hey everyone thanks
so much for watching our vlog today give
a click on the video that you see plane
and I promise you will be another funny
interesting clip of our family and we've
really like you guys to give us a thumbs
up comment and subscribe to our blog you
won't regret it and thank you again so
much we appreciate all your support
