Happiny and Malick are in here making
cookies and I came and walked in and
avenues busted because she's eating the
cookie dough
check out Avenue shirt super snake girl
so I did like fabric paint and did like
double essence and they made one else
look like a speak I have a little googly
eyes on it and like a little felt palm
so she could be super snake girl today
I'm pretty impressed with it so today
I'm put my plants from inside to outside
and after work I have to go to a goodbye
party for a bunch of people because one
of the faculties closed in our yeah and
we get a big anyway and I'd show you
what he's saying I point the camera down
but he's cancellous ebony super snake
look out oh I won't video Joker because
she doesn't want anyone to see her Super
Show won our den of the DD be revealed
she wants her to be superhero identity
bisa teak secret ok bye why is it that
whenever like you have to use the
bathroom your kids ulsan have to use the
bathroom and then both of them have to
use the bathroom at the same time and
then it's like oh but I have to go going
to go and it's like a big fighting war
for bathrooms or meanwhile they were
just playing quite completely not even
thinking about it but as soon as I'm
like go to the bathroom then they also
hundred on the bathroom and it's just so
frustrated and I keep trying to get them
used to like there's only going to be
one bathroom because grandma grandpa
moving in downstairs so we don't have
the other bathroom so we have to get
used to waiting our turn and we need a
shin and not yelling at each other get
off the toilet so anyway it's just kind
of funny that the timing of it all
having a cool send home pictures from
her zoo to you day which is really nice
that they printed them out
thumb so we put on the fridge here so
she's with her friend and there's a
snake around her neck I'll her name's
Addison and look how happy Omni Eze with
the snake on her high and their sheep
their pettiness snake oh my goodness and
she's been really interested and into
watching this show at Jeff Corwin and
he's like I don't want the word it
starts with h no I'm not even try
actually I need someone that does things
like snakes and like studies army stuff
um so like oh like the episodes that we
seen so far all about him like tiny
snakes and talking about them and I
music this 10 this 10 this was so cool
and I'm just like subscribe Avenue and
Malick are in here making cookies and I
came and walked in and avenues busted
because she's eating the cookie dough
not supposed to be eating no no no was
that actually in your mouth cuz don't
put it on the tray it was in your mouth
that's garbage now I caught you okay
make the cookies guys so we can get
family movie night started don't you
want to start watching a movie yeah and
eat the yummy cookies I got to make them
kiss I don't think there's not a ball
now with knives okay yeah hurry it up I
want cookies Avenue put her her rain
boots were hanging on the door here to
to return because they don't really
match her coat and she came over and put
her foot in the rain boot still attached
the door and she kept in the cupboard
would you prefer oh my goodness can I
help you that was a big screen what say
up thank you what's wrong you're stuck
she's stuck Kenna this is one way to
keep her still now she can't do anything
she's just stuck here all day long all
day night we're gonna go watch the movie
has some cookies and OH never right he's
too smart for me she just took her foot
out of the boot see that's some smart
thinkin girly hey so just finished the
after work party a goodbye party for
everybody from the faculty at my work
that got made redundant so you
really fun everybody had some drinks and
some food and laughing and memories and
stuff like that so it was kind of cool
to a really nice way to say goodbye to
everybody there was a couple of speeches
and we're all at the there's the manager
of my center has also works at a pub so
we go there and like they bring out with
tons of appetizers and meals stuff I got
so yeah it was a ton of fun so I'm
really glad that I went and now i'm on
my way home for family movie night yeah
i'm really excited for that so i left a
little bit early so I could get to
family member night because you know
it's important for my kids and I wanted
to have memories with my kids so they
always like yeah dad was there for you
dad didn't like skip out for things and
like he was always around for all the
same kind of cool family things that we
do and you made time for those things so
I hope that's like something they'll
always remember about me so yeah I'm
gonna try and make it there at least for
the last hour or so of it I think
they're probably probably already
started it because it's 650 so they
probably started at like 630 or
something but who knows maybe they
waited a little longer anyway see you
later hey thanks for watching this last
video and check out the video in the
this playing right now abney is taking a
little brother for a walk around the
house it's so cute he's so close to
taking his first steps he's almost there
I can't believe her mr. and walking on
his own so yeah if you're just wondering
i did make it home for family moving any
in and it was a lot of fun we watched
nims island so anyways thanks for
watching and subscribe comment thumbs up
on this video and we look forward to
reading your comments and responding and
enjoying the community that we're
creating here anyways thanks for
watching and we look forward to you
watching our videos tomorrow
