okay here we go I got this tarpey
greenhouse thing up it's got a door
there I started putting some stuff in it
thought oh I better do an update before
filling up with stuff so it only fits
these smaller containers and I have a
bunch of those bigger ones so what I was
thinking is I was going to put these two
boards and put the bigger ones down in
the middle and then get some more the
smaller ones to put a role in that
bottom and I'm on the top I'm not going
to use this middle shelf because I don't
think it will be enough space because
the plants are going to be in here will
grow into this space like hot peppers
and tomatoes stuff like that and I can't
fill it up completely either because I
have to level it out like right now this
grounds to front level so I'm going to
buy some more of these boards and then
level out the edges all the way around
and then stack the green house on top of
that so it's not really done yet but I
have a piano coming today so I have to
move out of all these planters on my
deck so I have to move them so i can get
space to bring the piano up but yeah
this is just knocked a little update on
the greenhouse i'm going to see if maybe
i can get some more boards probably not
until monday yes because i have church
at social role and i'm playing on the
worst team so yeah but yeah here it is
so far here's the update number two of
the greenhouse just about finished and
it's looking pretty good I like it for a
hundred bucks man like this was a really
good deal who knows it is going to be
any warmer in here but we'll see i guess
in time whether the temperature changes
like i'm going to be i'll put a third
thermometer in here too
and so that way I can kind of tell like
how hot it is in here how much you need
to be watering all that ketchup but for
now it's looking good and pretty happy
with it and it was a to get back to work
ok so a venir are trying to build this
greenhouse it is hard right oven we're
trying to find number to go we can
