hey so today we are getting a piano so
I'm just outside doing some work trying
to get some space so we can easily bring
it upstairs so we're going to bring it
through here up onto this deck up these
stairs around the corner all the way of
these tears in these two doors and it's
going to go in that corner there's a
kids hi guys anyway so yeah we're going
to bring the piano up to that way so
right now I'm going to clear all these
planners this table already took away a
lot of the cheers I got to move that
barbecue over but yeah there's the green
house over there if you're interested in
seeing our gardening playlist we created
a playlist so we're going to up late
upload a video to once a week and it's
all about gardening this year for us so
if you want to see more about that
greenhouse check it out here's the link
bloop blip blip so yeah check that out
anyway so I gotta get back to work
before they get here with the piano so I
just park my car over my aunt Janice
because we wanted to not have our car in
the way when the piano came and I think
that they're all still sleeping but i'm
not going to door and other dogs are
barking still again so i'm going to get
out of here before they wake up and give
them at any for waking them up on
saturday whoopsie so I just gone for a
little walk to the lake to see how
thought out it is now and check it out
is so beautiful right now give you a
panoramic
that's pretty great a I live in a great
country you mean you get to come out to
those great legs just enjoy nature I was
still arm's length away from everything
I need just take my guy I code oh yeah
I'd nothing video let me but I'll see
maybe I'll do that today so Vicky's
dad's here to come get me to pick up the
piano and then I will come back when we
get back here with piano and try and
live a back you and show you what it's
like so we got the piano in the house
and Levi's playing it you play buddy
whoa so we still have to move this big
rug underneath it and we're gonna put
these little caps on the ed and uh where
the lake where the Rolly things are and
the wheels and then we're going to move
out into that corner and what's just
done the whole rooster we're going to
show you kind of the way a living room
looks now it's a little bit different
from how it looked before but it's going
to look pretty nice is if the piano
doesn't really match the rest of our
furniture color and stuff like that but
still it's pretty cool and the kids love
it Levi working those keys man
playing those ivories a bud okay so we
have our piano in place and i'll show
you kind of what it looks like i'm just
doing this chair oh wow yeah pick up the
sink ah our house is always a little bit
messy I think you probably figured that
out now from watching our videos but
here mom there's PA no the only bummer
is it doesn't match our furniture I
think I r you said that but Vicki wants
me to try and stain it then not to sand
it all down and that'd be a lot of work
and I press I could carry it out onto
the deck there and do it i'm not sure
what i would do to do that but yeah
there it is oh and now i have a computer
table there that chair still there we
moved our TV to there and all we moved
our beautiful daughter to the couch and
then we put the book in her hand so it
looks like she's reading all the time
it's pretty convenient and that's about
it and there's a beautiful baby too
