so the kids got these a little toy
snakes and Levi's learn what to do what
a snake says let me play so that is so
cute though Levi twist the snake say
Levi what's the snake say what's it say
ya malaki knows there you go yeah
there's a snake seis so he's playing
with the little toy sneaky guy Nikki's
got drew on his chin from it I just got
a call from one of the moms at any
school that the mom that walks avenue to
school every day um like on her way home
and she called me she's like are you
going to the zoo to you today at the
school and I'm like what I didn't know
there was a zoo to you at the school she
goes oh I thought we could walk up
together she's like yeah there was a
form and their bag or something a while
back and I was like I never got any
former botas do to you at the school
today so I'm so thankful that she called
shadow to Amanda thank you so much um so
yeah apparently it's in half an hour I
have to leave so thankfully the boys are
both dressed and I'm dressed kind of I
might need to change cuz I kind of look
like a sloppy month from P moms um so
yeah nice excited we're gonna get ready
and we're gonna go so I'm so glad she
calls
ready you guys all get to give her
little pet and you can give a little
talk to this don't squeeze her too
yeah Levi's not feeling very good today
he already had a three hour nap which
was really nice for me cuz i got lots
done it's been cleaning like to say oh
yeah catching up my housework that
hasn't been done and he's not feeling
good he's still sleeping some said the
coughing sidewalk OOP o'clock she the
one anyways um Oh companies give me the
pouty face for her brother no she's a
dumbass how the camera what I pretty fun
right now because Addison word eyes and
a semi yep what was your favorite animal
at the zoo to you yeah of course it was
mean to Robbie oh the chinchilla you
like two rabbits that oh the bugs the
big bunny yeah the big bunny have
private big bunny they were so cute I
was your favorite yeah I do is this
office hmm but would you rather have as
a pet a snake or buddy by me I'm really
relieved to hear that
hey you pretending loves a helicopter is
again look after Oh bunk bunk Oh No okay
so we have a special treat for the kids
per family movie night would be excited
what is it oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa okay sweet to each lucky
oh sorry can take you there fake they're
just pretend whoa okay are you sure you
want to for them look a huge one and
eating them I want this one yeah there
you go daddy they got all the good ones
Oh clicks those are the ones that are
left over this and design of chocolate
because I ran our chocolate on there one
top of our I guess loves sloppy like oh
haha she slapped my hand I how that was
the other one is gonna take I just got
robbed yeah ride by everybody mmm
how are you enjoying us I think he got a
little guy in peace yeah you'll have
someone with chocolate hey hey that's it
right there you got it right there yeah
there look at mom's face only release
any of it everywhere there's someone
here some over here Thanks underneath
your lab when I devouring them catharina
pretty quick mm-hmm you want a piece of
chocolate I wanted to just run to the
dollar store quick because i took the
shower curtain off when i was doing my
cleaning today because it was all gross
and you have to get the bottom and so I
was like up this needs to come down and
then I thought I had an extra one with
like the inside liner and I didn't so I
must use day or I misplaced it or
something so I'm just reading out now to
the dollar store to get a new one and
then I'm going to get some taco bars
there because I really cheap and I feel
like chocolate because I always wanted
chocolate and then I was gonna go and
get Malik I like his own his own like
little school book to do to practice you
know for school before going to school
with you baby boy and of course when I
want to go out it's pouring rain here in
the video pouring rain
should be a fun time I got so much cool
stuff at the dollar store tonight I kind
of went a little overboard probably but
they had really good things and I really
wanted to get Malachi excited about
learning so I found some really cool
books for him and I just want to show
you what I got so I've got these
learning bucks here so there's this one
here shapes sizes and colors which is
pretty good at but it's good to have and
this thing is good for learning how to
write and recognize your letters and
this one's really cool because it's a
dry erase one and it's caught by your
truck on it so he'll like that and
they're all for pre-k to kindergarten so
it's perfect for him for learning and
then of course since it's gonna be in
his own workbooks I got on these cute
little pencils that he can use I'll be
excited about using them and then of
course I got dry erase markers for the
firetruck book and then I had to be fair
and good Avenue something too so I found
this really cool pen and it's got all
the different colors on it like those
little pens we used to have when we were
kids and then it's really funny it's
really funny too because Nick had one of
those like the big thick ones it has all
the different colors I'm up in the
basket on the fridge and Avenue saw and
she was like this is so cool she was
like playing around it and nicked in
water play with it and so now she has
her own this should be really excited
about that I know she will be and then
of course I kind of stocked up on some
heat there's really cheap at the dollar
store and I got my I got some frizzy put
in the freezer because it's getting to
be that time and then I got um Ziploc
bags and the skype has a really good for
clean the bathtub and of course what I
went for shower curtain so I always tend
to get more than I need but i think i'll
be really good and I'll get use and
we'll all get eaten so it's fine it's
not money wasted and of course when I
was there right by the store is a little
convenience store that sells my favorite
treat ender
yummy YUM and there's still good I've
probably eaten like 50 already and I got
like 25 but I like never got them it's
like once in a blue moon so I'll
probably eat these pretty quickly but
then I won't get them against like
another like six months so uh six months
so yeah that was my sign at my shopping
today and now it's like after nine on
friday night and I'm pooped so I have to
finish clean up the kitchen and then I
got so much laundry sort but I want to
sort it out there Oh anyways so I want
to sort it so that it's ready to go in
first thing in the morning so I don't
waste time sorting in the morning when
it could be watching nice things that we
think about okay Vicki and I are gonna
attempt to move this greenhouse thing
that built over there
it's not getting free
