okay so abney are trying to build this
greenhouse and it hard right Avenue
trying to find number two but we can
okay i finished the frame except i was
missing one piece that goes right here
so i couldn't finish the shelf it's like
I sucks but the rest of it looks pretty
good I didn't put the actual greenhouse
part up yet you can get the idea so you
put the shelves here the greenhouse tarp
park thing kind of goes over top of it
it's pretty nice should do the good so
what I want to do so i'm going to move
this somewhere else for now but i don't
know where i'm going to put it yet which
right back is already built in oh
whatever so once tomorrow i'm going to
put the rest of it together and then
we'll figure out we're going to put it
start loading it up thanks for watching
okay Vicki and I are gonna attempt to
move this green hosting they've built
over to there
it's not going to train
thanks Vicki
okay so mach i did his watermelons
anyway inside now Abby screams never
beautiful flowers I just did tomatoes
and we'll show you what it looks like
when we're done Abby
