okay so I already did all this part here
myself and here's what we're gonna plan
hot peppers hot peppers so those are
like kung pao jalapeno zucchini cherry
tomatoes flowers watermelon cucumbers
and big tomatoes sound good okay the
flowers are gonna go all in this section
here so I'll show you how to do that
okay what you need to do is this with me
so what you're gonna do is we're gonna
put it in here now come over here to
this part where do one person is gonna
do it at time sit on your bum
yup sit down your bum yep are you gonna
you're gonna take two of these one two
you can do one at times if you want then
you guys stick them in the middle of
each one of these little blocks like
that so two of those in the middle of
that one two and then just top it with
your finger a little bit top it down
with your finger and that's it now
you're gonna do that for all those you
can do that don't cover them until
you're done I thought you're gonna
forget which ones you put it in it's
okay just leave that one so now put two
in all this whole row okay maokai is
gonna do watermelon which is right here
so you're gonna take yours are you gonna
do bow kai you take one watermelon seed
I'm gonna stick it right there and push
your finger down so you're gonna do that
for this row and this row I'll push it
down a little bit with your finger yep I
do that for the rest keep getting them
good job yep try and get right in the
middle I do this world this one this one
and then I'm gonna get hot cause I'm
gonna try and do I'm gonna try and do
the small ones and they can do the big
ones because they're easy okay here we
go
okay so mark I did his watermelons
anyway inside now Abby's finishing up
her beautiful flowers I just did the
tomatoes I'm gonna show you what it
looks like when we're done that Abney
okay Avenues just finishing up the last
little bit of seeds now we got
everything in here I don't even know you
could probably can't see most of these
but there's somebody Kizzy oh yeah hey
how many keys tickle me over here show
how you tickle me tickle my head but it
tickles you there yeah so now we're
gonna put a small layer of dirt over top
of that and then we're gonna water it
great Abney okay Avenues doing the first
batch of watering they're gonna put the
soil on top of water it again okay okay
so we're all done here's what it looks
like seeds ready to grow yeah that stuff
not gonna maybe try and build a
greenhouse tonight so I can put this in
there but I don't know if we'll be able
to we're gonna try it okay so I'm here
trying to build this greenhouse and it's
hard right Avenue we're trying to find
number two where we can
