hey guys sup so I feel like a big
friggin turd and Vicky feels like a big
turd and Levi feels like a big turd and
Libby feels like a victory we're all
saying it sucks
and the worst sleeps the last two nights
in a row we both have been like just
coughing and the kids get up and then
we're stuck up and our heads are
pounding everything's horrible so bear
with us if the vlogs are nice kid the
next couple of days because we are
completely unmotivated to do anything
but Libby is still being such a good
girl even though she's not feeling good
all right
two garbage bags right here are full of
just Kleenex this is from last night not
even kidding that's how thick I am so
that Kleenex is have been using and I
have tried really hard to collect all
the Kleenex isn't keeping them all neat
and tidy and baggies and stuff and not
leaving them on counters and by the
computer and all that and I go to next
side of the bed and he's sorry the bed
is covered with Kleenex so he's not
doing a good job so Nick just went to
the pharmacy to get our medicine so I
have a sinus infection and bronchitis
and Nick has a sinus infection and he
can take cough syrup for his sinus
infection and it's drowsy so it will
help him sleep and I can't because I'm
nursing so I'm a little bit upset about
that but I'm getting an inhaler
apparently that will help with the cough
so yes we're on the mend and the kids
are doing good no one's getting it and
we had Levi and Libby checked out and
they're just viral so good I'm just
hoping it just gets out of this house
quickly so Vicki and I have decided we
should go to the doctor and see if we
get some sort of relief for all this
sickness because it is brood all Vicki's
got the worst I think
like crap dice so yeah
regards to the doctor hopefully they
have something that will help it because
she could take well breastfeeding so
that's the cool hey guys so it's turns
out Vicki and I both have a sinus
infection so I just spent the last hour
Walmart waiting for our prescription now
I'm gonna head up the dollar shark is
there's some more stuff at minis for
crafts so I'm gonna see if they have it
there so save some money so the medicine
we got for Vicki today is Amina so she
can't breathe
so we just called 9-1-1 and we're
waiting for the ambulance to come so
they could check her out so stupid
puffer grass
oh they should be here soon I think I
hear the ambulance I guess it should be
here any second I can't tell which way
is coming from I heard it oh it's a fire
truck
so they're taking her to the hospital
hey so turns out everything's fine
I got to the hospital as soon as I got
here because like okay let's go we had
to be $40 fine for using the ambulance
even though he says it's okay cuz it let
us not wait in line at the Regency oh my
gosh the emergency room Lana it's like
on hours of waiting there's a current
yes so now we're on our way home
thank God everything's okay hey what
what I'm not gonna lie it was a little
scary and it was hard to breathe but
it's because of the post asel drip
excuse duck and Link lodging and making
me not kneel debrief yeah
all right so let's go home and make sure
the kids are okay Avenues a little said
it's not in my chest it's just my throat
that's not the same thing if there's my
chest and yeah I'd be concerned
better so mad at Nick for calling yeah I
do I do
