havanese had our hair in braids for two
days and so we took it out today and
it's so creepy check it out my god
Greinke it is oh and that pretty mm-hmm
do you like an avenue do you like it
Avenue yeah but we have to put your hair
up a little bit more for school right
yeah okay silly oh wait a few then ok
leave I decided that you didn't really
want to nap today I normally shank of
playing because he does sleep through
the night and he's never like once
gotten up in the night so I am trying to
keep myself awake because usually I nap
when he naps because for some reason I'm
up so late at night and like I just
can't shut my brain off and then I'm so
tired during the day especially like
around one or something hey so I got my
coke which is helping keep me awake so
that's good um and yeah I can't live
without coke so bad right and mr. Levi
over here did not nap again didn't you
hmm you know go sleep now no nope are
you in your goldfish mmm yummy he's
quite a little monkey and I really don't
like Wednesday's cuz Wednesday's are
when the garbage truck comes and leave I
went down for a nap um really good like
he didn't cry or anything and it was
probably like 20 minutes I've like pure
quiet and I knew he's sleeping I was
like oh yay and then the garbage time i
buy and of course he woke up screaming
and I think I'm to go back down
chuckle pot Isaac the way you gotta
listen to oh yeah you're gonna see me
maybe I was sleeping and the garbage
truck will come up yeah I know so we're
just having a little snack to wake
ourselves up a bit right cuz Malachi had
an appt yesterday but not today so yeah
Wednesday's are the worst day cuz that
garbage truck is so noisy it doesn't
matter if I put him down earlier or
later the garbage truck always comes
when he's sleeping matter what I am so
frustrated and I'm tired really tired
yes well we went surprise napanee I met
her halfway down the street on her walk
home from school and the girl that walks
her home was telling me that there was
an assembly at the school and I missed
it an omni forgot to tell me I did not
leave her mo okay she didn't know it's
okay but she's saying a song and I
missed it did you sing a song Oh would
you play what instrument did you paint
sticks sticks together or sticks like on
like a drum cool had the song go
hey you don't want to do it huh you
don't want to do it now okay you don't
have to will you do it for me off camera
no oh man see I missed out had a good I
had to go there mmm bummer that's okay
probably know about it Hey look at your
leave I helped Walker adminis umbrella
home he held it the whole time did you
hold the umbrella yeah did you have any
yeah are you good helper was that fun is
that fine look at you owe money in the
dirt I have levi wrapped in a blanket
cuz it's full windy it's so windy right
now yeah and the zipper broke on his
jacket so I can't even do is jack it up
so bums avenues to go inside and wash
your hands cuz she's playing with a worm
yeah and I had blood on it yuck okay go
wash your hands you did love and Evan
brother to you yeah yeah today when I
was at work had the worst allergies like
my nose wouldn't matter for me I
couldn't stop sneezing it was so gross
it was like the worst of high but he's
still hungry look we gave all this
different stuff to eat he didn't like
any of it so gotta because a toast now
oh yeah I had the worst holidays today
and now I'm starting just now to feel a
little bit better but I just want to lie
down to sleep do you have allergies ever
special worsening it's like you can't
breathe and you're being suffocated by
air just from like natural air totally
sucks and I'm an outdoorsy type of a guy
and I never get to I can't like I can't
cause I didn't just enjoy it because of
the stupid stuff flew around
air gives me ecology problems are so I
wanted to go and make a whole bunch of
videos say I went to a bunch of stores
and stuff on my lunch break and then I
go to get my camera and I got it and I
forgot to put a stinking memory stick
inside the thing so I wasn't able to
make any of the videos so I widow my
lunch break to get some stuff for my
gardening I know it's a little bit late
but I'm going to try and start to plant
some seed so I got this jiffy speed
starter thing I wanted to get the ones
with a little peat moss starter things
but they had were also that this was the
last one too and I went to like three or
four stores this was the last one I
could find it was in my own stinking
town of course right and I got some kung
pao hybrid hot peppers and some
jalapenos because I gotta have my hot
peppers and I didn't have any seeds if
you saw my video yesterday I didn't have
any seats for that and then on top of
that it's got some soil to fill up that
tray some body so I'll just some cheap
stuff I think all this together cost me
like 10 bucks so it was really
affordable and I don't have enough money
to go into the nursery and buy all the
starters that are already pre started so
I gotta do it myself in the sea trees
final be a good use for my new
greenhouse oh I got belly pretty strong
not me
ok
