mean I come here give me your bite you
can take a step over to mom take a step
Oh career hmm 00 major toes this is yeah
you keep hiding your toes in your pant
leg Oh where's your toes toes there they
are Oh money keep backing yourself up
into the corner hey he does Lisa corner
yeah come here me it's totes keep
getting stuck in his feeling the boys
are in the bedroom playing together
they're making a huge mess with they're
having so much fun it's so cute
valentine Scott oh I put his
dinosaurs on the on the crib like this
they're hanging it on on to the crib
which is kind of funny and creative
Malachi just out on a nice walk before
the rain comes hopefully we'll beat the
rain with avenues pushing her baby
brother in this stroller and he's loving
it he's having so much fun hey buddy you
make going for walks eight hey
I just saw like a whole pile of kids
probably age like 10 to 14 and they were
wearing shorts and t-shirts shorts and
t-shirt Malik I found a tree and he
wants to climb it so he's trying to find
up a little bit of it already Muffy
could do it up there mMmmm being cheered
on by his big sister you call me if you
need help you're okay look at he's on
the tree did it Malachi look you did it
again that's Mackey's grandma's that's
Mackey's grandma's house cool we had go
here we have to go there oh boy look
down let's go okay
where we going that way nobody's home
somebody's home there's no cars in the
driveway nobody's home where are they um
their way to deloitte see the way to put
it out to the movie theater right why
are you reading my crazy kids nothing so
funny with Mackey everything is Maki I
was just talking about what we're having
for supper and mal cause like I like
chicken pot pie I had that at Mackey's
house it was really good I had it when I
was three it's so funny go what are you
crying down in-house an aunt house Annie
inhale I'm home for ants where is an
avid e show me the ants me down here I'm
not like I don't switch them look at the
mall oh no bunch of them there's holes
everywhere and they're climbing all over
the place here no Malachi we don't smush
ants it's not nice they're not doing
anything to bug us Joey smush me urz
tamam wait mushi askin you ants
everywhere look at their kid lon was
carrying something why oh look at me
with a little tiny hole cool look it's
like we got our own little mini personal
ant farm hmm what do you think about the
ants ebony yeah good hows it you think
about them you like watching them are
they cool
so this crawl for you and tickle you yep
but if that is happening and Levi's
thing they like to scream at each other
all right sure we get going yeah all
right what are we gonna go do now a bini
going camping yeah
