hey what's up guys so I have a video on
our channel of me and Molokai plane that
ukulele together and Alex commented
saying hey well there's a cool ukuleles
man and then we started chatting back
and forth and I mentioned Tim that I
have a new ukulele
totally rocks and I wanted to do a
little video for you Alex to show you
the new canoe that I got anyways this is
it
this pretty sweet is a kala k AC e model
it's got a built-in tuner and pickup
system so if you're planning to like do
some recording or whatever and maybe you
don't have a mic this is a good setup
for you a lot of people like to just mic
there you please but I like to be able
to really adjust the different balances
of it on the computer so I like to plug
into but yeah this is a really really
nice ukulele I mean it's definitely the
best one I have a rad and one of the
when you get into a nicer higher end you
Calise you guys are like tuning every
five seconds and it always sounds crisp
and good as I create as soon as we're
playing it so I'm gonna play it a little
bit for you and you can kinda see how it
sounds a buddy's gonna hold the camera
for me because she can't sleep cuz her
tooth is too quickly and I told her stop
playing with it and she's sitting here
wiggling it okay girl you want to hold
it very perfect right here it's playing
right now okay are you gonna play a
little something on my ukulele
I'm not like a pro ukulele or anything
but I really like it I really really
like it I hope you like it - you like it
thanks for subscribing Alex and thanks
for the comments love it
