so I have to lead worship at my church
on Sunday I'm not like tomorrow Sunday
but like week sunday and so I was just
going through our worship team site and
just picking some songs and I was just
like um god he just show me what songs
you want me to do and I had like a
couple that I was choosing between and I
was just kind of like I just kind of
left it kind of brought them out on like
Microsoft Word kind of thing just saying
what songs that I was thinking about
doing a quick like six and and then it
was so funny because my sister gave me
an envelope with money in it from like
my favorite chef and I am happy tummies
being silly um Kate Anthony's video
Jesus okay that's Albanese hand doing
that ok I am going cool to tell
everybody so I get the envelope that has
the money because yeah like Vicki camper
shares my values and then on the other
side of the envelope I don't know my mom
must have written it down or something
like that i'm like think he's like Scott
paper and it says did you see it break
my heart for what breaks yours and one
of the songs that I was spying on doing
was the song hosanna by brooke fraser
and that is the bridge of the song so
like how cool is that so I'm totally
doing that song on Sunday now because
that was really like a sign that just to
do that song I just want to share that
yeah that was so cool can't go okay um I
was just a bunch of vacuum and I
remembered this video I saw her the guy
sucks up her hair and puts a current
points up with a little girl so you put
a haircut sick on the end good thinking
that good I'm going to suck it up and
then push this off on tues leaving
Oh
russian
elastic where's the vacuum all right
let's see okay go that's a poor daddy's
version of a pony tis the vacuum elastic
fail video yeah I think yeah the dad's
used to shop back oh I shot back ah
that's cool though yeah and Levi's
clinging to mommy like crazy right now
like climbing up me because he hates the
vacuum he needs it so much who you yeah
who doesn't like it yeah I get it wait
for me so as a kid I always got it
Easter present on Saturday morning after
a big pay cut and so I wanted to pass on
that tradition to my kids um so I got
them each other Easter present to open
so they're gonna open them um they're
just going through their Easter fine
right now so where do you find Tatum
okay guys your Easter presents are right
there if you want to bring them over
here on the middle left floor yes the
pink ones yours yeah bring it over here
will pink tissue-paper she's looking at
this trip over here so we can see go sit
over there yes we can see all right look
how fast i got you sunglasses so you
have your own pair of sunglasses now but
it looks fuzzy because of the light
coming in the window where'd you get any
shows what you want who's on your shirt
Jessica hopper what color is it watch
your manners real black and yellow do
you like it you like it
yeah favorite color yeah you got another
car you like it oh it's a girly car oh
yeah ok so Vic inna are doing our Easter
egg hunt for the kids and we're hiding
eggs and stuff everywhere it's really
fun and we're hiding also hot wheels
cars because the we thought it'd be fun
for them to drive I like so cool all
those cars stuff like that so they have
to find all their stuff plus Hot Wheels
cars
I see it's dark you like that super cool
eh you want stand on the stool so you
can see ya okay hey let's get a B night
cream huh cool oh yeah it's like a
headband what oh sorry they like Ray
abney there is grandpa and Malachi going
to look at something called some
bicycles here is Malachi looking at some
bikes let's see if we can see what bikes
Malachi would want come over this way
come see what about here there that's a
spider-man 1 we have a spider-man bike
let's see if you can ride it he's
getting on a spider-man one first let's
see if Malik I can ride it he's trying
out the spider-man bike
well spider-man bikes too big here comes
Malachi trying the yellow bike
now he's trying to lightning mcqueen
bike let's do so Malachi which bike you
like here you like hot wheels do you
like the moon rider do you like
lightning mcqueen which one do you like
you want which one you like spider-man
bike it's a little spider-man like them
do you want to try a smaller spider-man
bike Malachi's gonna try the superb last
bite whoa look at him go on that one let
me push back that's the breaks bye
spider-man bike where you going
spider-man bike coughs on the Hot Wheels
can you make this sound again Oh what
sound does it makin whoa okay get going
here he goes oh he's writing the Hot
Wheels bike whoa oh he stopped mark I
got a new spider-man bike oh come walk
the rest the keys here Oh has lice
awesome look it even has a guard for
your hand so when you're riding like it
what comes up it blocks it are you gonna
take it for all right oh I'll get you
home let's go find us on me show me how
you ride your bike is the amazing
spider-man bike so how you get on climb
in the back tires all right let's see
you know where the break starting up
which backwards to get the brakes to
work ready set go oh yeah nice job you
turn around turn around you gotta turn
are you gonna go to Mac he says okay see
ya tell Macky I said hi okay
too much gap Oh grandpa only okay see ya
by riding this bike be getting so big
man riding his bike all by himself ah ok
so I'm just going over my aunt's house
for our family easter dinner got
microkernel board just in case someone
wants to bring it it's pretty excited
we're pretty late actually supposed
starting to but it's like quarter after
two so I'm kind of walking fast and as
I'm talking I'm running out of breath
because I'm so out of shape so we're
gonna play croquet and I'm gonna win
properly here's what happens you put
food in front of me it gets destroyed
okay Jade your dish it wasn't there do
you wanna give a shout out to anybody
back in the swamp oh I don't know come
on pressures on man measures a hunt
think it's a name just everybody in the
SWA that everybody in this wall but
maybe if you don't know Jay he's whole
area got flooded so he had a canoe out
of it maybe i'll post a video for
something you see cuz he already posted
on somewhere else but it's pretty funny
here's what the cat does to my over
there he's so fat they better call me
Olivia convey let's take a big blob who
can be used as a proof is a finely
people are treating me the way I was
supposed to be treated all my life this
is what happens when you invite city
people to a farm thing it's still
something everywhere all over the ground
the city people wreck every day I try to
blame the baby yeah then they try to
bend this innocent
oh yeah like I you light a guy a gift
and what you do spills his drink all
over it oh man what's wrong ah yes so
we're playing wii party and i am the
winner yes be blue on the top no one can
stop me I unstoppable this is John it's
not easy boy thing that's Maddie she's
in Paris okay so I just finished my shop
at Walmart had to pick up a bunch of
things well it's right by the beach I
was thinking I had the weirdest list of
stuff add this coaxial cable that i
bought i got clean away from my car and
I got baby granola bar thingies and
faceplate cover for my plug for the wall
thank the hole in the wall you're
talking like a plugin whatever you want
to cover yeah so I thought man rivers
caching the office they're probably
thinking this is like a weird shopping
list with this guy doing tonight
definitely isn't party over is he
