doesn't wanna be in his chair but watch
how happy i'll make him i'm gonna give
him a cupcake it's gonna be instant stop
crying let's see let's see okay care to
stand yeah what's that maki my coffee
and he instantly stops crying yeah you
got a cupcake and not a party for so
much cupcakes ever had is me oh ok lah
so I just went and hit a couple of
chocolate bunnies for the boys to find
us for a little bit of fun so I'm just
going to record them finding them should
be amusing ok ready mark yes it go so
three each guys three each look look
around see you can find there just in
this room okay did you find one Steven
know what are you doing on the floor no
they're not under couches no they're
only in the living room they're only in
this room Malachi Marie oh ok
Stephen Tomlin maokai look up look up
where you are oh where you were standing
before never mind what gear you're so
close to win TC when I can look up look
right in front of you look at the
computer screen there you go okay you
got two more to find okay no not yet you
got to find them all first ok keep
looking they're only in the living room
only in the living room only in here not
in the kitchen well pair I'll hold it
for now if you want ok ok keep looking
two more two more each keep looking
try the back of the chair Malachi
Stephen try the other lampshade not
behind the chair on the back of the
chair Malachi on the back of the chair
Kitchell Stevens anyone will hemlock hi
there you go good yeah okay so there's
two more left okay I'm gonna give you a
hint okay the last two are by the TV by
he there by the TV the last two of them
so you gotta look by the TV both of you
there's there's two don't worry there's
one each ah no i rambling okay Steve
right now look down by the movies yeah
did you get it oh yeah duh you guys
found that with that fine yeah yeah that
good hiding mm-hmm all right you guys
have one and I'm gonna have lunch okay
okay it was fun for me to watch so I
knew leave I was acting tired if I
didn't know he was this tired I haven't
even like God his lunch even close to
being ready I just put him in his chair
and started making lunch and he already
fell asleep like within like three
seconds okay so tired it's not even
eleven o'clock
nate I'm not even nap time hey hoppy hey
can I move on to his bed though you
might wake up but I kind of wanted to
eat lunch and then go have a nap but
it's hard to know what to do huh like
you can like get one because you came
yeah fine Wow hey no don't color on your
hands come on the egg if you get some on
your hand it's okay but I'm do it on
purpose Malik I don't get it on you you
home yeah that's right what I need haha
waiting but ya can't own way and then
huh oh oh look at some gonna meet you
forgive me when I i mean i get x LP ok
oh I better go see what the boys are
doing Wow check out the eggs are
decorating we dyed them and now they're
coloring them with more
her um excuse me okay what do you think
you're doing oh look in there don't
color on your hands hey only on the egg
so when I told them that they could hi
just one second when I told them that
they could get marker on their hand that
it was okay when they were color eggs um
he took it that he could take a marker
and just color his hand that's not what
I meant malachite no more okay no more
just color the egg I see you race when
Stephens got some stickers on his now
too mm-hmm oh they're awesome nice hot
Oh heart oh that's nice good job is your
sound you're gonna wash your hands is
what you're gonna do Hey look what this
little monkeys starting to do yeah just
stay behind in case he falls backwards
are you starting to climb the stairs
look at no one taught him that he just
did all by himself
to do that all by yourself speak you go
you're almost there bud he figured that
all out by himself I'm not right Big
Sisters happy she's proud of him or two
yeah look what you did levi yay clap
your hands yay for me I did it can't
believe they I didn't I didn't you know
copies ones come on this way Levi
speaking you're losing a big ali serious
love the camera frizzy he's playing that
leave Isaac if you give me your mr.
moving your feet you lost your pants
when you climb the stairs I just want to
give a special shout-out to my friend
Alex lasell who watches a bunch of our
videos and I basically known him since I
was like 13 or something like that he's
my he's actually my brother's wife's
brother yeah my brother's wife's brother
and we knew each other before they got
married so it's cool we were actual
friends not like I have to be friends
with him because he's my sister-in-laws
brother it's like hey there's my friend
Alex you know I mean anyways what's up
Alex what's up hi my name is
butterscotch and I get given to good
little girls who listen in class all day
long ebony got this bear because she was
a good listener if you're a good
listener in your school in your
classroom you get to take butterscotch
oh hi come but is good great ab me
Ashley now she's gonna catch
butterscotch how do you ready catcher
ready now are you ready no no no
yeah oh yeah oh did it laughs you know
kimbo yes tryna get this right yeah you
gotta try so last night i got a new
video game and i was waiting for it to
hit delivered to me for so long and I
said to Vicki I kept finding I get my
Meganium I get my dinner I know that was
jugging my package yes ok so i was like
to get my package which was the game she
has ain't no no no dude come to income
i'm likely mean it didn't cover should
be here and then one day she's sorting
through some letter she's like oh here's
your thing that you were waiting for
this whole time since he had it so
tonight I'm going to be playing my new
game it's a Pikmin 3 and I'm going to be
recording it too so if you want to check
it out go to my other channel gamers
vantage point and you can see all the
cool videos I have whatever she thinks
it doesn't matter forgettable for
package no i don't what if I get a
letter say hey Nick check it out you got
a letter say or something she ever do
that you can't have it no you can't have
it yeah look look you can't have it no I
