my sweet little boys having a little
morning nap the other boys are in the
bedroom playin they're having a lot of
fun and actually getting along so I
don't want to bother them to putting
Levi down in there so I just made a
little makeshift bed for him in my bed
now he's in bed sleeping I can clean up
this disgusting messy house everywhere I
look there's a mess we were like busy
all weekend long so I haven't had a
chance just to do like a good thorough
clean and it is so over to and I just
want this house to be glaring so I'm
going to start picking stuff up off the
floor apiece so what's not even do my
job so both Malachi and my daycare boy
Steven I wore jeans and baseball caps
today and it looks so cute check them
out oh yeah oh yeah they're gonna
breakdance for you oh yeah what yeah oh
you slip whoa seen almost at the splits
cool moves dudes and you can see the
messy house in the background for the
boys are playing so good together this
morning they like made little lot little
beds you should see this it isn't
Malachi's bed and it's got all the
baskets under it and stool then these
guys par blanket for the pillows and
then Stevens got a big pile of a bed
over here pillows and car mats us or
blanket very nice good job looks good
look who's up Levi look aft hi buddy did
you have a good nap oh look here
brothers come and say hi Oh careful he
wants that flashlight Steven he's going
for it he's a week
don't mind the mess of hair but it's
rather I'm telling you you should see it
outside right now just so easy you can
actually hear the wind like through the
windows well if you can see it but it's
like raining and like the trees are
blowing like crazy it is so windy can
you hear it
here that winds crazy Oh always makes me
nervous with these trees blowing so hard
a lot of their had a lot of dead
branches on them we at one branch fall
down and it just missed our car it was a
huge giant granite landed on the
driveway but it was like right beside
our Carnac just missed it we were so
lucky and we're just always liked rose
so I don't like windy days leave i'm
steven are being really silly they're
watching a show about kangaroos and she
was very jumping kangaroo and like
levi's trying to copy him but you know
he hit jump he's getting stand on his
own but it's really amusing to watch so
funny what you doin Levi are you jumping
so today everybody is pooped out from
the zoo trip that we went on your show
you right guys you're you build this
puzzle cause you pooped yeah fum de Mayo
to group no result when a turtle you
guys so poop you gotta build puzzle oh
yeah that's rough oh man cool wall yeah
in the river
everything of the thing likkle but Mike
etchebarren could go to this new don't
huh you want to go to do every single
day yeah Marshall what Marky go so I
house already he did he buy 10 laigo 10
he goes oooh oh cool oh fun oh wait hey
so Mackay has his own Legos ooh that's
pretty cool wish I had a zoo Lego so I
just finished editing our um what is it
called Arzu video i just finished
hitting your zoo video and it's like 20
minutes long it took me so long to edit
it I had to cut a lot of stuff out to
and nikki hasn't even watched it yet
he's gonna watch it why are you
recording me in bed in my jammies I'm
doing laundry I don't know why try out
no no get it there anyways oh she kid
throw stuff at me yes it took me forever
to edit so if you don't watch the whole
thing it's okay I don't mind but like
skip through different parts you see
cool animals like you drawn to watch
whole thing but like skip along and see
if you can find like cool animals and
stuff but yeah it was really fun but now
i'm so tired cuz i was up so late
editing that video and i want to just go
to bed Vicki's in here doing laundry and
watching movies I was a really long time
Avery we need for my towels to be done
in the wash like a fish them to the
dryer before bed it's where you trying
to say I'm not gonna be asleep for
another I need 15 minutes
oh I don't have 15 is so yeah I'm gonna
go to see why don't care people care if
you care comment below that I care I
want to know what's going on I care of
Nick start I want to know that kind of
stuff and if you don't what do you want
the same thing just turn it just turn it
up if you if you think that this is
boring guys right just turn it off
goodbye
they're really
