hey guys so everybody in my house is
sick right now then be sick I'm gonna
tick Vicki sick and Levi sick I guess
not everybody my pen I don't have a bit
of runny nose but they're not like
really bad I'm not sick yet but I don't
know how I can avoid it with a real
snake so today we're supposed to go to
the movies and i'm going to try a new
recipe and first I just got to clean up
this big ol mess of a kitchen again so
I'm gonna do that make my tea recipe for
lunch edit some vlogs got a busy day
hey guys I just finished my baby spinach
soup and it looks really good I'm
excited to try it all right here we go
pretty good a little citrusy I think
next time i will add a smaller lemon
because this time i did lemon I was
really big is it out of lemons oh ok
next time I think I'll do half a lemon
but tastes good good flavor you guys
want to see the recipe i'll post it on
this channel and you can watch I'm gonna
do my recipes separate from the daily
vlogs so you want to see it go check it
out just finished doing an interview
with Deb from Vancouver BC and two
assessments of questions about the
YouTube channel and what it's like to be
a family vlogger so that was pretty
interesting thanks step for reaching out
to us and doing that I really enjoyed
meeting you malachi just telling me a
cool song that he remembers for when he
was a baby he says let's hear ya
sergeant anything done the soul is the
bus car it is the buck but the market
anything to get that's all I know
that's all you remember yeah cool song
hey guys so abney malke and I are
getting ready to go to that movie like
this ha don't touch those big sharp went
away
about this same thing just free over
there AB knees working because she got
all these toys and she's not allowed to
have him till she's earned enough money
to pay for them great Avenue same spot
as the other one so every day she has to
clean the table and clean up all the
dishes for breakfast lunch and dinner so
that's how she's paying for it so then
Cheers fifty cents a day and then when
she gets up to enough money then she can
buy one of the things what are you doing
big elephant over here yeah we're
getting excited go to the movies we're
at the movies and they just give away
two free backpacks but we lost so we
just got back from the Elven and chick
month movie have any milk I really liked
her eighth Avenue I know you're freezing
the movies eh yes I'm so cool I need to
hear warm so bad hey for the lead a
blanket haha so how do you liked it mark
I was laughing sore the old-time get all
kinds like the movie yeah what exact
rocks for my rock collection these are
rocks real rock collection he had in
your pocket Oh plank on my pocket here
to Disney like a bucket okay so yeah it
was a lot of fun and I'm glad that we
did it's nice when the school does like
the really cheap movie night like that
for families
