funniest thing happened to me today with
one of my daycare kids oh my goodness
she is going to be an actress or
something okay so I was downstairs and
the boys for watching a movie was quiet
time and she was upstairs supposed to be
napping and then I had my littlest one
head Levi um cuddling with me and trying
to kind of nap as I say at the same time
not me the baby and all I had the
monitor on and I can hear her like
jibber jabbering happily upstairs and
I'm just like oh hopefully she falls
asleep soon you know kind of thing but
she's happy she's totally fine and then
all of a sudden she goes someone's in
the room and I hear this on the monitor
and then she's like it was like this
desperate cry for help like she was
scared out of her mind like something
terrible happened or was gonna happen or
something and I mean it was like it
terrified me and I had like Levi like
all cuddled up sleeping on me and so I
like I like scooped him up and I like
ran up the stairs as fast as I could and
like still trying to keep Levi sleeping
and then I like I dash into the room and
I'm like Brianna was wrong and I'm like
so panicked for her right like she
sounded absolutely terrified and I go
into the room and she goes oh I just
telling you a story I'm like what she
said did you like my story I telling a
story Vicki and I'm like that was story
I'm like are you okay she's like shake
yeah yeah I'm fine like she was totally
mine she wasn't scared of the leaf she
goes because I wasn't really crying
Vicki like as if I was so silly for
thinking that she was actually crying oh
my goodness she gave me like a heart
attack seriously I was so scared if you
heard her on the monitor you would have
been like oh my goodness like like that
was the most terrified child I've ever
heard and then she wasn't scared at all
she was just teasing she was telling a
story
was a story she was telling me on the
monitor like too funny Courtney and Erik
you have one funny given be an actress
little girl so I have the worst headache
of my entire life of how to all day at
work I have to stare the don't of your
screen and then Vicky is leaving tonight
and like 40 minutes 30 minutes thanks
Vicki all you have things so thank you
thank you four give me an extra toe miss
I gotta somehow get rid of my headache
in 10 minutes sucks hey bu whoa yeah I'm
gonna get I'm gonna give leave ipad for
the first time you want to have a pepper
oh I see yeah see like that it's got a
lot of flavor you like it yeah mmm you
like it got you it there's no way to
have the light on in the laundry room
without the fan on so I'll just try to
be loud and talk over it but I wanted to
show you some of my clothes in the
laundry room today and I'll tell you
what happened to my clothes so here's my
my awesome oxyclean that helps me out so
much in the laundry department so we've
got let's see this undershirt and this
pair of pants oh what's this oh this is
my pair of pants yeah my pair of pants I
don't think you can see it now but today
I got who don and it was disgusting
and I was upstairs and I had a line down
on the mat and I he didn't like he
didn't smell like poo at all like it was
not like stinky and I just thought I'd
like a full diaper just full of pee so
of course I just like take his pants and
I just ripped them off and of course
when I'm like whooping off his pants
what do you think happens the poo that's
in the pants because it was one of those
gross spoons that goes all the way down
the leg to their toes and I flung off
pants oh and it was it did leak through
like it wasn't the expiry Ross I totally
wouldn't notice that no it wasn't um the
Pooh flung up at me and it covered my
paint all over the bottoms are sitting
cross-legged on the floor and and then
it got on my sock and it was disgusting
and I tell Nick about this today and
what do you think he tells me well why
did you log about it yeah that's what I
was thinking I was thinking oh I just
got pooed on I should grab the camera it
was just really really Nicholas so I
said I'll tell everybody about it but
that was not what I would that was on my
mind at all so it was really gross and i
quickly changed him and got him all
cleaned up and then I ran into my room
and got changed because it was so gross
and all the kids and the daycare kids
were all around me and they were like
all laughing psych who on me was it
Bigfoot
you
