so happy and I are sitting down to a
healthy snack are you have any do you
Lucius do you like all that stuff what
stuff don't like broccoli oh my god Rafi
doesn't taste like this but it tastes
gave you dip it try one little bite of
one dips you like it no it is better
cooked there's a much better times but I
didn't feel like good hands so I figure
out a bit hey guys so it's a slow sunday
afternoon so I decided to do some bakey
because you know me like to make food so
I got a pie in there ready to go and I'm
making some bread Vicki's feeling
terribly sick I have a really bad cold
her and libby both yeah maybe sounds
terrible all the time when she wakes up
I'll see if I can get her to make some
noises for you sounds like that when
you're an adult and you lose your voice
or sound fun either she sounds like his
sad I just got her down the bed she was
sleeping on me for a long time to expand
its very often so I'm gonna bake some
fresh kids and hopefully I'll make
everybody feel better hey guys here's
Libby not feeling good Oh looky Libby is
there's a little sick christ so sad go
get her great news guys the bread turned
out fantastic here's the bread the pie
tanner go to even do more delicious in
the bread and I went grocery shopping
got tons of edge so I should be able to
make lots of good food tomorrow
so I'm excited to cook tomorrow and I
got some of these because I've never
cooked before bean sprouts they are so
delicious I cannot wait to eat them YUM
guys look at this Libby is doing this
funny thing and she's so excited because
I'm copying her this do you do it this
is it bud
you
