today I am so tired you ever out of
those days where your eyes are just
burning like they're literally on fire
because you want to just close them but
you can't because you're at work and at
my job I have to look at a computer
literally all day long so like I'm and I
have to read stuff so I'm saying they
were like of looking at the computer
reading trying so hard to keep my eyes
open just like people are like talking
to me and stuff and I really want to
listen to what they're saying with like
I'm just separately use every ounce of
concentration in my body to focus on
that person it was really tough I'm
pooped everybody's pooped I improved
mommy's pooped Levi spoon yeah mr. 25
minute nap Ebony's pooped like we're all
ready to go to sleep we're like a big
giant pile of poo d tired Vicki I'm so
exhausted but you look hot with yourself
okay so um I really want to improve my
vocals in my charge skills so I've
decided to do two things one is I'm
going to play guitar for at least ten
minutes every single day yeah at least
10 minutes I'm average right now I'm
pretty good but I'm not like expert in
it and then the other thing I'm going to
do is I'm going to sing and practice my
vocals at the same time for 10 minutes
every day and the third thing I do is
going to pray every day and be like God
can you please give me the skills that I
need to be really good at this so I can
use them in turn to play worship for you
so that's what my goal is so every day
for 10 minutes you guys gonna hold me
accountable for that what do you want to
do what okay wants to watch turbo right
now I asked them to posit while I made
this quick video you want to watch a
ring out writing out you don't want to
wait cool you have to do this turbo
turbo turbo get to say it wait you stop
here to see turbo turbo tariff up to her
bow oh yeah you go anyways so yeah hold
me account of high and so incredibly
exhausted today I did not feel like
doing anything I just wanted to sleep
all day but that's not possible when you
work and you're a mom of three so um
tonight it is now seven and the kids are
all in bed not sleeping mind you but
they're all in bed that 10 routines all
done and I need to go out and go grocery
shopping I loathe grocery shopping
especially when I feel the way I do when
I'm so tired I could just crawl in the
bed and sleep like four days so yeah I
didn't really do many videos today
because I don't really do much today and
thankfully I had some chicken cooked up
so I just threw that into a chicken pot
pie for supper tonight and that was
simple and easy to throw together so at
least suffer with it a nuisance tonight
and yes now I've got my meal plan for
the week and I'm gonna go and buy what I
need to feed my family and I'm gonna buy
some like snack foods and foods to pack
and avenues lunch and hopefully I won't
be too long I do know that I need
diapers oh that reminds me I have to go
get the coupon I have pampers keep on
upstairs and I almost forgot it so Wow
good reminder Vicki so I have my flyers
to do my price matching I have my
grocery list the things that I need so
I'm ready to go and then I have to hurry
back because I have a live paper chef
meeting tonight uh like online through
this thing at nine o'clock so i have two
hours well less than two hours so i
better go yeah okay so I'm ready to go
I'm in the van and I'm just about to
leave and I think I have her thing I
remember my returns I've got my coupon
so I should be all set and I just love
getting into the van and it smelling so
nice I've thought if you sent see like I
don't with their call but like those air
fresheners for your cars i guess and
it smells so good so no matter how messy
and dirty the van may be cluttered and
full of junk and gunk it is a it is um a
family vehicle but um this sat Nick
takes it to work all the time so it ends
up looking like this um so it's not
really well cared for but at least it
smells nice so shout out to my sister
Amy who sells sensi it's awesome so i'll
put a link at the bottom so if you want
anything you can contact her okay thanks
just got home from grocery shopping and
it was pretty good it's only
eight-thirty so have a little bit of
time to put the groceries away and then
getting on my paper chef call for nine
but one good thing about it was that I
forgot my flyer to price-match and I am
one of those people that like writes out
a whole list and I said this is what I
need and then see if it's on sale then
stuff that I knee is on sale then I like
get that flyer and circle it and then if
it's cheaper another store then I get
that flower then that Flyers cancelled
out and I take a lot of time and I
receive money as much as I can so um I
forgot my flyer that it's gonna pray /
my cereal with and the Syrian was like
four dollars and I was price-matching it
for 244 so thankfully the cashier um was
really nice and she was like I trust you
I believe you she was like um I've seen
you here before and I know that you
price match diligently like oh great so
now like I'm recognized as the price
matching person so it was kind of kind
of funny sorry there's just a car so i
just love Tiffany's um so yeah it was
really funny and I'm hoping that I'm
going to go inside and that my wonderful
husband has tidied up and cleaned up the
kitchen for me because I left it in
quite a disaster didn't even clean up
the supper dishes I just laughed as soon
as I could because I knew I had to get
back in time um so I'm hoping that it's
all clean but we shall see and now I get
to do the worst of it which is go and
put away the groceries it
so my wonderful husband that I was just
talking about in the car did not clean
kids are currently high with God okay
let's set the record also straight you
didn't ask me clean me kami I have to
ask him to clean it no are we doing it
right when I was bringing the groceries
in yeah but like I mean you're not sayin
it can you play in the kitchen I just
started doing look at this disaster okay
this disaster isn't for me less I
never said that I already said I left
the kitchen a disaster Here I am slaving
away I had your record video oh my
goodness so I have another channel it's
called gamers vantage point and I record
my name's miss your name I came up with
him over some of it so I record video
games and stuff and so I just got this a
game and I'm trying to record it and
it's like the longest game like you have
to read so much up so in other words
instead of Lee in the kitchen he played
video games that's pretty much all it
comes down to yes that's pretty much it
I played video games set up a magician
yeah so what so I'm guilty that's right
ten pieces oh well I'm gonna put the
groceries away and then I gotta get on
my paper chef calls so I don't want to
clean ok booty
you
