its morning time ah I'm really tired so
I'm a little bit grouchy actually but uh
yeah the kids are at Grandma's house
separately vibe we picked him up last
night yay I say hi behind you he's got
the stinkiest bread this morning like it
smells like he eat a piece of poo like
it smells so bad it's so so bad yeah
it's pinky we'd wake him up this morning
he was still sleeping yeah hi sis I know
hi he's a kimmy thai food man anyway
talk to you so I go pick up the kids and
all that kind of fun stuff I am so
excited today because I look at my hair
down mm-hmm I'm really really pumped
about it because thanks to me and my
video games yeah you saw the video and
but I'm so excited because I feel like
blip and like the figure here done makes
you feel so much better and like
refreshed and stuff and I'm ready to
just throw caution to the wind and just
maybe even cut off like some of my life
like not have long blonde hair
like I'm just going to be Gary since
they do whatever I think yeah she's
gonna go in there and she be like dude I
don't even care what you think to do
whatever do whatever you think is best
wait I don't care what I think do
whatever you think is best and then our
friend ashley is gonna be coming here
just gonna cut it whatever imagine she
kind of like so short like it I'm gonna
get it kind of like it too like you're
here short short well you said whatever
do whatever you think looks best yeah
and you're gonna say do whatever i'm
thinking like I would talk about it oh
okay there's a difference between the
same do whatever you think is best and
only cut off one inch like nothing's
crazy just crazy and he was getting his
hair trim today yeah for the first
haircut to get his be news which is like
a haircut place for kids yeah yes it
like a little car or something so he's
he's gonna get this solved teamed and
taken care of so he look so he and clue
not that he doesn't know what I'm just
saying he looks so much more grown up oh
woe is me oh man I don't want to get my
hair cut its give me so horrible no it's
nice gave me the best you gotta eat no
but he's a party animal is worrying oh I
just want to give a special shout-out to
Ashley sued or because she gave the
nicest feet facebook post about our
channel and stuff and it was really cool
so thank you ashley we appreciate it and
you know for all the people that have
subscribed to us so far and liked our
channel and everything like that like we
really appreciate we really enjoy doing
these vlogs and it is a bit of work but
my favorite part is like it in the
comments and all the likes and
subscribers to stuff like that and then
it just makes us feel like we're doing
something cool people are really into it
and appreciating it and like every now
and again Vicky will go out shopping or
so my dad and she'll run into somebody
that is watching our Channel live like
oh my gosh i watch all your shows this
is so cool and like we never we never
got a comment or anything like that or
so we just don't know right we don't
know what
people are saying that case off avg
unless we see them in real life and
they're like oh yeah I saw some of your
champ here she shows on oh yeah I do
yeah stay here sometimes looking like a
message from like a friend of facebook
but we really appreciate you guys and
keep liking keep subscribing and comment
on our videos and stuff because ok so
I'm going outside to get the car ready
to pick up the kids knew yesterday when
we're at the movies it has so warm and
ice outside anywhere my jacket well now
look winter wonderland there's like
there's like a good like four inches of
snow right there
only in Canada ah now i got brush off
the cars yeah dude that kind of dumb
stuff shovel the driveway oh no there's
no clouds to lead and come by and like
wrecked my whole driveway yet hopefully
this is the last note and it's spring
already just in case you were wondering
yeah walkman oh yeah just finished
shoveling offer all the drive little
cars and drive away stuff like that and
I can't help but think about the
shaytards and now they're in stupid a
orlando florida i think at the playlist
live must be nice oh there's Vicki she's
stuck she's stuck in the snow I got to
turn around and go help her I with the
other way she was she went away I don't
go that way is what is lost know because
he'll get stuck but I forgot to tell her
hey I turn around and go help her that's
so funny okay bye okay here's why Canada
rules so I just turned around and
there's already people stop there trying
to help to keep it pushing around that's
pretty sweet I got to go over there help
too but that's pretty cool yeah do it do
it did it they did it they did hit so i
didn't have to help that's pretty cool
so yeah that's why Canada rules I mean
all I did was drive to that corner and
turn around in the food court or food
basics and two people pulled over a
freaking health already hey so happen
email car back from Grandma and
Grandpa's did you guys have fun yeah
what did you guys do
you watch frozen with who I love that
movie I her grandma bought it for you
guys did she buy it for you yeah so we
can watch it anytime we want yeah yeah
that's nice so what'd you guys have for
dinner
you'll remember they don't remember
oh yeah my did leave IEP so too I am I
did you a pizza yeah like he's only
zoned out right now no he didn't have
any baby food you guys make those treats
for us yes i saw these yummy cupcake
years oh when tipped over oh me i'll eat
it it's okay it's all good those look
really yummy did you have decorate those
yeah well it looks so good you guys did
a great job and I might use the big boy
Oh big nights cuz you're a big girl i
love it like it like it yeah what's
pretty i'm very sure
thank you yes art and you're careful
right mm-hmm so Vicki I was like he get
stuck in the snow and at least I had
some nice guys that stopped to help
unlike someone who drove by and was like
I was turning around yeah he was from
their manly cause an accident he was
turning around but he's still laughed in
my face so I know what I say to that je
RK right there that was a nice guy so I
help it if by Tom accusing the scene the
problems are resolved no it's true he
did turn around he was turning around
but yeah I'm glad that they stopped to
help though because that was that not
fun and I knew it because the road
wasn't loud and I knew when I was coming
up to the light that I'm in it turned
red I was like crap because i had to
stop but i knew because i had to stop
that i was going to get stuck because
there was so much know and if I didn't
keep the momentum going and I was just
gonna get stuff that slippery spot you
can't not go through like I mean
it how do i say that properly you can't
not go through I don't know what you're
trying to say you can't go through when
it's a red light like you have to stop
okay your tree right so you sir they
said to stop the red light you so stop
don't apply any mature no you stop and
then turn right yeah but no John you how
to drive nobody i drive in canada and
you can't stop in a pile of snow but uh
dance with me all this snow it just got
dumped on us if you watch our video
yesterday doesn't look bad on this road
a beautiful spring day yesterday we need
you have to wear jacket and then today
it's actually not cold out but there's
so much snow like look at it look at the
roofs of the houses like there's so much
snow and it's just all right it's just
like fire um yeah so anyways now Vicki's
not agree to cart get her points89 3d
cake boxes levi's appointment and I'm to
drive there like 20 minutes
it's already ten after nine in the
traffic city back and I'm probably gonna
be late so you just give it
yeah I'm not going to get back he needs
his hair good any a sign its first i'ma
go drop kids on man nigga off at home
and I'm gonna go with a night get in
hopefully the roads are better where
we're going okay so avenue and i are
playing super mario alright apni and
then all of a sudden I'm Luigi AB knees
Princess Peach and all of a sudden more
yo comes into the game and start playing
wow that's were like who's Mario and
then we looked you on the side of bed
and Levi's got more yo yeah you got more
yo he's playing mario you play mario cuz
all of a sudden Moyes are jumping around
and everything right avni they were like
why don't we boy yo come from and he
made me loose yeah I made you fall off
edge leave I did that leave i play Mario
let's go ahead play okay x template okay
yeah hey mommy's out here so we're
playing on the chair we're spinning you
guys ready so I got my hair done and
it's so thin doubt it's like so smooth
and so easy and playful and just like
really easy run my fingers through like
she took off so much hair um I'm loving
it I feel so much lighter i don't think
i'll be getting headaches for a while
and of course he did the bangs just to
change it up a bit and i got so many
layers and colors and I
love it so huge shout out to Ashley
thank you so much for doing my hair you
rock and um yeah it was great I got to
show you the time though when i turn the
car on then you can see the time ok so
my appointment was 1030 and probably
talk for a little bit first and stuff so
I don't think we actually did till like
11 but right now do you see that it's
almost three o'clock they took so long
as I have so much hair but is a lot of
fun great company ok I just got home so
let's see everyone thinks about when
your hair uh huhs pretty cool it's
completely different than what I've ever
seen you look like yeah you a completely
different yeah you like it yeah put your
fingers through it what was so thick
haha it's like you're doing that hair
anymore the guys though I'd hair looks
so fairly even when I look at it like it
looks yeah it looks like you're wearing
a wig like that's how they are your wig
nothing it a bad man what do you think
do you like it do you like my hair
pretty tired yeah look at Avenue she's
sleeping well here's what happened look
here's that hey Sleeping Beauty when you
work out my camera yeah when you were
gone we were having some fun and I put
them in the Chairman we're spinning
around like crazy and they both got sick
you know abney like we were feeling like
nuts and I at me as I feel so sick and
he needs light now and then she fell
asleep and not die spun you guys too
much they can talk more and more and
more and more and i said no guys we need
to stop he did not I did we stop yes Ben
Levi did you know he's ok he's woke up
we think a Levi's haircut making a
handsome I know so grown up looking it's
all kind of theory big boobs let's be
still cuz you smashed it look at it go
handsome I think I like it nice guy get
used to it yeah it's good though but
it's gotta get used to yeah we were we
were gonna go like really bold and like
you like purple and then
and then have like big bold I thought
their wine blonde blonde chunk
highlights and stuff but we actually
said take baby steps so that maybe next
time and i'll definitely be going back
to her and it's funny cuz you're like I
want to get rid of all my gray hairs and
have all these like a white ah they're
not ready that's called blind okay but
it might as well be gray hair and I
didn't have that much gray hair begin
with no it's just kidding you don't have
anything anyways so Nick was saying that
he look it looks like there is purple in
it well there is it's actually violet
and old and brown violet in like a deep
brown like mixed together yeah cool why
doesn't it look awesome now you want to
go your hair done like this don't you
that's actually a website um so anyways
um yeah so hope you like it's always
nice sometimes and you just feel blah
just to go and do something different
and just to get your hair done just feel
so good and I can't tell you how good
this feels me lo put my fingers through
my hair is amazing um but yeah if you
need to just go get it done just it just
you just feel so much better about
yourself and it makes a difference in
how you come across and how you feel as
a person it really does affect how you
how you feel how you act because if I
have blonde hair I'm gonna be like blah
and I'm gonna know why where my
sweatpants I'm gonna want to just
whatever but now that I have like a nice
hair gonna want to do and take care of
it and like we're a nice outfit to go
with it and like you know then you're
gonna feel better by yourself things are
getting a god bless us with the money
guilty jeje daddy yes definitely without
that widows that blessing from God
whenever
exactly God totally blessed us so that i
could get this done and yeah guys
awesome
you
