ebony got home from school yesterday and
came home with pink all over her I did
you wear aprons I only wear aprons in
school and she said that she did but
somehow she got it all over the front of
her sweater so she's got paint here like
that all here right there here I thought
it was on her sleeves to green paint all
up the sleeves and this is like my
favorite sweater on her and it's so cozy
and goes with so much stuff so I'm a
little bummed and I'm hoping that it
will come out with some oxyclean or
something so I'm gonna give it a try
when Levi wants something he does
whatever he can to get it I put the
phone up on this stool here and you love
the phone so he is slowly going on his
tippy-toes he's trying to figure out how
can I get that phone I really want that
phone careful be careful he says I'm
almost tall enough look he's right on
his tippy-toes like it do you like to be
doing you're so close buddy okay so I'm
about to ship off some of my stuff I
sold I got my paintball stuff aside
these paper bags and Star Wars stuff
inside a shoe box that's what I need
money to get my wii u so I'm going to
bring this up in the post office and
ship it away hey ma why would you want
to say so you want to get Marky that
gift yeah that was his device present
form is birthday yeah but you want it
you want to take it to mackay zone
cuz Levi's too big for it yeah how old
is Maki gonna be called baby nappy oh
mikey has a baby yea yea big macky a
baby Mackey yeah oh not too is for ya
400 okay yeah it works Oh careful yeah
you don't want to break it no know where
it is Mac you live ah gamma house at
Grandma's house yeah I your grandma's
house no uh-oh his grandma's house oh
yeah go up shaking down house we have to
to your friend Mackay baby okay I can't
see me daddy's gonna take you to the
party yeah Oh whoopee it will be a long
toy I'll continue be there oh fun okay
yeah and auntie Melissa huh no they're
not gonna be they're just boys yeah boys
this maki dick mackey be me this is this
Maki Maki is bigger and bigger monkeys
bigger yeah he can't we wish wish like
whoa I can't talk
lima hi come on neck hey my mom me yeah
good correcting yourself what you doing
with leave hi are you eating his food
again oh let me by sharing this cookie
with you oh okay give it back hey sherry
no quit sharing guys are silly Sammy
brothers okay i just sold all my
nintendo stuff and i got a pretty big
chunk of cash worse on pretty pumped and
i bought a nintendo wii u oh yeah i
cannot wait to play that misses me um
and I still have extra cash I was gonna
buy like six Wii U games when I first
got so the stuff I already went on best
buy and all the other websites we should
put it filled up my shopping cart with
like everything that I wanted to get
played all the games and everything but
I've decided instead vicki has been
complaining about her hair for like as
long as I says leave i was born or
something like that like because she
likes to you have a nice and died and
thinned out and stuff cuz unlike me she
has a lot of hair watch it don't laugh
it wasn't meant to be a joke anyway so
she's got a lot of thick hair so it's
really she I don't know what it's like
but she says oh this is so heavy I can't
stand it she hates the way it looks
early cuz i got mouse hair it looks like
a mouse so I'm gonna surprise her in a
few minutes and
give her a bunch of money to go get her
hair done oh yeah which is a big deal
because we weren't tons of cash so like
she's gonna be like yeah so watch this
gonna be good okay so i'm home and vicky
just finishing up for supper reading a
book taking it easy living the life and
I i well you know that I got a surprise
for you you want it yeah boom go get
your hair done really really higher
angle bye week i did my wii and i was
gonna buy a bunch of games and stuff but
i wanted to give you some money get to
my dad's dead because i know it's a big
deal for you and you have mouse hair you
keep saying now that's a you say not me
that wasn't my thing that I say that was
her oh sorry now see you looking here
send me he neared colors a trend and you
posting that new profile picture of my
hero she posted this picture on her
facebook page and their hair was like
all done nice and she just wasn't
looking like a mega babe man she looks
so good that picture and that's not why
I gave you the money to do it that's
just coincidence she has been asking to
get her hair done lately so that's the
mean what do you want my birthday yes
what do you want Liberty leave i was
just in his high chair he just finished
his supper was out on the floor for like
10 minutes and the nig got home
I feel like when I picked up by his dad
and put that as an English holding him
and then Nick just tried to put him back
in the high chair and this is what
happened Jerry right sure does like this
splint Roger doesn't want to go back in
when I Gary hey come on can you see hey
he's like hi one dad i won yeah there's
a car he is doing here hi like climbing
up on you he says up now oh yeah I know
mary says he said up so good today hey
funny little baby mm-hmm love you leave
I daddy
okay so I'm trying to set up my wii u
here's all the stuff bump up a bone I
gotta hook it up Yankees the wii is
starting oh man it just finish like it
to our update and I was like yeah it's
gonna start now it's doing like do not
turn power off or a row disk cuz it's
updating again dang it so nothing
forever socks just want to check it out
as you can tell Vicki now you think it
to go out on that cool dado selling you
like a stray and sever home with the
kids eating it all instructors Levi
still week it's nine o'clock go to sleep
don't you wish we were out on a cool day
Trina yeah yesterday I was telling
everybody that we ever gone to a date
for a year waving on dmoz youthful one
doesn't count if he would we have it all
right you're running with it yeah 14 but
we're probably going on Friday right hey
Amelie all right maybe we'll go friday
probably not a maybe
