okay so we're about to head off to party
number two Levi's party so we just came
finished the animal exotic animal pet
show now we're going to levi's birthday
party at Vicki's mom's house man I'm
tired already but it's gonna be fun you
excited you guys excited for the next
party yeah that's where we're going
right now that's why we're gonna go see
grandpa Vicki's came from there how was
your pampered chef boy did you get
Dominator wetly it was good to see
people haven't seen in a while and catch
up with people and yeah cool I'm glass
sounds like it was good it's always eat
Osborne it's always good when I don't
have to make lunch or anything today
that's make lunch or supper so I'm happy
yeah we made a giant pot of macaroni
cheese for all the kids but you know
what they were really good kids to
everybody so it wasn't so bad anyway see
at the party whoa you playing with your
birthday balloon yeah whoa what you got
Mickey Mouse Mickey Mouse here Bernie
yeah levi's birthday party we're just
about to eat is having some fun look at
all the people we mean it in the blog
see our vlogs grid properly less people
want to be a part of it there you go
malachi chapter to the elimination for
the priests and now this emanation is
for you I'll priest if you do not listen
and if you do not set your hearts to
honor my names of the Lord Almighty
I will send a curse upon you yeah and I
will curse your blessings yes i have
already cursed them because you have not
set your heart to honor me because of
you i will review purity center style
spread on your faces the offal from the
festive sacrifices and you'll be carried
off with it and you will know that i
have sent you this hot add mo nation
because of my covenant with d by me
continue there's a little like my
comment was with him a covenant of light
and peace and i gave them to get this
call for reverence and he revered me and
stood in my name true instruction on was
in his nope nothing Paul was found on
his lips he walked with me in peace and
up righteousness and turned many from
sin from the lips of a priest lots of
preserved knowledge and from his mouth
literacy instruction Wow because he's
the messenger of the Lord Almighty this
is the words about me by a covenant that
God made with Levi Levi walk with God
Levi honor God Levi turned many from
sins and our prayer is a little Levi
grows up the same way but he will turn
many from his sins that he will he will
spread the good news and he will be ppl
on ur God and draw close to God
well pray Heavenly Father we thank you
for this day we thank you for those days
we celebrate the Vice first birthday we
thank you for your love and your grace
and versatile thank you for your Jesus
the greatest gift of all Harvey thank
you for this time together as family and
friends we pray for our time together
the Lord also prayed for this food sorry
force of your blessing for bodies in
jesus name amen amen drink a creeper
buddy Ricky fair we're it open some
presents
okay so we got all these cool cars and
now we're gonna want to know each other
go boy photobombing a vigil that's right
who's that this is what happens when you
me I'm sure whatever what is crazy
you just got oh yeah I was like we're
the heck's wish to be heroes are you
brave right because if we're into the
birthday cake we're looking anymore my
camera whatever's birthday cake I'll
show you birthday game through that
scripture use turkey you know yes
definitely hey Caleb Caleb a photo
bomber hear that uncle bob worry you've
added your cigarette-smoking lighters
movie we have much multifamily yeah yeah
is why we need more of the Crandall here
so that we can get the smokers over here
everyone here run new one first first
birthday with tons of problems oh we got
matches happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear
happy birthday dear you're gonna try to
eat it okay hot Sun man just cheering in
his love mmm what do you think that's a
weird look the adult k
hey buddies that tasting good this hat
just went by they're gone yeah haven't
keg overdose at the camera so Malkin at
me were such good kids all day long we
went to the crazy animal thing with
their exotic pets where's your birthday
party we had all kinds of kids over here
they did everything good they listened
to all the rules yeah yeah you shud over
the long leg Oh anyways it was so good
and Vicki and I got these presents for
them we're gonna see them but now we
decided to give it to really cuz they
were being so good so here at me this
one's for you man this one's for you
open it up welcome open it up and see
what it is maybe that's not what it is
yeah it's a stuffy it's a hedgehog
Stephanie where's yours me okay yes a
turtle yeah that's it oh it's not good
enough oh I found it havanese completely
unsatisfied with her gift for no reason
you like it yeah it's for you this is
having your bed with you you're a kid
okay I'll take your takeoff safety you
can say thank you to me a mommy love you
thank you for being good boy today no
it's a birthday you got a la presidency
ok so that's it for today I'll see you
guys tomorrow
