I got a 15 years ago because normally
and my kids wake up at seven o'clock and
wake me up and today the day I need to
be up I forgot to set my alarm and I got
bit 815 it's 836 and I have to be at the
church in five minutes oh she's asked me
to play bass again oh yeah clean base
but yeah now I gotta rush away they were
so tired we've been in the car probably
about 20 minutes were on the way to
experience house and the kids have all
conked out they had a really late night
last night as you saw from the other
video but the big party and everything
so they they slept in a little bit this
morning and then they were running
around the house playing having so much
fun to go this morning and then all
conked out in the car
malachi in the bell and there's
and then poor Levi's head keep something
damn mix awake which is good because
he's driving his key better stay hey I
know one who's most tired too cuz I
didn't get up a really smart for worship
practice they all got to like laze
around the house i got a boy i was in my
jammies until like adriana yeah must be
nice but um yeah so we're ready they're
down and if you haven't seen yesterday's
video yet I just played into two parts
because it was too long but someone
might be boring I don't know but it was
just really fun family stuff so I just
included and our family was totally fine
with being in the vlog they were excited
about it which totally surprised me
because it me chillin I don't want to be
in it no don't go beyond it Vicky's dad
didn't want to be on it but I just put
it on anyway hadid buyers really
co-opted good to your family hey so my
brother just launches really cool new
website for learning music and playing
piano and stuff like that so if you're
interested he's gonna tell you about it
right now this is josh what's up I'm
Josh you should check out my website is
jgc music.com it's really cool it's got
some lessons it's got some instruction
and do a lot of production if you're
interested in playing some music go for
it you have instruments like you can't
even imagine there's so many so check it
out and give me a call yeah so if you go
to the website he's got his contact
information and stuff and he does all
kinds of like Tritt like lessons for you
like if you want him to come over here
and you go to the people's houses yeah
yeah he'll come to your house and train
those workshops pretty cool there's
workshops as group workshops there's
individual sessions as group sessions so
if you want to get together with your
friends and learn an instrument we can
do that too is about there yeah so he's
doing a lot of crazy stuff no one's ever
done before so I mean telling you if you
wanted to do some lessons you got a
bunch of friends over that's the place
to be check it out oh freakin place oh
my
josh just got a violin for free someone
just gave it to him and it please check
it out and he's like super pumped about
it yeah and I was I was just saying that
violin sounds so pretty but only we know
how to play it because you don't know
how to play it and does not sound good
at all but Josh shows he knows how to
play it right I'm an expert I teach
music we put the man to work yeah man to
work in the kitchen look at the nice
face yeah mash those potatoes Oh ready
go yes ten seconds alright so we're just
leaving and look at all this stuff out
have a wheelie suitcase with cupcakes in
high chair and cooler a diaper bag a
backpack and luck Levi's down a little
suitcase down there Titus or me Marty
Mallick I don't touch the button he's
got his suitcase ebony and I get the
baby yeah I get the baby and I to carry
all this dump up by myself earlier all
of it by myself is horrible he's super
dad so we just experienced
an hour change in our time so it's
spring forward so right now it's 720 so
yesterday would have been like 620 so
now it's so bright outside for 720
cowboy obviously pitch blackness stars
everything yeah like pitch black out
normally and it's not at all I guess if
you don't live in Canada you're like
what are you talking about is like night
time for us is like whoa it's like
midnight moon we got Jim oh ok really
the drill supposed to vibrate oh yeah oh
really do make that way oh I just want
to get for a second I'll be right back
oh yeah it does we gotta pull it oh
that's need ok was playing at our maui
Kate's you toy soon whoa you know what
you doing you got some torrents hey guys
hey you shoot you guys want thanks
auntie bar market goes you're welcome
you
