today is going to be a super busy day we
have to have levi's birthday party in
the exotic pet show great oh yeah hooter
I don't know if you need to hold them I
think you probably did yeah for sure
probably pet summer though Vicky's got
pampered chef show realize yeah
bol√≠var's birthday party where else are
we doing Oh Jay uncle J nevaeh Oh Chris
Maddie Caleb are all coming over here
well mommy does a pampered chef show her
sexy yeah I need to even have a scentsy
party at the same time as Vicki's
pampered chef party aye caramba this is
gonna be a busy day leave I feel all in
chests are playing fit just got here
look at this hand huh okay so all the
adults were playing super mario bros and
then all of a sudden every single one of
the kids started coming into the room or
like what are these kids one and then
James like maybe they're hungry so we're
like you guys want lunch they're all
like yeah because it's 1230 and we
forgot what time it was and it's my job
to make lunch i forget i blame Jake you
want less you here's do it we are on our
way to the exotic pet show let's listen
to that some girl chat
like why my face really go you guys
excited okay here we are at the pizza
exotic pet show you guys ready for it
front row seats on the floor get your
popcorn ear juice you guys not right
okay the lizard's Kelly
he's like popcorn lizard popcorn lizard
you see the father can we have it you're
not the answer i see ok all the bigger
kids are doing now it's time for the
little kids to touch it
same alki has a big turn away every
hands others everyone guy she's like
please move that snake away from me that
feels like my muscles lies they do the
girls trying to sit on all their lives
yeah
so there's always you know what's going
on in mouth they started it so we
decided to play video games still want a
TV analyst she's want to play video
games the new generations okay look you
want to pay case did you guys have fun
okay don't touch the car what is your
favorite part oh yeah the big turtle was
cool drop the camera back I sup oh yeah
got it who's gonna kick the most snow
will go into their nice wide Avenue oh
why are you gonna try no
what oh those boots aren't good for snow
typical girl response oh there's Malachi
in the back you got a good one okay kick
it kick it good oh hahaha nice Avenue oh
okay let's go back time to get back to
the real party that was just the
pre-party
you
