okay so my friend Carrie that takes me
out for lunch all the time is doing this
awesome thing with her romaine lettuce
check it out she's growing another mommy
lies with it trying to tell us about
Carrie uh nope it's gonna be awesome so
we're gonna do it update of it every
seven days every seven days the update
stay tuned this should be up to here and
then we're gonna eat for free in seven
days it'll be up that much I don't know
have no idea we're gonna try it why his
giant watch it find out is the crazy
stuff that happens when you're at work
start growin bringing food in the window
anyways we'll show you the seven days
what looks like so I just went to look
out the window and there's this massive
icicle in our window look at the size of
that thing mmm and i'm pretty sure i was
looking at this window yesterday it
wasn't there so I like formed itself
overnight you guys ever seen such a big
one before mm-hmm no it's pretty big a
measure that fell right on your head
ouch there's lots of big lies ahead cast
that will be weird a hip something cool
there it is there's nothing wrong guy
okay I gotta reach it hey Vic you open
the door yeah he open the door meeting
at the door Anthony over here yeah
is it locked yeah okay what is this is
here for your mom a nice giving you a
piece of it yeah she's cool please okay
okay i set a sword fight oh my goodness
ah this is too cool yeah you can't even
know that it was too cold throw down
awesome too
what was that Melfi know also that was
awesome just like your shirt your shirt
says captain awesome yeah yeah he's in
her hand I am good ok so my brother's
back from your submission strip and you
see here with me now you want to see
what a missionary looks like BAM right
there that's what it looks like just in
case you're wondering I just wanted to
show you that when I woke up this
morning I do not want to vlog today and
the reason why is because my face is in
the camera and I woke up with all these
blemishes all over my chin and like peer
baba news and this like this massive
breakout and so last thing you want
camera in your face when you have those
sticking out so my question is for Lori
Jolicoeur she's a beauty vlogger you
have to check out her YouTube channel
and she does an amazing job with with
her makeup and her face always looks
awesome and she's just beautiful um she
has lots of great tips and advice and
lots of recommendations for certain
products and so Lori I was wondering if
you could give me some pointers on how
to cover blemishes especially like the
big red ones like to to tone down the
redness I guess so it's not as
noticeable um and like I don't know
giving you like a more even skin tone on
if there's any products out there that
you can recommend to me to us and that
would be able to to help with this so
that you don't um notice the blemishes
as much because um I don't let them so
yes Lori Jolicoeur she is amazing and
you actually get her YouTube channel
