I am so tired haha I think you guys know
cos mystery so yeah but yeah she hasn't
started she's a good sleeper yeah but
she pulls all the sheets off it so
she'll pull grab all the sheets and suck
them away from you not even the blame is
just the sheet so then all of a sudden
you're trying to be comfortable and
you're like why do I feel like
everything is wrong it's because Vicki
she wrecked all the sheets sometimes not
to get up in the middle and I take all
the sheets all the blankets off the bed
and remake the bed so I could fall
asleep anyways that's not what I'm
talking about today I'm not gonna get up
in Vicky's face like she did it Bo be
snowed she'd be like perfectly laid out
and wrapped around you I like to be
comfortable is that is that a problem I
don't think toe you have to get the bed
Keith are awful cuz I think he
comfortable lives anyways so I couldn't
sleep at all last night i was up
probably so like two o'clock in the
morning i was so tired now well i was so
tired I'm so tired now anyway so what
happened was I fell asleep after the
kids went to bed and then I think I was
probably sleep for like half an hour or
something or maybe at an hour I don't
know Jill oh I was asleep for and then I
woke up and I just couldn't fall back
asleep later when I was big time so I
was up so long if you can't ever just
sitting in bed like laughing but the
dumbest things and talking remember the
snoring video that's what she was like
all night is it look buddy anyways it
was terrible now I gotta go to work and
get rid his stuff you give me your
noises again I put up a little bit of a
blur blur come little bit of a better
than on it you do it I believe little
bit about it a bit of them
dan I put a little bit no there's now
he's doing that noise you doing before
this done no I want to try my dr pepper
beard buddy ever said man come on
everybody doing it it's cool come on man
everybody's doing it so cool to try it
try one snip come on dude a peer
pressure we're training our kids to
stick to stay against peer pressure
stand up for your rights don't let
people push you around I'm talking to
you here's a message for BL not face
that's a little bunny hi I'm outside I
see you when you guys city real um I you
hi get a job bit yeah Gabe he's gonna
chop it with her hand hey yeah fine ya
know cuz I'm so sure nothing hurts me
nope pretty impressive oh yeah oh yeah
oh her cookies all ready for the oven
hey
think is a popcorn for the movie Lincoln
some popcorn no the movie yeah they get
some popcorn for the movie with a hotter
puffle and vicar look at it swirl oh man
it is so amazing to sail away his finger
in circles like it's real I just kidding
me that's definitely that cool
yeah better on it yeah okay butter no
salt no problem okay so here's how you
make good popcorn you pop your popcorn
you add your butter and then you ask
some salt Amanda's it tastes good on
sure after i'm behind the butter Oh
Vicki likes the butter so much making
likes orange bar then it's like
literally dripping off of your fingers
she's not here to defend herself so I
can say whatever I want mmm they got try
it hmm oh is that good okay yeah that
takes it down there okay we'll play down
Bogart movie yeah ok here's what family
movie like looks like with us we got
some popcorn we got some cookies oh yeah
we got some dois terse and we're gonna
watch a movie you guys ready for the
movie are you ready for the movie yeah
are you ready for the movie yeah are you
ready for the movie yes I'm ready let's
watch a movie
