this is the hyper fire all week I like
this gun because like it has batteries
in it goes very fast it goes far one
thing that I like about this gun is that
it shoots very fast it has spots I can
purge drop on to prick like Jen around
your shoulders you can detach at Mitch
on this really it's right here right
here and you just like on the top into
there every nerf gun attachment bits on
it sometimes might stop yeah cathain the
clip that's on the bottom of the gun by
sugar um the top you see bullet doors so
you just open your bullet door and you
can take the bullet out sometimes when
the bullet stuff you you have to turn
the knob when you shoot the gun there's
a spot to rest your face so it's
comfortable check outside to see a fire
quick shape first bullet put 20 feet
second group of boys with 25 feet the
first group of boli's went 29b I'm
boiling it all the way to 30 19 feet it
shipped pretty far - too far to start oh
yeah I'm gonna buy sky click the link
below
we're gonna make more on our videos and
I think one will be outside and inside
we might do one more for cousins and our
choices that we have stuck with way
though more we buy more and our friends
Pretoria we're gonna show your eyes and
see how far could shoot that stuff over
there today thanks for watching don't
forget subscribe
you
