tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle hi my name is Fred the
caterpillar we're gonna show you guys
how to play puppet tag yeah he's gonna
fight Bubba J can't tell everybody who
you are what's your name ah Ashley to
draw but your name thank you but no
thank you oh don't crash okay so we're
gonna play puppet egg play you play
puppet shakers you have to have one
 and that puppet is gonna be it
and then you have to touch the other
person's puppet like this ttttt think
you can't get me you're gonna be it oh
here it now the drop is it and now the
drive has to try to touch another puppet
and lbs I'm gonna get got you Ashley huh
gotcha not yet to come try and touch us
with your puppet ah red man
oh you got me you know I'm gonna get you
got you Ashley haircut okay puppets
light up we're gonna have a puppet race
first first puppet to get to the couch
over there is the winner ready thank you
back your job ready set go okay my name
is Frank what I'm not caterpillar what
and I am awesome what it duck duck goose
yeah oh yeah Ashley go ask me go I ok
daddy my name is Lou and I'm a moose and
I'm going to dad all right Johnny I'm
Johnny Johnny run run Johnny you yeah
i buy games called freeze daddy and you
have to get from one couch to the other
and if you say freeze have to freeze for
five seconds hey one two three four ha
ha who's gay triangle oh wait one dude
i'm going to making mashed potatoes for
supper tonight and i'm just getting the
potatoes prepared and I really thought
that I would just show you a product
from pampered chef it's the veggie major
and it is absolutely amazing and I was
going to use it anyways I thought oh I
might as well show you guys how amazing
it is so all I do is you just fill your
potatoes which I'm already done and then
we've got our potatoes here you just
take one potato if it's a bigger one
like this it'll still do that i'll show
you that one after i want to show you
the tiny one first so this is um the
potato here so you just stop this off
put it just in the little center wedge
there and I need two hands to do this
because it's a jiggle jiggle motion I'll
just put this here hopefully you'll be
able to see it i think you can okay and
just push down and there you go dice is
it out perfectly and then you just pick
this up and put it into the bot and
there's all your diced potatoes and i'll
show you the bigger one and how you can
do that once i get this set up again for
it so look the bigger one and put it in
like lengthwise and scratch our this
and then you just kind of push it in
here so it's got this little if you can
see that little sharp blade right there
that's what pokes through and just kind
of stand and there you go it is really
great for oranges and obviously potatoes
and tomatoes as well and so what you do
is like four oranges you put the orange
in so he piss orange in just like that
and then you place that over top of the
orange and you can sit down and it puts
it into perfectly sized wedges for
eating it I'm getting all the juice out
leaving the skin I use it every day for
oranges it's awesome it really is a
product that I use every day it is
amazing and I just wanted to share it
with you so you could see how amazing it
was too and I totally forgot to tell you
I was trying to get the other thing that
it does and it does onions and when it
does the onions it puts it into perfect
little wedges to and it's awesome I use
it all the time for onions so there you
go you can see the edge onion there
which is absolutely perfect because you
just stick the onion in and push it down
and then you get these perfect little
wedges so you don't get that awful like
watery eye and the stinging sensation in
your eye from the onion and then you can
even take those wedges and put them into
your manual food processor or your food
chopper and just chop chop chop chop
chop and you have like the little diced
onions and it's perfect and i use the
veggie measure and made a food processor
a lot
