okay so we made a game happening do you
want to tell us what you have to do okay
what you have to do mouth what you have
to do oh you have to push this thing
down and hold on one finger of the day
if you get on one two three
I'm you get if you're one of these
Trevor yeah that's it unit oh so if you
want to learn how to build this little
countable thing and the circle well I
guess you could do the circles if you
want to learn how to do this thing check
out the link below because I'm going to
have it on our website at crafts section
so Avenue you want to try it see you can
get it okay here goes that you have to
try yeah yeah oh you gotta try again
very guys slide your finger off what oh
yeah you got it you got it yeah she got
the middle one nice one okay so we took
it to another level and we're using
these cups now instead of the paper
sheets and Abney is getting some action
and if you get this diamond one is a
triple marshmallow the great cups double
marshmallow you can try not another one
a beanie is becoming a shooting master
she didn't get one in first shirt she's
gotten so many she shoots she lines up
her shot oh all right off the edge right
again oh man just miss that Cup
which one are you trying to get I'm
trying to keep the bracelet oh my
goodness that's the hardest one the
bracelet is hidden within all the other
cups and if you get it you get three
marshmallows Hey
yes she just landed right beside the
bracelet whoever gets the most points
gets to eat for it Cassie for freezing
if he didn't get it in it okay that
sounds like fair rules love to dig in
there still get it free okay cool yeah
so you guys the double cup maybes you
get two marshmallows face what happened
he said you wanted you some more yeah so
dad has got one try and got right and
and no idea how you did that so let's
see if you use it this time if he does
it he's trying to get free
okay here I go here I go this is it I'm
doing two at once this is the big one oh
and because this time is kill or 1 or
free you might get in here you go pretty
oh look at the diamond bracelet
tyrunt braces is pretty good yeah there
you go again Oh real that red edge oh
that one
that come here that yeah I gotta warn ya
so die gardener score he's toying in
again angry huh I'm telling he's gonna
get free alright
oh yeah here we go this is gonna be what
I get three Debbie both breasts are
gonna get free I'm telling you you're
also like open your fingers you can do
it for me I did it I got three free in
here okay oh man he's gonna get it I'm
telling you
and now it's gonna you want to go sure
Japanese up yeah yeah - I got knees up I
got three she got three is a close
competition if she gets one more she's a
champion can she do it oh I thought
you're gonna get on your first one you
oh my goodness I was so close she almost
got the red cup Oh what about Levi's
like what are you guys doing what oh are
you the diamond I look I look away from
yeah you got it
I looked away for one second yeah it is
on cameras I go watch she does it a
champion okay it's the first final one
so what happens now
whoever
free is to get to Diamond only know
memorizes know whoever just emotionals
see you one see you tell have that lucky
and that's how you play that's how you
play mini-marshmallow catapulting
