I'm going to do a video on how to
prepare a grapefruit because of the
yesterday's video that Vicki said me
thanks by the way Vicki she's really
into something over there over picture
fellow the Frank first you cut the
grapefruit in half then you take a seat
though then you slice in between each of
the individual grapefruit pieces and
then you cut around the whole outside
like this and then they should just pop
out so there you go Vicki I know how to
do a grapefruit thank you for your
comments yesterday so I am off to go to
the mall and couple stores in town I
have a lot of returns to do I had this
day planned out all week is now 5 30 so
not too bad um and I need to to get out
of here and go get these returns done
because they're creeping up on the
deadline when you get your refund and
everything like that so I said I have to
go and look what happens when I have to
go you can see but it's like a storm and
it's been like clear skies all week long
and then when I have to go out it does
this for me isn't that lovely mm-hmm so
um yeah really looking forward to my
drive and it isn't like half an hour to
get to the mall so it should be fun and
of course nick says oh before you go you
have to fill the gap fill the car up
with gas and you're gonna have to wash
the windows so you can see out of them
and yeah he wasn't kidding here's the
gas gauge
right there almost on empty so thanks
honey I love you have fun with the kids
tonight okay so being apni and Molokai
are gonna do a prank on mummy with
somebody went out left us home alone so
we're gonna tie spider to the bedroom
door so when she opens it it's gonna go
Oh get her in the face hey guys is that
sound like fun how many spiders are we
gonna do more for spiders that's give me
a lot five of us in our family so five
sweaters okay we're gonna apply splash
we're set it up and then we'll show you
how it works okay so we set up our trap
and Ivy's gonna see if it scares her
okay go have me to scare you think is
gonna scare mom thing is gonna scare mom
yeah we're gonna get mommy anyway I know
so Levi really likes the spider prank
we're gonna walk through watch yeah yeah
ready we're gonna go this way did get
you to get you ready here we go cool
ain't it this is gonna be my drive home
clear skies no snow falling okay I'm so
thankful
I waited until nine o'clock from this
mall is closed I was a lot longer than I
wanted to be it's raining now pouring
rain I waited too long
I'm so ready to go home
946 last Henry told you nasal to drive
home
so if you just got all my pouring rain
and she has to try and get here in the
ring big anyway it looks like is
everything a lot but you're moving so
slow so I guess is not really oh if I
was a good husband I probably helped
everybody I know yet I walk through that
can you see this pouring water a year
come on Vicki no that was way less
intense i thought i was gonna be oh he
let me I'll be okay Vicki went to do
returns and look oh oh she has all kinds
of stuff by but she has a place to work
he said on my videos I did a lot of
exchanges so every senior video yet yeah
there but I just don't tell like a story
about one of my purchases not a mixed
age oh really right in the middle for
explanation of Disick's geez geez
purchase
and it she was like I'm like the worst
person telling stories I say like it a
lot sorry her stories go for so long to
tell one point as you can tell I was
like four minutes already anyways and
Vicki wonders why I don't like to go
shopping with her because it's tough my
god I'm like listen people I don't care
as long as stuff I want to get out of
here so yeah I'm glad I didn't go okay
Vicki the kids made a surprise for you
in our room so you need to go check it
out but open the door kind of slowly
because I don't even knock over the
surprise is on the floor mmm
No
you'll see it okay come over here and
take a look from here come over by me
and then look for me okay now go back
into the room see if you can see it oh I
totally backfire she wasn't scared all
she totally like she totally walked
right past his fighter wasn't scared at
all and I like Diddy mean like get
scared when it touch her head I thought
for sure would work if you try dang it
well I guess I can go under those fail
videos how do not scare somebody anyways
the kids will laugh tomorrow when they
see it
