I'm just eating my lunch here in my car
I my lunch break at work and I just
wanted to show you ma'am I width is a
pretty good cook she made his chicken
cacciatore other night robbing the
leftovers and it tastes just as good is
when I first had it yeah I got some
homemade bread life can't get better
than this man well I guess I could be
sitting in a cooler spot to my car but
it's pretty good I'm just at walmart
Kabam because I'm going to get these
like things I need for a craft that
we're going to do with the kids later
we're going to make these little mini
airplanes and it's going to rock i'm
pretty excited about i started pinterest
and i'm really excited about it I want
to try and hang it up in Malachi his bed
area somehow so I was like these cool
planes flying around all the time so I'm
going to do that and then we're going to
do a little bit later the craft but i'm
thinking of maybe posting the crafts in
a separate video so when people want to
do just the crap they don't have to
watch everything else because maybe they
find it boring or whatever even though
it's not it's totally awesome anyway so
I'm gonna go get the craft stuff boo boo
ok so i got my stuff some clothes pins
boom boom sheets oh yeah get ready kids
because there's gonna be some serious
crafts going on tonight yeah so it's
known outside this morning um lots of it
so the kids and I after being cooped up
all weekend are gonna go outside and
we're going to build a seven hey Avenue
Malachi do you want to build a snowman
do you yeah mouths how you my bills
domian yeah we're about you Levi and see
if I want to build a snowman he can't
know how come
be not big enough oh yeah his little
thumbs touching the snow it's fun I
think this is like Levi's third time
being outside this winter mmhmm yeah top
that pop it oh let's see wow look at you
mmm obviously very far yeah oh alright
let's build the snowman well let's build
it first and then we'll get this stuff
we need for it okay it's still be in
time yay realize show you our snowman
cuz it's hard to build a snowman while
holding the camera so our snowman um is
sleeping because that we could it was
not packing snow so we couldn't get it
to stand up and like actually roll a
ball um so um let's show you are some in
you want to show the snowman do you want
to show the Soviet Malachi oh hey young
man take a picture of it we're taking a
video right now do I show it to me can
you walk it over walk me over to the
Snowman show me the Snowman tada okay
I'll go down is he sleeping he's lying
down isn't he alright here's our snowman
can you see him I think our snowman
looks pretty good yeah it looks good
yeah and a beanie I caught you on camera
she's eating the snow she told me it's
okay I sheets the snow as long as it's
not yellow hello
she's hot yellow is P she says it's so
that does having fun outside in the snow
and it's actually really beautiful
outside it's not cold at all it's like
so nice out so finally we have a nice
day to play out this no all right that's
it for now so the kids and I were
talking to earlier Emily wonder if daddy
will notice the Snowman lying down in
the front yard um so when Nick gets home
we will put the camera on him and ask if
you notice it and see what happens thank
you yeah there's like a 50 box or what
yeah a what cookie box like going oh why
were there the cookies out there when
were the cookies for Avenue yeah what
were the cookies for they were for the
eyes on our snowman thank you i was led
into snow cuz cuz sleeping yes yeah go
see him let's go show daddy the sleeping
snowman he's laughing at our snowman
he's sleeping three gigs idea is that it
was all that Oh y'all help yeah because
it's not packing knows we got to
improvise okay we're close you are so
cool that's a really good idea is really
funny we didn't think he'd notice it
then we straight that's cool guys and it
was funny cuz Nick I came in and was
like why was there a box of cookies
outside it was rapey side to snowman the
whole yeah
beside the Snowman okay he wants to make
a craft with me tonight you know what do
you guys think we're gonna make Santa
know good guess what do you think we're
gonna make okay Oh as you guess you but
one no we're gonna make airplanes well
no it's not let go but we're gonna make
airplanes with that craft yeah that'd be
fine yeah yeah clean black car yeah but
I kept I thank you you've got you free
climber I really like blue but my
favorite color is brown oh yes you do
cool min oh nice man good job grey yeah
I like it everyone wants to you my
favorite colors day okay we're gonna
make that crap bring up for supper okay
the airplanes are all done here they are
now Dan gender dead and down to denton
tgd gk JD Kane to it so if you want to
learn how to make these airplanes and
stuff like that you can check out our
website and we'll have the instructions
posted on there and you could check it
out build your cuz your kids oh yeah
here I come hmm my god
oh you got him wait we got the we whoa
whoa know the voice is during the Blaine
oh no help
