huh you guys just gonna be crazy or
something whoa 43 go crazy one two three
go crazy my kids are crazy crazy crazy
okay so ah we're going to all right do
this to be key something again we are
going to I've noticed it at the
beginning of every one of my videos like
okay so okay so then they can try
laughing at last night so I'm going to
try and consciously stop doing that we
are going to today put together a little
food right thing this Bay came in the
mail it says can you please fill this up
with food for people in your community
they don't have anything so we're going
to put all this food into that bag right
guys you want to put some stuff inside
to lie inside the day they wish to put
this heavy stuff first
there we fit it all in good job guys
good enough they can still get it does
that make you feel good ma bad you feel
bad girl give me this food to somebody
that doesn't have any food dad yeah oh
how do you feel about giving you food
away for somebody yeah how are you
Malachi I love you ash you keep crema
people they don't have to like you Oh
are you upset about people who don't
have food yeah this sad i just started
listening to this audio book is called
um I gotta win friends and influence
people and its really good in the first
chapter they had this little like it
cause okay so take your budget it's
called okay so nobody make money daddy
yeah okay so yeah I did it again okay so
um I don't even know how to start
talking with those saying okay so first
 tickling me here we go um yeah the
book is called how to win friends and
influence people it's pretty good and I
just finished the first chapter to have
this little influential home it's called
father forgets and I suggest that you go
look it up on youtube because it's
really cool ok so I am feeding it's so
noisy with that bacon what's not funny
oh my gosh the K so again I keep
forgetting I'm feeding levi with this
mango apple carrot peach sucky tooth
back pain and I was looking at it the
ingredients I'm like this is every
single thing that I like mangoes apples
carrots and Pete's just like my savings
what are you guys doing they're being so
noisy hey there like this is my favorite
ingredients i love it so much so I tried
it I'm like this is my best thing ever
so what I'm gonna try and do is squirt
this stuff into it I can't right
yeah Haley so I'm gonna squirt this I'm
gonna skim off hi-yah so I'm gonna
squirt this stuff I'm not getting a
venir I'm gonna squirt this stuff into
some ice chunks and try it as a smoothie
see how it tastes I'll you know
