okay so we just started going to this
new church and in a rocks because it's
not a clock already and we still aren't
even ready to go so normally we would
have had to get up like super early by
nine o'clock we're all freaky out
because we have to drive to the churches
far away everyone's like God's army
really big help me with this how about
that oh and it was crazy right now it's
nightclub relax we can walk to our
treasury 12 is that close but we did
that last weekend we were there freely
so I don't think we're gonna walk in cuz
Malachi is a super slow walker he gets
distracted I like every single little
thing that comes up or is on the ground
or whatever yeah spent five minutes to
look at it anyways just want to give you
the update yeah it's nine o'clock when
we can relax hey we're going to church
till it rules levi's behind the gate but
he's so happy hi hi buddy hey buddy we
put the broom year because he likes to
grab it hey buddy hi did your face
squished in there hello ah hi oh I see
you oh are you gonna stand up he stand
it up daddy's never home sooner I gets
to watch all these things went to church
and we were still late even though we
would have like three minutes away not
even we're still 10 minutes late for
church but it was pretty good so
and one of the passion is the church is
so funny sneeze pastor Colin and so when
we got there they were already doing
they're offering everything like that so
we got there late and so everybody was
sitting down and they only see something
left in the church we're at the front so
he was like where do you guys want to
see if there's to their seats at the
front and stuff so we're like okay we'll
wait for one to start seeing yet so they
see enough so we don't like walk in and
disturb everybody and then he was like
yeah it's a good idea is cheaper if you
wait till after the offering because
they need a lot to give your operator
whatever he's just joking but it's
pretty funny I liked it good job do you
like that jokes sure yeah baby you got
three minutes Oh three minutes hockey
time canon uppers Finland we gotta get
home and turn it on okay we're home miss
1150 honey right when I told you the
church was closed why wasn't lying it
took like no time for us to go home
we're that's kind of church i'm talking
about Booya so yeah we're gonna go
inside to watch some hockey Vicki's
gonna get all the kids and put them
inside all by herself and get him other
seats everything just kidding i'm gonna
help okay i aven't he wants me to do a
video she's gonna wear my big sweater so
she wants to do video please give me
silly okay you hold the camera two gay
guys are transparent not much later yeah
yeah how's that is that warm and cozy
yeah tah-dah there she's wearing my
sweater daddy's girl can't first British
over Canada one finland 0 so we're gonna
go to the second period i'm pretty sure
they're gonna win this one but phil and
i was actually playing pretty good and I
got a pretty good goalie so we'll see
what happens I'll let you know believe
it
oh he almost got my pop I left it on the
floor nice try who's watching hockey
with me whoo hockey hockey hockey hockey
hockey clear I liked it yeah yeah so
we're gonna keep watching I'll let you
know no I'm see your folding laundry
miles are swell just watching watching
the hockey game and I am fully wonder
you rascal up you're looking at
jimmys turn backwards before chicken
attentional hope you guys can see it
from where I have the camera through it
Fiona's playing cannon chasers would be
smart why I'm all over it all over here
yeah I don't know where I came from yeah
I noticed it another pair Bienvenue
great deeply excuse you know ok man also
pretty fixated on the way through school
like now these pants are like completely
wrecked and not able to be warned I mean
I'm actually Michael grandma don't bash
apparently there is plenty other side
yes if anyone knows what causes fair or
given how to get rid of it for the
comments below and I would be so happy
to hear old man will be fixed and learns
to perfect long and now I won by a
specific
again to browse to put the back to the
boards and sleep right dr. static here
going on to me by here okay second
periods over and the game is now tied
canada won finland 10 and so it was gala
bit chilly so I climbed to my sneaky day
with Levi and especially he's a little
bit upset that the game's tied I know
you're thinking oh this nestling big
it's the Finland colors but it's okay
I'm here for canada trust me so we'll
see what happens in the third period if
canada gets beat by feeling i'm really
bummed yeah you too right it's just not
fair if they lose it's just not fair
we're still good rookies hey bud yeah oh
ok so canada wins whoo they actually
ended up going to overtime finland had
some pretty good defense I and we got
the extra point over time and we won
yeah so when we goin on up movin on up
to the sky oh okay bye
