hey guys what's up so I just got a new
team teaser that I'm super psyched about
check it out it's a dolphin no big deal
and you start your love tea leaves in
there I'll take your dolphin on the side
your cut up and start drinking
so Vicky's making these cool photography
props this was actually think I need it
so sweet engines rate she lost her voice
as she can't talk ooh actually like that
way I think it looks really pretty so
we're gonna wrap the babies up maybe
watch them out of it you so as a sane
we're gonna wrap the babies up around
with this right now circle so we're
gonna do so I'm gonna circle them up in
the flowers so they're gonna have a cute
little flowery headband on and it's
gonna look adorable and she has twin
girls today so be even cuter than ever
okay Levi he's playing super mario bros
and he is loving it you could jump on
that guy's head can't keep going watch
out for that guy oh yeah sure you got
you you gonna play again so Vicki seeing
a newborn photo shoot and we are
celebrating that's already what they
thought of solid a McDonald's with
McDonald's food
no yeah you are all by yourself yeah I'm
Limpy he chose to sit over there we
didn't make them are gonna go play it up
late place yeah the awesome so after two
hours of playing in the mcdonalds
playpen the kids wanted to change the
scenery so we're here at walmart right
guys ah are you keep going you want look
at toys ok let's do it mom has about a
half hour left whoa almost I feel sure
so I just finished my ownership with my
photo shoot my soup ah my photo shoot
with a newborn girls oh my goodness
thank you know some twins of all time
they were so sweet um so yeah I really
well I'm really excited about it and my
little angel was really good when I was
away when she was away too were you a
good girl were you good girl for daddy
she's hungry yeah but you were a good
girl Latin food listen honey you don't
know well yes I'm just packing
everything up I already got most of it
put away but Nick said get the camera
out so hey hey cuz she has have been
doing our blogs lately it's just gonna
vlog though like the area yeah cuz i've
been busy editing an urgent stay at the
computer editing pictures yeah that's
not really fun you wanna see me do that
you
