so a bini has her winter olympics at
school today so we dressed her up all
nice and warm so that she stays warm
outside today you can see Carol from
here missy is then she look cute and
she's even all the way warm all the way
dish got these pants on all the way down
to her toes where she has fluffy warm
socks and now we're all bundled up with
hat and mitten what else do we need hats
mittens scarf cool boots jacket yep stop
here very good you think they'll be warm
enough yeah that's good I remember head
um outside yeah that's good
right no hats in school that's right you
can wear it like this at one mmm are you
excited for winter olympics today what
do you think you're gonna play hockey a
card game don't have a wicked car an
Olympic car game oh whoa hey man I'll
tell me all about it when you get home
ok here is happening if you can see you
in there she's all ready to go have fun
today so I just stuck on Avenue out to
her ride first cool and I come inside
and Levi it's dealing up at the gate
hello big boy hello did you stand up are
you standing up over the gate now always
all right
yeah look at you is it a big boy you
want mommy oh yeah you in for me oh okay
I'll come to your rescue so i'm off to
take the boys to the doctors today they
both had a really bad cough and i just
want to get it checked out and make sure
it isn't anything hopefully it's just a
cold that used to run its course but you
never know especially the baby because
you can't tell if they can just not
cough up there phlegm or if it's
something more but Levi's have
bronchitis three times so I just want to
make sure that it's not anything and
I'll let you know the results when I get
back so we're back from the doctors and
Levi has bronchiolitis whinnies puffers
and Malachi has bronchitis and use
antibiotics and peppers so God I took
them to make sure that their cough is
treated properly and we just got home
from my doctors and this is levi snoring
away go sleep in the car now to see if I
can get her into bed stainless Lee
so Avenue just got home from school and
just came back from the Winter Olympics
and so here she is look at her here it's
got snow in it and it's all not look at
all that snow back there and it's all
knotted you Keith they are playing
purchase no really oh my goodness look
at this used to be in a nice pretty
braids and now it's like this and she
lost the hair elastic yeah lost the hair
elastic all right so nick says where's
Malik I said I don't know he's setting
up here up here somewhere I did not know
it meant up here way up here in the
furnace room up and all the bins hello
Malik I do you like it up there yeah
look at happy and Avenue is working on
climbing her way up now too careful
that's not really to stand on sweetie
here oh there's breakable stuff in there
I think daddy helped Malakai get up
there are you guilty guilty daddy daddy
guilty so guilty no I wouldn't do that's
why she I do not approve just so
everyone knows I do not approve of them
playing in the furnace room thank you
