hello again so tomorrow I have to make a
cherry pie for my works potluck it's
probably going to be the best cherry pie
that anyone's ever eaten so I'm some
lunch break now at work and I'm going to
run into the grocery store and get some
lard I think to make the cherry pie
crust my aunt said that I need some lard
flaky large I don't remember some kind
of lard I've written down somewhere so
I'm just going to run inside and grab
that and then I'm going to make some
friggin cherry pies tonight it is going
to taste amazing i might grab two so i
can make two cherry pies so i will show
you how to make that amazing cherry pie
probably a few seconds for you but in a
few hours for me okay so i got my pie
crust and it was tender flaky flaky
tender flake and i got some raspberry
that's a raspberry and some cherry pie
filling it's going to be so good and you
know what after being in a grocery store
I realize that I'm starving and there
happens to be friggin A&W right next to
this place so I want to go get some mama
burgers to 45 and Vicki if you're
watching this I know what you're
thinking you're probably gonna say Oh
Nick mama burgers you wonder what you're
getting fat no it's not one being fat I
got mama burger searles their smallest
ones and I'm only having two of them a
night in a fries so it's gonna be good
and I'm starving so I don't care oh hmm
hola bar
nothing says I love you like a mama
burger hmm actually one thing Suze I
love you as a member that's uh some
freakin pie okay so next Monday next
Monday is every day oh yeah oh yeah it's
family this family day oh yeah oh yeah
this Danny its Benedict DUI family day
off me too oh yeah oh yeah let's build a
Miss Benedict we got it off we don't
have to work or go to school cuz pivoted
oh oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah are you
excited what are we gonna do party all
day I'm malicki party all right molec it
hate it but look at them blue oh well oh
every balloons what's a bully kick
listen skagen figures key figure skating
party bigger scheme buddy oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah wait you doing bless wicked
okay we need two things they ok guys one
you can help me bake a pie yeah or two
you can help me do a project where you
make ice balls and balloons which one
you want you Oh balloons balloons ok
will do the balloons ok as soon as you
guys don't stop roll dude so have to
Berlin bathmate Oh first today we're
going to do a cool project well you need
balloons pink for girls blue for boys or
not me any food coloring and what we're
going to do is we're going to drip some
food coloring dye these wounds they were
going to fill them up with water tie
them and put the best I overnight after
that they're going to freeze because
it's minus like 20 Oh side and then West
they freeze will take the balloon off
and we'll have these big cool
crystalline glass colorful balls I got
the idea from Pinterest yes that's right
I use Pinterest know a guy and I'm not
ashamed of it either so we're going to
go ahead and start ready who wants to go
first and go skate in the bathtub yeah
cuz if you drop it I don't want to spill
over the floor now shake the water
around inside there to get so all the
food coloring spreads around yeah ok
then ok put it down the bathtub for now
and then we'll do the next one JAY climb
in there here's your blue dye fold it by
now shake it
oh gee shake shake shake shake oh yeah
okay Vicki's guy stuff all over her face
we got a kitchen thank you you have to
see let's see let's see hey oh you got
it you got a psychic still there no she
had a whole bunch of stuff like right
here no it's gone perfect video a moment
of imperfection let's go okay we're
gonna go outside through our balloons
care about okay yeah did go Avenue ah
didn't blow up ya can try again i
go through your balloon hahaha go try
again throw it as high as you can
straight up in the air not at me okay
yes straight up look out cocky oh come
inside my guy if you're too cold if they
don't explode this time we're leaving
them aside okay throw at me I'm you
can't trying throwers you can throw
yours
okay just nevermind apnea one explodes
too cold okay one more try maokai you
too cold a bini have any have a neat how
many how many oh ok we're going to leave
the rest of you still enjoy the LED
coolers outside overnight to freeze and
then tomorrow we'll pop low not eating
ice balls okay ready best yet over here
is not very good oh honey this is
visible tiny hot it yeah I'm gonna try
it so as far as I can okay ice balloon
is invincible oh this balloon will never
explode we've tried everything okay here
we go wish I throw it at sure I throw
that the fence okay we're gonna throw it
over it we're in throw it over at the
bench ah it's Julian explosive
this balloon is stinking invincible
avenues to won't blow up wish I do with
it Oh like a cheetah okay I'm gonna
throw a heart like a cheetah at the wall
ok here we go cheetah heart Gina oh I
worked cheat us train okay so I'm going
to make a cherry pie and a raspberry pi
that i bought today at the grocery store
we're going to use BAM tender flake and
i thought this was going to be so cool
homemade recipe but now that i'm
actually am realizing that is just like
a bunch of different pre-made stuff put
into a bowl but it's still in a critical
of a slippery hole okay so let's get
started mix together flour and salt so
hey no it makes that stuff together
cut in Kenneth's leg lard with pastry
blender or two knives until mixture
resembles coarse oatmeal next in a 1 cup
measure it combine bigger take and what
ha seems like I'm missing something
important
so I got my stuff on this pampered chef
mat for doing baking and doze and stuff
like that and you can see like it
doesn't stick and also that's nice
pretty pretty pretty amazing so now i'm
going to divvy it up into six delicious
gooey balls
there's a space amazing chef no Matt I
don't know if you can see this but I
have rings around here good already his
Matt's got rings so you can tell like
how why each of your thing is going to
be so I do nine inches so it might be
like in the middle of this so start your
bone and I'm just going to roll it out
so I have a nice circle it's getting a
perfect circle pretty cool I'm not sure
with Jerry cuz it's so delicious so I
have a friend on facebook that i went to
high school with and i don't know why
but rain this moment i keep thinking
about her and I think that she did
baking SF but maybe I'm a hundred
percent wrong I don't know her name is
jessica and that's what i get a shout
out to her what a Miss and so I was
talking about our new YouTube channel on
Facebook and she was like she liked it
she liked my post so that was pretty
cool I haven't seen her for a long time
oh yeah sure I love cherry pie well it
looks so good to me so I'm gonna put
this in the oven 350 I'm gonna start off
at 10 minutes make sure it's nice and
light brown on the bottom rack and then
once it's done i'll pull it out and let
you see ok so my pies are finally
finished and it took like an hour or two
get them done here's our they ended up
looking like raspberry ones puffed out
some steam cherry yeah may I think the
other way they're done we'll find out
tomorrow at the work potluck pressures
on everyone's expecting a serious
triggered by for me so
I'm open this turns out pretty good for
it um so yeah thanks for watching today
and tune in tomorrow for another video
and we'll see you then
