so I've got the top 5 free last-minute
valentine's day gifts that you can give
to your wife so husband's listen up
because this is important okay number
one clean the house I'm not talking
about you know putting things away or
picking things up and play them in bin
somewhere or um you like hiding I oh my
goodness tied up is not clean cleaning
is scrubbing and washing and sanitizing
I am talking about getting down on your
hands and knees and scrubbing that floor
until it shines that is called clean so
when your wife walks in and she sees a
clean house she might faint but she'll
be like Oh some nice she'll really
really appreciate it another thing
number two on the list would be doing
the laundry and the irony I know those
two things but they go hand in hand
because they both need done um unless
you do get your launching of the dryer
right away and then you have a lot less
priority but that would be a really good
gift for your wife a third on the list
would be doing a home-cooked meal off
for her you know having the dishes all
washed by you and maybe give it a little
candlelight at the table because that
can go a long way I'm just saved and
number four I would say would be to help
out with like the bedtime routine you
know I are like passing the kids or
getting ready for bed and doing the
whole bedtime thing with them so that
your wife has time just to relax and
unwind that she can like put her feet up
and read a book or she could go on
facebook she can check out Canadian
family blog um anything like that would
be great and if you don't have kids well
it doesn't matter you can still just
give your wife time to relax and unwind
because she's not thinking about
the laundry that needs done or the
dishes that need washer the house that
needs cleaned because it's already done
by you so um that's definitely number
four number 5 i'm going to say be to
give your wife a foot massage or a back
massage but keep in mind that you have
to know what your wife likes if she
enjoys that kind of thing then go for it
she will appreciate it and love it and
it would be a great gift for her and
it's free of course um but if she
doesn't like that kind of thing because
for me personally I don't like being
touched I would be like get away from my
feet what do you think you're doing so I
don't really like that kind of thing so
that would not be a good gift um but you
know a cuddle and watching a chick flick
would be what I would pick I'm instead
of that because I would do that any day
so that would be another one and I'm
just going to say this I know it's not
free chocolate is not free but go buy it
anyway because we just love our
chocolate and let us completely just
indulge in it because it's just yummy so
that would definitely be one anyways and
I'm going to say to UM make sure that
you tell your wife how much you
appreciate all that she does and how
much you love her and are so blessed to
have her in your life but more than
telling her show her by doing these
things that is just showing that you are
just so appreciative of everything that
she does for you and your family so um
husband's I hope you took notes and that
you got that if you're rushing around
trying to think of something to get your
way for Valentine's Day there's some
there's five six maybe free things that
you can do that she would really love
and appreciate for valentine's day and
happy Valentine's Day everyone
