so I think it might be that for another
shave and haircut just getting a little
grizzly and just like that I'm done feel
better so the kids built this awesome
for all by themselves and it looks
amazing look at this they got clips all
up on the sides this little thing it is
your entry and what's this a whole
kitchen put your like old kitchen here
looks really good Avenue great job you
guys like master for builders I don't
want to destroy why can't I keep it like
this cuz you can't and do it Teddy it up
tomorrow hey sorry gotta get up and go
to man hey guys how's it going so today
I'm going to be baking it a cherry pie
and I also want to try and make like a
Greek salad wrap with like roti bread
from like the indian food type stuff so
i'm gonna try and make all that kind of
fun stuff today she'll be delicious so
there's my there are my first time
making roti God is pretty good I think
next time i'm going to use oil instead
of butter to the buttery flavor of it
you can taste a lot of song hmm
