hey guys we just got to Michael's we're
gonna go get some newborn photography
stuff so we just got out of Michael's
and Vicky got some sweet stuff for
newborn photography hey Vicky sure did
are you excited I'm excited I'm actually
really excited about how it's gonna look
cuz she's trying to make my own little
head back oh my gosh it's good if it
works it's gonna look really good hey
Vicky yeah so I have to win see so we're
at the mall it's PNE i don't know if i
told you that Miss pasa so how many
wants to guess what do you want to get
at the mall hmm we're gonna go clothes
shopping nice hmm and the boys have gift
cards to the toys r us so they're gonna
get some toys r us toys so that's what
we're doing hey Vicky yeah I'm hungry
Vicky starting to get angry if you know
what I mean she's like we're here let's
go to the food court I don't stop with
your let's go move move do you guys find
it when you go to the food court it's so
hard to pick something to eat I'm always
like walking around thinking wish I have
and both times I gave the same thing
I beg your going
you can't play the toys
what about you have a hard time picking
yeah I do
so what kind of person to you the kind
that goes to the same spot every time or
do something different dude I've seen
this whoa nice dance moves yeah that was
awesome yeah II was wrong okay so Vicki
mates to go to the jewellery store and I
got Libby strapped on here so we got to
go to Toys R Us
ah
so Vicki told us we can go shop on our
own and guess what we're getting Yoda
Luke Skywalker and I'm getting kylo Ren
oh yeah yeah that's your decision tit oh
you're right Luke Skywalker green you
have Luke Skywalker blew oh no who's
that you have Anakin Skywalker that's
Luke Skywalker's dad hi that's the guy
who turns into Darth Vader so we lost
Levi in the mall today got it was
various moment of my life so we're all
shopping and then we're all together and
I went to go get a hat and then I came
back and ambiguous dealing with the
cashier like we just all got distracted
and then we're walking out and then
Vicki's like do you have levi i was like
no she's like I thought he was joking if
I was like in the front of stroller or
something yeah and she was like you
promised I was like yeah I don't have
him and then she's like holly crap so I
went to the exits to the exit Vicki goes
running around the freaking huge I'm
screaming Levi the top of my lungs
hoping he'll come running out from
somewhere hiding it's a cram store
cheese like Oh embarrassed I look like
the worst mom of all time everyone's
looking around for the kid to I see
everyone like a look around see ya and
then they made an announcement did they
yeah the girl will not announcement but
the girls are talking walkie-talkie was
like fantasies little boy they went a
little boy in the back of store bola
anyways he was so far away from us guy
he's like so far I know how he even got
that far you were probably looking for
10 minutes it felt like to me it wasn't
10 minutes is an eternity it felt like
forever standing at the door Mike what
is 10 years old were so scared I was
like really really upset anyways so then
finally I cut around the corner and I
see him and there's these two like
teenage girls with him and they were
like they were asking him like to know
where your mommy is so he kept going I
can't find daddy that's what he kept
saying to them I can't find daddy and
then then he saw me he comes running
over to me starts crying and I'm bawling
my eyes out these two teenage girls are
going home come on like oh my gosh you
know it really is amazing though like
how easily they just can go they're gone
like one second they're standing right
with you and then you look blink and
it's like where'd they go and the store
is literally the most crammed store huge
like I mean like you can barely walk
through some of the aisles know like
this was everywhere but like you could
easily walk into one close thing and
walk out the other and be gone yeah and
yeah it was really scary so thank God
that we were able to find I pan not
having snatched training like that I was
so scared whose toys care I was bawling
my eyes out guys when I found him I was
like
