okay so I was nominated to do this year
this high challenge which he doesn't
want me to do what I'm doing in honor of
sweet little Mia actually Who am I
kidding is Mia that we're talking about
no she is like the most like courageous
amazing girl she's such a little
firecracker and she is suffering from
pulmonary hypertension which is a very
serious illness and so we're trying to
raise awareness and this is for you Mia
I hate how you stuff on my face so
please it so much so know that this is
for you okay all right she seriously
ain't it so much as isn't such a big I'm
so surprised you're doing this okay come
on Abbi okay
oh and I'm wearing purple I have purple
shirt on but I want my posting at dirty
up okay good hey Annie go close so close
laughs hey girlfriend Oh
oh my god baby hates a just got time to
say I nominate my husband dick spree
here Neri once I donate you try to give
me I try to get away
okay the Glyndon
me my sister realized when Donna and
Melissa don't do it don't you freeze my
talents from me and me and love you were
praying for you
