hey guys what's up son just doing some
vlog edits and I wanted to let you know
that I'm doing a live video show this
friday at seven thirty eastern standard
time with gareth bottom from going vegan
so what is going to be is we're going to
sit down and i'm going to ask him a
bunch of questions about what it's like
to go vegan and what kind of lifestyle
change it is how is it easy to get your
kids to do it so i have just a ton of
questions so if you guys want to watch
that it's going to be this friday seven
thirty eastern standard time and if you
want to have any questions of your own
there'll be like a live stream in the
side so you feel free to jump in and ask
questions you have for Gareth as well
he's been doing it for nine months now
and he's doing really well so if you
guys want to watch that feel free to
come check it out it's gonna be awesome
