Gold whenever I get back from dropping
out after school when one is a nice warm
cup of tea not yourself something tricky
that is what I'm talkin bout so this
just happened Libby is now attached to
me kangaroo sack hey King grew up it was
hard to get her into this one but I
think she likes it she is pretty content
David heating up she's freaking out
before he put it in here and now she's
chilling out so that's good tamiya look
squishy though you like me do you like
being squished Vicky you knows for a
fact I know it's kind of squishy but if
she's happy I'm happy describing is
actually pretty hard to eat well you
have a baby in one of these things guys
you're always like a boat here clip on
their head and stuff I feel like
especially with stuff like where you
scoop it like if I got too much it would
all be like blue
does her face hey my you dance with your
sister she wants you to dance over me
get ready dance party dance dance dance
dance dance we might dance me with you
yes media team watch your head but hey
you can see ya she look happy it was
like a floating baby with her head you
know you can stop yo then good dance
scene she like that
