hey guys remember how yesterday I clean
the kitchen and I said that it gets
messy like this all the time and I can't
stop it well look it's first thing in
the morning now hey you got that guys
are people again man here it is messy
messy kitchen Missy Missy kitchen I
can't handle this
dome alki and I have been leaking ready
for the last couple morning's we have to
drive hey Mark I do you like driving
better d like walking better tribune
could I have to walk in hey I Hoffy know
yeah i know its life snowy it's been
freezing cold outside so we're gonna go
to school so i just got kicked out of
the parking spot that i usually go to
for when i drop my pie off it's been
some guys a restaurant right like in the
front party spiders restaurant chemo is
like he can't park here you're blocking
people as like whatever dude your
restaurant socks I went dirty ones that
it was terrible ok guys so I decided to
make sweet rolls today yeah
time to figure this thing out
hey guys so I got the its noise in here
isn't it as we get out of here I got the
printer setup in here by the boiler and
all of our photography stuff and our
pantry and big pampered chef things and
then our printer because it's got Wi-Fi
which is pretty dope because now I not
to have a sitting in our other room so
it's hard to get it out of it though so
it prints in there and then we print it
from here pretty sweet hey guys you got
another box of goodies need a bunch of
orders on amazon i got a brain tease for
my yoga another hard drive cuz ya know
try five head flexi arm / my gopro or
hopefully work with my hands ola minor
news ok so I'm going to try that GoPro
frame that I bought and I'm going to
switch to a rate now ok so here's the
difference it has a little lens cap too
so I don't know if that makes the
picture a different or whatever but it's
a little bit loose like it's not as
thick on the bottom part so it doesn't
screw and is tightly to this GoPro frame
which is a little disappointing but
might still be manageable wait see what
happy actually you want to play hockey
why yeah aside yeah you're crazy no not
a shy where Tebow hockey oh that's the
way from our fan hub me maybe when they
get home we'll play some table okay hey
guys my buns are done and now I just
gotta wait for them to be double in size
and then we could bake them and eat them
and they'll be delicious I can't wait be
excited okay you want to play a game
yeah you won't play all yeah Smosh yeah
whoa please go away for the girls leave
right girl hey guys so the buns are done
and they look delicious checking out and
i'm making chili for supper I might
actually save this for a late night
snack but I'm going to be eating those
buns with myself remember a lot so I'm
going to the lcbo hey look there's the
beer store but Chuck I'm going to get
beer anyway so I'm going to lcbo to get
some beer because i am making a chili
and my chili recipe has beer in it but
i'm not a big drinker and I've never
really been to the LCBO I don't think so
i'm not really even sure if they sell
beer so I'm gonna go and check it out
cuz i know the beer store obviously does
but i always thought the lcbo was like
liquor only but we'll find out soon
enough I guess
I had a coupon for three dollars off ten
dollar or more purchase and my purchase
was $11 so sweet score for the coupon oh
it turns out yes you can buy beer from
the lcbo and they have lots and lots of
alcohol in there I didn't realize that
store was so big till I went in there
how can there be so much selection of
alcohol I guess we're not a drinker so
like I don't really appreciate the
selection variety I don't know so there
I just topped off all my T's for eight
bucks and that's a lot teammate for
eight bucks for loose leaf tea if you
are our tea drinker for Lewis leyte you
know if I went to like a tea place that
would have cost me like almost 50 bucks
probably for that much tea so yeah I
like to shop at the bulk barn and the
tea is fresh man is always fresh it
tastes great hey guys so I'm just on my
way to go get molokai from school and
just want to show you how Levi goes give
it finally by we're not going to do a
jump you haven't fine yeah you a good
driver yeah yeah yeah yeah cool he wants
to play hockey later I don't know if you
can tell
this is the best way to get picked up by
school for a kid I think I know I think
that would have been awesome and we like
right past all my guys friends enough
they're all like whoa Malachi that's
awesome so guys I saw this thing on
facebook and it was like how to make
like these pretzel pizza things and they
were in the shape of like a pretzel with
the pizza dough so I tried making those
for supper and I know some taste like
pizza cuz I meet with pizza dough but I
mean you have the biggest craving for
pretzels because it looked just like a
pretzel and I remember like at the mall
having these pretzels at this store so I
have a pretty good recipe it's actually
from avenues cooking class from when she
was like three and I've kept it and they
were really yummy so I'm really hoping
that they live up to my expectations
because it is it's almost nine o'clock
at night not a huge is crazy for them so
I'm making them right now here's my
pretzels mmm they're so good I already
start eating one yummy and there's a
perfect time eat pretzels at night
you
