so I just finished my workout and sign
the kids the reasons why I don't like
this phase I'm going through it because
used to do chin ups push ups squats
those those three are the ones I don't
like the least so today is Vicki's
punish your day hey how old is this baby
boy that you're doing today unicorn on
Monday so he's like super fresh hey I
can still have like a belly button thing
I ready so cute I wish figurine whenever
I come back from these photo shoots I'm
always likely be something she is big
see how she's getting quite big but I
wish we could take you to show you all
the babies so we get to take pictures up
or Vicki does it all now but they're so
to call mini cherry Bakewell tart yeah
oh well okay I can't remember it's do
all right mini cherry Bakewell tart mad
mini Harry bacon tart so we have this
big giant cookbook for thousands of
recipes and we've decided to make choc
chip cookies the one thing you make all
the time but we never tried this recipe
so we'll try not see how goes right guys
yeah
so that day we made the cookies they
were good weren't as good as I hoped but
weren't bad the kids like them leave I
don't like it at first when I came back
I've no cookie so like but we can see in
Vicki's but you know what I don't think
I like the Hershey's chocolate chips
they don't taste pretty good there too
late sweet they have this weird kind of
artificial sweetener teeth I don't like
them so i don't think i'm going to use
those anymore hey guys so we just did a
game of table hockey and we streamed it
live so I want me to try out the live
streaming thing the pitcher Paul you
didn't seem that good i know how the
sound was but i just wanted to give it a
test run so we need a table hockey so
stay tuned for more stuff like that cuz
it wasn't too challenging but i'm gonna
see if i get better pitcher stuff and
then we'll try a new scenario i show you
three guys on youtube because it's fun
so I was gone for so long today had a
photo shoot I was gone from like 130-2
like 630 so I miss penny time with my
kids today so Livy and I are just having
some one-on-one time right now hey I
know you're gonna come over here and see
me I get come over here and see mommy
are you we were holding over here before
yeah
too interested in this carpet and the
way it feels in my face oh really maybe
keeps doing the situps and use up
against are you gonna sit up again are
you some use it up to me your big strong
muscles no you just want to roll take a
roll am i blocking you oh ok nice even
though what you want to do right now we
love this I'm finding my fingers mom
look at my piano fingers good pretty
hands oh yes I know you your toes
fun watching her
