hey us up so it's friday but it's a PNA
so all the kids are home okay and they
all want to go outside and play this I
don't want to go as high cuz it's
freezing cold and I don't feel like
playing in the freezing cold so I don't
know what to do Vicki are you gonna go
outside go oh you might it's freezing
cold what's the temperature today ice
freezing cold ice freezing cold yeah
that's the temperature for today I thing
of a bitter ice freezing cold I mean if
there's snow on the ground it is not
melting it's cold I got alas no but
today I have to drive Vicki's mom to the
airport pit to pick up Vicki's dad
because he was in Africa for the last
three weeks so I'm gonna go pick him up
but it's on every single major highway
in toronto area and then it straight
during rush hour traffic so I'm not
really looking forward to that part of
it it's gonna be dark it's supposed to
be like snowing or raining or something
so I come outside to play the kids we're
gonna go tobogganing and I just get
attached guys gather little fork in the
trampoline here yeah yeah I'm gonna
trampoline yeah
you guys are attacking me how many
snowballs over here oh yes snowball is
actually her they're pretty hard you n
you Ne Win hey let's go tobogganing
there we go they made it no
crashing okay we forgot our helmets I'm
only glad daddy this is our GT so race
ariat for like 15 bucks yeah insightful
unico by yourself how many you have to
put your femur break a movie till
they're going down there is Malachi and
Levi going down on the butt move oh is
that we do we should got on one all
right let's see it
you can turn your energy tee Bobby and I
just went down I mean I just went down
we're going so fast like I'll be hit the
break I told her keep her feet on the
brakes if you're going too fast turn
okay turn turn again we'll push I guess
I haven't hit the brakes because they
slow down quick haha what are you guys
doing here's the hard part of us
lighting after when you're just letting
the kids you gotta pull the stupid slide
all the way back up the hill and it's so
exhausting it's like the worst thing
ever and you're sweating it big egos who
needs the gym you're sweating so bad by
time you get back up you're like let's
just rest up here for a while how's that
i use my leg and breaks like pull them
off already why'd you use your legs
breaks I told you if you're going too
fast turn and it'll slow you down are
you okay ok kids ok you're gonna have
any malachi by themselves on the dt
pretty much clear path don't forget to
pray yeah i did i saw this no studio
from the side we really should have
brought your alley
I thought they were gonna crash yeah
okay so I think Levi and daddy are gonna
try doing the jump on the GT so this is
a jump here see how they view here they
come oh wait this is Malachi turn it
malachite a with your big brother wow
look at you good job guys hey rich a dog
no it's karaoke come on you're almost
here there's no dog I was just easy
there's no dog help me guys oh there's a
dog way over there hey Levi what
happened did you lose emitted over there
hope you lost amazing he lost your
maintenance up females guys at the top
of the hill and he wants to come down
himself hey everybody stop & please he's
not gonna go back bathroom first agency
money curious good news very good
driving okay mixer 1l Levi
oh sorry do not at you you got snowed in
space so you can see it brash enough at
him ok let me get over your cheeks
alright we're all done that's fine how
is that I'm sweating on yeah yeah hey
Levi was that good thumbs up fun yeah
we're all dead husband hey guys or so so
we just finished tobogganing i'm so
tired now havanese going for first ever
play date by herself he excited ya know
should be fun right so you going to our
friends a lot of toast who happens to
have our own blog right to the blog that
she tight she has her own blog and she
liked posts like things that she's doing
that day or whatever cute yet a blog
with the V she has a blog with the beat
it's a little bit different Thank You
fusing so yeah I'm he's gonna go hang
out with her social media friend great
Vicky yeah should be fun so the kids are
just busy making a welcome home sign for
their grandpa so they've all the letters
going on a big long banner gather
coloring and decorating with stickers
but check out other science coming along
guys it looks so good
you're gonna shoot them that's nice Oh
looks good we're gonna hang it up up
here I think so you can see it when he
walks in yes bud oh yes such a boy okay
here's their finished banner we do a
great job ha that's for when you walk in
the door ah so come in here and then
he's going to go downstairs a shower
because he's been in a different country
another playing for 24 hours so he's
gonna cook shower changes clothes I'd
come back up and over like a grandma's
oh yes Betty yeah you're just ready to
be people when they get home guys come
up mister I music yelling are you
beam attack no guys guys doing all this
wow I always little miss Madison
vlogging 20 should we get grandpa some
pizza okay
