it's the new year and that means Chris
hot is over it's a sad day in our
household today because we'd put all the
stuff away the creep gotta come down
eels is that's so sad are you guys sad
they're open all our Christmas
decorations away a little bit leave are
you sad that the trees gonna be put away
oh yeah and the Christmas balls yeah Mac
are you sad no no you don't care daddy
are you side your side but at the same
time I'm ready to be done I think
because they had it up for a long time
that's the nice thing you know putting
forth I won't feel bad okay later you
feel like you got a use out of it yeah
goodbye beautiful tree so this is a cute
little card that Malachi's class made
for Libby because she goes there for the
roots of empathy program so so cute a
little Christmas tree and all the kids
did their fingerprints as the the
Christmas lights on the tree and that's
sweet I love it Levi's got on his new
Iron Man skateboarding protective gear
elbows yeah I'll go show your hands oh
yeah Iron Man gloves and your knees
you're ready aren't you yeah I like can
you show me some cool skateboarding
moves oh did that hurt oh you showing
your bum did that hurt no I didn't cuz
you've got kneepads on ya
in our Bo pads yeah Oh sister fellow the
recycling bin you're falling yeah cool
move huh hey Nick what you doing I know
I talk about what are you doing on
that's a fact I volunteer system take it
back yep packing it up that's right
Frank I think two hundred fifty dollars
is too much money to spend well because
that's cheap okay it might be a good
deal for our surround sound system but
it's a big chunk of money when there's
things around the house that you need to
do first as you could tell from our last
video so anyways yeah nothing last video
was you surprised me with it me saying
why not to be big like I still love you
I still love you have an appointment
this afternoon with a lawyer advised me
the best places haha your voice we're
not silly what are you doing dude are
you doing what maybe the snake ya know
oh I'll be gato where else can you be oh
look you're all the way here you go you
swam away family always coming back
Mickey
are you trying to eat the monkey as a
crocodile oh goodness I've got a good
mix oh you ate the monkey oh that's a
big mouth for crocodiles have vendita
monkey what are you doing now yes silly
Wow daughter I I have to do like a day
in the life video Levi because I think
of just a hilarious look at you smiling
at you doing oh I give you kisses kisses
hey hey Levi Levi what do you love Libby
I am you had lunch
