yes nothing is making me laugh so maybe
as hell four and a half months old so we
decided that we're gonna try the and
we're all really excited for her to try
it so Nick's gettin it already putting
the batteries in so it works for her
it's ready to go excited he maybe that's
my powerful over you yeah in the
exersaucer how her feet is it on the
right level is the artist yeah yeah yeah
oh but she's got she needs to go up more
weight please go up a lot boy Levi
showing how it works oh yeah this is
probably a bad side when you start on
cuz it's gonna whack her in the face no
cuz there's nothing there really is hi
stuff yeah maybe are you in the
exercises thank you you are you doing
get more excited
yeah they're cool what's salad tada so
being on the floor all the time on your
tummy get she's like I went this in my
mouth he won't come close enough you've
broken out yeah this is hold similar
posture it's very well this is from
avenue and avenue was a baby she was in
this extra sauce or two and then malachi
used it and he was in it and then leave
i used it and all I can you should mix
legs and I'll try getting her legs after
cuz look at her legs guys it's kind of
dark pit but yeah they're not in me so
we fixed it so now she's on her tippy
toes are you gonna try it out hippie you
try it out you can move in there can
bounce a little bit oh come on us oh oh
oh you can try it out to be hey let me
maybe maybe Liam care with his new toy
that he got sheets on rihanna's I was
gonna try and fly in front of the camera
and that totally did not work okay but
these kids love it they're like shooting
shoot don't raise your hand I'm and if
he touches just her first oh god I just
reached his hand out of trying rabbit
cover yeah let me begin you
he's gone okay you're getting too close
to me they can see it just fine albany
what do you got going on over here okay
I'm gonna test even your interest rate
down the helicopter but you got your
cool new nerf gun that you got for
christmas okay Malachi's got his gun set
up Levi's got his ready to go havanese
all set over here to shoot all right
let's see everyone gets it 001 malachi
let's see Levi Oh both would okay oh
great I'm he's still not ready what
happening is taunting you yup
oh thank you hit it I think you did I
didn't get hit by Shane crashing whoa
first one hand it gets to stay up till
midnight no I don't agree with that I
don't shoot at me watch watches behind
you when you shoot it going inside at me
go on the other side shake it would be
over here okay oh my god
