and
hey guys so something happened today and
Vicki Nikita's broke to do sure I had
just take it back to the entire and swap
it out for another one luckily the
cheapo TV we bought comes with a
one-year replacement thing so they just
replace it for free first so I'm going
to set it up hopefully it works
perfectly so good news guys the new TV
works so that's always a win and the
kids are just inor because they have
their Christmas recital at church yeah
you guys excited you get you are too you
are you're excited I can tell huh leave
are you gonna be a sheep oh yeah
blueberry love he's gonna be a sick
sheep is that from his mom
yes me welcome to pick up that you rose
alright wanna try and maybe see if i can
record some of the recital for you guys
but Melissa time stuff like that is hard
cuz i have to fuzz out everybody's face
and people don't always want their kids
on youtube weird right what you say
can this thing what's that
what do you say to the pool hey love you
us who are the ladies you're late yeah
well you can run over to it again okay
you're funny no more no more hey guys
stuff so it was really hard to put in
the video of the kids Christmas recital
without trying to super spent hours
energy out all the other kids faces so I
wasn't able to get out there so I'm
really sorry about that anyways don't
forget to subscribe like and comment
below and we'll see you guys tomorrow
