you
here's melt ice skating for the first
time how do you like it
yeah define I yeah I know
you're doing it there's a lot of kids
here and a lot of them away p out this
is why they need helmets bring this game
for the first time there goes mollify
skiing helped by himself yeah dude
you're doing it
you're doing it
good job good job malc I about had a big
weapon / his face earlier but he's
better now here goes woof I with the
chair he wanted a video ain't show mom
you didn't get job with the chair
Malachi
come on fashion go now let go lightning
I think it's Jeremy stuck
oh yeah nice news oh so a Malc and I are
on the hunt for some pokemon and
McDonald's doesn't have them anymore so
now we have to try and go to a different
mcdonalds at walmart see if they sawed
off the Pokemon very Malik I think you
have it hope so so bad news email KY
they don't have pokemon rate bummer e so
we're gonna go see if we can actually
buy pokemon cards here maybe they're
cheap mill I don't know never bought
them yet you only had two dogs we go by
poking on president officer how do you
know hey ball how do you know what time
he fell down in there and they were on
there and mommy said no ok let's go
there and look after we're done ani
go on the side where I got that go on
this side where I got that office but I
got cheese okay just don't look after we
can eat as they don't have it there they
go Yeah right they don't have it they
don't have it came out guys gonna try
eating all these fries in one shot
he did it ok so we've discovered that
Libby and they can really see that these
guys girls come on and already here no
peeking it's okay just close your eyes
you want to put your hands okay apne
maokai here's this close right moment
yours is the same one you sharing your
skank close your eyes get ready open
Lego pokemon pokemon starter pack listen
you guys always share these but we
prefer leave an open oh can I ok all the
bad guys room from can I you can enjoy
the bag i say thank you this is fun to
do this one little present ed baby you
start a new tradition hey they can't
because it's hard to get cheap was a
bullet oh how do you ok cool let's go
see at libby's doing sorry maybe we
can't afford to give you a present a day
this year hello I'll oh livi are you
sucking on your fingers again you can
see her shirt when do we start shopping
i needa go shopping with mommy do you
like Queen shopping with mommy yeah
right now you're getting hungry
so as far as family movie night we've
got our cookies and our popcorn and
we're watching a movie a christmas movie
of course and we picked the Santa Claus
three and it's really funny because in
it they make everyone seemed like that
the North Pole in Canada ah it's kind of
funny AME yes thank you yeah I mean
sorry guys we are we lights up but you
can see are pretty christmas tree all
lit up
you
