hey guys so vicky's at work and I'm home
with these guys Louie was really fussy
again from teething I give one of those
chameleon things I don't we call it but
it seemed to work she's not crying so
much huh you sing a song for Libby oh
yay I set a chev we all fall down hey
everybody loves would be so much all the
kids are so good with her hey guys have
you ever played Yoshi as a cat cuz Vicki
and I get your honor hurricane sandy and
now they have a new one Yoshi's woolly
world so I got it and we're gonna play
it right tonight be excited if I here
are in bed yeah really care do you know
I remember really really liking the
Yoshi game when I was younger like loved
it I just tested it out with a beanie
and I was doing so much fun but her
mouth I both couldn't get the game of
the new heights there's a lot of stuff
yet to do i think i please my guys get
to swallow things turn them into exile
those in yeah they gave a lot of stuff
happen he's not just like running jump
through the level right which what
they're used to okay it's a cute game
look all cute the little woolly
characters and stuff are there was a lot
of fun to see the little guy came with a
meebo woolly Yoshi amiibo but yeah we'll
play later tonight hopefully Vicki
doesn't back out on me so I'm just
wrapping up some Christmas presents last
minutes it's one of the things we got
four abney when it was on sale a long
time ago and I just found it when I was
he up some episode and feel like we like
to get movies
runner on sale / thur good price but
lift we got like Rio to blu-ray six
bucks now a museum seven bucks turbo
seven bucks Charlie Brown five bucks
crude blu-ray seven bucks that's a good
deal oh and ten bucks a little bit more
than what I like to rim for DVDs but any
which is like one of their favorite
movies right now so I'm going to wrap
these suckers up so they have him for
Christmas hey guys so vicki was supposed
to play the new game with me tonight but
she ditched because i'm a mom and kid
sometimes I was first I'm supposed to be
first they're supposed to Clemson but
when one's still attached to you there's
not much you should do so I finish
wrapping the crisis and I'm just
watching friends that she's came in here
psycho wash friends idea oh it's still
playing with you no it's too late that's
your fault on record I said I would play
yeah well what time is it 1030 midnight
it's like one in the morning my gosh
we're gonna conclude with one in the
morning anyways let's see you guys next
week / tomorrow have a great night
you
