and
pilot beat he'd be happy girl today yeah
are you being happy girl oh my oh my oh
look at all that spit uh-huh we must be
getting some teeth you must be getting
some teeth with all that spit yeah he
must be are you being so happy are you
being so happy yeah oh yeah me a good
morning are you are you having a good
morning oh my oh my oh my goodness
gracious oh oh what what's so funny what
what oh my goodness haha you're being so
cute this morning yeah you are you being
so cute she's being such a happy baby
reading now she's teething a lot so I
was wasting all this bit and stuff but
if you follow us on periscope you can
watch these kind of videos throughout
the day cuz we're periscoping them right
Livy are we periscoping them yeah we are
so yeah if you want to check out our
periscope I don't know what you call it
a page the channel what do you call
those things are periscope thing then we
I've been periscoping every now and
again so want to check that out check it
out cuz it's a pretty big deal hey guys
so I was trying to organize a closet and
you do so I to bring like three bins
from the pantry to the shed and then
Vicki's like can you grab one bit for me
and show them getting them labeled now
look what's happening all these bids
cuz your tell me who's gonna blame for
this is it me oh I never asked you to
bring them all in yeah but you think you
bring up in with this size closing and
they all have at least one article that
size clothing here because they weren't
organized properly who organize them did
I organize them Vicki organize them so
that's my but so now I had to stop
what I was doing so until Vicki finish
is going through those and then I can
finish what I was planning to do so in
the meantime Levi's counting aside to
you play on the trampoline have you find
oh yeah you can play outside oh yeah
music I don't want to go inside i don't
want he hates being inside he would be
outside all day every day if we let him
this is how i like to watch levi play in
the hammock I said I mean play the
trampoline I said on my hammock and I
just roll out it's pretty nice not gonna
lie like that make it better fight a
fire going here and some marshmallows
maybe he'll do that later Oh Nick gave
me a job to do today remember all those
bins that you saw at the front door well
I'm going through all these clothes
right here on this so much to go through
he has so many clothes oh my goodness
guys because it gets passed on from al
Qaeda Caleb and then back to leave I and
so many clothes to go through crazy easy
peasy Malik I said so fast but we found
a shirt in there that Levi grabbed right
away that you wanted to wear right away
before I even washed it or anything hey
Levi show your new shirt Lydia hun
captain america shirt are you excited to
find that in the bucket wait let me see
turn around show everybody I don't know
what to present show everybody your
shirt captain america and we've had so
many size two jeans that fit good what
haha is that from grandpa I don't know
all these presents that are the tree
already time Nick wants to open them I
don't play with them because I know what
some of them are I know it'd be fun to
play with them yeah hey guys I know I've
been showing a lot of Libby doing the
same thing stay but she's bent eating a
lot me being so bad we're not bad it
she's been upset it's so refreshing to
see her like all smiley ready are you so
smiley are you so smiley yeah are you to
serve me a great sign you just having
fun yeah hi hi every time we walk faster
say sun-eater's he gets all excited so
much fun I can't be afraid to start
walking and talking stuff I know people
always like just enjoy it now but i like
it whether like levites running around
talking have a heart I like how he says
like words that we don't know it like
that hey what are you doing Levi you're
dancing oh yeah go leave oh yeah no
David yeah any one of these pages you
know give this yeah he's running across
the street naked what does it hook about
it's a boy you didn't read is at school
oh yeah we have it something cabal look
naked boys running around we see it
sometimes you see it naked boys to see
the private spot
yeah we're beat oh my really I think
twice about this school oh and also no
David no David things you breathe why it
with this kid with this bad stuff nice
moves dear lady like you saw this area
tell me Satan he doesn't hear Tommy nice
move leg that that's a hairy Tuffy whoa
whoa wolf please your dad here havanese
cleaning my beard levi you done you got
more moves uh so I gotta go finish
getting my beard cleaned and then i'll
talk to you guys later so I had the
worst night tonight the here into work
Libby was screaming at me the whole time
and just started pouring rain and if the
kids can sleep so they're really up in
my grill too but how many about cut were
champs and they took care of lead my for
me when I was trying to go of Libby so I
was really awful picky much work and
she's back home now and she's continuing
to sort through her many bins clothes
sheezy see how she is right now this so
she treats me to just ignores when
you're talking to her license to her
shows doesn't love anyone except for
netflix is that your Vicki sorry what
pay attention to where I lat that's what
she does all the time oh my gosh so
annoying Haley's I'll see you guys
you
you
