okay so we made it home but today I'm
going to try and organize the bathroom
that means building more self and I want
mama have twins and then I can hook you
up to see you guys hey guys so y'all
ready to go home right Vicki insights
thank you nothing is better than going
home after you ever be from austin right
it's like the worst place we have to
shower session if i should say it's the
worst place no but you feel so good see
a journey and you don't a shower and
like the hospital bathroom well cousin
people's blood and gossiping where's
Libby i bundled up in her car seat ready
to go that is the master of our seas oh
yes the doctor is always a ho wow he did
perfect you should be a doctor so yeah
we're gonna go to walmart get a little
gift for the kids then we're gonna go
home i'll be sighs yeah ok so we made it
home and now it's time to go inside
let's see everybody everybody's waiting
to see us there's Malachi way for us
Levi's up there in the window hey Levi
yeah sweet in the car yeah she's let's
take our leak you do sava made it home
look she's smiling oh she stopped oh man
smells good out here I hope that's
coming from inside my house hey
yeah the baby's here is he a baby yeah
she's here everybody's having fun with
the baby don't be new boring yeah a
newborn well you put the blanket on her
Levi she stays warm that's nice Wow yes
misty mason work yeah you guys pick that
outfit you did a good pic yeah if it's
perfect you pick the perfect size
because the every covering and they're
getting bigger and the growing so
they're fighting these lots of rest boom
if you wanted to get you got your
rainbow two bombs she got Malachi cars
maybe got that for you oh I'm gonna get
everybody and you got gummies and let me
go you guys gummies that was giving you
ensure no solid color oh really 200 I
like it cuz there's a shark in there oh
yeah that's the one you late oh you
already open it okay you want to open a
cartoon okay
yeah I open it all he's got wait yeah
she like she can't race done okay okay
there we go everybody's got the gift
malini hey guys day one night one of
baby at home horrible I like had a hard
time sleeping and Olivia would wake up
and she would just be screaming in my
face Vicki be like she doesn't eat that
again I'm like she's crying and then
Vicki would finally have to get up and
then she'd be up the hill to hear that
that's what she would do to us and she's
always guess he thought he just had your
night baby Kiki you feel any better she
was better at the hospital was what's
the essence news maybe it's her though
right not us she doesn't like the house
yeah or maybe she's not used to it yet
no cuz he really just got here she just
got here yesterday yeah sounds great
used to it yeah so I gotta go the store
and get some suitors because she was
such a goober I definitely needs us to
hurry we only got baby boy closer wait
la washcloth sorry I nice tutors and
other stuff like that and then hopefully
time will be better yeah yeah my mom
first game because I only lacks okay I'm
glad personally I'm glad she's home me
too and she's here yeah it's me Sam I've
been waiting every single day this year
and now she's finally here it's nice to
have her is no Christmas all day just
some aah and she's here for a beanie hmm
my first sister mms what I lost you want
more sisters yeah and I want mama have
twins and then I can hook you up to see
you guys hahaha I'm not sure that's on
mom's agenda do you think mom says this
is the last one yeah we'll keep you guys
updated but so far it has been terrible
hey guys so we just waiting guys suitors
trying it may be to calm down scream it
right at me I have any theaters in
ikaria say I will see if that makes any
difference but we got some girly wines
yeah cuz we don't want boy stuff right
at me I didn't turn this one big fat one
here's one daddy meters together here's
to the die too let's get up to fix so
now guys having a time with Libby and
she's so calm in his arms okay thank her
i er close cuz she smooth finish she's
leptin that we're gonna give her a bad
tonight you can put her a new outfit for
bed kike cargo and the big bats hopeless
we'll put her in the baby tub and you
want to go on the big tub yeah can she
go away big shiny yeah we're in the big
tub yeah yes are you gonna go to bath
with lit well you can't go in the
bathroom Corbett
athlete you got a bath at the same time
is ur and that's why I want to do my she
didn't have a sharpie so I was not
talking oh yeah in a factory yeah it's
bath night crying right now so I can
help you out with Libby Avenue such a
good big sister she's supposed to be
Olivia love the died she cute jamero
like spit up on me one time yeah because
I i I'm holding her and we could raid
after my mom fed her mm-hmm and so then
so then she had like this white puke or
something no fun the milk oh she's
sticking her tongue out at you so he's
got a knock at the door and got a
special delivery from my dad's church in
their movie ticket it's chocolate
covered strawberries yeah it's like I
can't really call these things edible
arrangement Vicki said come on just got
like they try to make all the fruits and
vegetables and so are not vegetables but
fruits into like nice cool flowery
shaped thingy it looks really cool are
you guys yes nice gift for you just poke
it off of this so yeah we're definitely
gonna be chowing down on this in the
next few minutes hey guys so I forgot
the camera but we went to Burger King
and had an awesome time they have like a
three-story jungle gym there and leave I
got all the way to the top and went down
the big lion slide right Levi yeah it
was awesome right so he really liked
that now we're gonna go this place I got
pick up a check and we're looking for
decoration so we got a mirror i'll show
you when we get in the car but we're
also looking for some other things to
help make our room look a little better
for baking so I just went to Sears he
got a whole bunch of it
he'll probably show you later but we ran
out so get some more and the kids wanted
to play in the plait braid goes Avenue
having some fun there's no easy over
here but I'm so tired we thought we've
been at all day it's like past three
o'clock now Malcolm wants to go buy new
Hot Wheels cars to do that I was trying
to buy some new bedding but it's so
expensive you guys are networked know
anywhere you can get affordable bedding
because it seems to be really expensive
so the kids all bought Hot Wheels cars
now they're just racing them down the
walls in the mall there goes Levi gonna
race it and they're down there
hey guys wait for us levi's your car
fast yeah notice anything different
about Avenue there's anything different
she's got a new necklace and new
earrings looks pretty apni ok so today
I'm going to try and organize the
bathroom that means building more stuff
so I'm building this closet thing I'm
going to build a thing to go over top of
the toilet and I'm going to try and
build a thing that goes here take down
that little shelf take down a toilet
thing take down those things mud them
and paint them so ya see how it goes ok
so our friends tata motors weighing got
us Chinese food for supper all right
guys yay this can be so yummy because i
am not able to make food where kiss
anyways we're gonna have to change it
right Avenue and what did we do
downstairs what did you and I do
downstairs maybe compete on and on on my
grandma's that'd be funny a what don't
open it and you're back from home one
right there gonna glance relax I know
it's gonna be funny
I don't know really fun hey guys so here
is the bathroom so far I put this thing
above the toilet sorry it does he's open
this is kind of some stuff I'm still
working here I'm thinking about putting
another little cupboard ething here that
will hold toilet paper and stuff it kind
of looks like that one it's got like
doors and looks nice everything and then
I put this little cupboard thing here so
the bath toys and then towels and all
that kind of stuff in there then we got
a new little towel rack that matches
this thing I batch exactly matches that
thing and I just saying not just those
things Sienna that's kind of it doesn't
seem like much but like it was a lot of
work excited to take all the old ones of
these things off pops the whole paint it
patch the holes painted patch the holes
painted so that was a lot of work oh
yeah they're used to be a shelf right
here so I to take that whole shelf
office one of those photo shows patch it
all paint it yeah there's a bunch of
work yeah petrol pinky a rate yeah yeah
so I work right yeah yeah I have a new
thing here they put her towels on just
kinda nice and a new shower rack thing
here yeah yeah sure I where's the towels
on Yeah right there yeah it was a toilet
paper yeah yeah it was a towel for your
fees okay yeah so that's what we did
right yeah yeah the poggi so yeah um I
don't know if it was the best idea
started renovating when the baby just
came home from the hospital but it
worked out
good job guys trying to come livi down
good job guys love you Bible tells you
good job
