take me forever to build this off we got
meatballs and a whole bunch of fish and
chips you kidding can you rule that with
you so I'm he is really bored today
should know what to do and Nicholas like
lying you bake a cake I don't and they
decorated it too with all the scrap
candy we have lying around to kick a
party actually get a good job and they
iced it too right did the Ice thinner
did yet Oh daddy I said the first time
and I did the finishing gas yeah but you
did it didn't you you baked a cake I
with a couple eggs but you did the rest
so now we're all gonna enjoy our
communicate fell Milan Albanese yummy
cake
okay so Vicki got this thing is called a
kangaroo rap and apparently you could
hold up to 35 pounds too right yeah and
Levi's 20 pounds 22 so we're gonna test
it out with Levi but is it there is it
is that rebellion way yeah I really
really wanted like a wrap instead of
like actual carrier I've been like
seeing these wraps and I've never gotten
them for the kids before so I'm like
this is the last one I'm doing a rap and
they had this one on sale for fifty
percent off so I got up like 30 bucks
sighs yeah so we'll try it out guys okay
I got to wrap on dong hoi put Levi okay
so you put his legs in in the exit says
beginning with the side closest to you
then you spread the fabric between the
baby's legs okay that way he's good no
his feet should be out there not in you
gotta get his feet right out isn't it oh
there you go yeah buddy okay it's Peter
oh okay now I pull this part up now you
got to pull the this kangaroo part pouch
up see where is it down here some you
did this right yeah are you thinking his
leg through the pouch it's right here
like are you supposed to do that you get
a leg in there his legs on I supposed to
be if you're lucky Oh after you put it
let's not look easy guys there's one
like to well honey I'm cutting debt
that's head out over here uh-huh bring
the front panel pocket over your baby
ski all right good spread it out over
there back no way that's it mmm that's
it he's in what do you think Levi you
like it you like it yeah oh look at you
snuggle right in there hahaha you did it
can you rule that with you can't dance
with you know doesn't it doesn't feel
heavy like feels every to lower he gets
yeah he's got Mauro knows we go round
yeah but he's 22 pounds right now's not
white but yeah it sounds like Dennis
drain my back or anything but they're a
newborn their entire back and arms
should be covered with this is
definitely more comfortable than that
other backpack one yet yeah for sure I'm
so excited to use it on the baby i can't
wait hey guys what's up club decided to
build a guitar maybe a Telecaster and
what i'm going to do is get a blue burst
effect now i watch some videos online to
see what other guys have done i wanted
to do the same thing so the first thing
i did i already do this for us to show
you stand it black i'm going to sand
this down and then i'm going to put a
blue stain over top of that i'll show
you guys what it looks like should i
hope it turns out really good but who
knows that are done this before okay
guys i stained it sanded it down and now
i'm going to stain it again with blue
and we'll see hopefully i've done it
looks really nice and blue with some
dark spots in the background of n stuff
so we'll see how it works out try it
okay so here's the first coat of blue
didn't turn out exactly as I hoped I was
hoping it would be more like I guess
more like this
but throughout so you always kind of
bloch your blue here blotchy Bochy so
I'm hoping when it dries it looks a
little nicer if not am I trying to stand
down some areas that are blotchy then I
do the blue again so we'll see how it
goes okay so we just gained a cost to a
trying
oh nevermind we just came to ikea and
we're trying to find some creative
solutions for our storage bodies and we
thought we tried their food if we never
had it before I and if you ever had it
so you get just cool little trade go eat
food on but we got meatballs and a whole
bunch of fish and chips so we'll see how
it taste the cinnamon buns we're good so
the verdict on the food and my Kia is
disgusting yeah I can't
surprise the fries are the only good
thing yeah Levi like strike which is
very second I go okay ya go we gonna go
throughout the gross food did he drop
the camera get him broke it in half FYI
yep I did here
you should've just stuck with the
cinnamon buns in the ice cream what are
you guys doing what is that Leroy guitar
rock it out oh that was doing drums very
good thanks a little band going all
right let's go guys taking our new
purchases out hopefully this looks
awesome inside our house not just junk
yeah restaurants to make an airy
terrible picking things out no Nicholas
it's never listen so this drop stuff
like a little twist in it and I think
that's making it vibrate on top of the
roof and that's what's making that noise
uh-huh but i'm too lazy to take it off
the switch but it's it's uh it's on
there good yes so on they're really good
idea that's good we have all this stuff
on a roof and then we start to pulled
over and there's all these horses with
their babies you're so good oh my babies
are one tears for
that's the straps maybe I'll fix in our
next stop
so you started to stop at lowes look at
the bathroom stuff cuz ikea didn't have
a lot of selection and they have this
cool card cart all three of them are in
case Turkey an easier drive mmm lose
your driving oh well put that you know
my drink and drive okay he's not good no
drinking and driving
he's such a fun dad oh like a roller
coaster yeah we drove by Wonderland
today didn't see ya yeah it was cool
okay and do some serious shopping now I
think I've done my Koda of walking today
my skin is totally stretching and it's
so painful and she's supposed to do
today yeah today guys I he's just
outside and i noticed this be eating a
spider look its lucky he's eating this
fiery as i got his leg off just chowing
down What's Up now spider hey like me
now oh my gosh that's so cool
ok Mickey you have to decide whose team
you on be your spider there's like you
both worse not even here it's combust
they're battling right now who are you
gonna pick well I think fine or if it's
in if it's not gonna weigh you're wrong
the bees one back in the way no there be
like flew up and just got him yeah he's
already true off two of his legs it's
amazing now would be the perfect time
for me to go into labor not take me
forever to build yourself I'm only on
box 15 and everything seems pulled arrow
in a disaster zone in the living room
yeah merely I'm ready come home with the
baby now like no good reason yeah so
even though making our bed right now um
and that should take him oh good four to
five hours so you think you'll take at
least three hours yeah at least yeah I
got pretty bad so here our beds moved
out into the living room you're just
have a plane floor this was more stuff
that was under the bed so here ya put
even more junk everywhere your chance
for Panavision was coming gone fine cuz
it's gonna be our exit I didn't want to
paint today especially like what if i
did go into labor and have the baby then
the paint's i'll be in the room the
babies can sleep in Oh what are your in
the hospital like 40 out I shouldn't
think need to be good idea so thank you
forget it how's it going in here it's
all good almost dead yeah been like an
all day thing all they say has a lot of
ours man yeah okay we have a headboard
I've never had a headboard in my entire
life yeah really hey how much space are
gonna be a yeah we're gonna be able to
get rid of these crappy dressers and
make more space these are big words air
yeah they're long in there deep yeah
this bed just fits in here though I
guess we couldn't I got a king he wrote
down instructions of what she wants me
to do for cleaning the house and she's
like make this fun today because we're
not selling yet we're we're waiting a
bit I can't function in this house I
really can't she's a room to be romantic
and make all take out all of your
instruments they don't want to look this
bad and the drums underneath the TV I
told her we should paint his room before
and I really wish we had it now it's
fine it's just like a plain neutral
color you can decorate it how do you do
i mean i like nice picture on the wall
like for the bedroom look at my handsome
here whoa handsome work it dude he's
established a bath owner here shower he
keeps trying to sneak in here to wash my
strokes more two star trek he's living
right now anyways and watch it is a
border but alright let's go let's go
that's really good okay we're getting
out of here hey guys what's up so it is
four o'clock in the morning and it is
August 10th which is the due date for
Vicky and she just woke me up and she
goes naked I think I'm having
attractions yay so unfortunately she
always wants to have a baby when we're
sleeping and retired and we don't want
to do anything about stay in bed she's
getting ready right now but so ya gotta
get up and we're going to wait a little
while make sure the contraction I'll
continue then we're going to head to the
hospital and get this party started
