so we just finished eating it for us it
was delicious
so we gotta get back to the church and
get ready for the dress and all that
stuff right away but it was a lot of fun
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah she was
here to you outside okay here we go
let's get this wedding tardy sturdy so
guys I mean it's the hotel we got stuck
in a little bit of traffic mouthing
actually cute but he got it in the
bucket and I try to leave my pants
morning and I remember them fitting
before and for some reason they were
huge was like he lost weight or
something I don't know so he's in jeans
and a nice top got it do you done and
your dress shoes and a beneath it's so
beautiful but she doesn't feel good you
can find 610 and I will see daddy now
extent okay knock on the door good job
guys we're all set up and ready to go
josh is getting married in like an hour
everyone's dressed alive Daniel let's
take a look
work it look it's guys pocket square tie
clips man
O'Neill that's what I'm talking about J
looking sharp got the hack at the pocket
squares where's Malik I will check out
and head over to the church in the lobby
kids are having a little bit of a snack
munching on some stuff here mention on
Sunday d6 and malachite is just being a
boy yes been jumping around even though
I said stay you neat and tidy and you
can't tell it for your boy to stay neat
and tidy just it's not some moron
doesn't work that way Johan the anthem
you look Malachi well look at this dude
looking sharp eh guys and the girls over
here looks so pretty the pregnant mom
you look so pretty to you yeah so it
should be a good day so far we're a
little bit behind I'm just waiting on
the bridesmaids and stuff to get
finished and then we're doing pictures
and then going to the church because
they get married in like 40 minutes so
yeah many times
these are my words and you will movie
except I think I like you get to squeeze
each other
so nice ceremony is over and we were on
our way to go get some lunch we just
started to importance to this right
beside the church an Avenue was feeling
really sick because she was so hungry so
we went there right away first but Malka
is like oh really woman going on so we
checked on the GPS there's McDonald's
like five minutes from here but we went
Seward's first there was no dry
characters gonna get our bagel so we
actually went in and she feels a lot
better Nash did water bottie little
bagel and stuff so hopefully she'll stay
good her tummy won't bother her and yeah
we're gonna go get us on McDonald's now
because I love ice cream why not her
game pictures done down by the lake it's
so pretty here they're having fun they
give you a daddy I know trust me I know
I've been like a single mom since
Tuesday and it sucks
just be careful you're not too close
there shake it's so pretty here don't
pick up this stuff drop it so pretty
guys I'm free I have no kids to watch
Nick just took them somewhere and I have
no kids to look after right now so it's
gonna enjoy it no kids
