okay the entire booth is now officially
set up before Vicky got here I had most
of the booth after she arrived she took
over probably three-quarters of it
believe I actually wanted to try on his
new suit in his dress shoes today look
how handsome he looks guys look at him
kill it fits my favorite one fit you you
got you shoes oops to get new shoes yeah
these new shoes oh they're so nice yep
and that one too you're so handsome do
you look like Daddy did daddy wear a tie
in a dress shirt too yes he does oh yeah
that's how I gotta put the sure times at
first you didn't want to just wanted the
shoes and I was like look looks like
daddy is like Daddy and then you put it
on oh I'm so cute so guys it gorgeous
day outside of course I want to go
outside and play and so we're outside
playing and the smoke next door it's
okay so that bad really ok we're fine
and then as we're playing they start
adding more stuff and the smoke was
getting so high it was blowing right in
our faces I felt like I was like
inhaling it and it has like that
campfire smell which I can't stand and
so now I'm like that's all I smell does
all I smell and so I took the kids for a
walk because I was like let's get away
from the smoke they're like totally
smoking us out of the house I can't even
open the windows or anything and then I
had the front door open getting all the
kids in and it was like just smoke right
in your face right in the house so now
all I smell so nasty so gross now like
Levi had a bath last night now he smells
like in such a pain i'm really tired of
all these fires next door sorry scott JS
i'm on the way to the home show Nick
kept calling me because he got there
first I was waiting for babysitter and
he was like oh I forgot this can you
bring that oh can you can you get this
too so I've got my big suitcase full of
stuff that I've got like hissing that he
has for my food my giveaway prizes like
that anyway so hopefully it's a good
night I've been
really hope so we're missing family
movie night tonight Friday nights are my
favorite and now I don't get to do it
that's okay i told them i told her
babysitter i said i said feel free like
let them stay up and watch a movie it's
family movie night so they can't popcorn
but not Levi and she's like okay cool
sounds fun so haze oh my go Nick's
waiting ok so back from the home show
and we're hoping that tomorrow's a
little bit busier because there's a lot
of stuff like traffic of people so
tomorrow should be better hopefully uh
anyways Nick and I are getting a lot of
alone time no not really we're trying to
network and get to know other people and
that people in the booths and stuff so
yeah should be fun and we will see you
there tomorrow I guess let you guys know
how it's going but I'm tired I need to
go to bed I was just picking out the
kids summer clothes out of the bucket in
the closet cuz like all their summer
clothes haven't been out yet but it
supposed to be really hot tomorrow and
they're going to be outside all day so I
was like oh I better get summer clothes
out and I actually I'm going to run to
walmart in the mornings I think they're
open at seven and I'm gonna go and get
um some hats and sunscreen because I
don't even have that yet and I know that
that is needed if the roadside all day
so I'm to do that in the morning so I
hate to go to bed and I actually fell
asleep in the closet in the clothes
bucket and I woke up because my foot I
was tucked under like I was like
cross-legged and it was like throbbing
because it was like in a weird position
like it fell asleep so that's what woke
me up but I'm like nodding off so I need
doing a bed and then i'll just get up
early right hopefully I don't know ah
next buddy of the night watching the
hockey game Montreal lunchy oh but like
as soon as he got home or even weeks to
get here as soon as y'all know me it was
like me by the way move off the computer
ready to go on your a square talkie yes
this is one of the games don't want to
see ya it's live it's like yeah okay
it's an overtired great well I got
Chinese food the home show is actually
really fun I like that guys yeah you
like it okay um can't fix kids don't get
anything telling old man i need to go to
bed so bad I can't I want to watch the
game yeah well i'm going to bed I'm care
about hockey so good night
