haha well guys another beautiful day
outside so we actually are outside today
yeah because it's been a couple of rainy
days in a row so really been out but so
nice to be outside it's gorgeous out and
so done yeah we're just uh it's around
the trampoline Malik I wanted to get his
the longboard out but I told him no
going on it until what oky can get it
but what do you need on your head silly
yeah helmet you're a little bit daring
on that thing I and I was my bladder and
a key oh wow that's nice let's see yeah
you got your helmet on I know oh you can
do that way too why are you but your
other foot on silly here you go no you
got it yeah yeah keep going hey guys sup
so I'm on the long journey to Brampton
Ontario so if you know where that is
holla and yeah I have to go there to
meet up with Josh and all the other
people that are gonna be in the wedding
and stuff like that because we're doing
a wedding rehearsal so man it's gonna be
a far drive I'm not
forward to it and the traffic see me
crazy because is rate at rush hour so
I'm hopefully like I'm done working at
four-thirty so I'm hoping I can get
ahead of some in this traffic but I
don't know about the wait and see hey
that's good balancing Malachi from Joel
wow that's really good hey so I made it
for Josh's rehearsal thing and we're
inside the reception hall which is
pretty amazing looking it's kind of a
look at this I guess our genius to work
on it you gotta walk through the kitchen
I guess there's a different interest for
this is swinging check out these
chandeliers man she and order to make
things look so pretty anyway this is
what the reception hall looks like it's
pretty big deal i didn't think i was
gonna look as nice as this look where my
kids decided they wanted for supper
tonight healthy and donkey apple dipped
in peanut butter we weren't happy at bar
jam sandwiches and then they were like
oh let's do apple are you dipping it too
ok let's see you have to actually bite
the Apple are you biting the Apple too
mm-hmm just look in the peanut butter
off ok so it's seven o'clock almost in
Josh until you just got here it was
supposed to start at five thirty six
o'clock but whatever that's cool that's
the way they roll don't come early for
the wedding yeah don't arrive early for
the wedding you will be disappointed we
were wrong about one reception all we
had is actually this hall not the last
one I showed you
technicolor lights that change colors
every 30 seconds walking in here no
pressure very good my shirt changes
closer to 30 seconds it looks like he's
yellow and it's green it's white what is
with you / yes do they have an option
that regular lighting no it's just this
is this the whole time that would be so
funny baby so fun it'll be later so yeah
it's pretty nice Oh looks like someone
had 25th wedding anniversary last time
okay here's what my parents have to do
for the dance when they come into the
way there
haha
they're laughing with excitement that
was good that was not bad that was good
Yeah Yeah come on Josh
he's moving yeah so josh is the only one
in the family to a smooth I guess hey
guys are just finished off the reversals
ten o'clock it was a lot of fun it's
going to be a really fun wedding I can't
wait to show you so make sure you come
back next week to watch all the wedding
footage
