morning guys it's a beautiful December
morning you would think it was december
with all this snow and this crazy april
twenty fourth and i have to go out now
to take malachi to school so i have to
go and actually sleep off the car it's
like look at this I woke up and I was
like are you kidding me like it's
actually like a winter day insane this
is my breakfast guys orange juice the
vitamin C and a homemade carrot muffin
in my baby pill then I got this awesome
new book by karen kingsbury some of my
favorite authors and it's a new series
so this is the second one in the series
and I've been waiting for it for like
weeks and I finally got it and I'm just
can't put it down it's really really
good so yeah I like to sit the breakfast
table eat my breakfast and read my book
what do you guys like to do for your
morning routine for breakfast you look
at the paper do you just there and eat
quickly do slowly take your time or are
you at the table with all your kids and
you have to get up every five seconds I
like to wait so everyone's all done and
then when they're like all off at school
and everything and I sit down and I
enjoy my breakfast and I read do you
know how often that happens not very
often because this little guy likes to
climb over my eyes laughs and steal her
breakfast I'm really regretting taking
this main road to get to the pharmacy
that I need to go to today because
there's so much construction
ok
I've been stuck here for like 10 minutes
me by how you doing you watching frozen
Elsa oh yeah so guys we finally get to
the the pharmacy and I had to be here
before 11 and it's 1030 and they tell me
it's the wrong one I have to go a couple
more blocks down to another plaza oh my
god you serious I with your all that
construction for nothing seriously
because the reason why i was so i could
turn onto the corner and not have to go
through all the lanes and I'm really
regretting my decision so now I gotta
drive past it again to get to the other
stop is so confusing that was the most
complicated thing ever they had to like
measure my leg and guys by like so
swollen it's two inches bigger than my
other leg is that not insane that's
crazy and I said oh well is it okay if
my husband comes and picks it up and I
said no because you have to be shown how
to put it on their special gloves and
everything I'm like oh my gosh I had no
idea it was as complicated to get
majority compression stockings seriously
I don't even know I hope I like them and
wear them because this has been a lot of
money and a lot of hassle so H&M was
nice enough letting users to try on all
my luck the jewelry and all this jewelry
here I don't know what style will go
with the dress for the wedding and I
have bought some jewelry at Claire's too
so I'm going to put the dress on and
then char on the jewelry see which goes
with what neckline and hopefully get the
whole look before the wedding because
it's going to go fast so yeah I'm in
this video I'm going to do that and be
my eyes just gonna be something safe
yeah you would yeah you want it up there
okay so maybe I likes green be on
finding out
yeah he did Thanks french fry he calls
it soup here hold your french fry I can
dip it in the gravy is that good you
like the gravy you call it soup it looks
like soup yep soup what's this knave i
SAT one who's that listening Hulk here
I'm guys crazy halt Hulk Hulk yeah Hulk
is it the Hulk you really know your
superhero hey bro yeah pretty cool eh
you want to sit well that one you can't
sit on you just down this one any by on
the back are you too small yeah cute or
nice look at you Oh boom boom you a big
boy you like that one yeah the green one
oh ok you try ok never on the Greenland
no you just want to take off and go
don't you so we are going to surprise
avenue at school she keep saying oh I
want somebody to pick me up at school
like it said me ever take the bus so I'm
off stay sick Vicki's here and
everybody's here so that gives
everything back there so she's Vicki
just walking over now to go pick up so I
think she's gonna be really happy never
going there were any or the library get
some movies I was so tired for the
driving around all day though so we're
about to start family movie night and we
decided to block the erection air
mattresses for the kids tonight so there
we are there we play on your mat yeah
jump on alice is falling between the two
of them he's stuck he's falling between
the two air mattress minute please duck
