each other hug you guys love each other
geez oh that's nice nice hugs brotherly
love brothers for life
see I told ya yep ha more hugs more hugs
he says ah he squeezed it too tight
oh whoa oh oh gosh it lands on your foot
smells I got this weird stuff in a bag
from Jules birthday party and what do
you think about it it's firewall D it's
spider webby yet Dixie goes six does it
feel slimy slimy like this
Miami does it stretch far yeah see oh we
don't really know what it is x-bar leg
oh it's spider web it can stick see what
this looks like goo oh if it is it grows
back wall no is it fun to play with yeah
yeah sorry oh it's all wrapped around
your hand
thank you no gonna get sticky Oh in it
bro hey what-what are you saying over
here you you think it's gross hey you
think it's gross papa muffins yeah I
have a huge craving for muffins and my
mom brought out some raisin bran muffins
and was like would you like one I was
like these are gross this so I'm ukee
muffins
but I'm cheating obviously because like
I'm using these because um I don't feel
like putting ingredients together and
actually baking I'm cheating and pouring
the mix in and pouring water and mixing
an√≠bal and putting it in the oven so
it's not hard and minimal cleanup - so
that's good but yeah I can't wait to eat
some yummy carrot muffins and then I
also made some oatmeal chocolate chip
I'm gonna be really good I really wanted
some muffins today I'm at a dark rainy
yucky overcast day they said we're
calling for a little bit of wet snow but
I think it's just raining seen on the
patio table
mommy's bus should be coming soon I hope
it can fit with that truck there whoa
well it makes me feel better about being
sick and stuck inside when it's not a
gorgeous day hmm maybe are you having
your turn playing the Wii oh good job
he's cutting things in hash guys get it
okay oh it's Malachi Stern mama
Malachi turn first Oh give us Malachi
let him have his turn now neiko dick
turn yeah Pierce - what's know they
called for now it's definitely turned
into snow you believe that gorgeous
sunny weather - snow oh my goodness look
at it coming down oh well turns out the
weather people are right snow after all
so guys for my I've been having a take
eye drops and I don't know about you I
can't do it to myself like I just can't
do that so I've been having Nick do them
for me
and he hates doing it but I can't do it
either
yes go okay
okay close your eyeball ready I don't
see your attic
oh man it just grosses me out to watch
it okay let's do the next eyeball he is
so gross man when it comes to Isaac just
grosses me right out I can
pies and needles these are my two things
and I can't see you guys anymore so my
and Vicki made me sick
thanks Ricky as I didn't make you sick
yeah you did and now my whole night is
ruined
Wow so hopefully I get better soon
because I need to be ready for Josh's
wedding which isn't like a week and a
half
