we were just outside two seconds ago and
then all is started healing even in
nowhere yeah it was just like nothing
and then straight to hell and there's
like right away to the trampoline like
it ah I'm getting blasted with it ever
close the door are you still I get
grocery is getting off his head crazy
canadian weather for you okay ebony and
milk I are gonna have a big arm wrestle
much ready set go Oh Avenue you have to
keep your elbow on the ground your elbow
can't come off the ground ready set go
Malachi you got beat come on try again
your elbow has to be on the ground ready
set go look I even trying go come on
walk i go on avenue go go go oh you
can't be me punk 00 have me believe I
wants to arm wrestle somebody okay ready
put your elbows on the ground flying
your belly it's not fair right down Levi
no don't show me your belly lie down on
your back yeah like that okay ready set
go come on Levi put your hand down go go
go get her abney win Joe like do it oh
really gabonese a champion you want to
go against me yeah okay k ebony and
daddy's bed hey set go
Oh pushing down they actually try it
good i got a real okay ready set go
crazy ready set go oh my wrestle me
anyway ready well guys I made it through
another day anyway Lily really hard oh
my god you sleep right now my eyes
driving me nuts yeah I got pink eye in
the other eye I must have like smoosh my
eyes when I was in my pillow or
something 07 catch my eye anything and
I've only seen quat like I did anything
I don't know how I got in the other eye
I know it's really hurting and I still
want to even lift a finger today so
Malik I had a smoothie and he decided to
drink it like a drink I'm okay maybe
we'll plug his blush all straight yeah
is it tastes good yeah what's happening
somewhere piss on your nose Anya knows
you look like a clown give it like a
silly clone at least you like it you
can't have a cookie dough cookie for you
hey okay what yeah I think you need
that's hot yeah I think you need a white
for sure so yeah he had a smoothie and
he got all over his face a little bit
hey me my new jammies on yeah yeah yeah
you want what oh you want trucks you're
on truck jammies okay watch yourself how
about about these ones with
oh no no what about these ones with all
the animals on it the monkeys and the
alligators no um what about this one
with the big moose yeah no that's not
what you want I like Jack you want
trucks um what about this one yeah
monster trucks yeah that's what you
wanted tracks yeah trucks are those your
fever Jimmy's yeah who's your favorite
jammies yeah yeah trucks and they're
getting too small what are we gonna do
they're getting too small i need socks
like a some socks okay hmm sucks hey
yeah here we go okay yeah I'm gonna get
our jammies on oh ok ready gonna pull
the sleeve yeah yeah pull yeah boy in
jail Bowen you get your envelope there
it is candy data when you pull the
sleeve pull this knowing that app down
put this way is it out dere it is okay
now put over yet oh you can do it Oh
Polly my good job yay good job hey guys
what's up so i might be getting a brand
new guitar and it's gonna be awesome if
I got it those are you pit revenge go
open it up check it out this is the
guitar now I know you're thinking oh
nick nice Les Paul well it's not
actually a Les Paul it's a crafter mock
of the Les Paul but still looks really
nice and I think I'm gonna stick i might
trade his guitar from
for this audio interface that i have so
i have this audio interface here is
Steinberg it comes just like the discs
and stuff for it but fingers crossed I
hope he does because I don't ever use
that and that would be fun even if it
turns out to be a flop and I just sell
it again or something at least like I
get this neat looking at art Rio for
training for something I never use so
hopefully the guy gets back to me say
he's like oh yeah let's meet up and do
it and I can go give it tonight probably
not but I hope so hey guys so the guy
didn't get back to me both at guitar so
I don't know if he's interested in the
deal still or not but I hope that he's
kind of taking the night to look over
what I'm trying to offer see if the
stuff that I'm talking about is
something he'll be interested in and
hopefully wants it because I really want
that guitar but Vicki's so sick tonight
guys need to remember to pray for Vicki
because she's got red eye in both eyes
she's got a stuffed up no sore throat
cough basically everything that's
horrible that could happen to you is
happening to her right now so remember
in your prayers she's feeling really
sick she could really use our help and
I'm going to be sleeping in the living
room I don't know if you can see that on
our new air mattress because I don't
want to get sick because it might and my
little brother's wedding is coming up in
two weeks so I can't afford to have what
she has right now during that wedding
because it's the craziest wedding is two
weddings in one week he's having an
African soil wedding and a
canadian-style wedding so it's going to
be the craziest week I can't afford to
be sick like that so I'm going to sleep
in the room to avoid Vicki at all costs
so yeah anyways thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe thumbs up and
leave some comments below so we can get
to know you guys a lot better see you
later
you
