if I knees his glasses on to drive and
drive your fire Jack you need your
glasses on I'll go crazy driver see
right so leave I wanted all of his
stuffed animals out of his crib for his
nap on the couch you got all your
animals look at them all day grab them
all didn't you know his mouth Mayan yeah
yeah turtle I know panda know what up
now is now in there wears me out lately
o.o two airplanes fly no plastic why and
then milk I went and got his animals too
he's gonna chill for a bit to your
animals you got what you got over here
got spin max zebra turtle I call him
Maxie Maxie Maxie the turtle but you're
the alligators name yes okay I'll go oh
nice okay yes let that turtle that's
just turtle I slept at own little turtle
I call him yeah a lot for a while hmm
and see that zebra at me I thought his
name was max and then baby spin no I
said Benny Benny you changed his name
yeah I don't wear it back it we're exact
guys this is my awesome new triple
stroller I finally get to take it out it
is like a summer day out here like it's
I could be very short right now it's
crazy hot out here but i love it because
it's got these shades for your done on
both sides okay guys I want to do it
anymore say no thank you and look what
Eve I get to sit he's gotta do a little
charity buses into and everything you
like it you wanna go for a walk don't go
for a walk yeah that's good never got
our big kids I have to walk we here we
go first time using the triple stroller
is that your stage because I using the
tree stump as your stage no show's over
ok let's go for work we're on the bridge
and we can see in the water and there's
finish you see the fishies swimming I
know you guys can see in the camera I
can see them ah you see them fishies
yeah do you see them guys you see the
disease and there's some on the other
side too or is a big one right here
there's a big fish right there right
there guys see them here right here
swimming that's the mom that's the mom
of all those babies that'd be a lot of
babies look at darwins going really fast
yeah you went over there cool Beckett
fell asleep on our walk that mean eels
news in the stroller and now we're gonna
sit outside on the deck and have some
popsicles
malachi Brielle's talking you to wait
your turn you're really excited for
popsicles hey guys sup so yesterday get
to finish my motorola verse Ottawa game
so I'm watching it now and it's the most
intense game ever seen in mind you're
alive it's so good like people gave me a
gold gold gold back and forth back and
forth is really good and the kids just
had their showers and baths and stuff
like that so I'm gonna watch this game
and then I might watch the cowboys
Vancouver game after this I don't know
yet but then I'm gonna do some video
editing what's up to have a good bath
yeah you're out your jammies now y'all
cleaned up good job good job good job
and tomorrow I'm gonna start really
doing some work on the yard on the
pathway so stay tuned for that because
gimme it Oh escort Amy's I gotta go this
game is to attend I got to watch it hey
guys what's up so I'm really nervous
because there's just worship thing
coming up fit I kind of had part in
saying hey let's do this this is a great
idea and then I'm doing the first one
and a thousand be so cool with a big
who's going to do with me and I was
gonna this is my first one of my first
time its kind of seeing about it and
then Vicky was going to be kind of this
one of the main singers are the same
seniors and playing guitar and stuff but
I'm going solo there's nobody else like
no singers no other system is just me
and I'm like I don't think I'm good
enough to be able to do it so I'm like
super scared nervous to do it and vicki
was supposed to come and help me but her
parents are not going to be able to
watch our kids so now i have to go solo
yes friggin believe it yeah easier said
than done we only have like two sitters
that we allow watch our kids anyways so
nervous but also on the other side of
things i'm completely the topic i'm so
excited because nanny 911 is on netflix
now and i love watching their families
yeah it's fun to watch maybe like good
ideas and like for Discipline realize
how good our kids are oh my god that's a
blast and realize how awesome we are his
parents yeah I compare myself I don't
yell that much I know right
really humbles you um one thing that I
was saying to meet you just now is like
every single youtube family is having a
boy of a voice set for us right now
because I was just watching a family
that has five boys and i was like i'm so
glad God is giving us another girl like
one one thing I'm really happy for their
having a boy is the blame this question
for you guys because they got three
girls and now they're getting having a
boy and they seem so excited when you
want to watch their video just like to
their announcement video or whatever it
was so cool so if you guys haven't
checked them out yet i'll leave the link
below cuz they're really fun to watch
two so you should check them out but
yeah everybody's having boys so for you
I said it must be like in the States
it's like boy year because in Canada
like where we are everybody knows having
girls so it must be cannon the States
border yes I girl on this side yeah i'm
happy i'm in canada it's good to be me
yet yeah so we're really excited that
someone who were having babies on uzhe
was fun right Vicki he's neat anyways
that's about it first night and Vicki
session do very very vlog so I think it
might be a short my gosh guys my day was
insane yeah like trying to keep the 21
year olds from the dirt pile that Nick
has going on make the walkway and not
falling in dirt holes was next to
impossible I was gonna work on it
tonight but then he had to go to work
right away then she's like his birthday
so I was gonna take care of side doing
that I couldn't do it so I'm gonna try
to do tomorrow night and then she's a
cute BBQ first night in front like okay
like suffering delaying it and saturday
i have to help Vicky's boss sister
because i was keeping an eye on the kids
so much and chasing them everywhere that
i couldn't even log my Blake I could
even vlog guys my day going crazy i
couldn't even blog that today so I tell
piggy sister route on Saturday so
tomorrow when you're watching this and
then Josh's concerts at night and now
I'm thinking I'm not sure if I can build
go to joshs constitute a how long yeah I
from work after my crazy busy night at
work and he's fast asleep on the couch
haha what time is it I fell asleep three
times I fell asleep well the kids were
just finishing up for Ray for bed i fell
asleep then I fell asleep without me
when I heard bed then I fell asleep i
want to put in bed then i came out here
on my own a clean kitchen like but i'm
just gonna sit down for a sec cuz i'm so
tired from waking up fell asleep then
Vicky got home I mean when the butter
was still on the counter that's how much
you did not clean the kitchen god forbid
the butter story they say it weighs will
talk to you guys tomorrow have a great
night don't forget to thumbs up
subscribe and leave some comments below
if you haven't already so we can get to
know you a little better be a great
night by gosh she's beautiful
