attorney to other hot burning news fire
of this day the confirmation hearings of
Brett Kavanaugh when the week began it
was the widespread consensus that the
hearing of Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh was going to be ho-hum but in
fact there have been more plot twists
dramas and complications than expected
and today Senator Cory Booker led a
revolt over what Democrats felt was a
bogus rule about keeping certain
documents from Cavanaugh's years in the
what Bush White House confidential
I knowingly violated the rules that were
put for and I'm told that the committee
confidential rules have no incompetent
consequences and so sir I come from a
long line as all of us do as Americans
and understand what that that kind of
civil disobedience is and I understand
the consequences so I am right now
before your before your process is
finished I'm going to release the email
about racial profiling and I understand
that that the penalty comes with
potential outs ting from the Senate any
senator officer or employee of the
Senate who shall disclose the secret or
confidential business or proceedings of
the Senate including the business and
proceedings of the committees
subcommittees and offices of the Senate
shall be liable if a senator to suffer
expulsion from the body and if an
officer or employee to dismissal from
the service of the Senate and a
punishment written for contempt right so
I bring up I would correct the Senators
statement there is no rule there is
clearly a rule that applies in the Bible
demand and bring the charges mr. airman
training now senator Cory Booker who is
a member Judiciary Committee and made
his protest quite clear today in that
confirmation hearing first how did that
come about well last night I had a
frustration that there were documents
that we had in our possession that they
were they were not allowing the public
to see after repeated requests from
Democrats I just used that documents
last night violation of procedure and it
began to bubble up again this morning
they were scrambling to deal with what I
had done and and so there was a lot of
heat going into that and at some point I
just had had enough and basically I've
been doing what I've been doing all day
is just releasing document after
document after document I've released
about 20 so far okay there's a violation
of their sham rules right so bill Burke
who is the lawyer who is by the way
Steve bannon's lawyer Tom McGann's
lawyer and also the lawyer for the Bush
administration overseeing the release of
documents basically said reporters say
this was a stunt you pulled because they
already cleared all the documents you
these documents were cleared and Cory
Booker just was grandstanding is that
true where the documents already clear
were you violating the rules like I
don't know
I violated the rules and I am violating
the rules and if it was just that
histrionics and why would John Cornyn do
something that really I've never seen
before in the Senate which is literally
accuse me of breaking rules and telling
me that I was facing an out sting of the
Senate really threatened me with that so
if what he's saying is true then John
corden wouldn't have gone there and the
reality is it's all moot at this point
because I'm continuing to release
documents that they haven't they haven't
they haven't approved yet so okay so
this is a small thing but I just want to
make sure you you go there and say this
is a ridiculous rule we have these
documents these you may put bulb-like
what is the possible rationale for
keeping them you've released in a
violation John Cornyn read you the riot
act and says the the penalty for this is
expulsion and then later what you're
saying is they're lying to save face by
basically saying like no we didn't we
already said it was fine but that's a
lie is what you're saying yeah well it
also our last night when I broke the
rules now they're scrambling to try to
do it John Cornyn went where he should
not have gone and that's why I said
supple this medians I will accept
responsibility because they know it's a
sham rule I'm not gonna get
small to the Senate and so I so so now
they're trying to clean it up talking
about one document when I've ordered
released 20 documents here's the thing
about these documents which are
fascinating there's 40,000 in this bunch
that got dumped right I don't even
understand what is their stated reason
this guy was in the Bush administration
for years they're being turned over and
curated by again Steve bannon's lawyer
it's real thing what was even the stated
purpose that we can't see these they
seem entirely germane some of them
actually make Brecht have it all look
like a pretty thoughtful dude right and
so that's the point there's absolutely
no reason these aren't doing the done
because they're classified or national
security there's no legitimate reason
for them to be withheld but that's not
even the largest point the largest point
is they're coming out literally we got a
thousand documents at 1:20 p.m. today a
thousand documents on the last day to
question him these were just a fraction
of the totality of the documents only
about 10% of the total documents of this
man's body of work we've been able to
see and so we've just gone through all
these hearings having 10% of his resume
in order to evaluate him some of those
documents might be exculpatory
some of them will bring up issues around
sure around row will ground racing the
law you name it and so this whole
process has been a sham it's being being
we're being blocked from a full airing
of this person's record the full
opportunity to vet them and and and
that's why this should catch everybody
at a time where we are we are in a
crisis in our country with what's going
on in the White House where this person
has expressed views about giving the
president a free pass should he get in
trouble
all this stuff is going on for him the
lifetime an appointment we don't even
know his record as I watched I watched
the drama unfold today as it was
fascinating for a bunch of reasons how
much is what's happening because of
Merrick garland for this reason the the
the your perception your colleagues
perception of the gravity of the
violation of traditions and norms by
Mitch McConnell and not offering the
president even the hearing on his
nominee makes whatever norms or
procedures whatever they're imposing now
seemed preposterous to you
you know Merrick garland is an insult
and injury in and of itself but this one
that this is to me Grievous that we are
rushing a Supreme Court justice through
and at a time where we don't have
hundreds of thousands of pages thousands
and thousands of documents it just this
is not the way it's done and then this
sham process to shield documents from
the public this is in and of itself
rotten to the core and again we know
what happened with Merrick garland was
rotten as well so there's a question
about are you gonna get anymore can you
get anymore can you do anything to delay
because there are as you said and Mitch
McConnell flag this apparently was
lobbying the White House not to pick
Brett Kavanaugh precisely because of
this issue hundreds of thousands of
documents from his time in the Bush
administration like what's going to
happen well again I don't know we've
shaken up the process today we're seeing
them move to try to release more
documents so I think we'll get some but
it'll still be a drop in the bucket
about the totality what I'm hoping is is
that people will understand that at a
time that we need more legitimacy in the
Supreme Court the time the Supreme Court
might face real issues about can a
president be indicted can a president
pardon themselves in the light that
perhaps some Republicans will say that
wait a minute and
time we might be going into a
constitutional crisis the legitimacy the
court is important and we're either
gonna join Democrats and demanding that
he recuse himself or perhaps we should
pause now I don't know how that's gonna
play out I've seen on health care some
Republicans shift at the last minute and
so that's what I'm gonna continue to
press for I don't care if somebody tells
me it's that this is an inevitable
conclusion I'm gonna fight every single
step of the way there is a third round
of questioning that those hearings are
ongoing am I correct about that you are
as soon as I'm done with you I'm running
back to the committee room and there's
more and there's I mean that and then
that will be will that be it for
questions tonight and then there's more
testimony tomorrow know where that'll be
it for the open testimony and then we
will go into a private room where the
public cannot see and ask him questions
some of which are appropriate for being
private but then those committee
confidential documents once I have been
able to release yet and a lot of others
will we'll get a chance to talk to him
about that and that to me again those
are their just committee confidential
because bill Burke this lawyer said they
I like I don't get it with they're not
classified no and who is bill Burke
again that's what making the
determination about what you talk in in
closed session yes and that's why again
if you read my Twitter account that's
why I am releasing these things right
regardless of what the consequences are
to my time in the Senate but I promise
you at least I believe strongly that
because they're sham rules they're not
going to move to ask me from the Senate
well yeah I mean they don't on the books
for expulsion so just you know fire up
your phone and livestream the closed
session all right you really want to do
I really want to shake things up senator
Cory Booker thank you very much thank
you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
