the stunning revelations that top
officials inside this White House have
been actively working to undermine the
president and shield the country from
his quote reckless decisions so here's
our question who is really running the
government I have a great team here to
help break all of it down but first I
want to explain exactly what's going on
everyone in Washington and at this point
across the country is now trying to
figure out who is behind this anonymous
op-ed in the New York Times describing
so-called resistance inside the Trump
administration the president is
reportedly furious calling the source
gutless and a product of the deep state
but the author says they are not alone
citing a group of senior White House
officials and trunk appointees working
to quote frustrate parts of the
President's agenda as well as his worst
inclinations another source tells Axios
there are dozens and dozens of
like-minded officials the op-ed writer
says the administration has had
successes on issues like deregulation
and tax reform but insists they have
come despite the president's petty and
ineffective leadership not because of it
quote meetings with President Trump veer
off topic and off the rails he engages
in repetitive rants and his
impulsiveness results in half-baked
ill-informed and occasionally reckless
decisions that have to be walked back I
could have probably told you that one
and it also says quote it may be cold
comfort in this chaotic error but
Americans should know that there are
adults in the room we fully recognize
what is happening and we are trying to
do what is right even when Donald Trump
won't as you can imagine President Trump
he didn't take this well so if the
failing New York Times has an anonymous
editorial can you believe it anonymous
meaning gutless
toriel we're doing a great job the poll
numbers are through the roof our poll
numbers are great and guess what nobody
is going to come close to beating me in
2020 oh boy it is fascinating to see how
closely
The Times op-ed tracks with reporting
from Bob Woodward's new book which also
includes accounts of White House
officials acting on their own as opposed
to following the president's orders
former Trump opponents that may sound
like great news but it raises a lot of
questions if you like President Trump or
not he was elected by the American
people whoever these unnamed fishel
safar they were not elected and it is
very troubling to believe that the
president is acting in a way that could
be making this country more dangerous
but it is just as troubling to have
anonymous White House officials taking
it upon themselves to basically run the
government we don't know who they are or
what they're doing that is not what the
founding fathers intended in fact there
is a provision for just this sort of
occasion the 25th amendment that's what
I'm talking about it allows for the
removal of a president if he's
incapacitated or unable to do his job
the author of the op-ed says the cabinet
did not pursue that because they didn't
want to cause a constitutional crisis
news flash if what they are saying is
true we have already got one
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
