civil rights groups fighting a Trump
administration plan to change the
definition of gender to essentially
eliminate federal recognition of
transgender people today hundreds of
people gathered outside the White House
to protest a plan to establish a legal
definition of sex which was revealed in
a draft memo obtained by the New York
Times let's take a closer look at how
this came about the Obama administration
loosened the legal concept of gender in
federal programs including education and
health care it recognized gender largely
as an individual's choice and not
determined by the sex designated at
Birth in 2016 the Administration issued
non-binding guidance directing federally
funded schools to allow transgender
students to use bathrooms and other
facilities that match their gender
identity rather than their assigned sex
and that barring students amounted to
discrimination under a federal law known
as title 9 now the Trump administration
revoked that guidance just a month after
taking office in 2017 the government is
proposing to define sex as either male
or female unchangeable and determined by
the genitals a person is born with and
without any disputes would be clarified
by genetic testing this could have an
impact on an estimated 1.4 million
Americans who recognize themselves as a
gender other than the one they were
assigned at Birth this is a complicated
issue joining us now to talk about this
is New York Times Justice Department
reporter Katie Benner one of the
reporters who broke this story now Katie
the administration didn't pull this out
of thin air they're basing this on a
2016 ruling by a federal judge in Texas
about a civil rights statute that's
embedded in the Affordable Care Act or
Obamacare what is it about so of course
so you know HHS is saying that if you
look at that statute if you look at what
happened with the Affordable Care Act
there were questions around the
definition of sex of gender because in
society in the United States people are
starting to see that as more fluid
especially younger generations so HHS
said you know what let's take this
controversy off the table completely
their position is that the Obama
administration in that case and and
others went too far in the way that it
interpreted the word sex in title 9
regulations which says that we cannot
discriminate on the basis of sex they
it's a little bit too vague everybody
quote-unquote knows that what they mean
is man or woman based on the genitalia
at birth but the above administration
used the fact that it wasn't explicitly
stated to unfairly extend civil rights
protections and other protections to
people who do not identify as a sex that
they're born with so basically the Trump
administration position is we're just
reining in reckless behavior that
happened under under the Obama
administration it's been a lot of uproar
since your story broke do you have any
idea if the outrage is having an impact
or could potentially have an impact on
this process you know I don't think that
the Trump administration is going to
really respond to outrage on this topic
I mean there's certainly been outrage on
this topic before I think that the way
we need to think about this from their
point of view as this is a race against
the clock to some extent there are court
cases winding their way through the
system and there are also regulations
that need to be put forth by both Health
and Human Services and the Department of
Education and especially in the courts
what they are worried is there will be a
court decision that sort of supports the
Obama position and that would start to
lay the groundwork for precedent-setting
cases that would make it difficult for
the Trump administration to continue to
roll back protections for transgender
people so what they're hoping is they
can get this definition you know get the
get the seal of approval from the
Justice Department sooner than later
which but then make it very difficult
for people to win in the courts to win
civil rights protections for transgender
people because course traditionally
defer to the administration's
interpretations so long as there's no
law in the books so long as there's no
law in the books all right Katie thanks
very much for your reporting on this
Katie better at the New York lastly hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
