day five nine four of the Trump
administration brings a first person
takedown of a president anonymously and
in print as this president is fond of
saying the likes of which we have never
seen before in the course of just this
one day the president called for a
tightening of libel laws called out an
employee for possible treason and asked
a newspaper to hand over someone's name
and just five hours ago think of it the
president's biggest problem was a book
that is still days away from going on
sale in bookstores
then came the bombshell late today an
anonymous op-ed in the New York Times
titled I am part of the resistance
inside the Trump administration that
pretty much says that all the time says
the author is a senior administration
official known to the papers editors and
whose job would be jeopardized by the
disclosure of their identity they first
called the source he on social media but
then dialed that back and assigned no
gender officially it's an unsparing
indictment of the president a dire
assessment of the crisis under way
everyday in the Oval Office the author
writes quote President Trump is facing a
test to his presidency unlike any faced
by a modern American leader the dilemma
which he does not fully grasp is that
many of the senior officials in his own
administration are working diligently
from within to frustrate parts of his
agenda and his worst inclinations I
would know I am one of them the
anonymous author goes on to say to be
clear ours is not the popular resistance
of the left we want the administration
to succeed and think that many of its
policies have already made America safer
and more prosperous but we believe our
first duty is to this country and the
president continues to act in a manner
that is detrimental to the health of our
Republic the author insists the insiders
have not broken from the Trump agenda
it's all about the execution quote there
are bright spots that the near ceaseless
negative coverage of the administration
fails to capture effective deregulation
historic tax reform a more robust
military and more but these successes
have come despite not because of the
president's leadership style which is in
Jewess adversarial petty and ineffective
there is literally no telling whether he
might change his mind from one minute to
the next a top official recently
complained to me it may be cold comfort
in this chaotic era but Americans should
know that there are adults in the room
the piece also includes this quote given
the instability many witnessed there
were early whispers within the cabinet
of invoking the 25th amendment which
would start a complex process for
removing the president but no one wanted
to participate precipitate forgive me a
constitutional crisis so we will do what
we can to steer the administration in
the right direction until one way or
another it's over just a reminder the
25th amendment allows the Vice President
to take over temporarily if the
commander-in-chief is deemed unable to
discharge the powers and duties of
office it requires that the vice
president and a majority of the cabinet
support removal of the president's Trump
described by White House officials this
evening as volcanic quickly struck back
first with one word treason then later
with more words quote does the so-called
senior administration official really
exist or is it just the failing New York
Times with another phony source if the
gutless anonymous person does indeed
exist The Times must for national
security purposes turn him her over to
government at once earlier he blasted it
in person during an event with visiting
sheriffs we have somebody in what I call
the family New York Times talking about
who's part of the resistance within the
trumpet
this person's what we ever deal with
it's really in disgrace
I will say this nobody has done what
this administration has done in terms of
getting things passed and getting things
through so when you tell me about some
anonymous source within the
administration probably who's failing
and probably here for all the wrong
reasons no and the New York Times is
failing if I weren't here I believe the
New York Times probably wouldn't even
admit the White House press secretary
sent an official response which reads in
part the individual behind this piece
has chosen to deceive rather than
support the duly elected president of
the United States he is not putting
country first but putting himself and
his ego ahead of the will of the
American people this coward should do
the right thing and resign let us bring
in our leadoff panel on a busier than
average Wednesday evening can we agree
on that Ashley Parker Pulitzer Prize
winning White House reporter for The
Washington Post Robert Costa national
political reporter for The Washington
Post also happens to be moderator of
Washington week on PBS and Richard
painter the former ethics lawyer for the
Bush 43 White House good evening to all
of you Ashleigh I'd like to begin by
highlighting a brief portion of the
byline you shared tonight from the
Washington Post the phrase the sleeper
cells have awoken circulated on text
messages among aides and outside allies
it's like the horror movies when
everyone realizes the call is coming
from inside the house said one former
White House official in close contact
with former co-workers and then finally
this summation sentence the stark and
anonymous warning was a breathtaking
event without precedent in modern
presidential history I hesitate to ask
Ashley what else have you learned from
inside in just the few hours since you
filed that story a number of things
first is that the president
is absolutely livid about this he is you
know is described to us as sort of a
volcanic level of anger and he is
surmising that it's someone who either
works in the national security arena or
someone in his Department of Justice
which as we all know is an agency he
doesn't particularly love the other
thing that was so striking and talking
to people inside and outside the White
House is just how little everyone knows
and how much speculating and
finger-pointing there is going on from
various officials I've heard you know
over a dozen names of specific people
they think it may be of different
agencies and different theories of who
this person is and why they did what
they did and if you put that all
together it's striking that there are so
many possibilities of who they believe
could be a member of this resistance but
they really just like the rest of us
have no idea Robert Costa you have read
the Woodward book and so I'd like to
know where the symmetry and alignment is
between the book you've read and now
this anonymous piece in The New York
Times this New York Times piece is an
echo of some of the themes that appear
in Bob Woodward's book in Woodward's
book you have depictions of scenes where
a former economic adviser Gary Cohn
takes documents off of the president's
desk
former staff secretary Rob Porter tries
to guide the president away from making
certain decisions and even defense
secretary James Madison or in the
president's direct orders on Foreign
Affairs and so with this op-ed you see a
continuation of that same alarm among
some of the president's advisors what
matters here for the administration
politically is what is the actual rank
of this person this is a member of the
cabinet writing an anonymous op-ed this
could be explosive politically if this
is a minor staffer we could have a less
cost that you think about Stockman with
Reagan Dave Stockman in the early 1980s
breaking with the administration a big
name but sometimes when people who are
just a minor speechwriter and minor
advisor write an op-ed it doesn't mean
the same thing hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over
on this list to see lots of other great
videos
