senator Amy Klobuchar Minnesota got her
chance to question judge Cavanaugh
earlier today she joins me now
senator what was your takeaway from
today in the the first day of actual
questions and answers from the nominee
well my major takeaway and of course I'm
going right back it's still going on but
my major takeaway is one of my biggest
concerns is that this nominee was
handpicked by a president at a time when
you have a major Special Counsel
investigation going on with the
president's former campaign chair
private lawyer all subjected to multiple
federal charges well this is going on he
hand-picked a nominee with an expansive
view of executive presidential power and
my takeaway is none of those views have
changed you look at the questions asked
of Judge Cavanaugh when it came to
should a president be able to declare a
law unconstitutional after it's been
declared constitutional and basically
not enforce it that didn't change from
the opinions he wrote a few years back
questions by Chris Coons about the
special counsel statuary said what
should a president just be able to get
rid of that and you know remove a
special counsel and he said well that
was my view in 1998 but didn't really
say what is you is now or the questions
about could a president be subpoenaed
for an investigation again didn't answer
that
so I would say the record stands when it
comes to this very expansive view of
executive power the the being subpoenaed
for investigation was striking to me
because having spent a lot of time
reporting on with legal experts and
having them on the show and talking to
them widely consensus view is that the
Nixon precedent is that you can subpoena
president yes exactly well that's about
the tapes but yes that you can subpoena
the tapes and again it was just
unsettling that we didn't get answers on
those types of questions that were so
important that we all outlined in our
opening statements I'd say the second
thing which just hasn't gotten enough
attention I really focused on some of
the consumer cases the fact that he had
been overruled by the DC Circuit all
these judges had all
ruled them when he said the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau should be
unconstitutional a bureau that of course
had bought twelve billion dollars back
to consumers for fraudulent mortgages
and loans and he said it was the
headless fourth branch of government and
it did have a head as you know and her
name was Elizabeth Warren but that is
what he did he then also declared that
the net neutrality rules were
unconstitutional something that again
set up to protect consumers even playing
field so I went through a series of
those to show this pattern where he
really did have extreme views when it
came to consumer issues that should be
very unsettling as you look at someone
for the Supreme Court on that's on that
CFPB case because it's interesting it
came before the DC Circuit um he writes
the dissent right I mean the the the the
other the other hopes the DC Circuit say
of course this is duly constituted their
statutory can appointed judges who said
that they said well they literally said
well if you say that then what happens
to the FTC or how about the Social
Security Administration that actually
only has one head just like the consumer
protection financial Bureau so there's
real problems with this decision and his
opinion in the dissent outside of the
actual consumer protection financial
Bureau just is the the sort of madness
of what's happening around you get to
you on Capitol Hill on a day like today
I mean you've got the woodwork no I'm
bit down it's question you got the
Woodward book you get this out bed drops
and I wonder you know saying that the
president's completely unfit for office
we're trying to keep them on the
guardrails and you're up there you know
doing your constitutional duty of
advising and consent like what is the
real how do you process that well first
of all you have a duty you have a job so
you focus on what you can do and what
you can do best obviously right now
we're trying to get as many documents as
we can because the White House is
basically holding them up shielding them
and we're trying to make as many as we
can public but beyond that what really
bothers me about what's going on right
now Chris is that we should be governing
from opportunity right we are at a
stable moment in the economy
we should be doing things like
immigration reform doing something about
farmer prices but instead we're in one
crisis after another and certainly this
anonymous letter to the New York Times
this op-ed has put the White House in
another crisis of their own doing but
that is one of the things that really
bothers me and I figure that just as a
Supreme Court I said should be a ballast
in turbulent times and you want a
justice that would be like that
who's a check-and-balance right now we
have to be that balance ballast in
turbulent times what do you expect
tomorrow another day of questions we
have seen Kavanaugh practice the routine
that has been well-worn he didn't even
answer today which I thought was
interesting the president pardoned
himself which he said was a hypothetical
it never occurred to him and people been
talking about for months
obviously what's that what's the
approach tomorrow you're gonna see a
more of a focus on executive power just
because we haven't gotten the answers
and there's a lot of other articles and
there's a lot of other cases we can
focus on there you're gonna see we are
pushing for these documents to be made
public I hope we will see a number of
those documents be made public tomorrow
right now we just have the documents I
asked for the campaign finance documents
which for some reason were singled out
and by the way they're a treasure trove
when it comes to campaign finance
because they actually says that he
believes this back in 2002 that the
campaign finance limits appear
unconstitutional to him so imagine if we
have those kinds of documents from the
White House so I think you're gonna see
more push on campaign finance more push
on the executive power and of course all
of these arguments and cases and things
where he has views that are way off the
mainstream and we have to make that case
given the composition of the court right
now all right
I'm senator Amy Klobuchar who was in
that hearing room today is standing
outside of it now is headed back as the
hearings continue I do appreciate you
ducking out for a few minutes thank you
Chris hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
