President Trump claims he has an
absolute right to pardon himself does he
the question of self pardons is
something I have never analyzed it's a
question that I have not written about
it's a question therefore that's a
hypothetical question that I can't begin
with knots or in this context as a
sitting judge and as a nominee to the
Supreme the other half of that is the
obvious one does the president have the
ability to pardon somebody in exchange
for a promise from that person
they wouldn't testify against him Sarah
I'm not going to answer hypothetical
questions of that sort and there's a
good reason for it when we get when
judges don't when we decide we get
briefs and arguments of the parties we
have a record we have an appendix with
all the information we have amicus
briefs and then I never I never decide
anything alone I'm in a panel 3 and if
I'm confirmed the Supreme Court I'd be
on a team 89 Thank You mr. chairman I
hope for the sake of the country that
remains a hypothetical quaint hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
