in 15 days America goes to the polls
your voice will be heard for two years
you've been listening to everybody else
debate politics this is where you get
into it President Trump has a warning to
anyone planning on voting in the
midterms tweeting all levels of
government and law enforcement are
watching carefully for voter fraud
including during early voting sheet at
your own peril violators will be subject
to maximum penalties both civil and
criminals for fats sake honestly
multiple studies prove voter fraud is
not anywhere close to a widespread
problem in America landmark 2007 study
by the Brennan Center for Justice found
the rate of voter fraud is extremely
rare 310 thousands and twenty five ten
thousands of a percent that's the range
the report claimed most reports of voter
fraud can be traced back to things like
clerical errors bad data matching and
voter mistakes the author of that report
even said quote it is more likely than
an individual be struck by lightning
than he will impersonate another voter
at the polls the same author published
another report in 2014 finding 31
possible incidents of fraud between the
years 2000 and 2014 when more than a
billion ballots were cast during that
period the author adds some of those
incidents were likely to be debunked
after an investigation after the 2016
election President Trump claimed Hillary
Clinton won as many votes as she did
because of fraudulent ballots but when
the Washington Post analyzed reports of
absentee or in post in-person voting
fraud in that election it found a total
of four credible cases of voter fraud
just a reminder 135 Americans voted in
the 2016 election and look you may think
I'm quoting selectively sources we're
open to all the other ones that show
more than this but these are the kinds
of numbers we're talking about 135
million people I'm sorry is that the
number 135 million people voted in that
elections and that's what we've got
all right let's forget about voter fraud
for a moment and talk about voter
suppression the state of Georgia again
being accused of trying to stop
minorities from voting this time by
using hand
writing analysis if you want to call it
that the ACLU is suing Georgia claiming
that it rejected almost 600 absentee
ballots because the signature on the
ballot doesn't match the one on the
voters file
activists say minority voters are being
disproportionately affected hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
