joining me now corey lewandowski a
familiar name former campaign manager
for Donald Trump's 2016 campaign and now
senior advisor with the Great America
Committee author of the
soon-to-be-released book by the way
Trump's enemies book number two right
Corey it's true so let me start with
something that Jeff was talking about
here on the campaign trail over the
weekend we saw the president a lot why
is he saying so many things that are not
true what do you mean which one so he
talked to well let's play one of them on
the tax cuts good we're looking at a
major tax cut I would say sometime
around the first of November maybe a
little before them but Stephen minuchin
acknowledges there is not really a plan
that's been outlined Congress is out of
session so you can't do it before
November 1st he's talking about the
caravan making claims that are not
founded there he's talking about even
low-hanging fruit the opioids bill he
said hardly any Democrats supported it
you know all the Democrats in the Senate
supported it most of the members of the
House said it was actually wildly
bipartisan why why doesn't he tell the
truth so let's go to the tax bill just
for a second I know that he's been
working with chairman Brady the Ways and
Means Committee for a period of weeks
now and as has the Treasury Department
to look at what they calling tax cuts
2.0 the framework has been outlined that
bill is not going to pass before the
election because the house is not going
to come back into session for it but
that's not to say they haven't started
the framework on that so that whether
the Republicans hold or don't hold the
house would be an opportunity following
the midterm elections to vote on
potentially a second portion of that tax
so that's fair that's not what the
president said he said by November 1st
he's gonna have this tax cut finga and
that's just one example core of some of
these other things that the president
has said that are simply not backed up
by the facts why is he doing that does
he think voters don't care or don't know
no I said look this president has
answered more time with the me than
probably any other president modern
history so he has the opportunity to go
out and give his message and the media
has the opportunity to correct that
message if it's not accurate but what
he's trying to do is talk about the
success that he's had early on in the
first 21 months of his administration
and I don't think he gets enough credit
for the tax cuts that had been historic
and have unleashed the economy to where
they are today and we've now seen
because of those tax cuts more people
working in America today than ever have
been working our nation's history aren't
that korie's that he's not talking a ton
about the tax cuts he's not tweeting
about the tax
guts this morning instead he's tweeting
about this caravan of migrants that is
in Mexico tweeting again these unfounded
claims as Jeff laid laid out so you say
that it's up to the media to correct
things that the president says that are
not accurate but why is it such a
misinformation campaign from him well I
think if you look at this Caravan coming
in it's now swelled to 7,000 people
we're told we're told that this is just
completely a grassroots effort and
people are taking their lunch pails and
walking what is equivalent of 2,000
miles from where they're going into the
US border that doesn't happen that way
and you can go back to the words of
Ronald Reagan who said if we're a
country that doesn't control your
borders you're not a country at all and
what this president pledged on the
campaign trail and now has to implement
as the present is securing our borders
against all enemies both foreign and
domestic what you said was that's we
have to make sure these people don't
illegally cross into the US and he's not
talking about using the military that's
different though from what the president
is saying the president first of all
these are people as you know that are
escaping poverty they're escaping
violence we have a series of fact
checkers that have come out and said
there's simply there's no evidence to
support the claims that the president is
making about for example middle Middle
Easterners so let me go back to that
question just one more time here he
keeps saying things that aren't true
well I think look as it relates to this
Caravan I don't think we know who's in
there we do know there are dissidents
from Venezuela in there that's been
proven already we've seen that we see
that there are individuals who are
probably paying somebody to join these
but the real question is there's no
there's not evidence to support that
could you believe I don't want to get
into a back and forth on this breaker
piece because I'm asking a broader
question that respectfully I haven't
heard a great answer from or any answer
from look why don't somebody used to
know Anthony Stern Moochie was asked the
same question this morning on the Today
Show he said the president lives in a
reality field of distortion to
paraphrase that so I ask you why can't
the president just tell the truth okay
he can tell the truth he tells the truth
all the time but I think part of what
happens in the media all the time I
think what happens in the media is they
either just the Washington Post's has
said he said the most incorrect things
they have a running fat check the
incorrect claims that he's made
thousands of them's over the last two
years what's the level of the of the
check is it that there are more people
working to a the Hispanic unemployment
african-american employments and lowest
it's ever been in recorded history
but look you can criticize the president
all you want but look at where the
economy is and give him some of the
credit he deserves for what's been done
and I think that's fair and I think what
his gripe is is the media tends to focus
on some of the things that he says that
maybe not be factually correctly at all
right but they don't give him the credit
for all of the great things that have
been done in the first 21 months of the
administration fair criticism let me
move on but let me just also point out
that you know we did start the show by
talking about the president's approval
rating that is ticked up I do think that
it is the responsibility as you know of
journalists to call it the president
when he's wrong which is over this
weekend has been a lot but let me ask
you about the midterms because Politico
has this new report that says according
to chew people familiar with these
conversations the president is
distancing himself from a potential
Republican thumping on Election Day he's
telling confidants that he doesn't see
the midterms as a referendum on himself
something he has said publicly and
according to one person the president
has sort of pointed the finger at Paul
Ryan Mitch McConnell and says these are
their elections if they screw it up it's
not my fault so how can he have it both
ways they can't read it for a win but
not for all I read that story in
Politico today their two unnamed sources
and let's go back to what the president
said in the campaign the words this is
not no I don't bear any responsibility
the protein has also said that his
policies are on the on the ballot this
November he knows that he's out
campaigning tenaciously on behalf of can
dates he knows that the midterm
elections are at some point of
reflection on his policies and what the
Republicans stand for and he knows
what's at stake I believe you're gonna
see senators
increasing their Republican majorities
in 15 days and I think the house is
going to shrink their majorities but
there is a very clear path right now
unlike two weeks ago with the
Republicans maintain that majorities
going to be smaller don't get me wrong
but there is a path because the
president's on the campaign trail and he
has the opportunity to keep the
Republicans in the majority something
that historical precedent says can't
take place so let me just make sure them
understand what you're saying that
you're saying that if the president if
in fact Republicans do lose the House
Majority
take some ownership of that well I think
the administration has to do that but
you also have to put that against
historical precedent Barack Obama lost
63 seats in his first midterm Bush
actually gained C's but that was largely
because of the 9/11 tragedy in the
country was very much United but then
you go to what Bill Clinton lost another
52 or 54 seats in his fur so the
historical precedent is there that the
ruling party in a midterm election loses
seats and I think the Republicans will
lose seats the question is is the wave
going to be greater than the 23 seats or
is it going to be smaller and if you
look at district-by-district right now
in the place where Donald Trump is
turning voters out there is a true path
forward for the Republicans to hold that
majority I want to bring in our panel
here is to my left but before I do very
quickly here do you agree with Anthony
scare Moochie that the president lives
in a reality distortion field where he
curves facts toward himself you know I
don't know I like to mooch a lot I know
he's got a new book out and I respect
him but uh when I what i have seen being
firsthand next to the president is he
listens to what people tell him and then
he repeats those facts and if those
people give him the wrong information
sometimes it's the responsibility of
staff corey lewandowski thanks for
coming on thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
