and another unexpected moment this image
of Fred Gutenberg whose daughter Jamie
was murdered during the parkland
shooting reaching out to shake the
judges hand as he turned away well that
doesn't look good there it is watch this
he looks at the guy and then he just
walks away from him
well the White House issued this
response to that image quotas judge
Kavanagh left for his lunch break an
unidentified individual approached him
before the judge was able to shake his
hand security and intervene for more I'm
joined by Senator Chris Coons Democrat
from Delaware he's on the judiciary what
did you make of that incident is it
important or not that the nominee for
the Supreme Court wouldn't give time to
a guy who happened to be the father of
one of the victims of Parkland High well
he came over and spoke with me and a
number of other senators just a few
minutes later Chris he was very
disappointed and upset that Judge
Cavanaugh wouldn't shake his hand
wouldn't speak to him for even a moment
he just wanted to convey the heartbreak
the loss of a father whose daughter had
been murdered in the Parkland shootings
and wanted to emphasize to Judge
Cavanaugh the ways in which Americans
all over the country are watching this
hearing this confirmation process eager
to know what his views are on important
issues including gun control on the
Second Amendment and whether or not he
should give up all hope of responsible
gun legislation should Judge Cavanaugh
become justice Kavanaugh it's do you
think Kavanaugh is one of those people
that would have believed it going along
with the Heller decision who plead
completely in the right to bear arms at
any point it has nothing to do with
having a militia back in the colonial
times or the federal period of times
it's just so absolute right do you think
he's one of those yes I did what do you
think of that in terms of a nominee
should somebody be on court who believes
in the absolute right to a gun I mean my
concern Chris across a lot of different
topics that Judge Cavanaugh has written
about spoken about where he's issued
decisions on the DC Circuit is that he
is significantly outside the mainstream
of American judicial thinking he's got
views on a whole bunch of issues as you
mentioned a few moments ago
the one that concerns me most is his
views on presidential power we may never
see president Trump interviewed by
special counsel Muller if judge Kavanagh
views end up dominating a future Supreme
Court because he has both written and
spoken to the point that he doesn't
think a president should be subject to a
subpoena for evidence or for testimony
do you think he's another Robert Bork
yes explain if by that you mean a very
intelligent very well grounded in his
view of the law but holding a view of
the law that is significantly outside
the mainstream of current American
thinking I think a new majority on the
court with judge Cavanaugh added to it
would be significantly more conservative
than the majority of the American people
what I'm getting at is work was the one
who went along with the Saturday night
massacre he thought the president a
right to fire anybody wanted to fire
right down the line he wanted to protect
him from prosecution and we see in judge
Cavanaugh's decisions and speeches as
recently as this year a view of the
president's power it's called the
unitary executive theory to give it a
fancy name but it's rooted in a dissent
by Scalia that's now I think more than
20 years old and just this year a judge
Cavanaugh differing with the Supreme
Court majority differing with the
majority in his own circuit court keeps
citing this Scalia dissent as the way
the law should go in a recent speech he
said of all the decisions all the
decisions that he thinks deserve to be
overturned
it's that decision where a majority of
the Supreme Court said it was
constitutional for there to be an
independent council investigating the
president last point that's to say that
President Trump as president is the
country's chief law enforcement of fish
Street he says it quietly but to most
Americans hearing that today think you
mean he's in charge of his own
prosecution and justice in terms of
himself that he is that makes no sense
that makes absolutely no sense in my
view I think that's exactly why this is
so concerning to me just days after
President Trump has once again launched
a Twitter attack on the Attorney General
on the special counsel and now
alarmingly is demanding that his own
political allies not be prosecuted by
the end
professional career prosecutors of the
Department of Justice we've got a
president I am afraid who is looking for
a justice who will give him a pass
sounds like the ill duche theory thank
you so much Chris Cohn sank in Congress
United States Senator from the state of
Delaware thank you hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
