arie Melbourne has been watching the
hearing from just above the hearing
which must have given you an interesting
vantage point on the protests among
other things are that's certainly true
brian is as you pointed out we don't
typically account those kind of protests
we see them in foreign policy and other
hearings not typically in these and and
from our view here in the Senate Hart
office building we saw several different
protesters as you mentioned being
removed some being carried by their
hands and feet by Capitol Police that
being a point of frustration I think for
the senators big picture I think what we
saw here was the most contentious
beginning to a Supreme Court nomination
hearing in the modern era not only
because of those protests but because of
the fireworks that you've reported on
that kicked off this hearing that was
very unusual those procedural efforts to
try to draw a line the Democrats saying
the majority of the important material
that they still need to get to vet this
nominee has not been made available and
that they really want to delay or some
other mechanism before they even go
forward of course there is a microcosm
here Brian on the committee as that will
be expected in the Senate which is if
the Republicans stay United they have
the votes they have a slim majority and
so what the Democrats I think are trying
to do is to upend that by being
untraditional by drawing a line by
trying in some way to make this look and
feel different to sound an alarm for the
American public but ultimately the
question does remain the same there's
anything that happens when the
questioning begins tomorrow or any new
information that might come from the
documents that just arrived or that
could come if if those further documents
are obtained that that actually changes
the mind of some Republican senators the
other thing I think we saw that was
expected once we got into opening
statements Brian with several Democrats
really hammering the criminal cloud that
does hang over this presidency and this
nominees a history on executive power
and and I think we can expect him a
judge the judge to really explain that
in his answers because that's something
that's not precluded by past rulings or
things that he can't get into when he
might say well on abortion of those
issues he could rule on them all right
Melbourne our studio just above the
hearing room Ari Thanks I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
