Steve Bannon will no longer be attending
this year's New Yorker festival after
the magazine pulled back its invitation
following backlash on social media and
criticism from the magazine's own
writers in an email to a staff editor
David Remnick noted the quote dismay and
anger over his decision to initially
invite the former Trump chief
strategists Remnick added he would be
open to sing down with Bannen in the
future just not on stage according to
The Times Remnick initial invitation to
Bannon said quote we would be honored to
have you
Bannon responded to being disinvited
calling Remnick gutless the magazine's
decision to cancel band's appearance
comes after several high-profile guests
dropped out including director Judd
Apatow who said he would not take part
in an event that quote normalizes hate
Joe Steve Bannon couldn't have asked for
anything more than New Yorker inviting
him than disinviting from the stage did
David Remnick make the right call here
it was a wonderful Labor Day present for
her Steve Bannon I think he should send
flowers to Judd Apatow and other
Hollywood types that said they would not
show up and show up on the stage with
him you know Willie this this is I think
a recurring problem that I'd love love
to hear what you think think I think
there's a recurring problem with that
liberals have and I've seen it my whole
life whether on college campuses are now
late night TV certainly in most of
American popular culture they don't get
their basic views challenged and if
Steve Bannon were just a fired white
house sky that would be one thing but
Steve Bannon is aligning himself with
anti-democratic populist forces in
Europe and he's now Gabe Sherman in the
van in Vanity Fair talking about how
he's running an outside operation for
Donald Trump for the twenty20
re-election campaign he is relevant so
what I would want to know as a
conservative if this were happening on
the Left who is this person I want to
sit down I want to challenge him or her
and I want to defeat them with my ideas
a running and hiding
right well you'll remember this during
the 2016 campaign Willie if we even
suggested that Donald Trump could win on
this set the last three weeks yeah we
were bombarded with angry tweets and how
dare you you racist you this you
liberals can't hide their heads in the
sand anymore and that's what this is
doing and I salute David Remnick for for
getting a guy that most of us find
objectionable I saw him at the Council
on Foreign Relations years ago interview
Sergey Lavrov and it was extraordinarily
educational and still shapes my views on
Russia you you need to listen to your
opponents and learn from your opponents
and does any where they're going does
anyone doubt that anyone is smart and as
good at journalists as David Remnick is
would not have held his feet to the fire
would not have held Steve Benton's feet
to the fire I mean there's no question
he would have gotten in his face and
pushed back and maybe drawn out some
things that hadn't been drawn out before
I think that's sort of what he alluded
to when he said I'm not gonna do it
anymore but he said I did plan to push
back and I'd like to interview him in a
journalistic setting for the magazine
where I could do just that
and this is Steve Ratner this doesn't
mend up my daughter and I were texting
about the midterms last night and she
said is there a concern about the left
going too far left and I said absolutely
absolutely because while we're sitting
here watching this show now I was
equally as critical about Hillary
Clinton and the problems with her
candidacy as I was about Donald Trump's
and quite frankly people are still
attacking me on that like freaking out
and instead of looking within and
wondering what are the adjustments that
the left can make to prevail beyond the
resistance which I think a lot of people
on the right may join the left to push
back against Trump
but then the left has to do better with
how they move forward we can't assume
everybody feels the same way we do yeah
no I totally we meaning the less I'm to
the right of you I completely agree with
what you and Joe are saying about
about the importance of listening to the
other side and having an open dialogue
my alma mater Brown University a couple
of years ago had Ray Kelly the former
police chief of New York come to speak
and the students basically shouted him
down wouldn't let him speak because of
stop and frisk and I thought it was a
terrible moment and so did the brown
people this case is a little unusual
because it wasn't Remnick so much
canceling because Remnick wanted to
cancel it was he lost all his other
speakers yeah you're in that position
what do you do well and Joe you know
there is there is the tinge in this
presidency and in the language that's
used that that feels dangerous that the
president has at times incited racism
and violence and there are lines to be
drawn well in Steve van and David
Ignatius has excused those racist
tirades he's basically said that
educated women are no longer needed by
the Republicans they're gone just forget
about him and so there's so much that
Steve banning has said there's so much
that he believes in that conservatives
like myself and liberals like Mika find
objectionable but he is relevant he is
talking with Donald Trump's campaign
staff every day he's leading phone calls
every day talking about how to get
Donald Trump reelected in 2020 this is
not David Duke losing a governor's race
and coming in second and being invited
here this is a guy who's the president's
had the president's ear inside the White
House during the defining moments of his
of his White House and is going to be
running a campaign in one way or the
other in 2020 don't we want to hear what
he has to say and challenge him Piz
Remnick I think Remnick would have
buried him rhetorically he's obviously a
newsmaker Steve ban and in my book as
close to being the chief record of the
international alliances he goes after
America's a longtime friends and allies
everybody who makes news
it's is worth talking to just I
understand where they're coming from
I think what's unfortunate here is the
invitation was extended you can argue
about whether it really was necessary to
talk to Steve ed and David decided yes
and then to be forced to back out of
that by his colleagues by other guests
and rescind the invitation I think
that's what Steve Ben is gonna make a
field day of we want to feel that
journalistic organizations are the
gatherings that we spots or are places
where you couldn't have free debate and
I think the question we're increasingly
facing with people in the Trump orbit is
are these people so extreme are there
are they so dangerous to the country
that as as the common phrases now you
shouldn't normalize them by asking them
at all if that's the case don't get this
process started David David Remnick
should have had a better discussion with
staff and with a guest before extending
the invitation Gene Robinson you've been
around this news business a couple of
years now what's your view on this good
idea to sit down with Steve Bannon in
that forum well I think that actually I
mean I look I've known David Remnick for
30 years he's one of the greatest
journalists I've ever known he's and
he's amazing you know I I think this has
ended up being an own-goal
you don't have to invite Steve ban and
to the New Yorker festival you can
interview Steve Bannon in a in a
journalistic setting you can you can do
it on video if you want to you want to
preserve the record there are lots of
ways you can interview Steve Bannon but
this what David chose was a way that
really upset his staff and really upset
his contributors and and and really
upset the the other participants so no
it's Steve Rattner said he didn't
actually haven't have a choice after the
after the reaction anyone gonna have a
festival if he had Steve Bannon I think
the
the the error here the basic error was
was as David Ignatius said not perhaps
consulting a bit more widely before
deciding to include Banat in this forum
in in this way which obviously and I
think David would admit he did admit it
was a mistake well still ahead since
taking office President Trump has
politicized the NFL and repeatedly
criticized players for kneeling during
the national anthem we could see him on
the attack again today we'll explain
that next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
