good evening thanks for being with us
tonight I know it's Labor Day I hope you
got some time off but you know the news
does not rest so here we are more than a
month after the Trump administration was
ordered by a federal judge to reunite
the families that the administration had
split up at the border
nearly 500 toddlers and little kids are
still being held by the US government
apart from their parents when the Trump
administration started this policy of
ripping kids away from their parents and
not giving them back we now know that
they thought no one would mind that they
were doing it when current
administration official involved with
the policy telling Jonathan Blitzer at
The New Yorker quote the expectation was
that no one would care turns out people
cared the country cares and amid the
public outcry against this policy on
June 20th President Trump
formally ended his administration's
policy of continuing to take parents
away from their kids so today it's
supposedly not the policy anymore but
because of a haphazard way they
implemented it in the first place
because they literally developed no plan
while they were ripping kids out of
their parents arms to keep track of
where they were sending those kids and
those parents we're now in a situation
where even though the policy is over and
a court has ordered the president to
give the kids back five hundred of them
still haven't been given back and the
advocacy organizations like the ACLU
fighting the administration in court
tell us that there's no real sign that
the administration is working all that
hard to fix that and to get the kids
back even though now they are under
court order so this scandal it wears on
day after day week after week when we do
hear about rare belated reunions between
parents and their kids now reports are
heartbreaking in a whole new way
toddlers who crawl away from their
parents at the sight of them because
they no longer recognize their own
parents because they have been separated
them from them for so long kids who seem
to have radically changed while being
held alone without their parents by the
administration court order or no
that is Donald Trump's family separation
scandal it just does not end it is not
fixed but you might remember before this
particular Trump administration scandal
landed on the country like a moral
nuclear bomb several months ago there
was another big scandal over the Trump
administration's treatment of immigrant
kids and it was the case of Jane Doe
Jane Doe pseudonym assigned by a court
for a 17 year old pregnant girl who the
Trump administration tried to force to
give birth against her will
last fall Jane Doe 17 years old was
picked up by the Trump administration at
the border she was put in a shelter in
Texas overseen by the US Department of
Health and Human Services while she was
there she found out she was pregnant she
did not want to have the baby she did
not want to go through with the
pregnancy in America whether you're an
immigrant or not there is a
constitutionally protected right to get
an abortion in this country if you want
to have one the government is not
allowed to stop you from doing that
it is your right to decide for yourself
so teenage girl Jane Doe finds out she
is pregnant she decides firmly that she
definitely wants to have an abortion she
raises the money to pay for it she
actually got a Texas Court got a judge
to explicitly grant her permission to
make that decision for herself without
parental consent since she isn't an
adult she arranged for transportation to
get herself to and from her doctor's
appointment so she she could get the
procedure done she doesn't need any help
with any of this she has arranged for it
all herself but the federal government
still blocked her she was she was being
held at this shelter overseen by Health
and Human Services a federal agency led
by Trump political appointees and they
said no they would physically not allow
her to leave the shelter to go to her
doctor's appointment so the ACLU sued
the Trump administration on her behalf
they were literally holding her hostage
blocking the door preventing her from
obtaining an abortion I do believe that
that was their goal to hold her hostage
until she carried this pregnancy to term
against her will you may have seen some
of our coverage of that case while it
was under way while it was being fought
over in court eventually the Jane Doe
case landed
high-level federal court at the federal
appeals court in Washington DC in a
hearing in front of a three-judge panel
the reason this Jane Doe case is once
again national news all over again is
because the three-judge panel that got
that case at the appeals court in DC
that included a judge named Brett
Kavanaugh and Brett Kavanaugh has now
become president Trump's nominee to
serve on the United States Supreme Court
and his confirmation hearings are due to
begin tomorrow well now on the eve of
his confirmation hearings tomorrow we've
got something we have a tape that has
never before been broadcast as far as we
can tell and I know this is this this is
a no it's it's an odd thing I think it's
sort of an unsettling hallmark of this
time in American life and American
politics that things that would
otherwise be massive news stories or
even massive scandals they end up in
this era like pipping for one hot second
and then they just go away I mean my
theory is that it's both just the sheer
number of ethics and corruption scandals
surrounding so many members of this
administration including the president
but it's also the fact that there's this
one unprecedented existential scandal
about this president and this presidency
that that makes it hard to stack up
other more normal news stories and
scandals and policy problems besides
that big one but even though things are
the wrong proportion in this era in
terms of the size of news stories
anymore we really are looking at a
vacancy on the Supreme Court right now
which in normal times would be the
dominant biggest news story in the
country for months the retiring Justice
of course is Anthony Kennedy who was the
decisive centrist vote to uphold the
right to get an abortion in this country
there is a general consensus that if
president Trump's nominee Brett
Kavanaugh is confirmed he would become a
decisive vote to eliminate the right to
get an abortion in this country every
year year after year the nbc/wall Street
Journal national poll asks Americans the
exact same question should Roe versus
Wade be overturned
right now the highest proportion of
Americans ever recorded says that Roe
versus Wade should not be overturned
that we should keep abortion legal in
this country 71% of Americans 71% now
say Roe vs. Wade
should not be overturned that 71% even
includes a majority of Republicans
that's the highest ever result on that
question with a pending nomination of a
judge who would be the decisive vote to
overturn Roe if Trump succeeds in
getting him on the court and and that
kind of thing has consequences
a week after Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination to the Supreme Court was
announced the nonpartisan Pew Research
Center just released a national poll
that found that more Americans oppose
the confirmation of Judge Cavanaugh to
the Supreme Court than any other nominee
in recent history opposition to
Cavanaugh was even greater the poll
showed then the opposition against
Harriet Miers remember Harriet Miers
Harriet Miers nomination is considered
to be one of the worst botched Supreme
Court nomination attempts one of the
worst nominees in modern history facing
a world of criticism not only from
Democrats but also from Republicans
Harriet Miers had to withdraw as a
nominee less than one month after she
was picked for the court by George W
Bush in the first place Harriet Miers
nomination is a famous famously
disastrously bad Supreme Court
nomination right nice woman everybody
said lovely to be around the president
sure liked her a lot not a person who
should be on the Supreme Court concluded
everyone including ultimately Harriet
Miers so it's not good news right now
that president Trump's Supreme Court
nominee is anywhere near the Harriet
Miers standard of disapproval let alone
actually falling short of the kind of
support that Harriet Miers received
before she had to withdraw so right out
of the gate a week out after he was
nominated we got this stark news that
cat the Cavanagh nomination was deeply
unpopular it was more unpopular than the
Harriet Miers nomination that makes it
historically unpopular well since then
been circulating on Capitol Hill takin
meetings with senators right White House
has been trying to build support for his
nomination over that time Brett
Kavanaugh poll numbers have actually
gotten worse
his net support now is actually negative
negative three more people oppose his
nomination than support it which is not
only worse than Harriet Miers who had to
be withdrawn for lack of support
it's worse than Robert Bork who wasn't
withdrawn as a nominee but he was
rejected by a large bipartisan majority
in the Senate this is interesting though
the very very very bad polling about
Brett Kavanaugh nomination to the
Supreme Court also shows us why his
polling is so bad why his numbers are so
upside-down
turns out it's gender Brett Cavanaugh's
net support is negative overall in the
country because he's net minus 18 with
American women that is a huge gap by an
18 point margin American women say do
not confirm Brett Kavanaugh to the
Supreme Court and again this comes just
as we've got confirmation that support
for Roe vs. Wade to send an all-time
high
and it comes at a time when Cavanaugh is
seen as a sure bet to overturn Roe vs.
Wade and that sure bet is not just a gut
instinct that you get from looking at
the guy it's on the tape that we've got
that again we believe has never been
broadcast before tonight Brett Kavanaugh
is already believed by his supporters
and his critics alike to be a surefire
decisive vote to overturn Roe but it's
not a theoretical or academic argument
when it comes to judge Cavanaugh turns
out we can watch him at work on the
subject or at least we can hear him at
work on the subject okay so this is the
tape this this tape is it's from the
Jane Doe case from earlier this year
during the Trump administration Jane Doe
as I mentioned was a teenager being held
by the Trump administration in a shelter
after she was picked up at the border
the ACLU sued the Trump administration
on her behalf
after that girl realized she was
pregnant the Trump administration did
everything they physically could to
block her from getting an abortion
despite the fact that she had the right
to
do that in this country a right that is
currently protected by the Constitution
whether you're an immigrant or not
whether you're a teenager or not whether
you are in custody or not the way that
case went down is important even the
government admitted that they weren't
allowed to block this girl flat-out from
getting an abortion
if she wanted one they had to be sort of
cute about it they had to make it look
like they were doing something else
Health and Human Services Department
really was physically holding her and
not letting her leave to go to the
doctor to get the abortion so that made
it a very difficult case to make right
they're not allowed to just block her
they were just blocking her but they had
to come up with some explanation that
made it seem not quite that
straightforward so here's how the the
government's intrepid lawyers tried to
explain it to the court Trump
administration said they weren't
completely blocking jane doe's access to
abortion because in theory they might be
able to find a sponsor sort of like a
foster parent to take custody of the
girl and then maybe that person that
sponsor would let the girl go to the
doctor and get the abortion so the
government wouldn't keep blocking her
from going to the doctor but they said
they were sort of looking for someone
else out there someone who who knows
might someday decide to let her go to
the doctor someday somehow maybe
somewhere down the road right that logic
is a little bit bananas
but it also ignores the fact that Jane
Doe had no control over whether she got
a sponsor the whole process of finding
and vetting and approving sponsors for
these kids is conducted and overseen by
the US government Jane Doe had already
been in their custody for weeks they
hadn't made any progress on finding a
sponsor for her well on the tape of the
DC Circuit Court of Appeals hearing on
this girl's case the man who is now
Supreme Court nominee judge Cavanaugh
turns out he really liked that argument
from the government about some
theoretical sponsor that might come
along sometime someday somehow who could
maybe allow that girl to get an abortion
sometime in the future he really liked
that argument so the government could
continue blocking her abortion until
that Fairey sponsor someday arrived
well this is the audio of the Jane Doe
hearing in front of an appeals court
panel that included Brett Kavanaugh this
was October 20th of last year
you'll hear Brett Kavanaugh voice here
the other voice you will hear is Bridget
Ameri the ACLU lawyer who's representing
the teenage girl Jane Doe in this case
both sides seem to agree on under
current Supreme Court law the government
can't block the abortion and my question
I'll start with you as I did with the
government doesn't the sponsor option if
it's effectuated resolve the case if it
could be done by Tuesday for example
your honor I'm not sure or Friday and we
have a couple weeks at most and I
realize you're gonna say correctly that
each day matters and I understand that
completely understand that but if the
sponsor could be identified as quickly a
sponsor
isn't that a best-case scenario for JD
because JD has a sponsor then and can
also if she chooses obtain the abortion
that she has so far elected to have I
have no doubt that JD would rather be
with an extended family member than B
and a government-funded shelter but I
understand that that process takes a
significant amount of time there must be
a vetting process with the sponsor a
home visit my understanding it could
take months it could take months and and
for the teenager who was already
pregnant who was already being barred
from going to her doctor's appointments
to get an abortion the clock is ticking
right and that's a point that the ACLU
lawyer made sure to press throughout the
hearing right Bridgette Mary keeps
making very very clear that the delays
matter that the delays here cause and
have already caused at that point real
harm to to JD to Jane Doe by forcing her
already to stay pregnant when she
doesn't want to be by forcing her into a
situation where the pregnancy keeps
getting further and further along and of
course if you push it far enough at a
certain point it would be too late for
her to actually get a legal abortion at
all and that seems to be judge Kavanagh
strategy here
listen to this next part of the hearing
you'll hear a third voice toward the end
of this clip asking about the timing
that's another judge from the panel in
this Court Judge Patricia mullet what
we're talking about here is an
unaccompanied immigrant minor 17 years
old pregnant who's been forced to remain
pregnant against her will for three
weeks now because the government has
blocked her abortion decision every day
she remains pregnant takes a toll on her
physical and emotional health she's
going to be pushed further later into
her pregnancy she's already been pushed
from the first trimester into the second
trimester the further that we get the
further risks that are apparent for her
and also if we get so far she'll be
forced to carry this pregnancy to term
against her well at what point would you
say the abortion will no longer be a
safe option in this case Texas bans
abortions at 20 weeks in pregnancy and
she's 17 right she's fed about 15 times
what you said yesterday rather than two
days ago in the hearing right
approximately 15 but your honor I would
also say and I think as you've
recognized every day matters for JD it's
been three weeks and it's been three
weeks too long so Jane dose lawyer red
flagging the the urgency of this case
right you got the sense listening this
hearing that Brett Kavanaugh understands
he acknowledges the tight timeline here
right yes follow-up questions about it
and the answers are very clear each
passing day makes the abortion procedure
riskier and gets this teenage girl
closer to a legal barrier after which
she can't get a legal abortion at all
they're forcing her toward that delay
well after hearing all that listening
and responding and asking thoughtful
sounding questions judge Brett Kavanaugh
decided that what this teenage girl
really needed what Jane Doe really
needed was to wait some more actually to
wait a considerably longer amount of
time judge Cavanaugh wrote the order in
this case ruling that the Trump
administration should get another 11
days to keep blocking Jane Doe from
getting an abortion while they continued
to look for a sponsor for her so that
would push her pregnancy from 15 weeks
into 16 weeks and into the start of the
17th week and at the end of that extra
waiting period judge Cavanaugh ordered
the girl would still not be allowed to
go to her doctor's appointment and get
the abortion at that point she wouldn't
even be granted the right to come back
to judge Cavanaugh and appeal again to
him he ruled that at that point in her
seventeenth week after the delay that he
was ordering he would then order her to
go back and start again at a lower
federal court and she could then try to
get that lower court to rule again that
she can get the abortion and if she did
get that ruling in the lower court judge
Cavanaugh specifically notes in his
ruling the Trump administration could
then quote immediately appeal back to
him where he would start considering the
matter all over again at which point she
would be pushing into her 18th week if
she's lucky
more likely her 19th week depending on
courtroom schedules abortion becomes
illegal in Texas after 20 weeks so you
can see where this is going
what was not about 20 weeks somebody say
something about about every day counts
how much longer can we make her wait at
what point would you say the abortion
will no longer be a safe option in this
case the way this worked out is that
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is ruling in this
case got overturned by the full court a
few days later and so Jane Doe did not
have to abide by this schedule he had
set for her and she was able to get the
abortion that she was seeking and Brett
Kavanaugh wrote a long blistering
dissent complaining about being
overruled in that case many legal
observers now say that dissent was
clearly part of his public audition for
the Trump administration to pick him for
the Supreme Court which they did his
Supreme Court nomination for a million
reasons hasn't been front page news as
much as you might expect which at this
point is a little strange ask Americans
if they want this nominee and the answer
is no particularly women say no he is a
historically unpopular choice which
itself you think would make this
nomination if not a scandal then at
least a big
of national media Republicans have taken
the unprecedented step of refusing to
release his paper trail from his time
working in Washington before he went to
the bench there's even a live and
strange controversy over whether Brett
Kavanaugh actually lied to the Senate
the last time they held a confirmation
for him back in 2006 they had the head
of the Judiciary Committee actually
referred Brett Kavanaugh to the Justice
Department for potential prosecution for
lying to the Senate when he was first
nominated to be a judge but aside from
the the process of how they are trying
to get him on the court I saw apart from
the strategy they're trying to use to
get him on the court on this row issue
whether or not you're part of the 71% of
Americans who say they don't want Roe
vs. Wade overturned there's a reason why
people watching this nomination are
quite perfectly sure that a Justice
Brett Kavanaugh would become the
deciding vote to overturn Roe vs. Wade
and make abortion illegal and part of
that reason is what he did just last
year to try to push this
seventeen-year-old girl 15 weeks 16
weeks 17 weeks 18 weeks
how far can we push this is it too late
now is it too late yet we'll be right
back at what point would you say that
abortion will no longer be a safe option
in this case
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
