good evening I'm Chris Matthews in
Washington and welcome to the hardball
Labor Day show and for purposes of this
holiday we're calling it the real
characters of Trump World President
Donald Trump campaigned on his star
factor as the host of the reality showed
The Apprentice and that mindset has
followed him all the way into his
presidency where there's never a slow
news day and every action he takes falls
somewhere under unprecedented for the
next hour we're gonna look at the cast
of characters of trumps reality show
presidency there are the villains the
sick of fans of course the flippers and
that would be celebrities of course and
some of them are heading to prison and
others are helping to put former allies
in prison there's been backbiting
social-climbing conspiracies and yes
relentless drama and one sideshow came
full circle when Omarosa Manigault
newman who played the villain on the
apprentice and later a White House aide
came out with a new tell-all book
Omarosa strategy on the apprentice was
Damir Trump's own behavior here she is
on season 1 Heidi with fantastic and I
will tell you that I haven't always been
a fan of Heidi I haven't always thought
that she was professional nor does she
have much class or finesse that's the
worst compliment I've ever heard
well morose I used her book Chara to
keep her story relevant by making news
in every interview let's watch I asked
you before a couple hours ago I'm a
roast if you have any other recordings
you wouldn't share them here if you got
some oh I have plenty anything mejor
would like to see if he if he if his
office calls again would you be a great
watch an allegation by more absolutely
anything that they want our service
certain you think Ron should be
impeached at this point yes you were
instructed according to your book to
bring up the emails at every point you
could at the end
the 2016 Hillary Clinton's email yes
that was our talker did Donald Trump
know about those emails before they came
out absolutely it's interesting that
he's trying to silence me so what is he
trying to hide he thought you know that
I could be disposed of but Donald Trump
is wrong Trevor I would say this if you
see me in a fight with a bear pray for
the bear everything that's in my book
unhinged everything that you see is in
quotes is verifiable it's documented in
his career and when others tried to
refute her Omarosa had the tapes to back
up her claims
here's her recording of chief of staff
John Kelly firing her in the Situation
Room I think it's important to
understand that if we make this a
friendly departure we can all be you
know you can look at look at your time
here and in the White House is a year of
service to the nation and then you can
go on without any type of difficulty in
the future of relativity of reputation
when after former Trump campaign aide
Katrina Pearson said she was never a
part of a conversation about whether
Trump used the n-word on the apprentice
Omarosa released a tape of that very
conversation about Trump the CBS this
morning let's listen then described a
conversation she had with ven candidate
Trump about making the slur well Moroso
also released audio of trumps
daughter-in-law Laura Trump offering her
a morose a job on the 20/20 campaign in
exchange for her staying quiet about her
time in the White House
I'm joined right now by Shannon petty
piece of White House reporter for
Bloomberg News Jason Johnson politics
that are at the root comm Betsy would
rip politics reporter at The Daily Beast
and Dana Millbank political comments
with the Washington Post also Jonathan
Allen national political reporter for
NBC News digital what a cast to talk
about what a cast and I must say that
Shannon she seems to be the first person
to stride onto the stage and I mean the
stage who has the same abilities for TV
the game that Trump plays so well yeah
that he has well at case in point having
audio what makes for good TV audio tapes
visuals she understood that it's a basic
thing but you know President Trump the
ultimate producer she is also an
ultimate producer you know knows how to
present herself on TV knows how to get
attention with a tape recording and I
think there's a lot that's been said
about Amoroso but I think she has
highlighted a very crucial flaw in Trump
that he has a hard time seeing who his
friends are and who his enemies are she
was obviously making these tape
recordings for a long time he obviously
thought she was someone he could trust
and as of course been proven wrong and
he built her up Jason he be made this
pretty but he stepped back and glowed at
her performances on The Apprentice she
should see that kept ringing her through
did the Omarosa ultimate merger a dating
show for ali he he created this monster
for lack of a better word but I have a
blanket if you want to be literary yeah
but here's the thing that also is
fascinating you could teach a master's
class on her book rollout I have never
seen anyone and we've seen books come
out of white houses before who managed
to do like 72 straight hours of press
and drop one little nugget of
information on every single show she
went on this is dangerous for national
security but it's a brilliant roll out
on Harvey and I think it's a fall roll
out to come on yeah it's still going
Shannon I mean I think one thing it's
important to remember with Omarosa is
that she very much was pure showman
during her time in the White House White
House officials told us repeatedly that
she just wasn't moving the ball forward
on many important issues and in fact
there was nearly a crisis in the lead-up
to the first african-american history
month of Trump's presidency because
amorosa was supposed to have a
leadership role in setting up events
making things happen and the night
before certain White House officials
realized that there were a number of
people who hadn't been invited who
hadn't been looped in so it was almost a
minor crisis and there's a host of
examples of situations like that where
Omarosa instead of accomplishing jobs
she was supposed to get done with was
seems to be focused more on being in the
room for certain meetings and of course
the fallout of that is she had
recordings from being in the room for
those meetings Ratanak consequence a
weird way to she was perceived by a lot
of White House aides as being
incompetent but I was also told that
Trump always trusted confidently after
that question at a conference last year
and she couldn't really explain it
that's part of how you get in trouble
the same the president might have the
same answer when asked about his job and
moving the ball forward there's a
certain cosmic justice in the whole
thing here the president came in and who
you know who's he gonna staff his
administration with the usual suspects
right absolutely no interest in it what
he did is he built his staff in his own
model it may not be trustworthy maybe a
little fast and loose with the truth
questions about loyalty but brilliant
showman so this works to an extent when
they're all rowing in the same direction
when what you're seeing now with a
michael cohen
with an Omarosa is they have prodigious
talents if they're used against you I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
