within the Republican Party the highest
poll numbers I think it's net while they
have 90 they have 92 and have 93 percent
the highest poll numbers ever I actually
asked them I said did they do polling
when Honest Abe Lincoln was around you
know what nobody's been able to give me
that answer but I'm assuming they did
okay so we can say we're beating Honest
Abe well they weren't doing lame line
polls back then I can tell you that but
President Trump he's making that
argument last night in Indiana saying
hey look my poll numbers with my own
party Republican voters they are through
the roof and the president the last six
months that's been one of the stories
Trump's approval rating with Republicans
has been that high and it's meant that
his overall approval rating has been in
the low that maybe even mid-40s and
that's not great but Republicans have
been saying hey if we can keep it around
there maybe a point or two higher we got
a shot at holding on to the house so
that has been the story and then this
morning though along comes this
brand-new poll ABC News Washington Post
the president's approval rating you see
it right there just 36% a 60 percent
disapproval score there are no
Republicans out there telling you they
think they can hang on to the house if
Donald Trump's approval rating is at 36%
or is anywhere near 36% in the findings
as you might expect when you're talking
thirty six percent approval rating look
at this only twenty four percent say
they strongly approve of Trump's
performance as president more than
double over 50% in outright majority of
voters in this poll saying they strongly
disapprove of the president so intends
to be there it's not just being
unpopular it's having this kind of
disparity in intensity so much on the
negative side so little on the positive
side again that an ominous sign for
Republicans and of course this as well
the question of impeachment the thing
Democratic leaders say they don't want
their candidates talking about should
impeachment begin a plurality in this
polls say yes 49 to 46% so all of these
obviously these would be close to
catastrophic numbers for repeal
the question though is is this where
things actually are in public opinion
because what do we always say there's
one poll it can be an outlier if it's
different than the trend maybe it's not
what's actually happening maybe it's now
I say here's the thing to keep in mind
this poll today has Trump at 36% well
that's the wrong button here we go look
at this when all of the recent sort of
uproar and politics really kicked up
think of that day you had the Cohen
pleat
you had the mana fork convictions things
really seemed to ratchet up to a new
level then new developments with Muller
that day the average of all the polls
for Donald Trump's approval rating was
forty three point four percent now as of
right now even if you factor in this ABC
news/washington post poll if you average
all the polls together out there about
Trump's approval rating what do you get
forty two point eight so you're not down
at 36 37 38 you're forty two point eight
you're down six tenths of a percentage
point in the average since that news
broke if you want to think of that as a
potential turning point so it poses a
question this ABC news/washington post
poll with just brutal brutal news for
Republicans at the worst time the home
stretch of the fall campaign is that the
start of a big drop are we gonna see two
three four more polls come out that show
the same thing or is it an outlier that
is the big question heading into Labor
Day weekend guess what Labor Day weekend
we usually start to get a flurry of
polls folks setting the stage for the
midterm so I think we're gonna get an
answer I think we're gonna get an answer
pretty fast is it gonna be close to 40
to 43 percent in the next wave of polls
or is it going to be closer to what the
Washington Post maybe see found the day
down in the mid 30s big big difference
there when it comes to stakes for the
midterm hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
