we enter this Labor Day weekend the
traditional kickoff of the midterm
campaign homestretch with a cloud
hanging over this election the Moller
investigation it's showing no signs of
slowing down and the president still
lashing out at it and at the Attorney
General he believes could and should
have stopped the probe from ever being
launched Trump last night at a rally in
Indiana but our Justice Department and
our FBI have to start doing their job
and doing it right and doing it now
because people are angry people are
angry what's happening is a disgrace and
at some point I wanted to stay out but
at some point if it doesn't straighten
out properly I want them to do their job
I will get involved and I'll get in
there if I have to disgraceful those
comments came just hours after Trump
seemed to tell Bloomberg News that
Attorney General Jeff Sessions job is
safe through the November midterm but
maybe not beyond that from continuing to
complain about sessions reluctance to
investigate his political enemies I just
like to have Jeff Sessions do his job
and we did I'd be very happy but the job
entails two sides not one side Trump
also said he views the Moller probe as
an illegal investigation and also
insisting there should have never been a
special counsel today though offering
another reminder of the scope and reach
of the Russia investigation and the
possibility of more legal exposure for
president Trump and his campaign Sam
Patton a former associate of Paul
Manafort pleading guilty today to
charges brought by the office of the US
attorney in Washington for failing to
register as a foreign lobbyist Patton
also admitted that he made a $50,000
illegal donation to president Trump's
inauguration committee acting as a
so-called straw donor for a Russian and
a Ukrainian band for making contribution
themselves Patton has agreed to
cooperate with Muller's investigation I
am joined now by Tom winter NBC News
investigative reporter Susan Dell / Co
Republican
strategist david korn Washington bureau
chief for Mother Jones and Barry Grissom
former US attorney thanks to all of you
for being with us Tom let me start with
you just on this news Sam Patton
pleading guilty today illegal donations
straw man for Trump inaugural committee
what do we know about who he is how he
fits into Trump world well what can you
tell us so Sam Patton is not somebody
that was associated with the Trump
campaign but he is somebody who's
associated with Constantine Kalume Nick
who's somebody who is who has been
charged along with Paul Manafort for
witness tampering in Paul manna forts
upcoming case in DC so this is somebody
who has connections to people inside the
Trump orbit this is somebody who's done
business in Ukraine and I think the big
headline here today is that we have
illegal foreign donations coming into
the Trump inaugural committee now
there's no indication from the court
paperwork here Steve that any of these
donations that the fact that it was the
the original source of the money came
from a foreign person was something that
the Trump inaugural committee knew but
you do now have essentially Russian and
Ukrainian money one of the people that
was involved the government says in
their court paperwork is a Russian
somebody who has ties to Russian
intelligence that's Constantine Kalume
Nick and the other person is a Ukrainian
Oleg art they were able to take they
actually were able to get tickets to the
inauguration by doing a $50,000 straw
donation in in plain English that just
means that they took a they asked
somebody to buy the tickets for them
because you can't put foreign money into
inaugural committee so that's how this
all came together today and I think
that's a that's a pretty astounding
headline and we say this is the US
attorney in Washington DC press charges
this is not Muller so do we know if
there's gonna be a connection here if
the next step is Miller talks or do we
know anything about that exactly it's a
great question so we know from from our
own reporter in the courtroom today Gary
Grumbach that in fact Andrew Weissman
who is one of the people that's involved
in the Manta for prosecution he was in
the court today and very specifically in
the plea agreement it says not only is
he to cooperate with the US Attorney's
Office in Washington DC but he's also
supposed to coordinate I'm sorry
cooperate with the special counsels
Office Robert Mullins so that's part of
patents cooperation agreement so we can
expect here for him to be talking to
both Muller's team as well as
prosecutors federal prosecutors in
Washington DC so yeah there
definitely a part of this and in david
korn let me bring you in because i know
you've written extensively on this topic
and I think these names may not be new
to you what do you make of this news
this development and specifically this
idea that the inaugural committee you
know donating to the inaugural committee
apparently getting tickets in exchange
for that what do you make of that well
we do know that federal prosecutors have
been very interested in contributions to
the inaugural committee and Mother Jones
who reported on major you know
six-figure donations they came in from
the cousin of a Russian oligarch who
runs his business interests here now
he's an American he's not a Russian but
that too is very suspicious
so it's it's interesting that finally
some of this is turning into legal
matters criminal prosecutions
the other big thing here that Tom didn't
mention is that in this plea deal of Sam
Patton you know admitted to lying to
Congress he came before the Senate
Intelligence Committee and gave
testimony privately and he lied about
what he was doing in terms of
representing Ukraine and these Straw
contributions now this is key because
Adam Schiff and other Democrats have
asked for investigations of witnesses
who have come before the committee's
investigating investigating the Trump
Russia scandal on the basis of perhaps
lying to Congress which is a crime
whether you're sworn or not and they've
raised questions about Donald Trump
juniors testimony Roger stones testimony
Eric Prince's testimony and others so if
we're going to get federal prosecutors
looking at the testimony given to these
committees and looking for instances of
lying it could open up a whole new
horizon for the Moller probe in Barry
Grissom this also points to a pattern I
think we've seen with this whole
question of the Moller investigation
more broadly the Russia investigation
there will be new developments that
emerge to the sort of the the layman
public people like me that'll come out
of nowhere and yet will then loom as
very significant moving forward here
another potential example of that so
we're we're reminded of the potential
for developments like this we are also
as we said approaching the Labor Day
weekend this supposed 60 day rule not an
official rule but this sort of tradition
in prosecutions of you kind of hold off
for the two months leading up to
Election Day do you have a sense that
that means for the next two months we're
not going to be getting much more are we
still going to be learning more about
you know whether it's this case will Sam
Patton or more between now and Election
Day well I think mr. Muller is going to
abide by the department's policy and
he's not going to bring anything in it's
gonna be an October Surprise if if we've
learned nothing about Bob Muller you
know that he has a by the books guy he's
not going to jump the gun he's gonna
continue with the investigation as he
has up to this point in time and it
looks as if once he has his findings
that that will be released after the
midterm elections are over but you have
to look back at what he's done to date
we're talking about a planned approach
by the president and his folks to go out
there and consider this or call this a
witch-hunt that this is a rigged
election well we have a situation where
mr. Flynn has pled guilty mr. Cohen his
counsel has pled guilty mr. gates has
pled guilty mr. Mann affort has been
found guilty on eight counts and may
well be tried on the remaining counts in
addition to the trial in DC as well as
today we hear about mr. Patton's
involvement all of these various
prosecution's are based on facts nothing
is made up when people use the term
faked facts or what fake news these are
facts that people plead guilty to at the
risk of losing their Liberty and
suffering heavy fines so I think we need
to keep that in mind we're talking about
mr. Muller and his investigation but I
doubt very seriously we're gonna hear
anything before the midterms in time on
this question of the 60 day rule you you
have some information there yeah yeah
just briefly I think the thing that
controls the special counsel's office my
understanding is it's an Eric Holder
memo and I think if you've got to read
that memo closely because there's no
time that's listed on that memo as far
as any sort of specific window and in
really the key to it is you can't bring
an action against a particular candidate
or a campaign for the purpose of
influencing that candidate or campaign
everybody that we're talking about here
is not running for office Donald Trump
jr. is not running for office Jared
Kushner is not running for office the
president is not running for office I
use them as examples I'm not saying
those are people that are necessarily
going to face legal jeopardy but I just
think we have to keep that in mind here
there's nothing here it based upon
reading that memo right that necessarily
says what is on the ballot susan is the
president's party and i got to think if
you are a Republican candidate for
office right now you're looking at the
next two months and you're saying please
no more of this from today through
Election Day well and we know there's
going to be more because we know mana
for trial is starting in a couple of
weeks so we know it's going to be a
better four week trial there will be a
verdict in that trial one way or the
other so we will see products of the
Muller investigation going forward we
may see another pet but Republicans are
most hoping that the that Trump will
keep his mouth shut
on this because I know I know but the
reason why is if if you're talking about
that there's 30 to 60 days that the camp
that man affords supposed to not do
anything then the campaign then the
Giuliani spokesperson role has to also
kind of keep a lid on it for joining
what what is a Republican in a
competitive race if we're dealing with
Trump coming out they're calling this
investigation a witch-hunt whatever it
may be a couple weeks before election
what does that Republican candidate
going to do is the Republican to be
thinking hey the swing voters do not
want to hear the president talking about
this about an investigation like this or
they gonna be thinking I need those
Trump voters hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
