good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes the most incendiary claim in the
steel dossier was of course that a
foreign adversary Russia has dirt on the
prezi United States exposing the
president to blackmail now it turns out
there was a whole vault full of dirt on
Donald J Trump though not in Russia
right here in the US we don't know all
of its contents we don't know who's seen
them or who could be holding that dirt
as leverage over the current US
president but we do know according to
New York Times the president wanted to
get his hands on all of it in 2016
according to The Times a president and
his then lawyer Michael Cohen hatched a
plan to buy an entire trove of damaging
Trump stories collected by the National
Enquirer and its parent company all the
way back to the 1980s that whole trove
of stories was reportedly kept in a safe
by the Inquirer's publisher David pecker
as The Associated Press first reported
last week now this goes well beyond the
president's documented efforts before
the election to cover up his alleged
affairs with stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal Cohen you'll remember pleaded
guilty to related campaign finance
violations federal felonies last week
and he testified under oath in that plea
that he broke the law at the president's
direction it's the first for learning of
what was reportedly a broader effort to
hide negative stories about the
president from American voters at the
absolute height of the campaign and it
sheds new light on that secret audiotape
of Cohen and the president that was made
public last month which seemed to have
something to do with the hush money pan
payment to Karen McDougal now it's clear
Cohen and the president were talking
about buying up the whole vault of Trump
dirt all of it from David pecker
referred to as our friend David I need
to open up a company for the transfer of
all of that info regarding our friend
David
that I'm gonna do that right away I've
actually come up to me and I've spoken
to Alan Weissenberg about how to set the
whole thing up with yes all the stuff
because here you never know where that
company never know what he's gonna get
so I'm I'm all over that it's all this
stuff Cowan says all this stuff that
pecker is said to have buried during the
campaign any years before the Times
reporting about in 2016
pecker kept his staff from going back
through the old Trump tip and story
files that dated to before he became
company chairman in 1999 the president's
concern as he says of pecker on that
tape maybe he gets hit by a truck
both pecker and the other person
mentioned on the tape trump organization
CFO Alan weiselberger have been granted
some degree of immunity by federal
prosecutors in New York in order to
compel their testimony in their
investigation and we don't know exactly
what kind of dirt the National Enquirer
may have collected over the president's
many years as a tabloid fixture
according to The Times the Trump vault
mostly holds old stories about his
marital woes and lawsuits rumors like
the claim he cheats at golf and tips
about extramarital affairs just last
week CNN published a contract between am
i that's the Inquirer's parent company
and a former Trump doorman signed early
in the campaign buying the rights to and
I quoted information regarding Donald
Trump's illegitimate child the claim
that the president fathered a child out
of wedlock has not been substantiated
according to The Times the president
never went through with his plan to buy
the contents of David Packers safe and
now we don't know where all that Trump
dirt ended up AP reported last week it
was removed from the safe in the weeks
before the president's inauguration but
was unclear whether the documents were
destroyed or simply move to a more
secret location we do know however
however prosecutors in the Cohen case
subpoenaed records from both The
Enquirer and its parent company am i a
fact they revealed in open court last
week and this is important according to
New York Times their investigation did
not end with Cohen's guilty plea to help
understand the president's relationship
to acquire and the implications of his
exposure blackmail enjoyed by Pulitzer
prize-winning investigative reporter and
Trump out for David K Johnson author of
it's even worse than you think what the
trouble ministration is doing in America
an MSNBC contributor Natasha Bertrand
staff writer for the Atlantic David I'll
start with you as someone who covered
the president for decades in his
previous previous life he was always
sort of inextricably bound up with the
tabloid press in sending secrets about
his foes and keeping his own secrets out
of the paper oh yes Donald was mr. fake
news and much of his persona is based on
fake news and he also as he himself has
said has gotten politicians to do his
bidding have done favors for him there's
everything from the mystery of the
missing Manhattan sewage 24 million
gallons a day when he needed that for a
deal to the mysterious transfer of his
friend and helicopter provider Joe wexel
bombs drug case from Ohio to the
courtroom of his sister federal judge
Mary Ann Trump Barry so it's actually
the thing that I wonder about here is
blackmail is at the center of the steel
dossier it's at the center of the
investigations that happen when people
apply for security clearance because it
is viewed as a security threat and what
is revealed in New York Times story is
that the idea of that is not at all
far-fetched and in fact it already
exists right and the idea is that this
is potentially the most black male about
president in United States history I
mean the fact that the National Enquirer
had decades of information about his
affairs about his children about even
Melania speaks volumes about the
president's life and all of the kind of
shady things he did throughout his
career many of which most of which
perhaps all of which he actually never
even faced real consequences for but I
think that this substantiates two big
claims in the dossier the first of
course is that Michael Cohen was the
president's fixer in all things related
to Russia so just as he was the fixer
and all things related to burying
stories about Trump's extra matter
extramarital affairs he
was also according to the dossier his
fixer in burying the story of the
Trump's the Trump campaigns conspiracy
with Russia to win the election he was
alleged to have paid off the hackers and
to kind of clean the whole thing up at
the end of the election the other thing
that we've learned from this story
unfolding is that Trump actually is a
little bit more skittish about his
extramarital affairs becoming public
then many of us have been led to believe
that there's always so there's always
been this theory that perhaps the
president really wouldn't care if news
came out that prostitutes peed on a bed
in Moscow because he hated President
Obama and he wanted to defile the bed
that he slept in and no one was really
sure whether or not his base would care
but now we know now Trump has gone to
great lengths to hide these details
about his personal life and that really
makes you wonder that if those salacious
details in the dossier are true then
what links has the president gone to in
order to keep the Russians from exposing
that as well let me just note that Lanny
Davis who is a sort of spokesperson for
Michael Cohen has denied that Michael
Kohn went to Prague
to clean things up as is alleged in that
dossier I want to just put that on the
record because he's been pretty
strenuous on that so that that that is
the the the current position of Cohen's
spokesperson but but David that point
about Natasha I think is a really good
one there is this sense that here's a
guy where all this stuff is is priced in
okay he's been in the public eye he had
some of the most famous extramarital
affairs in New York history as a 13 or
14 year old I knew all about his merit
marital life growing up in New York
City's on the front page of the tabloids
but this does show the lengths to which
they are willing to go to suppress stuff
and how for whatever reason embarrassed
or intent on keeping secrets they were
well let's remember that Donald actively
pursued the wives of a number of people
he did business with would invite women
to his office and then get their
husbands on the phone to talk about
their dalliance --is as part of his
rather unusual seduction technique and
some of those women no doubt are very
concerned about what may come out of
that vault and I think it is almost
certain that if we had a complete record
of Donald's dalliance 'iz and his
payoffs to keep them quiet that we would
turn up abortions and that would raise
real serious problems with the poor
of his base who are absolutely adamant
about that I just want to be clear that
is speculation on your part that you
don't have it it's at didn't know there
are women whose names I know but who are
not willing to come forward because it
would be difficult right
I have no end I just want to be clear
that may be true no way to assess that
claim but but what what did what is
clear here Natasha is also that this
investigation and this I thought was one
of the most important part of the New
York Times piece that this part of it
isn't done right there was this question
of was this all kind of built up to get
Michael Cohen and Michael Cohen please
and it's over
and well The Times is reporting is no
it's it's ongoing right and I think that
a really smart thing that prosecutors in
the Southern District of New York did
was they kind of vacuumed up Allen why
Solberg in all of this so in an effort
to kind of get more information about
Michael Cohen's role and perhaps
committing these campaign finance
violations by killing these stories by
paying off the National Enquirer
they actually got the president's
longtime CFO of the Trump Organization
to get to testify against him and that
is evidence to many people that I speak
to that he's going to continue to be
useful throughout this investigation and
of course Allen weiselberger we've all
said it before he knows where all of the
bodies are buried so this is really just
beginning
as long as weiselberger ease in the
picture also presumably Michael Cohen
and David Packard is hanging out there
knowing what's in the vault which has to
at some level freak the president out
because he wanted to secure and lock
that down and now it is very much not
locked down David Kay Johnson and
Natasha Bertrand great to have you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
