Trung calling the Muller probe and a
legal investigation and giving new hints
about Jeff Sessions future in the Trump
administration Trump saying that his job
is safe at least until the midterm
elections that news and made new
reporting there President Trump and his
allies or I should say his allies are
worrying about the White House the White
House is about to get caught flat-footed
amid a crush of potential investigations
and as Trump struggles to get his story
straight on the very latest White House
official to be stepping down that
counsel done began first Trump tweeting
his son-in-law and daughter had nothing
to do with the so-called pushing out of
Don Magan seeming to imply that Magan
wasn't really pushed out but then this
an hour and a half later saying the
Russia witch-hunt didn't come into play
with his decision on Don Magan which
seems to mean that he was fired White
House later telling NBC Trump's decision
referred to him accepting McGann's
departure but McGann is leaving as
Trump's advisers tell the Washington
Post the White House isn't equipped to
handle the onslaught of investigations
that may be coming it's still if
Democrats win the house without either
the staff or the strategy to handle
those investigations with me now Robert
Costa national political reporter for
The Washington Post Richard painter
former White House Ethics chief under
President George W Bush former federal
prosecutor John Flannery and Harvard
University professor
Leah Wright Ruger great to have all of
you with us two big pieces of
information I want to get all of your
reactions to Robert let me begin with
you the president calling the Muller
probe illegal what are you hearing about
that is this an escalation from the
president it is an escalation of his
rhetoric but you see in his comments in
the Bloomberg interview that Attorney
General Jeff Sessions looks like he's
safe at least for now with his position
until the midterm elections and while
the president continues to rail against
the Muller probe he has in signal that
he's ready to take action against it
this seems to be yet just yet another
step in his credibility battle with
Robert Muller at lea let me get your
reaction to as well both the comments
that jeff sessions job is safe until the
midterms so I'm interpreting that as
somewhat of a veiled threat you know
better
shake shape up or ship out so to speak
if I can use that expression but also
not calling the mullah probe illegal
right so I don't even see it as a veiled
threat I see it's a very direct threat
and we know that Donald Trump has had
has been making some very specific
threats to Jeff Sessions and expressing
his unhappiness with Sections refusal to
put himself back into the Russia
investigation and to be of Loyalists and
to be a team player so we've seen that
over and over again
reversal heard reports that behind the
scenes that Trump is dissatisfied and
unhappy and in fact has been mocking
Jeff Sessions for quite some time
I think he's putting it out there that
he is willing to do what he thinks it
takes what it takes to save himself and
to put himself in a position a position
that he feels like Jeff Sessions isn't
doing for him Jeff sorry Richard let me
get your if I can your thoughts on the
terminology of this being illegal does
that signal anything to you about terms
of the of the president's approach to
the Muller probe or perhaps as I was
just talking with Robert about it being
an escalation it's more of the same old
nonsense he's been calling it a
witch-hunt for over a year this is
obviously not a witch-hunt we've had
seen that president's campaign manager
deputy campaign manager inform a lawyer
all found guilty of felonies others as
well this is a very serious
investigation he's accusing Robert
Miller of being a Democrat everybody
watched and knew that Robert Miller was
a Republican coming into the Bush
administration had up the FBI the only
evidence they verified he's a Democrat
he played in the same high school hockey
team as John Kerry I guess that makes
him a Democrat this is just ridiculous
they keep attacking Bob bull or simply
for doing his job and the president is
tweeting his way into an obstruction of
justice charge I've talked with all his
other legal difficulties but it's more
of the same old same old and if he fires
Jeff Sessions to get rid of Robert
bowler he's gonna find himself yet with
another count of obstruction of justice
John let me ask you about the the Jeff
Sessions angle to this for a moment
obviously this is making news today some
senators earlier in the week as well
saying that it's just a matter of time
before sessions gets fired in in doing
so is the
presidents signaling to his next
potential Attorney General what he wants
done and could that possibly become a
factor in the obstruction of justice
investigation the way he's talking about
sessions and what he wants sessions to
do which is to be a loyalist to quote
Leah I agree absolutely and I think it's
a Rudy two-step if you will what they're
doing is they're clearing the decks for
war but the first step is to get through
the midterms and then they're gonna do
whatever they want to get rid of
sessions to replace McGann with whomever
and and and go to war and the thing
about sessions which is interesting is
that I guess there's only one way to
define it which is to obstruct the
investigation to see if he can get rid
of Rosenstein to see if he can get rid
of Muller and to do it after the
election is over when he believes he's
at his strongest I think that this is a
real threat to the country and I think
that it's interesting when you see
somebody like Lindsey Graham who has
felt so strongly about this pulled back
and say oh I guess we could get rid of
sessions I don't know if he thinks he's
going to get the job or he's going to be
the new counsel but this is a dramatic
attack on law and the Constitution and
only for one reason for the president
that covers hindquarters there's no
other reason for him to do this so so
Robert with the president signaling now
in this Bloomberg interview that he's
gonna at least hold on to sessions until
the midterms is there any chance that we
see any kind of reaction from Republican
lawmakers who have been coming to the
defense of Jeff Sessions and try and
convince the president otherwise I mean
are we going to see any kind of behind
the scenes politics here over the course
of the next six to eight weeks for now
they may be relieved on Capitol Hill
because they don't want to have the
distraction of the Attorney General
being fired right a right it when right
before voters go to the polls but you
may see it behind the scenes campaign
now between the White House and Congress
where you have lawmakers urging the
President to not take any action not
only until after the midterm elections
but until after Robert Muller issues his
report on the president's conduct so
there's no question in their eyes that
there's obstruction of justice going on
in speaking really quick
politically I mean if the president does
go ahead and fire Jeff Sessions Robert
the next incoming Attorney General is
still gonna have to be confirmed by the
Senate I mean he is from some political
calculations really making this an
uphill battle for whoever his next
Attorney General would be now exactly
right I mean think about the president's
intent still under scrutiny about what
he did with then FBI director Jim Comey
if he moved on the Attorney General
you'd have that same kind of scrutiny of
the president's intent this time is he
removing Jeff Sessions should he do so
to disrupt the Russia probe or not and
you could bet that Republicans and
Democrats would have tough questions for
whoever was nominated about what what
their intent would be should they become
AG would they let the Muller
investigation carry on or not at lea how
does the decision to fire an Attorney
General
politically speaking on one hand who
just heard from Robert have its own
ramifications legally speaking how can
it fit into the big picture obstruction
of justice argument or narrative that
some have been saying the president is
guilty of sure so I mean we're talking
about a president who is who's marketed
and sold himself as a law-and-order
president who actually has no respect
for law and order and this is exactly
what we're saying which is that the
rules don't matter the norms don't
matter traditions don't matter what is
legal doesn't matter what matters is
what I want to do and that's the way
that Trump has always kind of run his
businesses it's how he's run his
campaign it's how he's run his life and
why would the presidency G anything
different so I think to when we're
thinking about obstruction of justice
when we're thinking about you know what
is it that you know is the president
trying to get around this etc etc we
have to keep in mind that this is a man
who has never had consideration for the
president for the actual for for rule of
law and order and norms Richard let me
get your thoughts really quickly on Don
McGann this kind of flip-flopping if you
will as to whether or not he was pushed
out whether he is stepping down on his
own it seems to be some mixed signals
coming out of the White House or at
least I should be very clear the
president's Twitter feed today and how
do you see this playing in the fact that
you had him recently interviewed by Bob
mullah for nearly 30 hours and then the
way the president tweeted about him
today saying that it was my decision for
McGann to leave
yeah I think the president pushed about
and not begun talked to Robert Moore
because he had an obligation to he's a
lawyer for the president in his official
capacity he's not personal lawyer for
President Trump
and he had an obligation to talk with
Bob Miller and discuss what he saw and
he's witnessed a lot of obstruction of
justice going all the way back to the
beginning of this administration so this
play did talk about 4:30 hours there and
I I'm shocked that he stayed this long I
don't know who was going to take his
place whether Emmett flood and wants
that job or not because any lawyer who
gets wrapped up in helping Donald Trump
fire robert muller and obstruct justice
is asking to themselves get hit with an
obstruction of justice charge lose their
law license end up making license plates
i don't think a good lawyer like Emmett
flood is gonna want to add up a jail so
I don't know who wants to take this job
Donald Trump wants a lawyer running that
White House counsel's office who's gonna
orchestrate the fire gov robert muller
it's a non-starter all right let me play
you guys out what former Trump
Organization executive a barber arrest
said today about Trump's self-control
take a listen he sort of is not has no
self-control I mean there was never any
external control to speak up I mean you
know I'm way back he used to listen to
people but you know after that you know
once it became very famous and for
himself there was no external control
but he did have a little bit of self
control right now it looks like he's out
of control so Robert let me get first
year read from some of the contacts and
sources you speak to do you get a sense
his allies think that this president is
out of control they believe that he's
isolated that he's making his own
decisions they know that chief of staff
John Kelly is not providing much of a
guardrail around this presidency Don
McGann is heading for the exit you have
cabinet officials who have may have a
rapport with the president but aren't
trying to keep him away from any
decisions it's really the president his
Twitter account a few core advisors
running on gut instinct that's the
reality of this presidency some people
in the Republican Party love it others
are alarmed Jon there's a window of
of a guideline if you will if you want
to use that among prosecutors that is
getting narrower by the day for Bob
Muller to issue any possible indictments
ahead of the midterm elections and it
not appear to be political do you see
there a perfect storm gathering between
the Muller investigation if the
Democrats take control of the house that
this president is legally not prepared
for what may be coming his way
Oh most of his administration has not
been prepared he's used power and muscle
and come on in any way that he felt he
could and covering up one set of lies
for the next set of lies but I'm not so
sure that Muller is going to keep his
powder dry at Rudy's request for the
next 60 days I just don't think that's
going to happen and I think that he's
right not to let that happen because
it's their strategy but when the
Democrats come in if they do have this
wave and they come in and they're in
charge of the committee's I think that
we're going to see an assault on the
questions we've had about taxes and
abuses and corruption but also about the
obstruction and this crazy conspiracy
that he's had with Russia that leaves
him meek like some sort of doll when
he's in Helsinki I think that we're in
for some rough waters but I like the
direction I think there's been a
tectonic shift against the president and
I think that's what we're seeing here
his desperation that there was a remark
today you know it's at senator McCain's
Memorial Service about how character is
destiny well if you have no character
your destiny has to be a tragedy and
that's what we have in the White House
right now it's at that point that Jon
just brought up Leah about the White
House facing all these potential legal
challenges not staffed for it generally
the White House is generally a place
that recruits pretty well as an
institution people want to work there
people want to serve the country do you
see this administration this White House
capable of recruiting the talent they
need for a possible legal challenge so
on the one hand this White House is
absolutely understaffed across all areas
we know that we've heard several reports
there were several books that have come
out that have suggested that they are in
no way work they were in no way prepared
to come in to the White House but they
have also continued that
and not filling positions not bringing
in people not bringing in the right
people but with that said I think that
people are always willing to work in
their self-interest for the right amount
and we've seen no shortage of people
willing to step up and try and fill the
plate namely I think in what shocked
everyone but we shouldn't have been so
surprised so surprised is that Congress
Republicans within Congress have become
the first line of defense against Donald
Trump of the fence for Trump and on his
acting on his behalf which is in part
why the House race and the midterm
elections are so important because that
can really change the dynamic in a
number of different ways yeah
interesting enough we'll talk about that
in just a moment the Robert but John
really quickly I know that CNBC is
reporting today that Trump slurs
actually don't want Emmitt flood to take
over for Don Magan because they like him
on the Moller probe are they going to
need a heavy hitter as counsel though
how are they gonna reconcile these two
things well you know commis compared
these guys to organized crime and I
think they want a wartime consul area
and you know he said he's excited about
who it may be in some of mention Abbie
Lowell I don't know if he fits that role
but I wonder if it's Rudy Giuliani or
it's a you know any number of people
that you can think of that have been
strong in support of the wrongheaded
directions that mr. Trump has taken and
so that makes sense to me and I don't
know that Emmett flood would want to be
in the position because having a client
who never tells you the truth makes it
very difficult for you advise him what
to do and McGann is leaving because he
told them what to do what was right and
he didn't want to do that and he's upset
even when he followed the advice that he
couldn't do what he wanted to do which
would have been a tragedy up on the hill
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
