there are clear signs that the pressure
of investigations and a lot of
unflattering stories might be getting to
President Trump there has been a flurry
of reporting on the president from the
struggle to hire and retain talented
lawyers for the White House to his
dealings with Michael Cohen
- of course secrets held by the owner of
the National Enquirer
David pecker it comes on top of the
immunity deals for that secret keeper
and his company's personal CFO that's a
lot yeah this is all leading to the
president lashing out on Twitter over
the past few days take a look at this
and this morning he's slamming the news
media that's normal but he's pushing
conspiracy theories about things like
the FBI to search engines that aren't
giving him the PR that he feels he
deserves now we want to bring in former
Trump Organization executive vice
president Barbara res Barbara we know
that President Trump loves attention
Maggie Haberman pointed it out earlier
that Trump has told associates listen a
few years ago he wasn't getting New York
Times covers now he's on the front page
day in and day out but you worked with
this man for over 20 years when you look
at his behavior his conduct right now on
a day like this would look and think why
on earth would he be lashing out like
this what does it tell you is this the
man you know it is very much the man no
but amplified I mean you know he sort of
is not has no self-control I mean there
was never any external control to speak
up I mean you know what way back he used
to listen to people but and then you
know after that you know once it became
very famous and falling so there was no
external control but he did have a
little bit of self control right now it
looks like he's out of control
did he say when he when he took advice
or did listen to people that's one of
the things that's in in some of these
stories that people who give him advice
he doesn't like seem to disappear they
had that leave of their own volition or
they're fired and then he chooses to
surround himself with people who will
only tell him what he wants to hear tell
me about your experience that way with
him to be did he like that back then -
you know he had people that were that
were good people
I'm Way back I'm talking about the chunk
Khalid
before that and he did listen to them
but of course he likes to be flattered I
mean one of the ways that I got things
done and other people got these
accomplishes was through flattery
especially if we needed him not to do
something we didn't think he should do
we saw have to convince him that our
idea was his and it was a good one so he
saw a parent like my five-year-old too
though well that could be that could be
but you know I think a lot of big people
are very into themselves I'm not gonna
say it's only Donald but this was my
experience later he seems to hire more
people that were sycophants that were
you know basically gonna tell him
exactly what he wants you and do exactly
what he wanted to do and it's of course
at this point this media question he
keeps going back to this dishonest media
stuff he's tweeted I just cannot state
strongly enough how totally dishonest
much of the media is truth doesn't
matter to them they only have their
hatred and agenda this includes fake
books which come out about me all the
time always anonymous sources on our
pure fiction enemy of the people he
didn't always hate the media oh no also
himself if I may I know and I don't
think he really hates the media right
now I think I think he loves the fact
that he gets so much coverage she's just
taking advantage of his ability to sway
his face against the media against
certain media by coming out and saying
the things he does he loves being in the
in the news and even back when we wanted
in the news that much you really like
being in it you know no news is bad news
he used to say to me so the fact that he
tells lies day in and day out that can
be disproved right he goes after Google
saying they didn't cover his State of
the Union address when he didn't give
one why does the president in your
estimation given how long you knew him
tell lies on a regular basis that are
easily easily fact busted what depends
on who he's talking to I mean you know
if it's somebody that won't check the
facts and that's good then he's got that
out there and he's opposing that for
people to check the facts she's already
said what he wanted to say so you know
what man
may not get you know torpedoed what the
truth is yeah I guess that is
interesting he tweeted about the edited
Lester Holt interview I posted it on my
Twitter account it's been there for
everybody to see all one would have to
do is look for it it's there and he said
it's edited it's very strange
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
