the government is now backing a group of
students suing one of the country's most
prestigious universities saying they're
being discriminated against in the
admissions process
NBC's justice correspondent Pete
Williams is following this from our
Washington bureau so Pete what do we
know well the Justice Department has
filed what's called a statement of
interest this is a thing that the Civil
Rights Division of the Justice
Department is used for years to
basically step into a lawsuit that's
against to private parties this one was
filed by a group of Asian American
students against Harvard claiming that
it discriminates against them in its
admission policies and that that's
illegal it's another front in the attack
on affirmative action and what the
Justice Department says is that in a
statement by Attorney General Jeff
Sessions no Americans should be denied
admission to school because of their
race in their filing today the
government says that Harvard uses a
personal rating to score each applicant
on factors such as positive personality
likability being a good person and that
it tends to score asian-americans lower
on these personal ratings than other
applicants and that reflects racial
stereotyping now Harvard has said that
it does use race as one factor in
admissions in order to achieve a diverse
student body and this is something the
Supreme Court has said that schools can
do there been efforts to stop
affirmative action two recent cases in
the Supreme Court and though the court
has allowed affirmative action to
continue it has narrowed it and what
this lawsuit says is that Harvard is
outside the bounds of what the Supreme
Court has said a couple of things to
know about this lawsuit Hallie the
people behind it the group behind it is
the same group that was behind those two
reasons affirmative action cases in the
Supreme Court that involved a student at
the University of Texas at Austin and if
you go to this website of the students
for fair admissions they say we're you
denied did you not get into the school
you wanted maybe it's because of your
race so this is the latest front here
it's certainly a change in policy as you
might expect under the Trump
administration as opposed to the Obama
administration taking a different view
on affirmative action thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
