first let's walk you through the new
details coming out of the White House
this morning with consensus among the
president's advisors and his allies that
his current legal team is just not ready
to effectively combat potential
investigations and possible impeachment
charges by Democratic controlled house
The Washington Post says the president
has discussed with his advisors adding
veteran defense attorney a be loyal to
his personal legal team that is the same
lawyer representing Trump's son-in-law
and senior adviser Jared Kushner and is
one of the country's foremost
white-collar defense and trial lawyers
the president's team also reportedly
discussing recruiting a more experienced
legal team to the office of White House
Counsel that office is at a key
crossroads right this moment with the
president announcing via Twitter
yesterday the Don McGann will leave his
position after Supreme Court nominee
Brit Cavanaugh is officially confirmed
the move comes less than two weeks after
the New York Times reported McGann spent
a total of 30 hours talking with Special
Counsel Robert Muller's team still
president Trump praised McGann while he
did it at least in public Don McGann's a
really good guy been with me for a long
time privately before this he
represented me it's been here now would
be almost two years and a lot of
affections are done and he'll be moving
on probably the private sector maybe the
private sector and over very well but
he's sent an excellent job key
Republicans were quick to react him
against upcoming departure Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell who you
don't hear from often calling it quote
sad news for our country the Judiciary
Committee Chairman Senator Chuck
Grassley tweeted quote I hope it is not
true Magan is leaving White House
Counsel
you can't let that happen well it's
happening part of the reason some
conservatives do not want to see Magan
go he is the man behind the
administration's success in getting
conservatives on the federal courts and
that has been a huge win for them among
conservative circles but McGann has also
navigated several very big storms in the
White House he was the official whom
acting Attorney General Sally Yates
approached in January of 20
17 with concerns Michael Flynn was very
vulnerable to blackmail because of
conversations he had with the Russian
ambassador Flynn was then forced to
resign as national security adviser and
McCann was one of the White House
officials who urged Jeff Sessions not to
resign as Attorney General early in the
Trump administration sessions stayed on
of course recusing himself from the
Russia probe and that led to the
appointment of Robert Muller a special
counsel
The Times has also reported that
President Trump told McGann directly to
go fire Robert Muller and began he
refused and he threatened to resign in
response but it is not just McGann who's
leaving Washington Post reports the
office of the White House Counsel are
you ready for this it's got about 25
lawyers right now down from 35 earlier
and Trump's presidency
what's more three of McGann's deputies
have already left and the deputy White
House Council for Ethics is set to leave
tomorrow that leaves just one deputy
counsel left
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
