in addition to that Andrew Gilliam race
last night here's another weird turn and
so also about electoral politics one of
the broader trends that is happening in
Democratic Party politics this year for
the midterms is that there's a whole
bunch of people running on the
Democratic side for Congress who are
people who have national security
backgrounds people whose background is
in law enforcement intelligence military
the diplomatic corps other national
security roles for example just last
night in Florida a former US and bass
excuse me a former UN Ambassador won a
congressional primary in the district
that is currently represented by
Republican congressman Ron De Santis Ron
DeSantis had to give up his seat in
Congress in order to become the
Republican candidate for governor we now
know he will be running against this guy
Andrew Gilliam but in his district in
the Ron de santis district it will be
Bill Clinton's un ambassador Nancy
Soderbergh who will be running as the
Democrat to try to flip that seat from
red to blue another national security
veteran a guy named Chris hunter he's a
former FBI agent and a former DOJ
prosecutor he won a primary last night
in Florida as well to try to unseat
Republican congressman gus bill Arrakis
and another district where democrats
that's another district where democrats
are seen as having a real shot at
flipping that seat from red to blue with
this candidate chris hunter but that
dynamic is not Florida specific
Democrats have a whole lot of candidates
all across the country particularly in
potentially flippable districts where
the Democratic candidate comes from a
national security background and that's
interesting in terms of strategy and was
that a deliberate plan by you know the
Democratic Party what does that say
about national security professionals
and their desire to get into electoral
politics and the Trump you could have
analyzed it from a lot of different
reasons there's a lot of different
angles but tonight we have just learned
from some really interesting reporting
by Spencer Ackerman at The Daily Beast
that the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee so the committee in
the Democratic Party in charge of
electing House candidates they have just
worn
given a warning to all of the Democratic
Party's congressional candidates across
the country who have a national security
background people who have security
clearances or who have had security
clearances in the past because of their
past work the Democratic Party has now
just officially warned all of those
candidates that they should be prepared
for the Trump administration to
potentially illegally leak their
security clearance applications so that
those applications can be used against
them by the Republican Party in the
general election the reason for the
warning is because it has happened
apparently once already to one
Democratic candidate the New York Times
breaking the news late last night that
this candidate
Abigail Spann burger she's a former CIA
case officer
she's a Democratic congressional
candidate in Virginia she's the
candidate Democrats have nominated to
try to unseat Republican congressman
Dave brat in Virginia Abigail Spann
burger apparently had her full
unredacted security clearance
application not just released by the
Trump administration without her
permission which is illegal but the
Trump administration apparently released
it to a Republican opposition research
effort which then did immediately start
using that security clearance
application against her in her
congressional campaign
I mean applications for security
clearance are incredibly intrusive and
incredibly personal on purpose they are
designed to ferret out anything that a
foreign adversary might try to use to
blackmail you to get you to hand over
classified information that you'll now
have access to because of your security
clearance so application forms for
security clearance are like deep deep
background checks and they're
specifically looking for anything that
anybody might try to use against you so
it's you know it's medical information
its relationship information it's very
detailed questions about like you know
have you ever smoked pot right it's it's
very detailed information about your
family about your extended family it's
super super intrusive and the government
agency responsible for issuing your
clearance is obviously supposed to
protect that information in your
security clearance application right not
just because it's intensely private it's
because by
definition this is intensely private
information about people who are
obtaining security clearances so it's
important to keep it secure it is
information that is of a personal nature
but it's also of a it's also of a
sensitive nature when it comes to
national security that's why for example
all journalists know you can't file a
Freedom of Information Act request to
get somebody's security clearance
application I mean you can try but if
you get anything back from the agency
that you're fighting it's whatever you
get back it's going to be redacted
within an inch of its life to protect
the sensitive information in that
document and rightly so at least that's
the way it's supposed to work but for
some reason the Trump administration
responded to a FOIA request by this
Republican group looking for information
about this democratic congressional
candidate X CIA officer Abigail Spann
burger and what the Trump administration
sent that Republican route in response
to their FOIA request was spam burgers
complete totally unredacted application
for security clearance including her
full social security number her entire
medical history right everything the
reason Abigail Stanton burger found out
this had happened is because they're
after the Republican Party and a PAC run
by House Speaker Paul Ryan happily
started shopping this document to
reporters and started using it in
political attacks against her in her
congressional campaign I mean that that
is a legitimately new thing in politics
we're all supposed to be sort of jaded
observers of politics right we're all
supposed to think oh there's nothing new
under the site this is new this is new I
mean maybe we should have expected it
anyway it was also new when President
Trump decided to yank security
clearances from former CIA director John
Brennan because of his role in the
Russia investigation and the president
doesn't like the Russia investigation
apparently this is what comes next after
you break that seal now the Republican
Party is using this stuff in campaigns
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
