want to talk about the DeSantis monkey
comment here a minute why didn't you get
the benefit of doubt
Michael why didn't the Santa's get the
benefit out the assumption was that he
was thinking that he didn't misspeak
that it was a hundred percent a racial
dog whistle what is it because he's
connected to Trump he didn't get the
benefit doubt for many people including
Fox is connected to Trump this is
because it's how white folks talk about
black men who are successful let's hear
the whole thing just so people can hear
it I think it's important because I want
to hear I do we have the part I hope we
have the look yeah we have a longer
version of the bite that gets it exactly
what you're saying here here it is
yo he is an articulate spokesman for
those far left views and he's a
charismatic candidate and you know I
watched those Democrat debates none of
that it was my cup of tea but I mean he
performed better than the other people
there so so we've got to work hard to
make sure that we continue Florida going
in a good direction let's build off the
success we've had on Governor Scott the
last thing we need to do is to monkey
this up by trying to embrace a socialist
agenda with huge tax increases and
bankrupting the state that is not going
to work that's not going to be good for
Florida so I'm gonna fight for what I
believe in because I think I'm the guy
who can really lead Florida in a good
direction what you hear
I heard that he's articulate he performs
well you know he's checking off those
boxes what why why do you have to
describe him that way you know it will
make some articulate yeah what makes
them articulate you Chuck you are an
articulate man I mean you know you
perform well now that says one thing but
when you doesn't happen to a lot of
white candidates doesn't happen to a lot
of white candidates but here's the rub
who uses the term monkey things up I
mean I had to be honest I know about a
monkey wrench I heard a don't monkey
around but I've never heard that term
used them you're not getting been Fidel
I know I'm not because that came that
came from that space that says to that
audience that he was talking to that Fox
audience which is why Fox's response is
so important it's fascinating that they
pushed back on that was that this is in
the land of Trump yeah I took the I took
the train the Trump train to stupid land
and I'm going in and here we are hello
youtubers if you're watching this
check out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press'
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
