Democratic Senate candidate meadow
O'Rourke picked up a big endorsement in
his Texas Senate campaign against
incumbent Republican Ted Cruz the
Houston Chronicle endorsed Ted Cruz when
he was elected to the Senate six years
ago and now the Houston Chronicle is
endorsing Ted Cruz's opponent robert
Francis O'Rourke of El Paso Texas Texas
has not elected a Democrat to the United
States Senate since 1988 when Lloyd
Bentsen won his last re-election
campaign for Senate in Texas the Houston
chronicles editorial endorsement of
better O'Rourke did not just make the
case for O'Rourke it condemned senator
Ted Cruz who they endorsed six years ago
the editorial says Ted Cruz a candidate
the chronicle endorsed in 2012 is the
junior senator from Texas in name only
exhibiting little interest in addressing
the needs of his fellow Texans during
his six years in office for Cruz public
office is a private quest the needs of
his constituents are secondary the
editorial quoted former Republican House
Speaker John Boehner when he described
Ted Cruz as quote Lucifer in the flesh
The Chronicle's editorial board said
quote we enthusiastically endorsed Beto
O'Rourke for US Senate the West Texas
congressman's command of the issues that
matter to this stake his unaffected
eloquence and his eagerness to reach out
to all Texans make him one of the most
impressive candidates this editorial
board has encountered in many years
imagine how refreshing it would be to
have a u.s. senator who not only knows
the issues but respects the opposition
who takes firm position positions but
reaches up to those who disagree who
expects to make government work for
Texas and the nation better O'Rourke we
believe is that Senator
so the other people were into the ice
join us now heaven mints deputy opinion
editor for the Houston Chronicle Evan
thank you very much for joining us
tonight and this editorial is
extraordinary to me for a couple of
reasons one you're the same newspaper
that endorsed Ted Cruz for the United
States Senate six years ago I don't
think I've ever read more disappointment
by an endorsing newspaper in the office
holder who they endorsed well the whole
process really was guided by something
that kay bailey hutchison told us back
in 2012 is she was the outgoing senator
she said that being the senator from
Texas is a little bit like being the
parent of a teenager there is always
something you have to deal with and if
you're representing a smaller state
Kentucky Idaho you have a certain luxury
of being able to go off on ideological
Crusades and that's fine when you're
representing Texas it has to be a
hundred percent Texas and like the
parent of a teenager were not mad at Ted
Cruz but we are disappointed and on the
positive side when you're talking about
a better or ork this you're making the
case that even if for voters who
disagree with Beto or or their state
will get better representation by him
Beto has this incredible ability just to
go out to places where politicians
haven't gone in years he actually went
and saw all 254 counties in Texas and he
listens to people and creates these
sparks of civic engagement where folks
who have never really talked to each
other but live in the same neighborhoods
discuss what they want the public to be
like and what they want their government
to be like and he goes and he listens
and he brings that up to Washington and
I think that's something they'll really
benefit people no matter where you are
on the political spectrum and when you
go back when you're looking at senator
Cruz and and considering how he failed
the state what would you say were the
principal ways in which Ted Cruz made it
impossible for you to endorse him well
senator Cruz is incredibly smart he's a
smart man he is ambitious and he has
political skill and we saw him use that
for example in 2013 when he shut down
the Senate over Obamacare but we get
frustrated and a little disappointed
when it comes time to work for Texas for
example after hurricane Harvey we were
having difficulty getting a recovery
bill through the house and then through
the Senate and we called on him do what
you did before shut down the Senate and
help us out bring attention to this
cause and he did not do that he fights
for himself he doesn't fight for Texas
we're gonna be joined now by Ezra 11 who
was in our previous segment he's a Texas
native and Ezra one of the things that
the editorial acknowledged is that
federal Roark is running behind Ted Cruz
in the polls and that they it is
possible at the Houston Chronicle is not
picking a winner
this time but what is your reading of
what would need to happen on the ground
for the O'Rourke campaign to win
yeah Lawrence you've said it earlier you
know I was three years old when Texas
elected the last Democratic senator in
1988 so it is a tough state for
Democrats and that said the campaign
that Beto has been running has just been
absolutely incredible indivisible that a
big launch a hundred days before the
election for our electoral work we were
working with groups all over the country
to run canvasses and foam banks and text
banks and I actually went and did a road
trip through Texas busy with groups who
were then working to try to elect Beto
who was an endorsed candidate for
indivisible I was in Beaumont Texas with
Golden Triangle indivisible on a Friday
night with groups of people that were
doing what Evan just described there was
these bursts of civic engagement people
who had never met each other but were
coming together to try to get better
work elected the next morning that
Saturday morning I drove to Wimberley
Texas not exactly a bright blue dot in
Texas so many people turned out for Beto
that we ran out of doors to knock on and
one of the interesting things that we're
seeing in Texas right now and the
Houston Chronicle highlighted this as
well is that yes
is lighting the political system on fire
in Texas but it's not even just him
there are a lot of very impressive
congressional candidates Julie Oliver
Surrey Preston Kulkarni and many other
congressional candidates who are running
honest positive campaigns in this really
negative dark political climate and
there are attracting a ton of volunteers
so the answer to your question what is
it going to take to win in Texas it's
going to take a lot of work it's gonna
take doing that canvassing doing that
phone baking doing that texting so
anybody who would like to see this
supposed blue wave that's coming it's
not coming it's being built drop by drop
if you want to be part of that we have
three weekends left you got to sign up
find out where you're knocking on doors
and making calls and I want to say this
has actually become a little bit
personal for me my family is based in
Texas they're not really politically
active they haven't done any of this
kind of campaign work before and my
sister she is a leading a canvas for
beto in Houston this weekend so if she
can do it everybody watching right here
you can do it too
and Evan as you know latest poll CNN of
registered voters in Texas shows a
five-point gap between them seven-point
gap when you go to likely voters and the
what has been the reaction so far to you
the chronically the paper endorsing
better Aurora
there's been a lot of excitement a lot
of traffic on our website and some
traffic in the air someone flew a plane
over our building with a big banner that
said no bet oh no to socialism which is
interesting because I'm pretty sure he's
not a socialist there are some
socialists on the ballot though there's
a socialist judge here in Harris County
and there's a lot of good other judges
in Harris County Republicans Democrats
and I just when I take this opportunity
to implore people please read the
endorsements don't vote straight ticket
vote for quality judges no matter
whatever party they're in if we knock
out these incredible jurists that hurts
everyone I have to say it so it's a
really well-written and well considered
editorial both on the Cruz side of the
editorial and on the o'rourke side of
the editorial it is really worth reading
for everyone
Evon minutes thank you very much for
joining us tonight really appreciated in
Ezra
thank you also Virginia thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
