welcome back as we mentioned earlier
Tallahassee Marion drew Gilliam when a
big upset victory in the Florida
Democratic gubernatorial primary the
stakes for progressives couldn't be
higher Gilliam is their chance to show
that a progressive message can win in
the swingingest of swing states and
Gilliam would make history of elected in
November who would become Florida's
first african-american governor and
mayor of Tallahassee joins me now mayor
Gilliam
welcome to Meet the Press Haley what's
up Chuck go Cannes man I was going to
ask you that at the end you're a guy
that's been in Miami lived in
Gainesville and Mayor of Tallahassee I
assume it better be Rattler's first it's
always retinas first the other green it
the way I looked at it the other green
in Orange in the state of Florida that's
exactly right man but we love all our
Florida schools
all right let me start with the
controversy today by your opponent
congressman Ron De Santis you heard
something that you said it was a page
from the Donald Trump campaign manual do
you want an apology from congressman De
Santis do you think you're owed one you
know what but let me be articulate and
clear here which is we're better than
this in Florida I believe that
congressman can be better than this I
regret that his mentor in politics is
Donald Trump but I do believe that the
voters of the state of Florida are going
to reject the politics of division they
believe that we're better than that
which is why I'm going to spend my time
of the next two-plus months getting
around this state talking about the
issues that matter to everyday voters in
this state kitchen table issues health
care education making sure we clean up
our environment which our governor has
been derelict with the Republican
legislature to do and I think that's how
we're going to win in in November but
it's clear that the congressman is going
to join Donald Trump in the in the swamp
we're going to leave them there we're
going to continue to press to what a
higher mark all right but let me ask you
this you talking about you were going to
travel the state talk about kitchen
table issues but for what it's worth
you've treated about tweeted about the
president 10 times this month you
pointed out the last democratic debate
you were the only candidate who called
for impeaching the president that's fine
except you're running for governor what
would what what are you going to do as
governor to stop Donald Trump
like why do you believe staking out an
impeachment position in a gubernatorial
race is relevant to voters in the state
of Florida
why should first say I mean the the the
the president self admitted that he
obstructed justice by firing Jim call me
because he wouldn't do his bidding those
were his words and I believe that the
president for those reasons has
bargained himself into conversation
Robin Pietschmann
I will tell you though it does matter
what the governor of the state of
Florida thinks it matters that the
governor of the state of Florida works
every day to push back against the kind
of divisive rhetoric that this
administration has been so increasingly
reliant on as a way to divide this
country and to divide my state quite
frankly we're one of the most diverse
states in all of America it matters that
the governor of this state is willing to
stand up and say do you want to know
something in the aftermath of Hurricane
Maria you owe the people of Puerto Rico
US citizens better than how you've
treated them and because so many of them
now call Florida home they need to know
that I might be a governor who stands up
for them or if you're from Haiti or you
have family who lives in Haiti that it
matters to you what the President of the
United States has to say about that and
you want to know that your governor is
gonna stand up on your behalf the
governor Florida's got to work with the
president United States no matter the
party and no matter what they think of
him Florida's too big of a state to
essentially not and I end up interacting
with the federal government not gonna be
easy to work with somebody you want to
see impeached from office how would that
work well I'll tell you first off I wish
that our current governor had taken that
advice right and the Republican
legislature we had an opportunity to
expand Medicaid for over 700,000 of the
most medically needy people in this
state and we said no leaving six billion
dollars alone in last year's budget on
the table at the federal government to
be distributed elsewise Barack Obama
tried to send us more than two billion
dollars to build high-speed rail across
the i-4 corridor and we said no thank
you that was not actions taken in my
opinion and the best interests of the
people of the state of Florida so
current administration has in my opinion
acted contrary to what's in the best
the people of this state I can guarantee
you this if Donald Trump wants to send
us money to build a high-speed rail
we're going to build a high-speed rail
because it's in the best interest of the
people of the state of Florida that does
not remove my sentiments of brown how
uniquely unqualified I find him as the
president in the great trouble that he
now finds himself and that he's created
for himself but that being said I know
that we're gonna win this race largely
by talking about how it is we pay
teachers more how we make health care
more accessible and affordable that's
what I've been talking about in the
primary and that's what I think is gonna
carry us over on November 6th you heard
mark Caputo say it me as a longtime
Floridian I've seen it you can have all
the planes in the world as governor but
if you don't have a legislature that's
going to go on with you you're going to
be issuing a lot of press releases doing
a lot of speeches and maybe issuing a
lot of vetoes but you're not gonna be
able to get some of these plans forward
what's the reality here what's the
straight talk to voters here ya know and
I think that's fair while I may have
strong hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
