president tweeted last hour that White
House Counsel Don McGann will be leaving
his position in the fall saying quote
shortly after the confirmation hopefully
of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United
States Supreme Court I have worked with
Don for a long time and truly appreciate
his service so who will be his successor
Axios is reporting today that McGann is
pulling for Emmett flood who joined the
White House in May to help President
Trump with the Russia investigation
joining me now is MSNBC contributor and
former assistant special gate a special
Watergate prosecutor Jill wine bangs
Jill good to see you we have been
talking for a few days about McGann
being on his way out and some have
associated that with the idea that
Donald Trump is very seriously
considering a pardon for Paul Manafort
and that McGann is not on board with
that and he has suggested that if man
doesn't come again doesn't get on board
he's replacing him what do you make of
this announcement I think it's a good
thing for McGann who has been a voice of
reason so it seems from the outside he
has said no to Donald Trump and seems to
have had some impact on it so it's I'm
sorry to see him going because we need
someone in that position who is willing
to tell truth to power and to say no you
can't do that no you shouldn't do that
no it's not good politically no it's
illegal and I hope I don't know Emmit
flood I hope that he will have the same
courage
I always thought during Watergate if
John Dean had spoken up sooner rather
than when he did maybe we would have
avoided the whole Watergate scandal so
it just takes a very strong person it's
one of the biggest lessons of Watergate
but at the same time the president we
have learned last night has been talking
about firing jeff sessions now he as
late as this month that's not a big
surprise I think to us because we've
been talking about it for a long time
he's been tweeting about Jeff Sessions
strangely Jeff Sessions seemed to grow a
spine last week and talk about how the
Justice Department under sessions will
not be politicized and it seems like a
few Republican senators took him out to
breakfast a little while ago and said
fight on stick around
don't resign on the other hand senators
like Lindsey Graham who were saying
they'd be holy held to pay if sessions
were fired are now saying maybe his
times up and it's time for someone else
how significant is the potential
departure of sessions in this
politicized environment in a normal
environment it should be a dramatic
problem but I'm afraid that America has
gotten almost a nerd and numbed to the
corruption in the White House and firing
the Attorney General which could easily
be viewed as and properly so as
obstructing the investigation of the
Russia interference in our election will
probably just be one more thing that
Donald Trump gets away with I hope
that's not the case I hope that America
will rise in anger if he is fired and I
don't think it's gonna make a difference
whether it is before the election or
after although obviously they're trying
to avoid interfering in the midterm
elections but the anger should be the
same afterward because if it is
interfering in the investigation that is
going on in which Donald Trump is a
subject even if he's not a target we're
looking at his people at his campaign
and at his conduct his relatives conduct
and that investigation has to go on and
firing jeff Sessions should not be
tolerated
and if he is fired the next one whoever
is appointed must agree to not interfere
in the investigation to support Muller
and to give him his independence that's
what was required after the firing of
Attorney General Richardson so this is
interesting that you say that because
just last week on Fox News the president
said that he had he known that sessions
would recuse himself he wouldn't have
made him the Attorney General he wants
loyalty he said what kind of a man is
that so the point is Donald Trump simply
won't want to appoint someone who
doesn't give him some sort of loyalty
pledge but you're saying that if he
doesn't if this person doesn't recuse
themselves or doesn't say that they'll
let the investigation go on that that
that prompts some sort of crisis I am
NOT saying he has to
Q's himself the recusal of Jeff Sessions
was absolutely mandatory under
Department of Justice rules he was
involved in the campaign he was involved
in the very conduct that was under
investigation
he could not oversee it any more than
Donald Trump can oversee a despite
Donald's claim that he can but even if
he doesn't recuse himself does not mean
that he has to take away the
independence of the special consul that
has to be permitted and that's as they
say that's what happened as part of
confirming the replacement for Elliot
Richardson there was a requirement that
the investigation continued unimpeded
and without any interference from the
Attorney General
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
