and we couldn't have a better guest now
than California Senator Dianne Feinstein
who of course there's on the
Intelligence Committee and is the top
Democrat on the Judiciary Committee
about to hold those hearings I'm Brett
Kavanaugh and joins me now from the
Russell building thank you very much
then senator I first of all want to ask
you about this and about the suggestion
that sessions should go done began is
about to leave according to the
president's Twitter feed first of all
what about sessions the attorney general
how do you see that move well I see that
move as a firing out of pique and it's
really way below president's level I see
the Justice Department as being
responsible to the people of the country
not the president and the Attorney
General of the same way I see nothing of
any kind of misconduct by Senator
sessions as the head of the department
and again clearly the president has he
said many times can't get over his not
recusing himself in the Muller
investigation and of course recusal is
absolutely the right thing for the
Attorney General to have done showed me
that he had courage and that he had a
conviction and I thought it was a very
positive thing and is there any any
situation where this could actually play
into an obstruction issue to be trying
to push sessions out which could lead to
the firing of Rosen's time which could
lead to a domino effect that would
affect the mother-approved well I think
that this theory is alive and well and I
think we're going to have to wait and
see what Muller finds but if I
understand what mr. Cohen has said but
the president directed him to
essentially commit a felony and that's
obstruction of justice so we're gonna
have to wait and see under the laws that
now obtain
there doesn't necessarily have to be a
hearing to replace and confirm a new
Attorney General because there could be
an appointment under the vacancy Act and
he could he or she could be the new
Attorney General and it could be anyone
who has already been confirmed to a
physician from any department any
confirmed office holder could become the
acting Attorney General for at least a
year all I can say to that Andrea is wow
I certainly didn't know that and I've
been here for a while and I try to do my
work congratulations but that's a that's
a real problem as I see it because there
should be public hearings on whoever
whomever takes this office I certainly
hope the president isn't going to do
this I you know this idea that the
president gives the head of the Justice
Department orders is one that I don't
subscribe to either the laws the law and
all these people at justice are there to
carry out the law they're not members of
the president's staff speaking of the
president's staff the White House
Counsel technically is the counsel for
the office of the presidency not the
personal lawyer unless president and it
seems as though he's being punished with
his departure long rumored but announced
on Twitter on the president's Twitter
feed today well I mean that's just one
more surprise and a long line of
surprises
it certainly doesn't show any grace or
thankfulness it's just you know here's
my message you're out we've had a very
good relationship with mr. McGann
there's a lot of concern over the Ninth
Circuit and both senator Harris and I
work together and have a screening
committee and we have both met with him
and discussed various appointments and I
think for the Ninth Circuit I think
that's very helpful so everything I know
about mr. McGann is in
are we positive Brett Kavanaugh the
hearings start on Tuesday Tuesday and
Wednesday what do you want to hear from
this nominee well this is going to be a
very interesting hearing because there
is very deep concern on the Democratic
side of the aisle about this nominee and
I think let me begin by saying we've had
a great deal of trouble to get the
documents that are necessary and let me
give you a point of comparison we got 99
percent of Elena Kagan's White House
records we have four percent of
Cavanaugh's White House records these
records are important because you look
at emails and you see we're 12 years ago
when he was before the committee for an
appellate court position he said one
thing in the White House he said another
and then he may have said 1/3 different
things so you at least know that this
man is not consistent on all fronts so I
think this is a very big hearing our
biggest he will control most likely the
majority of the court on key issues
certainly issues of presidential
supremacy in which he's a very strong
believer he doesn't even believe that
the president should be investigated he
believes that there are certain
commissions like the FEC and others that
the president could just remove the head
of at will and replace and so it is a
very strong arbitrary position for
presidential supremacy and here we have
a man that a good friend has said he
violated the law committed a felony gave
him instructions to carry out certain
orders and that of course is mr. Cohen
finally I want to ask you about John
McCain you're on opposite sides of the
aisle but typically John McCain stood
with you on the whole issue of
waterboarding and tortures he was your
partner
get your back what are your thoughts
about him is we memorialize him this
week well my thoughts about him are very
strong he's going to be really missed
when the torture report came out it was
very controversial and I went to the
floor as soon as I finished I turned
around and McCain was right there
speaking we subsequently actually went
to Guantanamo this is kind of a cute
story and as you know the detention
facilities there are very difficult it's
not deplorable but the people there are
all accused of having participated in
terrorist attacks of one kind another
against our country and coming home on
the plane we were talking about his
arrest his detention in Hanoi at the
Hanoi Hilton
and he told us about how he and his
colleagues developed a tap code so they
could tap on the wall and communicate
this tap code was like a Morse code and
so as we were flying in the air he was
tapping and saying what the tapping
meant and to this very day he retained
that and that was amazing to me he was a
very independent he could have very
sobering house outbursts but when the
chips were down
Donald McCain was there and he was there
with heart and muscle and it made a
difference it makes a difference to the
Senate and I know it made a difference
to the Republican Party and yes it made
a difference for those of us who are
Democrats as well John McCain in my book
is a great hero thank you so much for
your reflections on John McCain thank
you senator it's great to see you thank
you thank you good to see you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
