so President Trump is warning of
violence if Republicans lose the midterm
elections NBC News has reviewed the
excerpts of the president's closed-door
meetings with evangelical leaders Monday
night and he said if the GOP loses in
November quote they will overturn
everything that we've done and they'll
do it quickly and violently I'll say
I'll say that again they will do it
quickly and they will do it violently
Jeremy Peters who sounds an awful lot
like what you you were writing about a
couple of weeks back when you said
violence actually seems to permeate so
many of these GOP ads their messages and
the messaging is so grim about violence
crimes drugs and and now you have the
president 19 states actually warning
evangelicals that if Democrats when they
will resort to violence it's like it's
1968 all over again Joe and some of
these Republican ads it's this Nick Sony
and dystopia that you see where you're
violent mobs are raging in the streets
and-and-and the added element here of
course is illegal immigration and the
argument that they're making is
Democrats will abolish ice they will
make your communities less safe they
will allow people like Molly Tibbets the
college student in Iowa to be murdered
this is a kind of chaos they will bring
and by the way they're also going to
undo the election of 2016 and I think
that's the ground on which a lot of
Republicans want to fight this midterm
election to make it a referendum on 2016
all over again will you elect Democrats
allow them to win and then have them
turn around and impeach president Trump
I mean this election was probably headed
there anyway but with President remarks
president Trump's remarks yesterday
about violence I think he's made it as
clear as day that this is where they are
going this is classic Trump my enemies
are mean they're mean to me
nasty people and they're violent which
of course in isolated cases yes urban
protests with with with angry Democrats
and or angry liberals like this
anarchist but I mean to represent the
whole Democratic Party this way is
disingenuous and classically Trump well
and I Heidi I don't understand actually
why any Republicans would follow Donald
Trump down this rat hole because this is
something that Ed Gillespie a man who
served his country for decades and
served it well he was a conservative yes
but he was respected by people on both
sides of the aisle the last two weeks he
trashed his reputation I'm sure he'll
get it back but last two weeks he
trashed his reputation trying to be
Donald Trump a Donald Trump figurine in
Virginia talking about Confederate
statues and ms-13 and he got trounced at
the polls this doesn't work for any for
people unless they are Donald Trump does
it it doesn't work in every election
although it's worked certainly for
people like Ron DeSantis
but with the invocation of the violence
Joe do you remember the rigged election
do you remember the entire run-up to
2016 when Donald Trump was talking about
a rigged election that was exactly what
he's doing here which is to excite his
base to stir resentment to make them
feel like they have been wronged and
that they're being cheated and he's
doing the same thing in the run-up to
this election except this actually is
not the same Donald Trump in 2016
because he had a two-pronged message it
wasn't just the racial resentment in the
race baiting he actually had a populist
economic message and we've seen that
completely divorced from the Donald
Trump that we see today and so I think
that's an important note to make for
this reason because it cuts both ways
when we're talking about Florida races
like Florida like Michigan he's going to
go down there and his only message is
stirring racial resentment
and cultural division what's that going
to do that is going to work on the other
side of the ledger to reawaken the Obama
coalition because that was what Hillary
Clinton failed to do she failed to put
the Obama coalition of young people and
minorities back together if you looked
at the exit polls in critical swing
states like Michigan those populations
didn't turn out so if he's going to drop
his economic message and simply stoke
cultural divisions and racial divisions
he's going to ignite that coalition that
was critical to to pass success for the
Democratic Party right and at least we
saw that in Alabama and in what's
traditionally been called the black belt
of central Alabama black voters came out
in record numbers I mean in an off-year
I mean it's one of the most
extraordinary things I've ever seen in
American politics in an off-year special
election when voting is supposed to be
extraordinarily low for minority voters
in Alabama black voters came out they
made the difference elected the first
Democrat to the United States Senate in
a quarter century at least when Donald
Trump talks like this all he's doing is
revving up his base it's just like I
said yesterday when he wouldn't lower
the flag for John McCain all he was
doing was burnishing John McCain's
legacy well when I look at that meeting
and think about it it is just still shot
absolutely shocking to me that he did
this in front of an audience of
evangelical leaders and I think it's
significant because evangelicals have
been incredibly disappointing to me and
how they've been willing to overlook a
lot of president Trump's personal
indiscretions that they wouldn't feel
the same way about and certainly did not
feel the same way about when it came to
Bill Clinton and so that increased
tolerance for whatever Donald Trump does
justifying it as long as you get the
Supreme Court justices we see that you
know being an ongoing
that is where evangelical leadership
overall with some notable dissenters
that's where they are right now and
Jeremy I would just ask you what are you
hearing from evangelical leaders that
you're talking to these days well so far
no major cracks in the coalition and and
I think that you won't see something
like that if things keep going the way
they're going it still remains kind of
unimaginable to me that that
evangelicals will break with him or that
Trump would do anything policy wise to
allow that to happen because he knows
there goes his presidency so III do
think that that evangelical leaders for
the most part think that that that Trump
is well this is what he's done he's
changed the way that evangelicals a lot
of them at least look at their leaders
in terms of the qualities they want for
the longest time Republican politicians
went to Iowa and they said you know I go
to church every Sunday I've been married
to the same woman for 30 years I can
cite chapter and verse from the Bible
elect me I'm one of you Donald Trump
pretended to be none of that he won
because he was a fighter because they
saw him as somebody who was willing to
punish and hurt the enemy and they liked
that and I really think it's broken the
model for them and they've been very
satisfied so far because look at all the
policy goals and victories they've
achieved yep yep certainly it's it's
really something that somebody these
same people were saying in the age of
Bill Clinton hey we can't have leaders
that said bad examples for our children
apparently that's not a concern anymore
so long as the federal judiciary goes
your way on a couple of cases huh it's
pretty crazy what some people are
willing to trade in for a few judges
still ahead on morning I mean again and
and I'm not I'm not being self-righteous
I'm just judging them by their own words
judging Jerry Falwell Jr by his own past
words judging Franklin Graham by his own
past words judging so many of these
evangelical leaders by their own
past words I I don't believe you should
be self-righteous and they certainly
were though when Bill Clinton was
president because of his moral
indiscretions but now suddenly it's just
not a concern at all you know what I've
always told my kids I've always told
politicians there's no such thing as a
free lunch you always have to pay for it
in the end these evangelical leaders I
think they're no exception to that rule
I think a lot of people in their
churches four five six years from now
are going to look at some of the things
they said in the middle of the age of
Trump and ask him serious questions
about where they were and why they sold
out for political power the words
pharisees sadducees come to mind anyway
enough Baptists talk this morning still
ahead of Morning Joe president Trump
says he's smiling at senators who were
pushing back at the White House trade
policies we're gonna be asking Senator
Chris Murphy if the jokes on the
American people plus the president
reportedly revives the idea of firing
Jeff session the Washington Post Carol
Lin aghhhhhh joins us with her latest
reporting on that and whether sessions
is really in danger of losing his job
you're watching Morning Joe we shall
return
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
