time for looking at
Axios a.m. and joining us from
Washington is national political
reporter for access to Jonathan Swann
Jonathan good morning to you so fill us
in on what axis is one big thing is for
this morning it's a scoop from my
colleague Mike Allen and I it's done
began the White House Council will be
stepping down this fall according to
senior White House officials and sources
close to McGann we've spoken to a number
of people at the top level of the
administration the person everyone
without exception was to replace Tom
began is Emmett flood who was brought in
in May to represent the president from
inside the White House on the Moller
probe da McGann himself wanted Emmett
flood to be his successor he told a
confidant that he had the perfect blend
of skills to handle what's surely coming
next year if the Democrats win the house
which is a blizzard of subpoenas and
congressional investigations and
potentially impeachment proceedings so
talk to us a little bit about the timing
of McGann's pending decision to depart
is this your assessment that it's a
mutual decision do you think he was a
little bit pressure to leave we know he
made some headlines a few weeks ago when
it was revealed that he had been
speaking to the Muller probe and had sat
down for nearly 30 hours or so of
interviews with Bob Muller's team our
understanding is the timing has not been
entirely set it's either going to be
after the Cavanaugh confirmation for the
Supreme Court or after midterm elections
but it's going to be later this fall his
relationship with President Trump has
never been particularly good since since
joining the White House the president
according to people who've watched the
two of them interact gets very
frustrated with him
tears shreds off him often in
conversation it feels that Don McGann
doesn't give him the answers he wants
defenders of McGann say well he's
handling a very trying situation with a
president who's often asking him to do
illegal things so it's very difficult
being this president's lawyer but it
hasn't been a particularly good
relationship perhaps sometimes over
sensational
but you know there have been strains
however Dom McGann has done very well
for the President on judicial selections
they've done a record pace of
confirmations of judges at the federal
level and also of course he's about to
potentially confirm selecting confirm
the second Supreme Court justice Sophie
on that and deregulation he sees
accomplished a lot you touched on a
little bit about his successor who could
replace them there and the challenges
especially when it comes after the
midterms in the Democratic control but
what else there on the broader scope
that we're looking at and is are there
any other names that may come in in the
last minute that we may see so Emmett
flood actually I should stress my
understanding is there's nothing's been
formalized that's for the know that from
senior source but he's a nobody that
nobody on the horizon would get the
opportunity ahead of him he represented
Bill Clinton during the impeachment
proceedings he joined the George W Bush
administration in the second term for
two years to handle congressional
investigations there is nobody in
Washington of his caliber who would be
willing to serve in the Trump White
House and serve this president who can
handle the blizzard of investigations
that are surely coming their way yeah I
was gonna say is probably one of the
toughest positions in Washington
anticipating everything that may be
coming down the pipeline all right
Jonathan Swan thank you very much of
course gonna be reading axes him in just
a little bit and to all of our viewers
out there you too can sign up for the
newsletter at signup that Axios com and
that does it for us on this Wednesday
morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
