I just want to give you a quick tank on
my my take from the primaries last night
we talked about it before last hour but
the number one takeaway in Republican
primaries Donald Trump is the kingmaker
we've talked about it in the show talked
about it for the past several weeks Adam
Putnam spent twenty years preparing for
last night Donald Trump came in with one
endorsement sidetracked his political
career and and helped run DeSantis win
that race in a landslide so when it
comes to Republican primary it's not
that general election but Republican
primaries make no doubt about it just
like Sarah Palin was the kingmaker for
Republicans in 2010 Donald Trump is the
kingmaker in 2018 the second lesson Dems
historic possibilities this year should
not mask how far left they've gone and
they are going left in the primary
process in a lot of the key marquee
states you look at Georgia you look at
Florida those are states in the deep
south but they have candidates a black
candidates that are talking about
Medicare for all
also again adopting more of a Bernie
Sanders approach to the politics than
say a Bill Clinton approach at the same
time they could also be the difference
makers not only in their race for the
sort of election turnout we saw in the
state of Alabama but also for people
like Bill Nelson who could really
benefit by mayor gillum's victory last
night number three we need to be on
guard as a nation many of the media will
openly root for the Democratic
gubernatorial candidates in Georgia and
Florida and across the nation and Donald
Trump will almost certainly use that and
his attacks against the media to make
this a racial battle a racial political
war and as Michael still said he started
scratching at that last night number
four which 2020 Democratic presidential
candidates will go to Georgia and
Florida and what will they say either of
two
it's either of those two Democrats in
Georgia and Florida if they win then
they become kingmakers in 2020 and
number five can a combination of the
Hillary Obama Bernie Sanders coalition
be created and and be brought together
to help democrats win that remains the
big question Mike Barnicle that's a
question that's going to determine the
fate of so many of these Democratic
candidates can you bring two sides of
this Democratic Party that's split apart
the Bernie side and the Clinton side
that split apart can you bring them
together and in 2018
can everybody work together to help
democrats win some pretty historic races
that are in front of them this November
Joe there's gonna be a lot of division
in the campaigns this fall there's going
to be divisions within the Democratic
Party as you just pointed out the
Sanders wing the Sanders Elizabeth
Warren wing from the more centrist wing
of the Democrats there's going to be
that division that's already unfolding
in front of us and there is certainly
going to be again as you pointed out and
as Michael Steele pointed out earlier
race is going to be a factor a big
factor in these campaigns especially I
think in Florida where the President of
the United States will absolutely engage
in a racial way to try and divide the
state and encourage people to vote for
the Republican candidate but Michael
Steele depending on which way the races
go mm-hmm if Republicans win in Georgia
in Florida if Republicans hold on to the
United States Senate if Republicans do
fairly well in the house and don't bleed
as many many seats as they currently
expect it'll be seen as a massive
victory for Donald Trump
the opposite is the opposite is true
yeah if if Democrats win the Georgia
gubernatorial race if Democrats win the
the Florida Democratic race and this is
not me rooting for Democrats in this
these two states it's just saying the
truth that is
revolution that is not just a political
revolution that's a societal revolution
yeah a lot of people have talked about
the new South for 30 years
that would usher in the new south
brought to you by the extremism and the
racism of Donald Trump well your fifth
point was for me really one of the most
important points to to what you just
said because it really does talk about
how Democrats are able to coalesce
around this idea of yes we're disparate
and we've got these different parts of
the party but this is about pulling
together what we need to win and how
discipline they will be to do that when
you look at the Florida race you're
talking about
not really touted that much but the
impact of Tom Styer gen-x
the Parkland students who are now
actively out there engaging politically
those types of forces have a ripple
effect across the country you'll see it
coming to play in Georgia so you're
absolutely right how the Democrats are
able to pull together this coalition
with Donald Trump sort of putting this
poison of race and in sort of feeding
this white nationalist meme and all of
that in states like Florida will be very
very important to the outcome come
November and I just wonder if
Republicans are smart enough to
understand that some of that race
baiting and some of that hatred may work
in primary races but boy it backfires in
the general oil and I just don't know if
they're going to be able to shift gears
Donald Trump hasn't been able to for 18
months and he's not going to be able to
help himself going into the general
election it seems to me that will be a
political godsend for Democrats to get
people out to vote if Donald Trump keeps
playing the race card thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
