why don't we start with yesterday's
important news out of Florida and
Arizona where they of course held their
primary races now in Florida Tallahassee
mayor Andrew Gilliam narrowly won the
state's Democratic nomination for
governor and one of the most significant
upsets of the primary season and I can
tell you what an upset that was I saw a
commercial after commercial after
commercial for all the other candidates
but but he actually becomes the first
black major party candidate for governor
in the state's history in Florida
history now Gilman's gonna be facing off
against the Republican Party's nominee
Trump back Trump obsessed gonna put my
baby in a Trump t-shirt congressman Ron
de santis think about how that's gonna
set him I would stop right there for a
second
Steve Kornacki what an upset this was
again if you're down in Florida I was
down in Florida and saw ads for a couple
of weeks and boy you you didn't see his
ads you saw ads from everybody else
how did this happen where did he come
from
and let's just talk about the battle
lines that have been drawn in too deep
state South's were the South States
where I've lived Georgia and Florida in
both states you have black Democrats
medicare-for-all progressive candidates
going against hardcore right-wing Trump
East as all the way in for Donald Trump
I mean how's that set up for the fall
it's Florida in Florida races each base
you can look at Democratic side
Republican base each Trump era base
really got what it wanted last night one
thing that staggering to me was and all
the votes I don't think are fully
Academy at least they weren't when I
went to sleep but even at that point
last night there were something close to
1.5 million votes that had been cast in
the Democratic side in that primary that
was up from somewhere around 850,000
last time there were more than 1.6
million on the Republican side I was
going back
I could not find an example in modern
Florida politics where you had the
turnout in both parties that high over
three million combined votes at least
gonna be be cast between those two
parties so a lot of energy on both sides
there how did the Gilliam thing happen
you're right the money wasn't there for
him our friends the polls they weren't
there for him again he was never in
first place he was never even in second
place in any of the polls taken before
this thing but the energy was there the
grassroots energy was there this is
somebody who ran to the left he
positioned himself to the left
certainly the left of Gwen Graham she
had been the front-runner the favored to
this thing she had been leading in the
polls she followed I think you had to
say that the traditional model of
Florida politics she tried to position
herself a little bit more in the center
with an eye toward appealing to what
traditionally have been the swing voters
now in a swing state like Florida in the
general election Gilliam ran to her left
he talked about impeaching Trump he
talked about abolishing ice you know a
lot of people have made in the last
couple days Bernie Sanders came in there
and campaigned for him there was energy
there and when he looked at it last
night you know around the state that
sort of political geography of that
victory for Gilliam you mentioned
Tallahassee mayor he was winning in
South Florida he was winning in
miami-dade he was winning in some of
those rural Panhandle areas where Gwen
Graham was supposed to be winning he was
rolling up numbers in Jacksonville in
Orlando even in you know Hillsborough
Tampa all around the state he was
showing some strength last night boy and
I'll tell you what if you looked at the
amount of money that Greene put into
that race a late comer spent millions
and millions so many Republican our
Democratic Party insiders were sure he
was gonna buy that election the polls
sure looked like he had a good chance
and man they get to the they get to the
voting booth and Michael still seems
like Democrats knew exactly what they
wanted and what they didn't want no talk
about talk about how November's gonna
set up here like this is this is cliff
diving for both Democrats and
Republicans and we could have we could
have the first two black governor's
elected in deep south States Douglas
Wilder won in Virginia right but in the
deep south we can either have two
progressive black governors
deep state South Deep South states where
George Wallace did great in 68 in 72 or
you could have a massive victory for
Donald Trump in both of those states
where again two people that have totally
bought in to the to the the Trump
personality cult even dressing their
babies and make America great again
t-shirts and bragging about it and
whispering build that wall to their
young young infants
that's about a stark contrast as you get
isn't it Michael
oh you are so right I mean you can't set
this baby up any better than that it is
going to be a barn burner of an election
across the deep south in Georgia in
Florida and then you have to also look
at Maryland where you have another
african-american male progressive in Ben
Jealous running against incumbent
Republican Larry Hogan in a state that's
two-to-one democrat Hogan is sitting
there with a 70 plus percent job
approval so you see this this emerging
dynamic where voters are going to have
to make real stark choices what I found
interesting about this though is what
Bernie Sanders and the Bernie Sanders
team just put it writ large nationally
has been able to do they've gone out and
they've tried to identify candidates
definitely progressive very clearly
stated no holding back and running to
the left of the Democratic Party and is
pushing the party and forcing its hand
as we saw with the race in Florida to
now come to grips with having to rally
around a progressive agenda and that
writ large again a lot of Democrats may
not be sold on that's an opening for
Republicans you're gonna see that
narrative emerge fairly quickly Gilliam
as someone people do not know across
Florida outside of you know maybe strong
democratic circles necessarily so
there's gonna be a lot of examination
about him which will make this a very
interesting race of Dean thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
