how was your weekend according to
Gabriel Sherman's report in Vanity Fair
your weekend was probably way better
than Donald Trump's quote he spent the
weekend calling people and screaming one
former White House official said at the
end of Trump's worst week what else
would you expect the man to do on the
weekend that same report by Gabe Sherman
quotes another West Wing officials
saying Trump is nuts this time really
feels different Donald Trump did not
spend the weekend calling people and
screaming about the 528 children who are
still separated from their families
after Donald Trump ordered them
separated from their families at the
southern border the president is under a
court order to reunite those families
and so he should be calling people and
screaming or doing whatever is necessary
to reunite those children but he
obviously doesn't care about any of them
he cares about his campaign Chairman
Paul Manafort being found guilty of
federal crimes his former personal
lawyer Michael Cohen pleading guilty to
federal crimes in his longtime
accountant Alan weiselberger who is now
the chief financial officer of the Trump
businesses getting immunity from federal
prosecutors along with David pecker the
publisher of the National Enquirer in
exchange for that immunity they have to
tell the truth to the FBI and federal
prosecutors about Donald Trump all of
that happened
last week and Trump's worst week and so
the president spent the weekend calling
people and screaming about that and no
doubt trying to think up ways to
distract attention from the criminal
investigation closing in on him and one
bright idea that he had about distract
as distracting attention came this
morning at 528 a.m. when he tweeted
about how unfair the Google search
results are when you search for Trump
news that is of course news about the
terribly unpopular President of the
United States who found the time today
to tweet about Google search results but
couldn't find the time to say one word
about the latest tragic statistics on
the number of people killed by Hurricane
Maria in Puerto Rico
today researchers at George Washington
University is issued the latest revision
of that total to 2975
that's after the government's first
official count of the death toll at 64
the new statistics provoked an emergency
press conference by the Governor of
Puerto Rico today to explain why the
government has been so slow in revising
that official count but the President of
the United States didn't think there was
anything worth noticing in the increase
in the death toll of American citizens
killed in that hurricane from 64 to 2975
but the suffering of those thousands of
people who were killed in Puerto Rico
the suffering of their families the
suffering of the 528 families still
separated at our southern border cannot
find any space to occupy in the mind of
this President of the United States
where the only suffering he recognizes
is the pain he feels when you google
Trump news Jason Johnson and David corn
will join our discussion next here is
the mayor of San Juan Puerto Rico today
all he had to say is I'm sorry that 2975
of you died that's all he had to say but
he's incapable of doing that anything
that comes out of the president's mouth
that does not begin with I am sorry that
those people died even as a simple act
of being in tune with what we're feeling
is totally neglectful and totally off
the grid I mean the man does not have a
clue
Jarius now Jason Johnson politics editor
at the root command an MSNBC contributor
and david korn is back with us and Jason
Johnson we saw it with John McCain and
now we've seen it with 2975 people as
the
put it he cannot even say I'm sorry yeah
when you have to be shamed into lowering
and then raising the flag for a a
veteran and a noble member of the US
Senate it's indicative of how this White
House operates but Lawrence the part
that has always gotten me about Trump
and his refusal to just show common
courtesy in decency towards human beings
is the fact that no one around him seems
embarrassed by this no one around him
seems ashamed about the fact that you
know he didn't want to raise of like no
one around him seems ashamed that he
can't say oh my gosh 3,000 Americans
died and we basically tried to hide the
figures like it was the concussion
protocol in the NFL that's what really
galls me about this administration we
can have a despicable man in the White
House but the fact that he's surrounded
by enablers endangers us all let's
listen to what Donald Trump did say
about this hurricane in Puerto Rico when
the death count was just ridiculously
underreported at that time let's listen
to this we've saved a lot of lives if
you look at the every death is a horror
but if you look at a real catastrophe
like Katrina and you look at the
tremendous hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of people that died and you
look at what happened here with really a
storm that was just totally overpowering
nobody's ever seen anything like this
you can be very proud everybody around
this table and everybody watching can
really be very proud of what's taking
place in Puerto Rico David first of all
no other president would have talked
about even that that low death toll
number that way but if they had made
comments about it they wouldn't let
those comments stand today when that
number goes up by almost 3,000 well it's
a trump hurricane so it has to be the
best hurricane right and his response
has to be the best response
you know what strikes me today about the
Google News episode at 5:00 a.m. in the
morning is that it makes clear that the
thing that motivates Trump more than
anything else is his own petty
personal grievances this guy is not 98%
water like the rest of us
he's 98% spite that's what motivates him
that's what gets him up in the morning
and gets him into that office or even
before the office into the bathroom and
tweeting away he doesn't care about
2,900 Americans Puerto Rico he doesn't
care about Americans who don't have
clean water in Flint Michigan he doesn't
care about separated families he doesn't
care about victims of gun violence he
cares about his own petty grievances
it's the way a narcissist sees the world
and Jason there's the president
screaming into the phone all weekend
because he's angry about the
investigation closing in on him and
there's no report there's not even a
hint from anyone in the White House that
he has picked up the phone that he has
said one word that he's made one attempt
to move his bureaucracy on reuniting
those children at the southern border no
no the president the president doesn't
care I mean he doesn't care about brown
children he doesn't care about brown
people he doesn't care about Puerto
Ricans he doesn't care about you know
shootings in Florida these are not
things that concern him
you know Lawrence is it you know for a
genetic sir like me they always say you
know you can you can learn a lot about
somebody by their search history on
their computer you just look at the tabs
and the fact that Donald Trump when he
looks on Google and fake news always
find something bad what that indicates
is he wakes up every day trying to see
what do they think about me whether they
think about me who's saying bad things
about me his computer is basically
learning based on his own grievances and
that shows us that his computer is
giving him the painful world that he
sees so I'm not surprised he's only
obsessed with his own reviews his own Q
numbers and that's why the moment things
start looking bad he never looks inward
he attacks outward and so David when he
checks tomorrow he's gonna find there's
a lot more negative comment about his
silence about the 2975 deaths in Puerto
Rico and of course bad news coverage
about his complaints about Google News I
mean it's and he'll be out there you
know you're finding another way to show
that the world's against him which he
thinks plays to his base in to some
degree it does but really what it does
is play to his psyche
Jason Johnson and David corn thank you
both for joining us tonight thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
