bait or ork the Democratic candidate for
Senate from Texas has made the Facebook
live video a hallmark of his campaign he
does him all the time sometimes multiple
times a day documenting life on the
trail from long drives to skateboarding
in the parking lot of a water but water
burger the fast food chain and
air-drumming to the who also at a letter
burger while waiting in the
drive-through lane how does he stay so
thin
itÂ´ll likes what a burger for some
reason his opponent ted cruz decided to
use that as an attack line Cruz's
spokesperson calling wrote a quote
triple meat water burger at liberal I
have no idea what that means but it did
make for some good fodder for director
Richard Linklater's newest anti-cruise
ad starring Sonny Carl Davis just as a
consumer I'm a big fan of eating White
Castle burgers
I like their little burgers I don't even
know what that is there's not a White
Castle within nine hundred miles of
Texas Ted may be up in Canada huh well
Ted Cruz is clapping back at bait though
again he's doing Facebook live videos
now - and that's thing - in 60 seconds
so Ted Cruz wants in on the Facebook
live action but unlike his opponent bait
or work who is a seasoned Facebook live
professional Cruz that a whole bunch of
trouble when he tried to broadcast an
interview with Dallas radio host Marc
Davis yesterday secure the border how do
you do that build a wall but little
walls not everything you used to do you
use infrared you need you use fixed-wing
and rotary-wing aircraft use boots on
the ground we need to triple the u.s.
Border Patrol by the way let me say for
the technical thing are we sideways
someone call and because at least on
your computer screen we're sideways
which would be we may not win IT
department of the year if we're tryin
here it's like an episode of NYPD Blue
at this point okay don't put your hand
over the camera I think you need to hold
it vertically I don't know that but it's
sideways when it's when you're holding
it horizontally we're getting more
hearts than their to ever see hold it
vertically and leave it there it tells
you we won't let you oh well it's
sideways on this and just hold it
vertical and ignore what it tells you
alright perfect just leave it right
there
perfect that literally like slightly up
uncorroborated allegations sometimes
absurd and ridiculous patience they were
repeating family you're now broadcasting
yourself you flipped it I know okay you
flip back hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
