remember that list we told you about
last night the one being circulated by
Republicans previewing investigations
Democrats could launch if they take over
the house it's a very long list which
was no doubt intended to strike fear
into the heart of Republicans but which
actually just reads as a list of things
that absolutely should be investigated
it features broad categories like family
separation policy and come to think of
it at this very moment more than a month
after a federal judge's deadline over
500 children remains separated from
their families what is going to happen
to them we genuinely don't know
and that seems worthy of looking into
another item on that list
hurricane response in Puerto Rico up
until this month the official death
count as a result of Hurricane Maria was
64 people but according to a new study
out today commissioned by the Puerto
Rican government almost 3,000 people
died in the five months after Maria hit
the wildly understated death toll by
this administration has not been the
subject of any major sustained
congressional investigation and that
also seems worthy of a little looking
into and now tonight we have another
scandal Republicans may want to add to
the list it has to do with the president
I stays directly intervening in the
development of the FBI building which
happens to sit across the street from
the Trump International Hotel in DC
joining me now to explain this Jonathan
O'Connell report Washington Post who has
been covering Donald Trump's interest
one might even say obsession the FBI
building for years has a new piece out
this week on the subject and Ana
Weissman chief FOIA counsel for the
Citizens for responsibility and ethics
in Washington also known as GRU all
right Jonathan my basic understanding
here is the FBI had a big redevelopment
plan ready to go they're gonna move the
core headquarters out somewhere the
kibosh was put on it and the question is
did the president do it right I think
that's a big part of it Chris yeah I
mean for ten years the FBI and the
General Services Administration have
been working on a plan to build a secure
campus for the FBI in the Washington
suburbs a place where you know you could
not drive a car bomb or commit some
other horrible act on the FBI where they
are downtown
and there's sort of been a real u-turn
recently out of the Trump administration
part of that I think is the FBI deciding
that maybe they want to remain downtown
and part of it is the president taking a
personal interest in this project in
this contract which is obviously unusual
and as you pointed out the sort of there
was an added layer of tension and the
stakes are a bit higher because the
president's hotel is just down the
street from this this parcel here if I'm
not mistaken and he met with the head of
the GSA on this very question yes is
that normal I don't think so no in fact
the president met on two separate
occasions with the head of the GSA and
earlier than that the head of his GSA
had a meeting with White House chief of
staff John Kelly and one of the meetings
that the GSA head had took place just
weeks before the FBI FBI announced that
it was going to rebuild back on the
original FBI headquarters site so the IG
report found really provides mounting
evidence of that the president has
potentially improperly interfere dinh
the decision a decision that will affect
his bottom line because if in fact if
the FBI had been allowed to relocate to
another location it's likely that in its
place where the FBI now stands there'd
be a commercial building that would
compete directly with the president's
hotel just down the street I see so the
theory that the interference here and
Jonathan this is something you report on
for a while Trump has been interested
himself before even before the the hotel
Jonathan Trump back in 2013 that he and
Ivanka were consider acquiring the FBI
headquarters this is a piece of
commercial development property he
himself has wanted to develop yep at the
time President Trump were then mr. Trump
had just won the contract to build his
hotel across the street and that is also
at the GSA he was riding high feeling
great about his work there and had you
know talked about you know maybe I will
build a bit
the FBI headquarters across the way I
mean part of the over the other problem
here obviously is that the head of the
GSA is effectively the president's
landlord at the same time she is a
presidential appointee so she her agency
oversees the president's lease Elyse he
still benefits from financially right
now and the in the old post office
building which is his hotel while she is
overseeing projects like the FBI and I'm
like that that seems like such an
obvious conflict on its face well that's
exactly right and it's the president
where any other federal employee he
would be conflicting at conflicted out
from even participating in discussions
about where to cite the FBI building
because he would have a direct and
predictable financial interest in the
outcome of that decision but as we know
and as we've seen evidence of again and
again the president is not subject to
the same a conflict of interest laws and
finally the head of the GSA a woman
named Emily Murphy
Jonathan was asked multiple times
basically was the president driving this
if he intervened and she basically
answered in a way that wasn't quite
alive but led one to believe the
President had not right right and that
instance has been magnified in this
report but there are multiple instances
where officials from the GSA and the FBI
have declined to say in front of
Congress what the White House is
involved in the decision have been and
what the president's involvement in the
decision have been which I'm not even
really clear the reason for those sort
of those dodges of those questioning
because you know if the president's to
take a specific involvement in one real
estate project maybe it's just as
prerogative but if there's something
larger there that they're covering up I
think that's the reason that
investigators are taking a peek at this
i I think that that you put your your
finger on it it's the sort of deception
and assembling around the president's
role to me that is the thing that seems
the strangest about this as far as the
facts that we know Jonathan O'Connor and
Anne Weissman thank you for joining me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
