breaking news a key banker for Paul
Manafort just had his Manhattan home
burglarized in an unusual robbery in the
middle of the night this banker was
linked to the loans that Bob Miller
prosecuted in mana forts recent trial
and the banker David Fowler Eno says
that after last night's break-in the
quote only items missing from his home
or a briefcase iPad and sneakers that's
according to a report from NBC
journalist Jonathan Dean's who writes
that ballerina was one of the three key
figures not called by Bob Miller's
office to testify at the trial of Paul
Manafort the break-in came on the same
evening that news broke that man
afforded begun negotiations with Bob
Millar about a plea deal now this new
report of the burglary does not identify
any suspects or a motive authorities
have not said whether they're
investigating any potential link between
this burglary of Palmetto Ford spankers
home and the current legal pressure on
mana Ford who is now a convicted felon
and you don't need to be a detective to
know there are random burglaries in
Manhattan it's possible to see this as a
random unsolved burglary take one of the
most burglarized areas in Manhattan the
garment district near Penn Station which
has had twenty seven different
burglaries since the start of 2017
according to city records now that's a
place where there are some burglaries to
choose from but how about where mana
Ford's banker actually lives it's an
expensive neighborhood by Central Park
live with fancy doorman buildings a
random home burglaries is common there
maybe instead of 27 there are 20 or ten
or five nope we check city records today
and found that since January 2017 that
block has zero burglaries not one and we
confirm those records with NYPD
Assistant Commissioner Dvorak a tonight
who says yes there have been no
residential burglaries on that block at
all since January 2017 now authorities
are again not saying more about the
suspects or motives there's no reporting
that says this is linked to Paul
Manafort directly it could be an unusual
event at an unusual time or it could be
unusual for a reason in a moment I'm
going to speak about the wider man
afford issues to two former federal
prosecutors but first I go right to the
reporter on the story Jonathan Dean's
chief investigative reporter for
via NBC what happened now the NYPD is
investigating they responded to a call
placed by that banker David Fowler we
know that his home had been broken into
overnight and as you said sometimes a
burglary is just a burglary but what
makes it unusual as you said who the
victim is where this happened and what
was taken so again the NYPD now trying
to find out who took this bankers iPad
and briefcase trying to review
surveillance video along that block to
see if they can identify a suspect the
9-1-1 call came in overnight around 1:30
in the morning
the banker claiming that he had left the
door to his penthouse the balcony door
to his penthouse unlocked and that
somebody come in leaving and left a
crowbar behind and he woke up when he
heard his front door slam again unclear
who broke in police not telling us what
was in the briefcase or what's contained
on that iPad let me jump in with the
final question is is the fact that
something like a briefcase which is not
considered outwardly all that valuable
on a block that never you know has had a
burglary in the last year and a half is
that significant do you think I guess
the only question is what's in the
briefcase and would did the person who
enter that apartment know what they were
looking for or was it just random and
was the burglar scared off because the
victim woke up during the burglary and
he may have heard the victim coming out
of his bedroom and thus fled out the
front door it's unclear there's nothing
to say that this was any sort of
pre-planned incident this is a 9/4
balcony overlooking the back of the
building it has a terrorist there are
adjacent buildings nearby it is on a
block near what's called billionaires
row where all these luxury high-rises
right with views of Central Park where
as you noted there are very few
break-ins the only crime that I could
find anywhere near that block was the
robbery off of a truck parked about a
block or two away but that was parked
out on the street so again the
investigation early ongoing it's
certainly something that's a talker but
as of now you would think that given the
manna for trial and the conviction that
just happened from this Bank fraud case
that
prosecutors already had a lot of the
information they already needed to prove
their case and they did with those
convictions Jonathan deets on the story
thank you very much I want to bring in
ty Kelley a former federal prosecutor in
DOJ a lawyer who worked with before rod
Rosenstein as well as former federal
prosecutor Paul Butler Paul what do you
make of this one you heard Jonathan
there with reporting this in a measured
way we spoke to NYPD there aren't a lot
of ninth little crowbar robberies
billionaires row indeed there hasn't
been any home invasions as I mentioned
since January 2017 that your reaction
most likely random coincidence weird
stuff happens except for two things one
this is Donald Trump and Paul man
affords New York where folks have fixers
and shady financial deals and Donald
Trump talks like a mafioso wiseguy come
asking for loyalty pledges and complain
about witnesses who flip and so in that
context it has to be looked at with more
suspicion and Paul Manafort is already
indicted for witness tampering that's
also going to make the prosecutors look
at this more than they will look at any
just random Burghley story what happens
is a federal prosecutor you get your FBI
agent to make a call to NYPD
look this is your case you guys handle
it but let me know if anything looks
weird and the difference that makes
burglary has one of the lowest clearance
rates re if I call the NYPD's my
sneakers and iPad were stolen they're
not going to do a whole lot they're
gonna pay attention to this case so to
speak to that point Paul of course makes
a connection that is so important this
is in a case where there has already
been charges of that kind of obstructive
conduct of 12 trying to fix the evidence
now here again the authorities aren't
telling us they're investigating it this
way do you think this is something that
the prosecutors would be interested in
there is no doubt that the prosecutors
have already made contact with NYPD to
make sure that they know everything
about how the call was made what the
first statement by the banker was what's
missing what was
the briefcase undoubtedly there is going
to be some work together there to see if
in fact this has anything to do with the
mana Ford case hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our You Tube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
