back with breaking news on a new report
out today that states nearly three
thousand people died in Puerto Rico in
the months after Hurricane Maria the
initial death count you may recall 64
and we seized Morgan Radford joins us
now with the very latest Morgan who
released this report what is the very
latest on and why is it so significant
so the report came from George
Washington School of Public Health but
they found that now 2975 people they
died between September 2017 and February
2018 but interestingly this report
showed this affected all areas of the
island but it especially affected those
poor Puerto Ricans and the elderly
Puerto Ricans but also Eamon what's
interesting is how this discrepancy came
about so initially the report came out
and initially the government was saying
look we think there are 64 people who
have died still a tragic number but it
was less than it turned out to actually
be so then independent of investigators
went back to the Governor of Puerto Rico
they'll say yo and they said look we
think these numbers are actually higher
than the statistics are showing so he
commissioned this independent study and
they're coming back and they're saying
the number of people who died actually
22 percent higher than a year where
there wouldn't have been a storm and now
this report is particularly interesting
because it slams the Puerto Rican
government for how it handled the
aftermath if you remember President
Trump came out and this report says that
he touted prematurely low numbers when
really they feel like he shouldn't have
done so so early take a listen to what
he said back in 2017 now what is your
what is your death count as of this
moment 17
so 16 people certified 16 people versus
in the thousands you can be very proud
of all of your people all of our people
working together 16 versus literally
thousands of people he says it could
have been thousands and says that we
should be proud but in reality we know
that's not what the actual number was
and so this report slams the government
and says it was actually due to
inadequate training and lack of a crisis
preparation plan and that's what caused
the number of deaths that they really
feel like there should not have been and
so they planned what they called quote
the transparency and the credibility of
the Puerto Rican government now they're
saying they should now make a plan that
will not only affect Puerto Rico but
other parts of the United States
especially here in the contiguous United
States that could be effective and I'm
sure a lot of families as well wants
some kind of accountability for the lack
of preparation for what happened there
at Morgan Radford thank you very much
I'm sure you'll stay on top of the story
for us appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
