they used to call it nap that we're
gonna call it the United States Mexico
trade agreement that will get rid of the
name NAFTA I like to call this deal the
United States Mexico trade agreement
I think it's an elegant name I think
NAFTA has a lot of bad connotations for
the United States because it was a
ripoff there was a deal that was a
horrible deal for a country as far as
Canada is concerned we haven't started
with Canada yet we wanted to do Mexico
and they saved that was possible to do
Canada will start negotiations shortly
I'll be calling the Prime Minister very
soon and we'll start negotiation and if
they'd like to negotiate fairly we'll
will do that I think with Canada frankly
the easiest thing we can do is to tariff
their cars coming in it's a tremendous
amount of money and it's a very simple
negotiation it could end in one day and
we taken a lot of money the following
day but I think we'll give them a chance
to probably have a separate deal we
could have a separate deal that we could
put it into this deal he he's he's just
making everything up as he goes along he
there is no there is no deal he it's
like North Korea he goes over to North
Korea he declares victory he tells you
you can go to sleep at night never
worrying about North Korean nukes again
because he went over and shook
somebody's hand and he had a lot of
cameras there taking pictures of him and
then you find out a couple of weeks
later then certainly we found out this
past week from Donald Trump's own Intel
community that not only what he said
Ally but in fact North Korea is
advancing on their nuclear technology
here in this case he talks about an
elegant name that he's created for the
new us-mexico deal which isn't even a
deal they're trying to discuss a
framework but there isn't even a deal
and he says he can get Canada to step in
and
do a deal in a day now no he can't david
ignatius
I really don't know how to even address
it he's come up with a name for a deal
there's only one problem
he's got no deal what exactly happened
yesterday well he's got the beginnings
of a deal and Joe I think that he's in
my judgment beginning to make a little
progress get a little momentum on the on
the trade front what he's doing is
clearing away the subsidiary secondary
issues we've been picking fights with
our friends and neighbors Mexico Canada
Europe the real trade issue is China and
it's it's a big and important one on
that President Trump isn't isn't wrong
the imbalance in u.s. Chinese trade is
it's been a problem now for several
decades
I think this Mexico agreement is
significant for one reason it is an
attempt to raise the wages paid to
Mexican auto workers and thereby have
some upward movement on on US auto
worker wages and at a time when we worry
about stagnating middle-class incomes
that that's a that's a worthy goal cars
will cost a little bit more probably in
the u.s. under this deal but the
assumption is that Americans will be
waited to pay that price as part of some
improvement for their neighbors
standards of living it's not much of a
deal or not a lot in it
it's hauntingly similar to what was
going to be in the trans-pacific
partnership in terms of labor and
environmental standards that Trump nixed
as soon as he got into office but but I
think in terms of the particulars of
this deal they're they're they're
they're pretty good he probably will get
Canada to go along the Europeans are
signalling that they would like now to
to solve some of their differences and
then move on to everybody's real target
of interest which is China hey Dom let's
bring it right now CBC's Dominic to DOM
Donald Trump says he's blowing NAFTA up
he's getting rid of NAFTA he's just
going to negotiate with
sico he'll worry about Canada later he
can get that done in a day it sounds
pretty simple is it that simple
it's not gonna be that simple but I mean
like David was pointing out that the
reason why he is trying to take at least
a mini victory lap if you will is
because the framework that David talked
about really does kind of put at least a
couple maybe a couple of particulars to
what ultimately President Trump is
trying to do this new deal would
hypothetically if it were to kind of go
forward get a lot of first of all autos
is going to be the big point of this
deal because it is a huge economy
industry between the Canada side the U
the US side and the Mexico side this new
framework we'll call it is going to call
on at least the manufacturers of autos
in North America to make at least
three-quarters of that automobiles
overall worth it's going to have to come
from North America under these rules
it's about sixty two and a half percent
right now so it's a bump up there in
order for to qualify for the zero tariff
situation that NAFTA currently has
they've also got to use more kind of
locally sourced steel more locally
sourced aluminum auto parts that sort of
thing and to the point you guys brought
up the labor issue is one of the main
sticking points of this because there
are lower wages in Mexico and automakers
and parts manufacturers have been able
to take advantage of that cheaper labor
to put cheaper parts onto the market for
us a land for goods there so now under
this new framework 40 to 45 percent of a
car are going to be have to be made by
workers earning at least 16 bucks an
hour they kind of put us on a more
competitive footing and that's gonna be
one of the big things Joe that the
president wants to signal about this
deal whether or not they can get Canada
to agree to this is something else but
it is view right now is something that
the labor unions here in the US and even
in Canada have been wanting for a while
Joe caddy K as we can see from Dominic
use report we can cover these agreements
these proposed agreements or deals quite
effectively and explain them to the
American public quite well but sometimes
given the great deal maker who sits in
the White House today there's a there's
an aftereffect of things that he claims
or deals that are not really deals and I
cite last night Wall Street Journal
posted this
whose story the Trump administration
pledged to pay farmers 4.7 million
dollars to offset losses from trade
disputes with foreign buyers of US
agricultural products Agriculture
Secretary sunny produced that the
payments would help protect farmers from
unjustified tariffs some nations have
applied in response to president Trump's
trade policies so we're a long way from
any deals with Mexico or Canada being
put together and yet the after effect of
all this talk is that do you sense that
the American people are wrong to this
but this guy he's not only not cutting
deals but I mean he's talking really
nonsense when you start getting involved
in trade Wars and protectionist policies
there are winners and losers and they're
not just winners in your own country and
losers in other country it turns out as
we are discovering at the moment there
are also losers in your own country
because other countries retaliate
against your aggressive trade practices
and that's exactly why the White House
has had to step in with now what looks
like it's going to be a package that
costs a lot more to try to protect
American farmers and the question I
think for Donald Trump particularly when
it comes to China is how long can he
carry on the brinksmanship of ratcheting
up the trade war with China if it starts
to really hurt American farmers and and
how quickly can they bail those farmers
out and how much is it going to cost
them this is why for decades the mantra
of the Republican Party has been to try
to go for as many free trade deals as
possible because there are as you say
Mike there are knock-on effect and we
have seen this repeatedly with Trump not
just around the issue of trade most
notably perhaps around the issue of
North Korea where he says that a deal
has been done and then actually the
consequences seem to be a little bit
further down the road that things were
more complicated and the deal is not
necessarily all always cracked up to be
and potentially that deal is more
harmful than we were the status quo ante
before that nuga before that summit in
singapore even took place so I think the
idea of looking at what happens in this
White House with a little bit more
nuance and awareness of the complication
of policy because we have a president
likes to present things in a
black-and-white rather simplified way is
something that we should all learn to do
well and let's remember trade wars are
easy that's what Donald Trump said
and yet Gene Robinson let's look at the
politics of this because it doesn't just
happen in the vacuum of the United
States of America with Donald Trump's
meandering views on trade you've got a
radicalized electorate in Mexico with
the possibility of more anti-american
leaders coming in that will not strike
positive Dilts with the United States
and in Canada Donald Trump for good
reason is so unpopular after attacking
Canada non-stop but it's going to be
extraordinarily hard for Justin Trudeau
or any Canadian politician to say why
yes we're gonna go back in and reopen
NAFTA because Donald Trump wants to
change the name yeah he first of all
president from definitely tests the
limits of Canadian niceness because one
of the things he he does he didn't
mention the name of the Canadian Prime
Minister did yesterday but he he refers
to Prime Minister Trudeau as Justin all
the time to sort of diminish him that
doesn't go over well in Canada he wants
to he wants to get Canada signed up in
this week basically the you know any
trade deal is complicated to huge
economies but he wants to do it this
week because he wants to be the deadline
to to get it to Congress and start a
90-day clock ticking and get it all
signed before the new Mexican president
takes office Lopez Obrador who is well
to the left of the current president
Pena Nieto and and and may have very
different views may want different
things out of out of a free trade deal
one of the things that the current
Mexican president tried to insist on in
that phone call yesterday is that we
want Canada in this thing so
it is you know this is at best a proto
deal at this point it is as someone set
a framework and it was announced
prematurely and and in part I think but
to put the grab attention because likes
to be at the center of attention genes
point about politics happening in other
countries cannot be understated one of
the things about this framework of this
deal is that the rules of origin sort of
are ramped up already at sixty two point
five percent of products sold it and
they are able to this zero top regime in
NAFTA it's gonna go up to seventy five
percent of everything that's made in the
schema a product has to be made in NAFTA
countries in order to qualify for that
zero tariff thing if Canada is not in
this if we don't have Canadian steel
Canadian aluminum that's impossible the
revealed is functionally not applicable
and by the way the Senate has control or
rather the Congress has control of
American trade policy that the president
is Congress is representative the Senate
has the ability to weigh in on this on
some point and if the deal falls apart
it is incumbent on Congress to say up or
down whether this thing moves forward
and Congress should probably exercise
its prerogative at some point not all
right CNBC's Dominic - thank you very
much for being with us we appreciate
your insights and still ahead Rudy
Giuliani keeps on attacking Robert
Muller in an interview with the New York
Times but polling shows one of his
arguments just as inaccurate and my gosh
it seems that more and more Americans
are backing what Robert Muller's doing
and believing that the president is
lying we'll be right back with those
numbers when Morning Joe returns thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
