well and unfortunately the man that drew
so much attention yesterday and actually
only elevated John McCain's standing was
a man who as a Washington Post wrote
some time ago was a man who had five
deferments from Vietnam who said John
McCain wasn't a war hero and while while
John McCain was living there in those
horrid conditions being beaten up being
tortured
having bruises that would stay with him
the rest of his life Donald Trump was
living the high life in in Manhattan
once told Howard Stern that avoiding
STDs was his own Vietnam and that man
President Trump who said he wants an
elaborate multi-million dollar parade
down Pennsylvania Avenue to honor the
military he spent much of Monday
resisting all calls to simply lower the
White House flag in honor of prisoner of
war and public servant Senator John
McCain as 18 senior administration
officials independently paid tribute to
John McCain's heroism and sacrifice the
president refused to budge according to
the New York Times he ignored repeated
requests from vice president pence
repeated requests from chief of staff
John Kelly at three events in the
morning and early afternoon Trump
ignored requests for comments on the
former powa and war hero
- - bleep John McCain was a hero sir why
would you say gene I just the smallness
is of course it's of course unrivaled
first of all secondly the I don't know
what word to use stupidity I don't know
that you use stupidity against a man
that ran through a field of 16
Republicans and then beat Hillary
Clinton for president United States
derangement well too many words attached
to two deranged meant too many meanings
attached to derangement but Donald Trump
should have known what any other adult
in Donald Trump's position there would
have known which is by doing what he did
yesterday he did nothing but elevate
John McCain even what McCain was
laughing at the gates of st. Peter all
day yesterday or if he decided to take a
detour and raise little hell
he had a Lucifer like winking at him
going that's pretty good you really set
that sucker up I mean like Cain had
another day where we all get an
opportunity to look at the greatness of
his compare achter compared to this
clown who wouldn't even lower that the
flag had to have mass I think that maybe
the phrase you were looking for was
inadequacy as a human being I mean there
there there there are certain things
that
that you would see or and understand
that I might see and understand that
that he doesn't because of his enormous
and overwhelming this president crumb
because of his enormous and overwhelming
narcissism in that first clip when when
he was asked yesterday the way he sat
there with his arms crossed was it was
just you know you wouldn't you would
expect better really of a three-year-old
maybe not a two-year-old but a
three-year-old and and it's it's some
part of him stopped growing and about
two and a half the the sort of mimimi
part you know he's a he's added again
this this morning tweeting away in his
own defense I guess not on the McCain
matter but in general this is you know
John McCain whatever he thought of his
politics that you could disagree with
him it was it was impossible not to find
him
funny and entertaining and and just a
delight to talk to and be around and and
and also you know he had his clashes
with President Trump he saw who from was
but he did something about it he spoke
out right he spoke out with his vote and
at a particularly crucial juncture in
this country's recent history about the
Affordable Care Act and and any wonder
is any of that sort of bravery left in
the in the Republican Party you do
wonder and after yesterday it was again
where were the statements of support
Johnny Isakson certainly came out and
said it but the entire Republican Party
should have come out but again the point
is not that I am shocked by Donald
Trump's behavior in that it shows him to
be a cruel callous bully we've known
that for a very long time I'm shocked by
how self-defeating it seems almost every
action he takes is
how self-defeating how he's harming
himself how he's elevating his opponents
how he doesn't so often in a way that no
other adult forget president/ceo church
leader football coats you name it
so self-defeating so the president
reportedly finally gave in after a stern
public statement from the American
Legion the national commander said his
two million members would strongly urge
you to make an appropriate presidential
proclamation the White House soon
lowered the flag to half-staff and the
President signed a proclamation which
begins despite our differences on policy
and politics respect Senator John
McCain's service to our country it goes
on to ask the vice president to speak up
McCain's ceremony with top advisors
Kelly Madison Bolton to attend and at a
dinner with evangelical leaders last
night Trump read a brief appreciation
our hearts and prayers are going to the
family of Senator John McCain it would
be a lot of activity over the next
number of days and we very much
appreciate everything that Senator
McCain has done for our country so thank
you very much now I again why why does
it take the man 12 hours 14 while his
staff is begging him to do the decent
thing why did it take him so long what
why can't he get out of his own way
well if reporting is correct and as you
said the president is not stupid he
knows who his supporters are and where
his support comes from and when a
significant veterans group like the
American Legion put some pressure on you
a man who really believes that veterans
are on his side and who has veterans on
his side glads budged and that's good
but I do believe that the damage was
done a lot of what we saw yesterday was
described as petty it's really small but
I
think it's especially petty these two
men were representatives of very
significant fissures within the American
politics within the conservative politic
there were representatives of camps that
believe in combat over some really
fundamental issues issues like
comportment the power of persuasion
versus being churlish the nature of
American immigration policy whether
cultural and racial homogeneity is is
preferable to heterogeneity and perhaps
most significantly evolved the nature of
America's role in the world John Lincoln
was a very staunch advocate of an
America that was extroverted that had a
very significant responsibility on his
shoulders as the world's sole superpower
a very Reaganite vision that the
maintenance of world peace can fall only
on us alone Donald Trump is
representative of a very different
vision for American politics the fact
that this combat continues beyond the
grave is indicative of how powerful
these issues are in our resonant they
are in our politics so we shouldn't
dismiss this as petty it is part of a
very significant ongoing cultural battle
for the future of the Republican Party
and the Republic itself kETK no help for
alcohol the one second though I'm sorry
excuse me what but Noah you didn't bring
up abortion you didn't bring up many
ideological issues I would guess that
John McCain voted with the Republican
Party 90% of the time he voted for
Trump's tax cuts he yes he voted against
the four get rid getting rid of the
affordable care act but this was tribal
at best people hated John McCain people
that I knew hated in the Republican
Party hated and loathed John McCain
through the years because he had
friendships with Democrats because he
said nice things about Joe Biden because
he didn't call Barack Obama a Muslim in
a disparaging way I mean this seems to
me if this is truly a fissure in the
Republican Party it's a fissure that
takes the party down because again the
word you use that seems most appropriate
here is churlish they hated McCain for
not being churlish for not being
mall for not being the type of person
who would mock and ridicule a man when
he was dying of cancer yeah and
Democrats might dismiss this but within
the conservative firmament there is a
debate over whether civility is a
shackle imposed on Republicans and
Republicans alone that hinders their
ability to appeal to a broader
demographic it's a real debate it's when
I fall in the john mccain camp with but
there are others who say that civility
is imposed on Republicans alone and it
is designed to keep them from making
broader appeals aggressive appeals to
not only their base but to independent
voters should want to see a fight that
is the camp that Donald Trump represents
and for conservatives Donald Trump's
very presidency is representative of how
the civility has hindered Republicans
abilities to win national office again I
don't agree with this but this is a real
debate in the Republican Party and to
dismiss it entirely is to cede the field
I think to Donald Trump's camp we do
need to engage in it on terms that are
sympathetic to them so that their
arguments can be dismissed policy issues
I mean I disagree with John McCain on
policy issues for example his his appeal
to his his fixation on money in politics
I think was wrong headed and the
campaign finance law was deemed
unconstitutional I believe that that is
not a philosophical issue it's a policy
issue big philosophical debates are what
we're talking about here and that's what
we should focus on well and but but Mike
we're also talking about basic human
decency I disagree I disagreed with John
McCain on many things I I think it was
Patrick Ruffini who said I I did not
support McCain in two presidential
elections because he was not
ideologically conservative enough for me
that's how I felt during the primary
process I was more conservative than
John McCain and didn't vote for him and
two primary processes that he ran in but
at the at the same time he's a he was an
American Hero and at some point we put
down our swords at some point
it's Patrick Ruffini said in praising
John McCain he said oh he said something
along the lines of Oh Oh for the luxury
of assuming that a leader would be a
good character and and if being able to
focus on ideology but is Ruffini was
suggesting we've gotten to a point now
where you can't make the assumption that
the people were voting for are good and
decent people and and that is just
something is terribly lost well Joe the
interesting at least to me the truly
interesting aspect of the discussion
that you and Noah just having is it's
about inter-party splits intra-party
ideology and ideology splits and
differences between both parties and yet
when you take what happened with the
presidents with mr. Trump's treatment of
John McCain's death and the whole thing
about lowering the flag to half-staff
that separates itself from what we were
just talking about that's that's caddy I
would submit that that's sort of a
national thing that's beyond politics I
don't know about you but I think a huge
number of Americans know what it's like
to go to a wake to stand in line and pay
their respects to the deceased and
that's not politics and I don't know how
it's been inevitably someone will take a
poll about to see whether people reacted
to what the what mr. Trump has done over
the past few days with regard to mr.
McCain but I think this is an element
that is beyond politics that I resonate
'some Ungh people yeah and Noah invokes
the idea of civility and how
conservatives feel that they have been
shackled by civility and I guess that's
where we get into this discussion of
political correctness and conservatives
feeling that political correctness means
that they can't really speak their minds
but I think it is there is something as
you suggest Mike common in the human
experience in the way that we face death
and and you can overcome differences and
show your hue
Manatee and rise to the occasion and put
differences aside you at critical
moments and that's what it means to be
an adult
adults have that ability to think I have
huge differences with this person but in
this particular moment that's not what
matters and actually just think of the
rivalry between John McCain and Barack
Obama they had huge differences of
policy between them on the role of
government the size of government on the
issue of war and American military
intervention around the world
the two men were philosophically and
politically very divided but John McCain
found the moment at the Smith dinner
just before the election just before he
lost to Barack Obama to rise to the
occasion and pay tribute to Barack Obama
as a man you can overcome policy
differences and be an adult and be civil
I don't think that that means that you
are being shackled by the constraints of
political correctness this isn't about
politics and policy it's about humanity
well and also Heidi what a joke for
Republicans to suggest that they've been
forced to play by Marquis of Queensberry
rules for the past 40 years but it's
just the big bad Democrats who've played
tough I'm sure John McCain's family
looking back to how he was treated in
the 2000 primary would would think
differently I mean the party of you know
you can just you can just go back and
look at what's happened in South
Carolina politics it seems year and year
out in Republican primaries the
Republicans have not been shackled by
being too kind and being too civil in
fact it's quite the opposite and if you
talk to Democrats they will tell you
that they're the ones who unfortunately
play that play to politely I mean it's
it's just it's nonsense from both sides
ask Mike Dukakis how civil and kind they
were with the Willie Horton ad or ask
John McCain how civil our kind it was to
make up a story about one of his adopted
children being an illegitimate
out-of-wedlock
that really hurt him in South Carolina
so I think we could have a long
discussion about that but I wanted to go
about to the back to the previous point
which is that Donald Trump's problems
with McCain are not ideological because
Donald Trump is not ideological they
were personal and to Katie's point yes
this does speak to the basic ability of
a grown adult human being to be able to
put aside those feelings those personal
feelings of what Governor Cuomo called
effectively just jealousy of Senator
McCain and to rise to the occasion and
understand that that flag that flies
above the White House is not his flag
and in fact that house is not his house
it's the people's house and to not be
able to see through that and understand
that he represents something greater and
that this is not about his personal
vendetta and fight with Senator McCain
is something that will be remembered
even though ultimately he was forced to
lower the flag again the that is the
imagery Joe that will be replayed
whenever Donald Trump decides to return
to his narrative about Democrats or
whoever his his enemy is disrespecting
veterans this was an act of great
disrespect to a war hero not just a
veteran but a national treasure and war
hero and again the smallness was
self-defeating it did not hurt John
McCain in fact it only elevated his
status and made all of America realize
just what we lost still ahead on Morning
Joe we're gonna be breaking down the
proposed revisions to NAFTA which the
president announced in a translated
conference call with the President of
Mexico or is MSNBC's Ali Velshi put it
when the call was over we had
simultaneous translation from the
Spanish to English for the Mexican
president unfortunately we didn't have
simultaneous translation for the English
to English because the president made
not a whole lot of sense there thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on
any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
