we're also in our usual groove of
expecting more breaking and developing
news over the course of the evening
that's in part because of a big story
that was broken late tonight by The Wall
Street Journal and this story here's the
headline this story that The Wall Street
Journal has broken tonight is something
that all the legal experts are now
telling us we should have probably
expected maybe that's true maybe we all
just should have guessed that this was
coming or that this had been happening
behind the scenes but it doesn't feel
like it for those of us who've been
watching this presidency of late and
have been watching the scandal that
envelops this presidency more and more
on a daily basis this news tonight
broken by The Wall Street Journal it
does feel like a surprise you see that
see the headline there goes right to the
heart of the matter manna fort sought
deal in next trial that means Trump
campaign chair Paul Manafort sought a
deal with robert muller with the
prosecutors at the special counsel's
office who are about to bring him who
are about to put him on trial for
another round of felony charges in
federal court but quote talks broke down
to understand why at least to the non
lawyers among us this is such a jarring
headline tonight you just just stand
back for a second and look at the big
picture in terms of the legal trouble
and the legal investigations that are
circling this president and his family
and his business and his charity in his
campaign right now right the biggest
news of the past week was of course the
president's longtime lawyer pleading
guilty on eight federal felony charges
in his plea out loud in court and in the
criminal information that was filed by
prosecutors in conjunction with his
guilty plea Trump lawyer Michael Cohen
not only admitted himself to committing
eight felonies he implicated the
president himself in two of those
felonies saying the president had
directed him to commit those crimes
Cohen's plea deal also implicated the
president's business the Trump
organization including two specified
employees executive one an executive two
at the president's business Cohen also
implicated another business called
American media which is the publisher of
the National Enquirer tabloid among
other public at public ations Cohen's
plea also in
located people from the president's
campaign Cohen's court appearance last
week and documents prosecutors filed in
conjunction with that plea
therefore appeared to be a sort of
roadmap indicating other potential
indictments in the future or at least
pointing to other co-conspirators in
these felonies to which Michael Kahn
pled guilty right which related to him
using illicit payments to illegally
influence the presidential election now
are there gonna be further prosecution's
of the people who are implicated in
Cohen's plea deal we don't know will
these allegations of other conspirators
participating with him in his crimes
will that lead to further investigation
which may lead to other criminal cases
we don't know but late last week we did
get word that the district attorney in
New York is quote considering pursuing
criminal charges against the Trump
Organization which is the president's
business and two senior company
officials in connection with the
criminal acts to which Cohen pled pled
in federal court last week the news also
simultaneously broke that the New York
State Attorney General has already
sought a criminal referral under state
law for New York state tax charges in
addition to the federal tax charges that
Michael Cohen has already pled to that
same New York State Attorney General has
already brought a lawsuit against the
Trump foundation the president's charity
the the president's foundation the
President himself and the president's
three eldest children Don jr. Eric and
Ivanka are all named as defendants in
that case from New York State New York
State Attorney General Barbara Underwood
has already referred that case against
the Trump foundation to the Public
Integrity Division at the US Justice
Department to the Federal Election
Commission and to the IRS for possible
federal prosecution
federal prosecutors also recently
brought a huge civil tax case against
Ivanka Trump's business partner from
what used to be her luxury jewelry brand
Trump Organization executive Alan
weiselberger appears to have worked with
prosecutors in the federal case that
relates to Michael Cohen and on that New
York State case
relates to the Trump foundation reports
of Alan weiselberger cooperation and
possible immunity deal with prosecutors
at this point those reports are
intriguing they're a little bit hard to
sort out it's fair I think to say that
we don't yet know how much Trump
Organization executive Alan weiselberger
might be talking to prosecutors how much
he's cooperating whether his immunity
deal with them frees him up to talk with
prosecutors without fear of being
prosecuted himself just specifically
about stuff related to Michael Cohen or
whether weiselberger deal also gives him
immunity from prosecution on other
things related to the president's
business interests but I mean like that
that's all happening simultaneously
right now right all of those things all
at once that's not even getting into
like the emoluments cases which could
result in the production of Trump's tax
returns and all of his business records
and I mean I mean if the if the
president and his family his business
interest his campaign have anything to
worry about in terms of past criminal
behavior particularly when it comes to
financial crimes right potential
campaign finance violations tax fraud
illicit interactions with Russia that
relate ultimately to Russia's
interference in the election to benefit
Trump if they've got anything to worry
about in any of those fronts you might
imagine that all of these related
ongoing investigations might start to
feel a little constraining to the
president right they might start to seem
a little worried there's no shortage of
legal jeopardy right now for the
president for his family for the people
and entities that are important to him
and honestly I mean I don't say that
lightly it is it is hard to know where
the limits of legal jeopardy here might
be not just for the president and his
family for the entities that are closest
to him and I just would single out one
line here because I don't think this has
had a lot of attention but it sort of
stuck with me over the weekend and the
more I talked to people about it the
more especially more I talked to people
that sort of in the legal system about
it the more this sticks out for me there
is literally a line in the michael cohen
plea agreement from last week where
federal prosecutors spell out that
michael cohen pleading guilty in federal
court last week means that federal
prosecutors are
to not further prosecute him for the
crimes that he admitted to in court last
week but prosecutors explicitly spell
out in the plea agreement with him but
they are reserving the right to cite
those same felonies as predicate crimes
in case they ever want to bring a RICO
case in the future on this matter
Rico 18 US Code section 1961 right
that's racketeering
that's Rico as in organized crime
federal prosecutors are reserving the
right to charge something here as an
organized criminal entity under the RICO
statutes and that relates to Michael
Cohen what I that alone is probably
enough to light a little bit of a fire
under anybody who believes they might
personally end up in the crosshairs of
one or more of these are now now ongoing
investigations but amid all of these
different cases and all of these
different potential avenues for legal
jeopardy for the president and his
family and his business and even his
charity even amid all of that the Paul
Manafort case really does stand out it
really does stand alone right Michael
Flynn the president's national security
adviser pled guilty
Rick gates president's deputy campaign
chair organizer of Trump's inauguration
he's pled guilty George papadopolis
campaign foreign policy adviser has pled
guilty even freaking Alex vanderzwaan a
random foreign lawyer pled guilty right
Paul Manafort has not pled guilty he
stands alone here and things are now
happening to him fast of course the same
day Michael Cohen pled guilty in federal
court almost exactly simultaneously -
Michael Cohen standing up and pleading
guilty to those eight felonies Paul
Manafort was convicted of eight felonies
by a jury in the Eastern District of
Virginia the day after tomorrow
Wednesday of this week the prosecutors
who convicted Manafort on those eight
felonies they're gonna have to tell the
court whether they are going to bring
manna for it back to court to retry him
on the ten felony charges for which the
jury was not able to reach a verdict
remember it was eight felonies
conviction eight felonies hung jury
couldn't come to consensus the
foreperson of the jury went
of his or her way to make it publicly
known on the verdict sheet that on those
10 charges where they couldn't come to a
verdict 11 of the 12 jurors wanted to
convict man afford on all of them only
one holdout for the 10 charges on which
they didn't get built guilty verdicts
prosecutors know that and they have the
right to put Paul Manafort on trial
again for the 10 charges where they got
a mistrial where they were just one
juror away from a conviction we're gonna
find out the day after tomorrow whether
they are going to try manna for it again
on those 10 charges at the same time
prosecutors in the special counsels
office are considering that they are
also steaming toward the start of the
next federal felony trial for Manta Ford
it's interesting just a few days ago the
federal court in DC that's about to
start the second trial for Manta for it
they unsealed some of the earlier
proceedings that we the public hadn't
previously had access to in Manta Ford's
DC case that let us see for the first
time that even the judge who's
overseeing the next Paul Manafort trial
the one in DC that judge appears to be
mystified by the fact that Manta fort
didn't consent to all the charges
against him just being consolidated in
one jurisdiction so he could just go on
trial once the reason Paul Manafort the
Trump's the the Trump campaign chair the
reason he had a trial that ended last
week and he's now about to have a new
trial that's starting within the next
few weeks is simply because he decided
he wanted two trials the government gave
him the choice to consolidate them and
only go on trial once he chose to go on
trial twice in these two neighboring
jurisdictions why did he make that
choice we don't know and neither does
the judge in his case this is from the
newly unsealed court transcript in Manta
Forte's case from February 14th in
Washington DC this is the judge and
Manta for DC case talking to Manta
fort's defense lawyers and before this
was just unsealed this had been a sealed
proceeding at the bench now we know what
happened
the judge says in this newly unsealed
discussion quote I understand you're
hamstrung is there any change
mr. manna forts point of view about the
Eastern District versus the District of
Columbia I think the only thing I can
imagine that's more unusual than the
government offering you that choice is
the choice you're making but is there
any further discussion about that manna
forts defense lawyer mr. downing says no
and then the judge says okay all right
the judge is saying are you sure you
want your client to go on trial twice
you want to federal felony trials the
judge is saying to the defense lawyers
listen prosecutors never give anybody
the option to drop one of their trials
they're giving you the option to drop
one of the trials to just go on trial
once you sure you're not willing to take
them up on it its defense lawyers like
yep Your Honor we're sticking with the
plan two trials it's just like okay it's
your funeral here we go and so this
second trial is about to start and it's
weird and it's gonna happen before this
judge who finds it remarkable in the
judges where it's unusual that manna
fort has decided to have a second trial
incidentally this judge is going to be
presiding in the DC trial is the same
judge who ordered paula manna fort held
in jail instead of on house arrest
because of allegations that he was
tampering with witnesses and in his case
while he was out on bail so this next
case for manna fort is not promising for
a lot of reasons but it's also going to
be significantly different from the case
in Virginia where he just got convicted
on a felonies we know that in part from
the list of more than 1,500 pieces of
evidence that the prosecution has now
filed for the DC case against Manta Ford
now one of the things that's different
about this next case for Manta fort
compared to the last one is that at
least some of the evidence in this case
that they're going to be citing is
apparently in Russian look at least the
subject lines of all of these emails
that appear in the prosecution's
evidence list are written in Cyrillic
there's also this is also the trial
where manna for it has a co-defendant on
some of the charges his co-defendant is
Constantine Callum Nick longtime
business associate of manna forts who
was Russian who the special counsels
office has said
in open court is believed to be
associated with Russian intelligence
columbic is also believed to be hiding
in Russia right now rather than face
these charges alongside Paul Manafort in
addition to being listed as mana Ford's
co-defendant in the DC case Kalume Nick
also appears here we believe in the
evidence list evidence item number 11 94
KK we believe is the nickname for
Constantine Kalume Nick and that's the
way mana fort referred to him in his
consulting business in the evidence list
against Manta fort for the DC trial
there are also these couple of
references so we believe maybe to a
Russian oligarch who's known to be very
close to Vladimir Putin and who's known
to have had extensive business dealings
with Manta for his name is Oleg
Deripaska he appears in at least we
think this is a references to him and
these emails that are described in the
evidence list that prosecutors have
submitted we're gonna have more on
Deripaska zroll in the next mana fort
trial coming up in just a moment tonight
but you know this this next Manta for
trial was always going to be a difficult
prospect for him right you don't have
the wind at your back when you're coming
off eight convictions eight felony
federal convictions right before you
start a new trial and seven more federal
felony counts in terms of the
president's legal jeopardy though this
second man affort trial has got a lot of
Russian stuff in it it's a lot closer to
the original concerns related to Russia
that started the special counsels
investigation in the first place after
initial reports last week stoked in part
by the President himself that he might
be considering a pardon for Paul
Manafort following his conviction in
Virginia tonight Gabriel Sherman reports
at Vanity Fair calm that the president
is so committed to the idea of pardoning
Paul Manafort now that he's willing to
do it even over the objections of his
White House Counsel Don Magan quote
Trump has told people he's considering
bringing in a new lawyer to draft a
manna fort pardon
if McGann won't do it well in that
context tonight Wall Street Journal
breaks the news that Manta Ford was
trying to do a deal Manta for the guy
who would not flip mana fort the guy
who's going all the way to trial not
once but twice
the one guy implicated in the Trump
Russia scandal who
absolutely would not do a deal with
prosecutors and was praised by the
president for that mana for it has
apparently been trying to do a deal with
prosecutors according to a Runa
Viswanatha at the Wall Street Journal
tonight
mana forts defense team started
conversations with molars prosecutors
about a potential plea deal while the
Virginia jury was deliberating over
manna forts fate in his first trial
quote Paul manna forts defense team held
talks with prosecutors to resolve a
second set of charges against the former
Trump campaign chair the plea
discussions occurred as a Virginia jury
was spending four days deliberating tax
and bank fraud charges against mana for
the talks between mana forts defense
team and prosecutors in the special
counsel's office were aimed at for
stalling a second related trial for mana
fort which is scheduled to begin on
September 17th but the journal also
reports that although Paul Manafort and
his defense team started those talks
with the prosecutors in the special
counsel's office the talks did not
result ultimately in a deal and this is
where it gets very intriguing quote the
plea talks on the second set of charges
stalled over issues raised by special
counsel Robert Muller what issues quote
it isn't clear what those issues were
and the proposed terms of the would-be
plea deal could not immediately be
determined as the president openly Mol's
the prospect of pardoning Paul Manafort
to try to get himself out of this corner
of this giant legal mess he's now in
this new reporting at the Wall Street
Journal tonight does this mean that Paul
Manafort was offering to cooperate with
prosecutors for the first time ever
could this mean that he wasn't offering
to cooperate but his defense team was
nevertheless trying to make his second
trial go away if they weren't operating
if they weren't offering his cooperation
in exchange for making those those
charges go away what else would they
have to offer there's ways to figure out
the answers to these questions we're
gonna take our best shot at it next stay
with us
hey they're armed cruisers from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
