Donald Trump has spent most of his time
and energy railing against special
counsel robert muller in his rush russia
investigation but the greatest legal
threat to trump's presidency could
actually come from the Southern District
of New York that's where Trump's
longtime lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen
pleaded guilty to violating campaign
finance laws and implicated Donald Trump
himself in those crimes it's also where
prosecutors granted immunity to this man
Alan weiselberger the chief financial
officer for the Trump Organization who
quote knows where the financial bodies
are buried
also granting immunity in the case are
two of trumps associates from a media
company that owns the tabloid the
National Enquirer former prosecutors
tell the Atlantic that the Southern
District is building its case like it
would build a case of organized crime
quote this is a classic move in
investigations of a criminal
organization said Patrick Cotter a
former federal prosecutor who was part
of the team that convicted the Gambino
family boss John Gotti they're moving up
the ladder peripheral characters are
given immunity witnesses testify but
they're ultimately keeping their eye on
the prize the prize the Washington Post
reports the Trump's wall of secrecy the
work of a lifetime is starting to crack
in coming months certain cases could
force Trump's company to open its books
about foreign government customers or
compel the president to testify about
his relationships with women
Trump Legal defender Alan Dershowitz
warned the president and his legal team
that the mulher investigation should not
be their priority perhaps the special
counsel is the least of the threats the
president faces right now right you've
got the Southern District you've got the
New York Attorney General you've got the
Manhattan district attorney where is the
greatest threat well I've said that
right from the beginning because I think
he has constitutional defenses to the
investigation being conducted by Muller
but there are no constitutional defense
as to what the Southern District is
investigating so I think the southern
district is the is the is the greatest
threat joining us now is Natasha
Bertrand the star for a staff writer at
the Atlantic I'm sorry having trouble
speaking tonight at the Atlantic
covering national security and the
intelligence community she wrote the
article about
the Southern District she's also an
MSNBC contributor Mimi Roca is back with
us welcome to both the you Natasha what
did that what did what did Dershowitz
mean when he said the president has
constitutional defenses against the
Muller investigation but not against the
Southern District of New York well I
think you put me in the uncomfortable
position of agreeing with Alan
Dershowitz on something alley yeah so I
think that the point he was trying to
make is that the president could order
rod Rosenstein essentially to fire Bob
Muller at any point of course Rosen
Stein could refuse to do that and there
are certain there are you know limits to
their there are issues related to the
president's executive authority that
that could hinder the Moller
investigation in a way that the Southern
District of New York may not be affected
by so for example if Bob Muller was was
fired his work would potentially
continue but for example but you can't
really end the investigations that are
being carried out by prosecutors in the
Southern District of New York by by
firing one person I mean this is
something that's out of the president's
control really and I think that's why
he's so terrified at the moment if you
speak to people close to him and people
around the administration they say that
he's really feel he feels like he's
being backed into a corner and it's also
because he knows that this is getting
into the heart of his finances the heart
of the Trump Organization of course
which he warning fuller not to get
involved in but the southern district
has no warning from the president and he
needs to heed no warning from the
president right and it's also important
to remember that the president really
has never had to face consequences for
anything and so this is kind of the
system striking back in a way that I
don't think he expected it to now of
course I don't think that that means
that the Moller investigation poses no
threat to the president of course he is
he is investigating whether the
president obstructed justice was which
is a serious danger and of course we
also don't know what Muller has in terms
of a potential conspiracy between the
Trump campaign and Russia you know why
has Michael Flynn's sentencing been
delayed so much what do we know about
Roger stone and WikiLeaks so these are
questions that will need to be answered
but right now the more
immediate threat is being posed by the
southern it would be overstating it to
say that the Muller investigation is not
a threat to the president but meaning
you are formerly of the Southern
District of New York I think for a lot
of us again who aren't lawyers we're not
clear on the distinction but it does
seem from what Natasha is saying that
the Southern District doesn't have to
run scared of anything Donald Trump can
do the only thing you can do is pardon
somebody that gets a conviction from the
Southern District that's generally true
US Attorneys offices in general run
their investigations independently
certainly of the president but also even
independently of the Attorney General of
the Department of Justice there are
certain things that US Attorneys offices
like the Southern District need to go to
what we call Maine justice right the
Attorney General and and and offices
within the Department of Justice in
Washington to get permission for certain
kinds of charges tax charges now if you
recall it Michael Cohen's plea there was
I believe a tax agent an agent from the
IRS at his plea which means that they're
already involved so that permission you
know has already been sought because we
know that Michael Cohen pled guilty to
tax charges so you know I think the
point is that there it would be so
unusual for Trump in some way to impose
limits on the Southern District
investigation and the Southern District
is not just any US Attorney's operate it
is as I think Natasha mentioned in her
article sort of sometimes you know
derisive Lee called the sovereign
district of New York but it's for a
reason and it's because the southern
direction that Southern District has
always really maintained its
independence even more than other
offices and that's going to come in
handy here in in this investigation as
it grows and by the way there's also the
New York Attorney General the meditract
a minute and District Attorney who are
yet farther removed from influences that
Donald Trump can have over them right I
mean they have absolutely he has no
power over them you know other than I
guess political influence but not
official right exactly all right good
discussion Natacha I do want to ask you
about this business about where there
could be liability for
Donald Trump's kids when it comes to
these other investigations of course
well Trump's three children Ivanka
Donald Trump jr. and Eric Trump they
were all executive vice presidents at
the Trump Organization so if there any
if there was any wrongdoing in terms of
the financial dealings and in the Trump
organizations history then that could
open them up to some legal exposure but
of course what the New York Attorney
General is investigating regarding the
Trump foundation that could be even more
problematic for Trump's kids because
absolutely as we've seen there is
evidence that they used campaign that
they use their charity to to fund
certain aspects of the Trump campaign
all right thanks to both you Mimi Roca
and Natasha Bertrand thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
