to be honest with you I wouldn't see
naps I wouldn't mind saying NAFTA where
you go by a different name will you make
a separate deal with Canada and a
separate deal with Mexico because you're
talking about a very different to
conscious alright here to help me
explain what is in this new preliminary
agreement remember that's what I'm
calling it as Austan Goolsbee
former chairman of the Council of
Economic Advisers for President Obama
currently a professor of economics at
the University of Chicago Austin the
president this morning indicated he's
getting rid of NAFTA Canada's not in
this deal this is the us-mexico trade
agreement and then he got the Mexican
President on the phone who kept talking
about NAFTA and kept talking about
Canada and really looking forward to
having Canada in this whole thing so
they don't seem to be on the same
understanding about what this thing is
they've agreed to yeah yeah I couldn't
tell that that it's really much of
anything I mean as you as you know Ally
what I usually say is every day we don't
have a trade war is a good day for the
economy and today we didn't have a
Donald Trump wants to do a small
meaningless adjustment to one sector
within NAFTA and first talk to Mexico
that's fine if that keeps him from
ranting and raving and starting a trade
war then we should all clap politely and
say oh good job mr. president and just
move on to the next right the stock
market responded well because I think
they haven't seen since February when
all those nonsense started that oh okay
maybe there are things that this
president can do that aren't trade war
ish the deal doesn't look bad but as you
said it deals with basically one sector
the auto sector and it's it's a it's a
small bit of what Trump said he would
get if he negotiated with one country as
opposed to negotiating with Canada and
Mexico so it's it's not good I mean it's
just a couple of little crumbs and but
just to put in context both Canada and
Mexico agreed to far more expansive
things that were in the u.s. is favored
to become part of the trans-pacific
partnership if they had signed the
trans-pacific partnership they would
have made much more significant
concessions than this only in the auto
sector thing that that they're talking
about right now
what do you make of the few concessions
that are in there for instance the idea
that 40 to 45 percent of the the parts
that are going to be made to make at a
North American car have to be at a
minimum
does that mean Mexicans will earn more
or does that mean more plants will stay
in America well I mean a let's let's set
aside the whole thing of this still
needs to be negotiated the details and
then still needs to be voted on that's
right why would that happen in Mexico in
America and if Canada is involved by
Canada you know what we've seen with
kind of international agreements of this
form where you try to put in very
specific one sector deals like that is
accounting gimmickry so I would I would
not be surprised at all if in a way they
called it raising the wages in Mexico in
a different way they split the firm into
two and they say oh no this firms paying
$16 an hour to the two managers it was
that other firm that's paying less I
think the the original NAFTA lowered
tariffs on thousands of products I mean
affected homies you mean the nation√≠s
that's the worst deal that was ever
negotiated what he said is the worst
deal I got the sense that maybe the
stall on the phone was the Mexican
president kind of calling his friends
and saying whoa you mean at the end of
the day Donald Trump was willing to sign
a deal asking us to do almost nothing
he's trying to take it as fast as
possible like a look let's just sign it
and move on to the next thing
yeah it does seem that this this is not
as big a thing as the president wanted
to wanted people to thinking that it
doesn't actually do away with NAFTA
Austin good to talk to you as always
thank you I will see ya thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
