big news tonight is palled mana for
considering a plea with Bob Miller
because he is a convicted criminal the
larger context though is Donald Trump's
Republican Party the federal
investigations cloning closing in Donald
Trump's own lawyer pleading guilty last
week to a campaign crime and the real
threat that the Republicans could lose
control over Congress something we were
just discussing on this show well my
next guest is a longtime Republican
strategist and speech writer he served
in three different GOP administrations
and he has a blistering new essay in the
New York Times calling the quote full
spectrum corruption of Donald Trump a
problem for our nation saying quote
everything he touches rots and this is
not the first time that Peter Weiner has
had these strong warnings about Donald
Trump it was three years ago back when
people were making up their minds before
the election that he wrote that Trump
would quote redefine the Republican
Party in His image and he warned that
meant a potential moral decay today
Weiner wonders if it may even be too
late for this party saying it his quote
thrown their maggots over the Trump wall
referring to diehard Trump supporters
and asking quote if this tax cut and
regulate deregulation and court
appointments are worth all of this I'm
joined now by Peter Weiner he's a senior
fellow at the ethics and Public Policy
Center thank you for being here are you
occupy a position that is difficult if
any of us imagine confronting something
that we care about or groups we've
worked with for decades that's never
easy you did it back when it mattered
before the election and you continue to
ring this ring this alarm today over the
weekend what made you write this piece
in such strong terms this weekend and
what are we learning about Trump's
impact on many people in the GOP you
have the reason I did it this week and
as I had a sense that the corruptions
and scandals of Donald Trump are
metastasizing and also that the
Republican Party is becoming more
servile more complicit and more
compliant this has been as you indicated
a argument that I've been making for a
long time my first piece in The New York
Times which is a month after Trump
announced so I was very worried about
him and I thought that he would read
find the Republican Party that wasn't my
chief worry about him my chief worry was
that he would hurt the nation which i
think he's doing but I think that he is
leaving a crimson stain on the
Republican Party and the worse he gets
the worse they get and right now I think
it is it's not just that Donald Trump is
corrupt but that he's corrupted an
entire political party virtually well
that's so important what you say there
and what you've written because it's
bigger than the T word which has become
an obsession for the people who support
them and those who are concerned about
him or even a sort of hate watch some of
what's happening in the country the
larger concern is the Paul Ryan's the
Mitch McConnell's the other people whose
names we may not know who are going
along with things that they literally
initially ran for office claiming to be
against you write about a Republican
Party that used to put what you call
ethics morality and leadership as part
of the character of people that should
be in office under the nomination of the
Republican Party
walk us through why that concerns you as
well well there's just the rank
hypocrisy of it you know Republicans
have long believed that or argued at
least and said that they believed that
that character mattered in in leadership
not not just in fidelity the character
in the deeper and broader sense people
who had a sense of honor and decency and
integrity they told the truth that
believed that there were higher things
and higher callings in life if you go
back and you listen and your network is
done a great job of doing this to
Republicans during the Clinton Lewinsky
scandal they one after another just
blistered Clinton because they said that
he was a person who lives integrity then
to flip it around like that and to say
well you know we were just kidding it
really doesn't matter when you get a
person like Donald Trump who is the most
corrupt person I think who's ever been
elected president in terms of the range
and and and and the and the full
spectrum corruptions of his life
personal and private and all of the rest
and then you not only don't challenge
him but you defend you right and then
you come in yeah and then you become an
institutional anarchist sort of Neil
lists attacking anybody that is going to
hold them accountable that's just really
bad and
one of the things that does there are a
lot of bad things from it but one of the
things is that it makes people cynical
makes people cynical about politics and
about life and that's just not right let
me play for you a contrast to that one
that has been ricocheting across the
weekend with the passing of John McCain
right take a look I am sure that Senator
Clinton would make a good president I
can't trust Obama he's an Arab no ma'am
no ma'am
he said he's a he's a decent family man
citizen that I just happened to have
disagreements with serve the people who
elected us stop listening to the
bombastic loudmouths on the radio and
television and the internet to hell with
them the highest income level found a
doctor that would say that they had a
bone spur that is wrong in closing to
our discussion your reflection on the
passing of John McCain it's a huge loss
he was a heroic figure he was courageous
obviously when he was at war and and at
the a prisoner war but he was heroic in
politics too he was in perfect man he
said that as well we all are but he was
a person that was involved in politics
and his entire life because he believed
in higher and better things and he
strove toward those things and just
because people fall short of that you
can't give up on that enterprise and he
never did and he is such a stark
contrast to the person in the White
House now who is as best I can tell a
person that has absolutely no interest
in honor and an integrity and so at a
very moment that we really need people
like John McCain he's now gone from the
scene and he will be sorely missed
Peter Waner I thank you for your clarity
I thank you for joining us and sharing
your thoughts tonight I appreciate it
thanks hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
