two months before the November midterm
elections conspiracy theorists are back
at their keyboards banging out wild
accusations that are putting some
candidates and some store owners on edge
we get the story this afternoon from
NBC's Jolene Kent Andrew Richmond never
fought his ice cream chain sweet Jesus
would be a target some of the
allegations that were put across were we
were part of the Illuminati
I'm child cannibalism pedophilia it's
ice cream at the end of the day and it's
good ice cream it all started back in
January
when the sweet Jesus shop in Baltimore
started receiving strange messages on
their social media pages accusing the
owners of running child sex trafficking
rings they received threatening phone
calls and online conspiracy theorists
flooded their instagram and facebook
pages with accusations and terrifying
comments really disheartening that you
know people come up with stuff like this
across the country in Portland Oregon
voodoo donuts is going through something
eerily similar the manager of this
location tells NBC News off-camera that
they're getting more calls from
conspiracy theorists than customers
ordering donuts on Yelp commenters are
accusing the owners of child trafficking
I don't know what kind of person
believes in that stuff but if you do I
mean the false allegation started from
Internet users who call themselves
Patriot researchers on Twitter Facebook
and discord a chat program with private
groups they rail against politicians
celebrities and businesses they falsely
claim harm children they also gain
traction on big-league politics a
far-right media outlet that pushes
conspiracy theories run by a former
Breitbart reporter Republicans like
Senator Ted Cruz Representative Devin
Nunez and House Majority Whip Steve
Scalise have all used big league to
fundraise after NBC News informed them
of conspiracies promoted on the site
Cruz and Scalise said they'd sever the
relationship and return any money raised
Nunez didn't respond
NBC News as Brandis a draws knee broke
the story I found that there are
hundreds thousands of people
congregating in some of the darkest
corners of the Internet alleging things
against local businesses that they're
involved in these terrible rings of
pedophilia and that online chatter is
having some real consequence in the real
world the threats against voodoo
doughnut appear to have grown out of a
now removed YouTube video that made
baseless allegations against the donut
chain now stirring up real-world fear
and when I talked to a manager at voodoo
she expressed concern and said that she
had met with her other managers and
talked about what would we do if someone
came in with a gun so that I I don't
know what what resources they are
expending but I'm sure that it's in
their mind and I know that they have
police presence sort of around and are
thinking about this issue in a statement
Portland police tells NBC News based on
what we've seen there is no information
to suggest that any of the allegations
against voodoo are credible back at
sweet Jesus ice-cream the co-founder is
focused on safety really worrying about
the frontline people in the shops I mean
I'm in the shop sometimes and talked
about lockdown procedures we also talked
about staff training on how to deal not
talked about we did staff training on
how to deal with hostile customers phone
calls anything that they'd get
confronted with Portland Police is also
telling us here at NBC News that they've
received an enormous number
phone calls and emails asking from
conspiracy theorists why the police are
not investigating these small businesses
further and the threats continue in real
life jumping off of online to the
offline world in fact just last week
there was a threat written by a
commenter saying it's time for a road
trip
lol Craig that's bizarre the whole thing
is just so bizarre Jolene Kent there in
Los Angeles the spicy bazaars you would
think a place like sweet Jesus ice-cream
yeah you'd think they'd get a pass hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
