we lady this morning with the story of
Senator John McCain a man of honor of
service of great wit told best perhaps
by John McCain himself the world is a
fine place and worth of fighting for and
I hate very much to leave it spoke my
hero Robert Jordan and from the Bell
Tolls and I do too I hate to leave it
but I don't have a complaint not one I
made a small place for myself in the
story of America and the history of my
times I leave behind a loving wife who
is devoted to protecting the world's
most vulnerable and seven great kids who
grew up to be fine men and women I wish
I'd spent more time in their company but
I know they will go on to make their
time count their love for me in mine for
them is the last strength I have I hope
those who mourn my passing and even
those who don't will celebrate as I
celebrate a happy life lived an
imperfect service to a country made of
ideals whose continued success is the
hope of the world and I wish all of you
great adventures good company and lives
as lucky as mine hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
