even though the President and John Kerry
believe this is not east-west that this
is not the Cold War that's exactly what
Putin has treated it as and why there's
been a fundamental misreading of
Vladimir Putin his intentions and the
things that he will do didn't we pay
attention when Vladimir Putin said the
greatest disaster of the 20th century
was a dissolution of the Soviet Union
that was John McCain and Morning Joe in
worrying about what he saw is the Obama
administration's lacs approach to Russia
now as you know Russia was notably
absent from the list of foreign nations
and foreign leaders honoring John
McCain's record of service also staying
silent of course President Trump who
only referenced McCain's family while
posting a picture of himself even after
those aides who were closest to him
where were actually imploring him to say
something nice about John McCain in this
statement but he refused Andrew Mitchell
John McCain was always tough on Russia
always always warned of Vladimir Putin's
aggression
perhaps that's yet another reason why
Donald Trump had little use for him and
the fact that John McCain has been so
consistently tough on Putin in a way
frankly that a lot of his colleagues in
Republican cat colleagues in the Senate
have not been there has been so little
action to ward off against the on the
ongoing according to Dan coats ongoing
Russian interference in our election on
say you know in the cyberspace the the
McCain statements after Helsinki also
probably is his last statements
criticizing Trump foreign policy where
after Helsinki calling it the most
disgraceful performance of an American
president that was so pointed so
descriptive and it was really a
touchstone of John McCain to be
consistently critical of Donald Trump on
foreign policy in a way that Republicans
had always been
coming back through the Cold War in
Ronald Reagan and it really is quite
striking that there is so much waffling
on the Russian threat right now and they
were in in Richard Haass that there was
a consistency he was critical of Barack
Obama for not being tough enough on
Russia at times critical of george w
bush for not being tough enough on
russia but the only difference between
McCain's criticisms then and over the
past year was then he was joined by
fellow Republican senators who also saw
the importance of holding the line
against Putin's expansionism now so many
of those Republicans grew silent which
is why John McCain's voice was all the
more necessary in the age of Trump in
many ways John McCain represents the
main tradition of American foreign
policy and as you were suggesting what
so worrisome or bizarre choose whatever
word you want about this moment is the
mainstream in many cases has been
relegated to being Outsiders or a
minority but we have in some ways what I
would describe is the most radical
foreign policy of any far of any
American president now since Harry
Truman so John McCain was firmly in the
Truman through Reagan through George
Bush the the senior and so forth
tradition very internationalists
supporting allies working through
international institutions from working
closest with with democratic countries
tough towards Russia were Edel slightly
about China and suddenly we have
something extraordinarily different than
the fact that it stands out the it's
telling and one of the worrying things
in the last few years whether it's about
foreign policy or anything else is where
is the Congress this is supposed to be
the classroom of American foreign policy
holding hearings challenging the
president when they disagree raining and
Men providing resources where they think
is necessary and all too often the
Congress has been been missing in action
you know Jon Meacham will know this
better than anybody we used to speak
about the imperial presidency an author
Schlesinger jr. and other
just to worry about the accumulation a
concentration of power in the hands of
the presidency when it comes to foreign
policy well guess what we still got it
and if anything it's stronger than ever
and it's because there were none other
people enough people like John became
essentially challenge challenging
presidential prerogatives when the
president was driving the train off the
tracks let's go to the White House now
NBC News Pentagon correspondent Hans
Nichols is with us also in Washington
former NATO supreme Allied commander
retired four story at navy admiral james
trevita c is chief international
security and diplomacy analyst for NBC
News and MSNBC and an operating
executive at the Carlyle Group Hans
let's start with you give us the news
over the weekend regarding North Korea
well there's an incredible shift on
Friday from the president canceling that
trip while Mike Pompeo the Secretary of
State was planning to head to North
Korea took a lot of people by surprise
the Pentagon didn't have any advanced
warning about at least the officials we
talked to so there is there big changes
going on there it's uncertain just
what's driving this the president blamed
China on trade but when you talk to and
them violating the sanctions but there
doesn't seem to be a whole lot of
evidence that China has radically
changed their behavior in regards to
trade with North Korea yeah there might
be some softening along the border with
a few truck transfers but nothing
tectonic you know Joe just real quickly
on on McCain here at the White House it
doesn't appear that they're in mourning
any longer I just checked the flag it's
not it has half-staff today the flag
here at the White House was lowered
yesterday today it appears to be still
up Dodd has just broken so sometimes
they lower it and bring it down at night
but not if lights are on it and you
contrast that with the Congress on
Capitol Hill it still is at half-staff
so it looks like Senator John McCain
only getting a pass staff for one day
here at the White House Joe Admirals
Ravidas
we were past being surprised by anything
that Donald Trump does let's talk
instead about character and John McCain
a fellow Navy man before we get into
North Korea give us your thoughts on the
life and the legacy of
of a great man huge loss for the nation
as we've been discussing but but if I
may an enormous loss for the US Navy
son and grandson of four-star Admirals
really part of the naval aristocracy
served so bravely in Vietnam but what we
treasure about John McCain are the
memories of him as the rebel with a
cause particularly when he was a
midshipman at the Naval Academy he went
over the wall in other words when a wall
more than anybody else he got more
demerits than anybody else he dated more
women than anybody else
he was a legend at the Naval Academy and
that legend pulled through to his
service his incredible heroism as you've
talked about so much you know if I could
put it in terms of a compass because in
the Navy we're always thinking about
being at sea he could look east and west
right he was someone who could look to
the right and the left politically but
he always sailed true north and we knew
that a lot Admiral I wanted to remind
him reminds me of something that that I
sure you remember the great Admiral
Fetterman and Admiral Federman after
after I got elected he pulled me to the
side and was talking about training and
naval aviation and he said boy I could
use a hell of a lot more PE majors and a
hell of a lot less engineers and it's so
interesting he wanted somebody on the
stick that had the instinct that had the
toughness that wasn't going to always go
by the book that and and that was John
McCain wasn't it it absolutely was and
of course nobody knows Naval Aviation
better than the congressman from
Pensacola where that fabulous museum is
that's really about right and John
McCain always always flew he sailed true
north and you know to the point we were
making earlier about Russia
he saw Vladimir Putin so clearly you'll
remember that President Bush
with Vladimir Putin and sort of famously
said hey I looked in Putin's eyes and I
saw his soul Vladimir so we can work
with Vladimir Putin john mccain was
asked well you've met with putin and
looked in his eyes what did you see and
mccain said I saw three letters KGB
that's John McCain and he conveyed that
clearly again and again
McCain knew to the last breath he took
that Vladimir Putin was no friend to the
United States why our current president
has this blind spot remains a mystery
Mike Barnicle is with us and has a
question about North Korea Mike Admiral
and his core McCain despite you know we
knew what he was ideologically sometimes
right
sometimes middle but at his core he was
always for the United States of America
clearly and deeply forever
today I'm wondering what do you think
would be on his mind with regard to our
relationship after a series of what we
were told terrific meetings with North
Korea what would he be thinking today
what do you think first of all I think
the president is significantly
distracted by domestic events and his
own legal struggles to be honest with
you to the degree he's thinking about
North Korea
I think he is hopeful he's placing a big
bet on North Korea coming out his way
but at the end of the day the
fundamentals are bad there Mike I think
the chances of Kim jong-un fully
completely immediately and verifiably
giving up his nuclear weapons are
roughly the same chances as the Mexicans
paying for the wall under the new
president so I think we're gonna require
a lot of strategic patience what I
believe is we ought to be redoubling our
intelligence efforts increasing our
missile defense and getting prepared
because I think it's going to get worse
before it gets better and I hope we can
land this diplomatically it's going to
require patience out of people like Mike
Pompeo I think he's our best bet not the
President of the United States and
solving that one
and it's Andrea Mitchell here on that to
that point we at the State Department
were really shocked by what happened
last week because on Thursday Mike
Pompeo a very deliberate man as you know
came out with his new special envoy for
North Korea
Steve bacon and announced him and
announced the trip we had known that
this trip was possible but they formally
announced a trip and he was supposed to
have left yesterday for North Korea
would have been his fourth trip he had
two very bad conversations with the
North one trip where he went
the third trip where he went and did not
see Kim jong-un in the at the ASEAN
meeting in Singapore more recently the
North Korean envoy really snubbed him
and criticized him right after he had
left so things have not been going well
but what could have precipitated this
Twitter announcement by the president
only 24 hours later Papale was having
lunch with the president when the parent
of this tweet went out so was could
there have been some intelligence that
the North was doing something
dramatically different or is the
president just finally realizing that
his grand pronouncements that the
nuclear threat is over after Singapore
are just so wrong and he needed a new
target China I'm gonna bet on door
number two Andrea and I think that
pretty clearly as as the drumbeat of
midterms comes up what the president is
realizing is that he's gonna get
hammered on his statements that the
problem has gone away because
increasingly the intelligence community
is correctly telling us that North Korea
is simply moving along with their
program no progress we've really seen
this movie before so I think he's simply
trying to take it off the plate of the
midterm by saying we're gonna take a
little pause here I still have great
respect for Kim Jong on really and that
is not going to be a winning strategy
what we need is what Mike Pompeo and by
the way Steve Bagan is a terrific choice
in this world deep experience in Asia I
think the two of them can craft a
methodical path that can get us to a
diplomatic landing but simply checking
out of the problem abruptly like that
doesn't help us and it is an attempt to
sort of throw blame
on China which is being built up to be
the scapegoat for the midterms yeah I
agree with that the China's being built
up as a scapegoat but I I think Hans had
it exactly right there's no change in
Chinese policy they you know they like
the status quo they'd like there to be
an agreement they don't want a war on
the peninsula they don't want on North
Korea with uncontrolled nuclear weapons
and I don't ons is still here I don't
know if whether you see any signs though
that this president and this
administration are willing to move away
from the keine we've got to have
complete denuclearization in traditional
diplomacy you would be willing to take
some type of interim or halfway measures
or whether they see that is somehow
unacceptable do you see any signs they
would if you will have their own version
of an Iran agreement with North Korea
while they trap themselves and they said
it's all or nothing and therefore
they're gonna end up with nothing
yeah the only real the only real
difference and maybe andrew is better to
a better suited to speak to this was
that shift on final complete
denuclearization that final versus
complete that was really a slight linkit
linguistic shift that you heard from
officials at the State Department namely
Mike Pompeo what we should watch the
Pentagon is if they turn military
exercises back on right now it's August
you should have these exercises taking
place called freedoms Guardian they're
not taking place there indefinitely
suspended if the Pentagon turns those
back on and starts training with the
South Koreans in a very public way then
you'll know that things have really
shifted at the Pentagon as well I would
just note that the president canceled
that meeting in Singapore and then put
it back on that was about a 24 hour
pause we're much longer in this one
which means that it is it could be an
indication that it's much more serious
guys all right NBC's Hans Nichols thank
you so much Admiral James to Venus I
even talking about Pensacola a lot did
you ever make it through Pensacola only
about a thousand times but the major
event in my life in Pensacola Joe was
when the Navy sent me down there to see
if I would be capable of being a fighter
pilot you know like goose and maverick
and Top Gun remember about the third
time I lost my lunch doing barrel rolls
it was clear I was going to be a
destroyer officer and drive
well southern you were familiar with
Trader John's and the rest of the
culture down there yeah what I will buy
you a beer at the monkey bar at the
Museum next time we're both there okay I
look forward to that very soon Admiral
James Servetus thank you so much and
still ahead the money man from the Trump
Organization has been granted immunity
in the michael cohen probe you know
everybody says it seems every week
there's a development that's going to be
huge but this is very very significant
in the investigation robert molars
investigation and in a lot of other
investigations is - we're going to be
talking about what that's going to mean
for Donald Trump and the investigation
plus much more on the life and legacy of
John McCain we're gonna be joined by
Peggy Noonan Chris Matthews and John
McCain's former chief of staff and
speechwriter mark Salter who my gosh new
John McCain more than anybody outside of
the senator's immediate family also many
many more guests we're this morning Joe
we'll be right back I spend every day
saying to myself stay calm stay cool be
passionate but neither get angry nor
personal and that those are two
important lessons that I've learned over
the years I spent a lot of time burning
bridges early in my political campaign
but kept political life now I work to
try to build bridges and we'll be
watching Senator John McCain thanks for
joining us and sharing your views I
haven't had so much fun since my last
interrogation thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
