tonight we are remembering the
remarkable life of Senator John McCain
who has died at the age of 81 after
battling brain cancer Republican Ben
Sasse said quote our nation aches for
truth tellers this man will be greatly
missed senator McCain's story is the
American story he once wrote i'm the son
and the grandson of admirals that's the
first line of my biography that's a fact
that his captors in vietnam tried to use
against him McCain refused to let them
and found himself using taps on the wall
to communicate with other prisoners of
war from his prison cell he returned
home after five and a half years and
spent decades in public life chiefly in
his beloved United States Senate in the
end he never became president losing to
george w bush and later barack obama and
he resisted a changing of the guard in
politics often at odds with president
donald trump and the two shared a little
more in common than their political
party and yet McCain did not yield most
wondrous land on earth indeed I've had
the good fortune to spend 60 years in
service to this wondrous land to fear
the world we have organized and led to
3/4 of a century to abandon the ideals
we have advanced around the globe to
refuse the obligations of international
leadership and our duty to remain the
last best hope of Earth for the sake of
some half-baked spurious nationalism
cooked up by people who would rather
find scapegoats than solve problems
this is funny is this unpatriotic as an
attachment to any other tired dogma of
the past that Americans consigned to the
ash heap the ash heap of history
remarkable he was known by his
colleagues in the Senate as a man
unafraid to reach across the aisle and
unafraid of bucking his own party for
what he thought was the good of the
country
one of his colleagues Democratic senator
from Minnesota Amy Klobuchar
joins me now from Minneapolis senator
Klobuchar it's good to see you on this
very somber weekend but we've been
remembering Senator McCain here tonight
for of course the accomplishments that
he brought but also for the man that he
was and I know you spent quite a bit of
time traveling with him there was a New
Year's Eve incident in the Baltics I'm
told among other things what do you
remember about him well Casey I loved
how you captured his sense of humor and
how for him jabbing at you a bit in good
humor good humor was a compliment
there's nothing better when you're
Democrat and you got a call from John
McCain which I did several times where
he'd say I just saw you on on Sunday
morning defending immigration he goes
pretty good for a communist and he was
someone that just had a joy about his
work and yes as you know he could get
crabby he could get intense but he had a
mission and that mission I was reminded
of the last time I saw him when my
husband and I went out to the ranch to
see him and Cindy and he was frail but
still showed that true grit as he talked
about the issues of the day but he
pointed to a line from one of his books
where he said nothing in life is more
liberating than fighting for a cause
greater than yourself and that's what
defined his life whether it was you know
letting those other prisoners of war
being released before him I stood with
him in front of that cell in Vietnam and
saw how small that place was where he
was tortured whether it was working in
the Senate as you point out bucking his
party on everything from immigration to
being against torture or
whether it was his decision in a
solitary moment in Minnesota at that
rally when that woman questioned Barack
Obama's patriotism and he looked at her
in a very polite way and said ma'am no
you're wrong ma'am he was a family man
he was a decent he is a decent person
that's what he said and those are
decisions some were made over time but
some were made in the moment and that
was John McCain really demonstrated the
instincts that he had in that moment he
also was known as being a mentor to
other senators he was somebody who cared
deeply about the institution and it
sounds as though he played that role for
you he did and I'm sure you can think of
people in your life men who came before
you and helped you out and introduced
you around well that's what he did to so
many senators and especially women
senators on the world stage and at times
when we would be at meetings with
all-male leaders especially in Asia and
it was Lindsay and me and John McCain
and of course John McCain would start he
was the head of the delegation and then
they would all turn to look at Lindsey
Graham and every single time John McCain
would look at them and say I'm sorry
senator Klobuchar is the Democratic lead
of this delegation she will go next he
was in that moment telling them no this
woman is someone to listen to and I
can't tell you how many other women
Democrats and Republicans have told me
similar stories and part of it may be
that he spent his life surrounded by
powerful women from his mother who is
still alive to Cindy McCain who's an
incredibly strong person to Megan and
the rest of the family and that may have
sculpted who he was in those moments
with women in the Senate Roberta McCain
his mother a hundred and six years old
really really remarkable and Chuck
Schumer your Democratic leader has
proposed renaming the Russell Senate
office building for Senator McCain is
that something you would support of
course I think it is a very smart idea
it's a place as you know case
that John McCain when you talk about
walking those marble floors it's where
he worked for years and it also embodies
the traditions of the Senate in that
it's the oldest Senate office building
and he is was a student of history every
trip that I went with him on he was
constantly reading books World War two
books taking those lessons of history
which you heard in that talk he gave on
half-baked nationalism not so long ago
and bringing them to the present
understanding what that threat of Russia
really meant and if I learned anything
from him on foreign policy it was at the
lessons of history matter and that
America's is at its strongest when we
are a beacon to four democracies around
the world that we shouldn't shirk from
that duty senator Amy Klobuchar thank
you so much for coming on tonight and
sharing your thoughts and reflections
unity thank you and thank you for
capturing Senator McCain with that
moment where he was teasing you a role
as a journalist because he did that so
well he did and that and we really miss
him in the halls of the hill as I know
you know so thank you I want to now to
welcome in my panel tonight senior
writer for Politico and co-author of the
political playbook Jake Sherman
Republican strategist and director of
media affairs for John McCain's 2008
campaign Kevin McLaughlin political
columnist for The Washington Post Karen
Tumulty
Republican strategist former advisor for
Senator McCain and MSNBC political
analyst Mike Murphy thank you all for
being here at tonight and I want first
Karen has written a definitive obituary
of Senator McCain and Karen you write in
the Washington Post quote when he acted
like an ordinary politician trimming
principles and the cause of ambition and
experience it was all the more jarring
because of the standard he had set in
the years that followed a question often
asked was which is the real John McCain
so which one is it well there really was
John McCain had this code of honor that
I think on the one hand both defined him
but I think it was also a burden I think
it also haunted him because when he fell
short of his own standards
he was in torment you you asked what was
the worst moment when he was a prisoner
of war
it wasn't being tortured it wasn't all
those years of solitary confinement it
was it was it was when after having his
arms Reeb roken he was forced to sign a
sort of stilted confession so again you
don't see that sort of kind of internal
you know that internal code of honor in
that many politicians so yes he was both
he was both of those john mccain's he
was the john mccain who aspired to
perfection and he's the john mccain who
sometimes fell short mike murphy pick up
on that on that point you're somebody
who worked with McCain in 2000 on that
sort of improbable run that he made
against george w bush when he really
earned for all of the country that
nickname of maverick yeah well he was a
rascal it was driven by honor his entire
focus was serving with honor but he was
also human and he knew his flaws and he
was very hard on himself because he was
a you know a flawed person like all of
us so and he was in the political world
where you spend half your time trying to
navigate minefields with minor and the
other half of your time suffering fools
which it took him some patience to do
pretty remarkable patience I was around
a lot of the fools they was suffering
and it's pretty remarkable mm I think
the old tempered things overrated I
think people miss it which is McCain
would what McCain never liked in life
excuse me
we're what his favorite word both joking
he didn't mean it but he did sometimes
behind closed doors jerks and bullies so
when he saw somebody with power bullying
down he had an instinctive dislike of it
and so you know there's a lot of that
foolishness in politics but but
fundamentally what he tried to do and I
thought was very successful in doing
through his career was put his own
compass first and the hell with it if
there was political trouble now
he is also scotch-irish and he loved to
fight so he was able to bring those two
things together but but he was very
unique and there was nobody was more fun
to work with particularly in 2000 a
longshot campaign we had nothing to lose
and it was like a bank heist and he was
in the middle of it and he had a
terrific time because he was allowed to
be himself and he saw that it resonated
in the country he's sort of politics so
McCain came up short twice in his bids
for president he lost the 2000 primary
we were just talking about to george w
bush and eight years later of course the
general election to barack obama and
with the campaign reaching its fever
pitch in October of 2008 McCain of
course could see the writing on the wall
I come here tonight to the Al Smith
dinner knowing that I'm the underdog in
these final weeks but if you know where
to look there are signs of hope there's
signs of hope even in the most
unexpected places even in this room full
of proud Manhattan Democrats I can't I
can't shake that feeling that some
people here are pulling for me
I'm delighted to see you here tonight
Hilary
I don't want it getting out of this room
but my opponent is an impressive fellow
in many ways political opponents can
have a little trouble seeing the best in
each other but I've had a few glimpses
of this man at his best and I admire his
great skill energy and determination
it's not for nothing that he's inspired
so many folks in his own party and
beyond
senator Obama talks about making history
and he's made quite a bit of it already
there was a time when the mere
invitation of an African American
citizen to dine at the White House was
taken as an outrage and an insult in
many quarters today he's a world away
from the cruel and prideful bigotry of
that time and good riddance
I can't wish my opponent luck but I do
wish him well Kevin McLaughlin where
where is that in our politics today
where is it we watched how Republicans
reacted after Charlottesville it's so
far yeah from what John McCain did right
there yeah I you know I think it's been
a long slog to get to where we are right
now see him talk and think about 2008
and I was I was at the set in the McCain
campaign in the 2007 primary and it was
just brutal you know I wasn't I was in
charge of radio and TV which when I talk
to you know the right-wingers of the
whole thing in John McCain was for the
McCain Kennedy immigration bill and the
surge in Iraq and we just would get
crushed every day and there's even these
conspiracy theories about what Karen was
talking about that signed confession
that circulate on the right there's
acting they call him a traitor like
every day we get to work at 6:00 we'd
stand at the desk and hope to god we'd
get through the day and like 9:30 would
come out in everything be okay but
McCain he he had this ability in the
military I think that was saying it's
like do they do the hard right as
opposed the easy wrong and it totally
embodied him he came back from Iraq when
he met a soldier who got shot through
the eye who grabbed him by the arm and
in in whispered in his ear I'm pulling
for you and he
right in the campaign office and was
just like a mess he was off the plane
and he was crying and everyone was
crying and it made it so much bigger and
so much easier to work in those terrible
days yeah Jake Sherman on Capitol Hill
it's clear that people who have spent a
lot of time up there you know really
loved him and Republicans loved him this
president though not so much no
definitely not
and I think part of it I'm not it's
tough to put anybody on the psychiatric
couch but John McCain I don't think
there's anybody in the Senate or in the
house who could go out into the world
and meet with world leaders that have
the gravitas that McCain has he's almost
like seen as a head of state yeah when
he's out there in the world out there on
congressional delegations meeting with
people and leaders around the world he's
he commands that kind of respect and
thinking through the elected officials
that we have now there's really nobody
else like that but I think the president
has had a long distaste for John McCain
for whatever reason in 1999 in an
interview I think with Dan Rather on 60
minutes brought up the idea that he was
captured so this is something that's
been going on for decades right I mean
so it's not a new thing and I bud that
you make that point because the
Washington Post is reporting tonight
that President Trump squashed plans for
a White House statement praising the
life and heroism of Senator John McCain
current and former White House aides
tell the Post that the statement was
drafted before McCain's death and it was
ready for the president to sign off on
it
but upon review the president reportedly
decided he would rather post a brief
tweet instead that read quote my deepest
sympathies and respect go out to the
family of Senator John McCain our hearts
and prayers are with you the post is
reporting as well your colleagues Karen
that this White House statement would
have called him a hero praises military
service and this president elected not
to do that it's it's sort of small on
the president's part it's reminiscent of
him going and signing the defense
authorization bill a couple of weeks ago
which is named for John McCain and
mentioning John McCain's name because it
does appear that with Donald Trump
everything is about Donald Trump and so
he has a feud going with him and he will
not let go of it he will not look at
John McCain in the larger lens of his
service to this country which was
incredible and lasted for many decades I
think it's important to also note I
think we look at george w bush is going
to eulogize john mccain they had one of
the nastiest primaries in recent
presidential history so it is possible
to disagree with somebody politically
and still be respectful when they I mean
there was some very personal stuff in
that 2000 campaign around senator
McCain's daughter and yet he's still of
course extending forgiveness and asked
where we've been reporting that McCain
personally asked both Bush and Obama to
deliver those eulogies hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
