I see a person who you know conned his
way into the White House and is trying
to use his limited intellect to try to
kind of fool people but when you see him
give speeches like that then you know
firsthand why I titled this book called
unhinged because he truly is unraveling
he's showing signs of decline
instability impulsivity and he has a
struggle with the truth as we saw so
very clearly this week joy aura semana
Gault Newman is feeling all the tea on
Donald Trump not only is she calling him
unhinged but just moments ago she told
me Trump is unraveling before our very
eyes and joining me now are two other
former apprentice contestants friends of
the show Randall Pinkett winner of The
Apprentice season four and Tara Dowdell
who was a contestant in season 3 thank
you both for being here do you heard
what Omarosa had to say I had to start
at the end because literally it was
people found out that this interview was
coming up that's what people want to
know right was is this book an attempt
to sort of get her you can't no one to
take a black card obviously but it's an
attempt to get invited to the cookout do
you believe that that is what's going on
and if so do you think it's succeeding
well I think you can't get your black
card Dave might have been shredded
that's right and sometimes once it's
gone it's never coming back it's true
there's a point of no return
yeah and when you're in the face and the
spokesperson for the african-american
community for Donald Trump for Donald
Trump that's a liability
and the idea that now having been fired
and writing the book that we can now
reconnect to that is it's it's very
appalled it's almost appalling yeah you
know we think about Donald's track
record particularly with respect to the
african-american teen you talked about
it with Central Park five housing
discrimination my apprentice finale the
list goes on when you're the
spokesperson for that kind of an
individual you're going to carry the
baggage of Donald's legacy along with
you began I find out to be more like
going to my optometrist the more the
closer I get the clearer I can see him
so I didn't know Donald he was kind of
the shiny object the closer I get the
less I like about what I see right
having worked for him and as well
she's known him she's known the man for
15 years at close range I work for him
there's no way you can say you didn't
know the man was a racist not racial but
a racist given the history and the
closer you get the more you see it and
so I mean the thing is I think what a
lot of people will see is look there
were lots everybody black on you except
me watch The Apprentice I might have
been the only person that was not a
viewer of The Apprentice you guys are
both obviously African Americans Pratt
afterwards you tried out for The
Apprentice people were attracted to
Donald Trump I mean immer also talked
about in the book him being constantly
quoted by rappers he had hip-hop artists
eh Sean P Diddy Combs he had everybody
at mar-a-lago he was not perceived
broadly by the black community based on
the Central Park five based on housing
discrimination I didn't even know about
the housing discrimination until he ran
for president so what about him made you
all six of you when you did let's put up
the video of this
it's extraordinary press conference that
former apprentice members of color one
Asian American and five African American
did the spirit what is it in your
experience with Donald Trump brought you
to the conclusion that he was racist
such that you had that press conference
hair well for me there were several
things the first was when he proposed a
blacks versus white season of The
Apprentice I thought that that was
horrific and just the damage that
something will do something like that
would do and that he was seriously
considering it and floating the idea so
that was point one you know I'm just
enough to cut you off but almost it
talks about Mark Burnett sort of setting
the seasons up in a way in ways that
were provocative right whether you would
have teams that were mostly black and
teams that were mostly white that was
sort of built into the show that was not
experience my experience on my season
but there are actually very few blacks
on my season specifically but I will say
this Donald Trump I saw I saw sort of
the the evolution of him deciding to
make race his his basically his platform
and so it started for me with the blacks
versus white season that he has proposed
on the apprentice and then it went to
him being the spokesperson the chief
spokesperson for the birther movement
and and also prior to that the way he
treated Randall when Randall was such a
dominant and unequivocal winner of that
season that ran
one and he asked him to share his
apprenticeship with with the with the
white contestant and he had never done
that to any other contestants and also
the way in which you Randall won there
was no competition and so it wasn't as
if it was so close and he was asking him
to share it yeah
and so was to me it was about
diminishing Randall and what he had
accomplished and kind of taking him down
attack because he was so dominant how
did or do you Russell was tasked with
responding to all of you when you did
your press conference
how did she reach out to you did she
talk to you about it yes so for me
Omarosa was calling me the day before we
were going to do the press conference
obviously she had gotten wind of it and
I felt that she had been dispatched to
contact me directly I think my
relationship with her at the time was
probably the least adversarial certainly
some of the other contestants had a more
adversarial relationship she and I had
talked over the years and so she was
reaching out to me a hundred percent
directly and I'll never forget it
because I was in the meeting with a
client and a mayor yeah at the time and
my phone was just ringing over and over
again and it was on morosa and somebody
who also worked with Donald Trump were
you disappointed that a person who came
from the The Apprentice experience as
you did who worked with Donald Trump as
you did went into the White House
Omarosa so she did it to be an advocate
for African Americans do you do you do
do you accept that I get the the
argument and I agree with the argument
that we want to have a seat at the table
without representation and what happens
is what happens in Puerto Rico where
John Kelly and Donald Trump have this
indifference toward Puerto Ricans don't
think that there are actually Americans
but knowing what we knew about Donald
before he ran and even through the
campaign it's hard to accept the idea
that you could normally go into that
kind of an administration I love the
point that you made is why not quit
after charlottesville if it wasn't
anything that happened before if you
took the red pill you're out of the
matrix you kind of had this moment of
Epiphany
why not leave after shows go I get the
HBCU Conference but we can work around
that and it's questionable what do you
stand for
yeah and when you know what Donald
stands for if you stand with him that
you must then put what he stands for
otherwise you can't see yourself being a
party that's why I left the Trump
Organization because I having seen the
inner workings at a close distance so I
can't get on board with
the culture of this organization
represents one of the things that I did
find spicy I'm sorry to cut you off is
that you know even to the point of
making a woman of color Meredith McIver
take the fall for Melania Trump who also
was inducted into birtherism I think we
should mention by Donald Trump for the
plagiarism well I just want to make one
point very quickly so Omarosa made the
point that she stayed because she had
these policy initiatives she's working
on but what are the tangible outcomes
that we've seen for the african-american
community from this White House we have
not seen anything tangible the one thing
Donald Trump will take credit for and
try to claim is the economy and how
that's benefited African Americans but
that is the economy he inherited a good
economy whereas President Obama
inherited an awful economy and he is the
one that led us out of the depths of the
recession my firm was a beneficiary of a
stimulus grant so Sadat so so Donald
Trump is benefiting from that but what
we seen that's benefited the
african-american community from this
administration what we have seen is not
benefits but what we've seen is a rise
in hate against our community there was
a young girl article recently about a
five-year-old that was urinated on by a
man while he was calling her the n-word
these types of situations and incidents
awful situations and incidents are
occurring with greater frequency and yes
part of it is our attack is that we have
social media but social media at this
point has been around for a long time
sure cell phone cameras at this point
have been around for a long time we have
seen an uptick in this type of comfort
level that people feel and being able to
call us the n-word on the streets to
attack us in a way that they weren't
able to do before before it was
something that they knew they could not
get away with but now people feel this
openness and this ability to be able to
just treat black people the way they do
and I attribute that to Donald Trump
well you know I'm on the other side of
that though I have to say that because
Omarosa went into the White House we
have her receipts on other members
african-american members of the team
knowing or at least acknowledging that
he probably did use the n-word which at
the end of day its policy not words
right it's the things he's doing it's
Ben Carson's trying to strip the floor
of their housing trying to take away
Obamacare that's the stuff that's I mean
in locking children in cages taking them
from the parents that's
that really matters but her being there
and being able to record she admits she
recorded she intended to write a book
she's a lot of receipts mm-hmm I haven't
seen anyone else directly asked Steve
and he's a racist she directly asked him
and got an answer that was surprising
recent he's a proud white man we got
some confirmation on Bannen because of
that so at the end of the day there are
people who are arguing you know what
Omarosa is performing a national public
service well there's a great book the
spook who sat by the door
for those who don't know go check it out
you know infiltrating an organization to
learn the inner workings of an
organization it got a spike Lee movie
nine with the gentlemen who infiltrated
the black Klansmen another good example
so if there is some saving grace from
Amaro's to having gone out of the matrix
it is that we now do have insights w
otherwise wouldn't have and receipts and
receipts and to the extent that they
have and will probably continue to try
to discredit her it is a good thing that
she has evidence to support her
arguments and to support which in her
book being otherwise it would have no
credibility and that insights would be
lost completely and we also have Donald
Trump ultimately showing who he is by
calling this woman who he'd nurtured her
career for fifteen years a dog a lowlife
a lowlife dog and if he would say that
about over Rosa I'm not sure that you
need to take but she also she has these
tapes but you know the thing is she went
in there knowing she had to tape him
yeah absolutely right and we're learning
a lot and thank you for coming to our
TED talks Thank You Randall Pinkett and
Terry Dowdell and the programming note
tomorrow on am joy fellow apprentice
alum Kwame Jackson will join the table
to talk Trump American politics and race
and up next have Republicans expanded
their Southern Strategy to a South
African strategy we will talk about it
next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
