day 582 of the Trump administration and
there's been a new escalation of legal
pressure on the president today we
learned another member of the innermost
circle trump organization chief
financial officer Alan weiselberger -
the feds and he's been granted immunity
once again the Wall Street Journal was
first out with this story they write
that weiselberger vided quote
information about michael cohen and the
criminal investigation into hush money
payments for two women during the 2016
presidential campaign according to
people familiar with the matter Rudy
Giuliani a lawyer from mr. Trump said he
wasn't aware that mr. Weissenberg had
been granted immunity and didn't know
whether the president had knowledge of
it even at the Trump Organization where
fewer than 30 employees work on the 26th
floor of Trump Tower alongside mr.
Weissenberg the revelation that the CFO
had been granted immunity from
prosecutors surprised many executives
NBC News has confirmed that report about
weiselberger and that he indeed is the
man referred to as executive 1 in the
michael cohen court documents and that
weiselberger is the one who arranged to
reimburse cohen for his payments to
stormy Daniels weiselberger is the
latest Trump associate to get immunity
yesterday we learned David pecker
publisher of the National Enquirer and a
longtime Trump ally also obtained that
same privilege for giving prosecutors
information about mr. Cohen it was only
this Tuesday when Cohen pleaded guilty
remember to campaign finance violations
related to those payments which he told
the court were at Trump's Direction
weiselberger goes back to when trump's
father ran the company he is the
longtime keeper of the books who even
appeared with Trump on season 2 of The
Apprentice replacing George this week is
my chief financial officer Alan
weiselberger and you think George is
tough where did you see Alan
weiselberger was also part of the team
put in charge of trumps finances after
he won the 2016 election he has
relinquished leadership and management
of the Trump Organization to his sons
Don and Eric and a longtime trump
executive Alan weiselberger
Eric and Alan are committed to ensuring
that the activities of the Trump
Organization are beyond reproach and
earlier on this network a former Trump
campaign adviser detailed Alan
weiselberger role in the Trump
Organization Alan as far as I know has
been with the president then mr. Trump
the Trump Organization since the 70
since she was even based in Brooklyn
Alan on the 26th floor he had a his own
fiefdom he had multiple people working
for him there's a large accounting
office there they all report to him I am
sure Alan got frequent mention you know
had to give frequent reports to that mr.
Trump about the Trump Organization
weiselberger is the latest piece to fall
bringing this case closer and closer to
that man as shannon petit piece of
Bloomberg writes Trump's quote sense of
invulnerability is in for its biggest
test as he suddenly must defend against
grave threats the threat is intensifying
as Trump confronts a midterm referendum
on his presidency that plus a feeling of
betrayal may have motivated this from
the president just yesterday this whole
thing about flipping they call it I know
all about flipping for 30 40 years I've
been watching flippers everything's
wonderful and then they get 10 years in
jail and they they flip on whoever the
next highest one is or as high as you
can go it almost sort of be outlawed if
I've seen it many times I've had many
friends involved in this stuff
it's called flipping and it almost ought
to be illegal with that let's bring in
our leadoff panel on a Friday night all
three returning veterans Ken Thomas
White House reporter for The Associated
Press who traveled with the President to
Ohio today the aforementioned Shannon
petty piece White House correspondent
for Bloomberg and we welcome back
Richard painter who returns to us after
a bid for US Senate in Minnesota Richard
of course chief White House Ethics
lawyer formerly for the White House of
president george w bush good evening and
welcome to you all Ken having made the
trek today did you discern any
difference in mood in the traveling
White House as opposed to the stationary
kind Brian we didn't have any
it's by the president to our press cabin
either on the way or on the way back
from Columbus his speech was somewhat
subdued in Columbus it was a fundraising
dinner so it wasn't the same kind of
atmosphere you would normally see at a
rally but there's no way to sugarcoat
this this has been a terrible week for
the president and it strikes at the
heart of of the loyalty that he always
insists upon his aides and and his
ability to control the future of these
investigations he's had three people
essentially turned their backs on him in
the span of a week I was speaking to a
longtime Trump advisor who said that
Michael Kohn is actually someone who he
can't control now even though he's
president he the you know President
Trump can sit at the resolute desk he's
the commander in chief he can press a
button and have a diet coke instantly
appear and yet he can't control Michael
cone and that speaks to the predicament
that he finds himself in Shannon along
those same basic lines what does it tell
you when Rudy says they had no idea the
CFO had an immunity deal well I think
sometimes maybe Rudy's not informed on
all the various legal matters he's
informed on things dealing with the
Moller investigation or that he needs to
know to speak about on television I mean
our reporting does indicate that the
Trump Organization was aware that Allen
weiselberger had spoke to a grand jury
that as part of that grand jury
appearance he sought an immunity deal
and was granted one but he still is with
the Trump Organization his you know that
we're you know typically two lawyers on
each side share information so I don't
think this was a huge secret to
everybody it doesn't mean it was the
type of information that was shared with
everyone but I don't think it was it was
not the closely kept secret that I think
Rudy thinks it was all right Richard
having advised a president and a West
Wing on legal matters how bad a week was
this legal
for the Trump Whitehouse well I've
certainly never seen anything like that
because I never advised the president
who had his campaign manager his deputy
campaign manager found guilty or plead
guilty to multiple criminal charges the
same day that is a former attorney was
pled guilty to eight felonies and now we
have the chief financial officer of the
Trump Organization turning state's
evidence I have to say that every
white-collar criminal defense lawyers
knows that when the chief financial
officer turns state's evidence everyone
in the executive suite is in a lot of
trouble because the chief financial
officer knows exactly where the money
has coming and going and that includes
not just the money being used to pay off
various women who have been engaging
sexual activity with Donald Trump but it
also may very well include Russian money
and remember that every time Bob Muller
gets anywhere near Donald Trump's money
Donald Trump starts threatening to fire
Bob Muller it appears that they're
closing in on the basic financial
structure of the Trump Organization
perhaps the reasons why he's not
disclosing his tax returns and what we
may find there is really quite ugly so
there's been a very very bad week for
the president you know it's it's
shocking though that Congress is doing
absolutely nothing about this we're well
past the point where we were Watergate
in 1973 when they had hearings looking
into the obstruction of justice and
other criminal activities going on in
the Nixon administration this is far
worse and yet Congress is doing
absolutely nothing it's pathetic hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
