okay so how many different entities or
offices are currently investigating the
president United States or his
associates or businesses trying to tally
it up here's what we came up with until
very recently we were all focused on the
office of the Special Counsel Robert
Muller and the investigation of Russian
interference in the 2016 election that's
already led to indictments or plea deals
involving Michael Flynn Paul Manafort
Rick gates George papadopolis a dozen
Russian intelligence officers more than
a dozen Russian nationals and three
Russian companies along the way Muller
also referred the matter of Michael
Cohen to the Southern District of New
York since Cohen's crimes didn't appear
to come under the umbrella of Muller's
Russia investigation but just look what
that now has led to not only to Michael
Cohen pleading guilty to eight felony
counts but to a criminal investigation
which may implicate both the Trump
Organization and certain unnamed
executives who aided in the illegal
hush-money
scheme that also led to a grant of
immunity the National Enquirer publisher
David Packer and two Trump org CFO Alan
weiselberger meanwhile the state of New
York started its own line of inquiry
they filed a civil suit against Trump
Foundation as well as referring its
findings to both the IRS and the FPC
which may or may not act on the
information and now we know that
Manhattan da is also eyeing the Trump
Organization all their trades is the
question how likely is it that one or
more of these lines of criminal civil
investigation will lead back to the man
at the top Donald Trump to help assess
this vast landscape of potential legal
liability is bring an attorney Lisa
green an attorney Ellie missed all
executive editor of the legal blog above
the law
a lots proliferated it seems to me over
the course a week particularly when you
pair two things the subpoena that came
from Michael Kohn the day after he
pleaded from the state and the article
the New York Times saying science the
Manhattan da is I'm charged yeah this is
the week where the Marine Corps bands
stopped playing hail to the chief and
started playing rains of castamere okay
the daggers are out now and it's coming
all around him the legal exposure for
Donald Trump is great ones one of the
things about having so many irons in the
fire is that one of them is almost at
this point bound to pay off in that
report that you just said you didn't
mention Michael avenatti who's still out
here running for president and trying to
get right
right so there's there all these you
know Barbara Underwood also the New York
AG is contemplating criminal charges in
addition to the civil civil charges on
so the exposure for here for Donald
Trump is as great as has been for
anybody in the history of his office or
maybe lawyers clients ever right but
here's okay so to start to narrow it
down let's look at taxes because we've
all really wanted to look at President
Trump's taxes since the time he ran for
office if his office if Allen
weiselberger who by the way can you not
picture him with a green eyeshade and an
adding machine like a pencil like this
old-fashioned way of doing business
every check is cleared by the president
let's say they miss allocated the hush
money payment as a payment to a lawyer
which you get to deduct from your taxes
because it makes paying for lawyers
easier and that's that it's in the
information that's that's what
prosecutors assert is wrongly charged
guess what potential tax fraud how do
you prove tax fraud tax returns help so
there's a lot of cascading legal
problems but that seems to be to believe
one that isn't related to Russia and is
fairly easily carried forward by state
authorities or federal authorities I
don't think that trumps exposure is what
Trump should be most worried about right
now it's his children right like that's
got to all of this all of this is
leading up to if you look at all the
people who've got immunity I didn't see
Bob jr. saying I didn't see Eric's name
oh I didn't see Jared's name right all
of this is coming out his children on
Barack Obama after Sandy Hook said that
having children was like walking around
with your heart having your heart walk
around unprotected now I don't know if
Donald Trump has the parental instincts
of like a mammal right I'm not sure he's
there but if he is that's where they're
gonna squeeze next that's where all of
this is coming from that's what you
don't need weiselberger to get Cohen you
need why so work to get executive to
which may or may not be Donald Trump jr.
right that's what you mean and that's
where they're gonna squeeze next can I
just add that in addition to the people
who may be squeezed there are the
potential volunteers here's what I mean
loyalty is probably something you earn
one to one disloyalty I think is
contagious and if other people in the
Trump orbit I'm speculating are watching
what's happening
maybe get reacquainted with their sense
of a conscience this week after what
they saw who's to stop them from
volunteering information we don't know
part of what's strange about this is
much harder than they think about all
these different investigations all
looking at this stuff now is it the the
kind of implicit assumption by everyone
including the present United States when
he talks about people flipping is that
of course there are chargeable crimes
that exist in the record of the
President and his organization I don't
even think that's really a thing that
anyone choose strenuously attempts to
dispute whether it be Rudy Giuliani or
the president's defenders on Trump TV
the assumption is just do they find them
and do they have the kind of political
wherewithal to go after them and this is
where I think Professor Alan Dershowitz
one of my former professors I try not to
be mean to him on television but like
this is where he's out to lunch all
right
because Dershowitz is one of these guys
who has taken intense who is taken
criminal intent completely out of this
situation yes campaign finances laws are
complicated yes people often violate
them accidentally yes tax laws are
complicated yes people and violate them
sometimes accidentally if Trump meant to
do it if Trump did this on purpose to
influence an election that is criminal
intent that is part of the question here
and listen to that tape and those aren't
people bumbling their way backwards
these are people engaged in a
sophisticated scheme to cover something
up using a variety of channels of money
intentionally with the attempt to know
your territory and you know I've mocked
on this error the essential Consulting's
agreement a consultative remix that just
looked so amateurs what's clear from
that audiotape is familiar territory for
the president for Michael Kohn perhaps
we don't know Alan weiselberger of
knowledge and an unnamed executive well
that's also part of it they have this
issue in front of them which I think to
most people would seem like a novel
issue right this is like someone has
come forward alleging that you had an
extramarital affair and is going to blow
the whistle on that you know perhaps in
a public fashion in a you know in a in a
tabloid and you need to figure out a way
to pay money it's dealt with in a way
that feels fairly rote yes I mean that's
part of what's interesting like the
the routine to do it where you gross it
up you throw in the bonus and make it a
retainer you do it monthly you do it in
New York all that stuff seems like big
because they st. their first rodeo as
you were saying earlier right the most
interesting person to me here is David
Packer David pecker has that way that
Trump vaults there's something that's
like you were saying it's not a rod oh
there's something in the vault that we
want to find out Lisa green and Emily
miss tell yeah I think that's I mean I
think that's a concession
thank you coming up to the White House
tank a bipartisan bill to protect
elections that story's next you're
watching MSNBC International when the
facts are hidden in the shadows and
every lead takes you further down a
winding hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
