welcome back to Vell Shan rule the
president rolled out a new line for his
campaign at a rally last night
Democrats produce mobs Republicans
produce jobs that's really catchy isn't
it well here's the thing for facts sake
how do the two parties compare when it
actually comes to job creation under
each president well we have an analysis
put together by Democrats on the Joint
Economic Committee in Congress it
compared private-sector job growth under
Democratic and Republican presidents
going back to Truman and ending with
Obama
we have blue lines you can see it right
there blue lines representing our
Democratic presidents red lines for our
Republicans and for each a dotted line
that shows the average growth for
Republicans and Democrats on average the
rate of job growth was almost two and a
half times faster under Democratic
administrations than it was with
Republican ones that is according to
figures crunch from the Department of
Labor looking at gross domestic product
you notice GDP growth and another growth
metric to measure the strength of the
economy we can also see substantially
better performance under Democratic
presidents again our dotted red and blue
lines paint a clear picture on average
real GDP has grown about 1.6 times
faster with a Democrat in the White
House than with a Republican according
to figures crunch in the Department of
Commerce furthermore a paper released by
the Woodrow Wilson School and Department
of Economics at Princeton concluded
quote the US economy has performed
better when the President of the United
States is Democrat than a Republican
almost regardless of how one measures
performance so it sounds like Democrats
have a branding problem
joining me now CNBC editor at large John
Harwood and Bloomberg national political
reporter
Sahil Kapur okay John let's go to you
first
those are the numbers right there I just
went through all of them yet the
president gets on the podium and says we
create jobs they create mobs and even go
beyond President Trump if you ask the
average American which which party is
most focused on jobs in the economy and
business they're going to say
Republicans that's right so
Kratts do have the branding problem that
you mentioned Republicans on the other
hand have a data problem and if you want
to know who recognizes that none other
than President Trump in 2004 when
President Trump was interviewed on CNN
he was asked he was trying to figure out
his path in politics and he was asked do
you think of yourself more as a
Republican or Democrat he said you know
I seems like the economy does better
under Democrats that's what those
figures show they that's what the years
since then have shown of course
President Obama had a better record of
net job creation and President Bush and
that's simply the reality of the
situation in terms of the mobs not jobs
just remember what the subtext of that
is in addition to the economic facts the
Democrats are a diverse party the
Republicans appeal disproportionately to
older whites and the mob thing is an
attempt to alarm those voters about the
prospect of non-whites and immigrants
and terrorists and that sort of thing
but I want to go back to business and
economics that's a heel the data is
irrefutable yet yet to John's point the
Republicans have it in terms of branding
and what getting elected is is selling
so what did Democrats need to do on the
selling front part of the American Dream
whether you like it or not is that
people believe or dream that they want
to be rich what did Democrats need to do
to change the narrative here well it
seems like they need to highlight the
facts as much as possible as it comes to
job creation I mean anything that
they're you know they're focusing on
something a little bit different they're
talking about the tax law and its impact
on the deficit and how that could lead
to cuts and you know safety net programs
like Social Security and Medicare but
you know the the Bill Clinton presidency
oversaw about as many jobs created as
the entire presidencies of Reagan and
both Bush's so Democrats do have an
argument to you know to make here if
they really want to but you know the the
economy Stephanie I think we can do a
little bit myth-busting here is mostly
irrelevant to the outcomes of midterm
elections the Democrats of 2014 have
that rude awakening it was a good
economic year about three million jobs
created the Democrats still got
decimated 1994 as well a decent economic
year Bill Clinton's party
got decimated the what the midterms
midterm elections come down less to
economic performance lower to
presidential approval and generic ballot
and that's where the Democrats seem to
have the edge here do you find it
interesting that even though the economy
is doing so well it's booming so on and
so forth guys like Newt Gingrich are
saying the midterms are about what did
he say John the caravan and Kavanagh
he's not talking the economy well right
and one of the reasons for that
Stephanie is that people have absorbed
the fact that the economy has been
growing for quite some time president
Trump talks about record streak of
private-sector job creation most of that
record obviously was amassed under the
presidency of Barack Obama he inherited
the Trump inherited a good economy
things have gotten accelerated in part
because of the stimulus deficit finance
stimulus from the tax cut and from
spending increases but people kind of
get that they we haven't had a
revolution in the economy under
President Trump and they're focusing on
other things and those culture war
issues are part of it who does who do
the president's lies about the economy
work for at the end of the day I know if
my wages go up I know if I have more
money in my pocket if my actual taxes go
down I understand the president's lies
or conspiracy theorists when he's
preying on our fears you know as it
relates to things like immigration and I
hear these awful ridiculous conspiracy
theories that are not rooted in fact but
they worked they work because they make
people scared when he lies about the
economy who believes that well that's
the the challenge Stephanie President
Trump wants to make the case you know
about the economy and he can talk about
record-low on him unemployment among
african-americans than Hispanics which
is certainly true and he and he likes to
do that but the reason we're seeing him
shift to issues like immigration and the
mob is is that he knows what really
motivates the conservative base and it's
this feeling of cultural alienation it's
this primal force that he very deftly
put his finger on in the 2016 election
that the country is becoming younger
it's becoming more culturally liberal
the conservatives have lost the culture
war it's becoming more demographically
diverse so he's painting a picture of a
bunch of immigrants and criminals and
angry mobs coming to overwhelm you know
ordinary Americans
it's aimed as John mentioned that older
white Americans who grew up in the 50s
60s and 70s and and aren't thrilled with
the way the country has changed
president Trump knows that that is a
very important galvanizing force for his
base and you know the shift from the
economy to that I think is a signal that
you know the economy is not going to
save the Republicans in this election
and stefaney to tie it back to economics
it's the fact that many of those voters
whose votes and turnout Republicans rely
on are not the ones who've benefited
from the tax cut or the increase in the
economy the more affluent Republicans
the people who push for those tax cuts
who push for them to be tilted toward
people at the top end of the scale and
to business they are benefiting but they
need votes of people who have gotten
very small tax cuts in fact many of them
have barely even noticed that they got
tax cuts the quiet vote from the rich
guy and the loud fired-up vote for the
disenfranchised person who hasn't gotten
that much benefit well we always have to
remind our audience it doesn't matter if
you're standing up screaming or pumping
your fist every vote counts you just
have to do it
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
