Julia Ainsley Joshua Johnson Shayne
Harris all right they're just no words
Duncan Hunter Duncan Hunter first who's
the indicted second congressman to
endorse Donald Trump he was indicted
earlier this week what's been
interesting are the different excuses
don't hunker Duncan Hunter has come up
with when he first was indicted he
borrowed a lot of language from Donald
Trump and attacked the FBI take a listen
this is the new Department of Justice
this is the Democrats arm of law
enforcement that that's what's happening
right now it's happening with Trump and
it's happening with me and we're gonna
fight through it and win we've seen with
strong and and what the FBI and the DOJ
have been doing let's let them expose
themselves for what they are and then
that's a politically motivated group of
folks all right that was after day one
last night he went on fox and found
somebody else to blame are you saying
that it's more her fault than your fault
I'm saying when I went to Iraq in 2003
the first time I gave her power of
attorney and she handled my finances
throughout my entire military career and
that continued on when I got into
Congress because I was gone five days a
week I'm home for two so why and she was
also the camp the campaign manager so
whatever she did on that that'll be
that'll be looked at to I'm sure but but
I didn't do it my apologies there that
she mrs. hunter Duncan hunters wife
Julia I could wow-wow it was funny when
the description when he entered there
not guilty pleas I saw the color we got
in our internal wire was Oh mr. and mrs.
hunter came in separated by three
attorneys and so we were all wondering
whom they have separated
something may be up but you never know
something's up this became the defense I
mean it's very similar to what we saw in
the Bob McDonald case in Virginia what I
blame the way idea of separating
yourself from your spouse and then the
attorneys very quickly get onto that
message from the beginning but it's a
hard one to sell because as you pointed
out I mean that is what marriage is when
you've combined bank accounts and you
have something like however attorney
it's hard to turn around and blow
we've seen other times like Paul
Manafort who did stay with his wife they
jointly signed a lot of things that she
has been left out of all this but I
think it's a it's a harder and harder
sell especially when they're things that
benefited him which they so clearly did
in this case they weren't just to
benefit her it struck me as a very
sympathetic figure running for
re-election the converse Jane know I
looked San Diego the district there in
San Diego it is it is a little more
conservative than most Southern
California districts but it's also it's
also a very integrity filled what's a
district very presence and hey that's
the thing yeah when he said I was off in
Iraq yeah and Duncan Hunter always led
with his military service he was one of
the few veterans serving in Congress
military integrity issues were always
stories that he liked to flag for
reporters and among the charges in this
entitlement is that he was passing off
personal purchases and hiding them as
contributions to veterans organizations
to use this as a defense is gonna turn
off a lot of it house they don't like
that Joshua they don't like that I do
you know the political cynic in me kind
of wonders what the larger effective
this is gonna be I'd I totally get what
Shane is saying in terms of the district
that he's in being so close to the
military hubs in San Diego and 29 palms
further east like that's not gonna play
well there in the larger scheme of
things I wonder whether or not Duncan
Hunter just kind of comes off as this
sleazy politician who finally got caught
yeah or is something that speaks larger
to the nature of the party right now he
was one of the early endorsers of
President Trump as was representative
Collins I believe it was and now both of
them are in trouble does this send a
larger message is this just one of those
stories that that kind of gets to be
billed as a political note in fairness
it's sort of like I know a lot of people
want to attach it to Trump but there is
been a long-standing there's a usually
somewhere but the handful of congressmen
who about every cycle think their
campaign account is their personal sauce
fund for sure okay Jesse Jackson jr.
went to serve time because he
essentially the same thing right they
they think they're the congressional
money is their money and that's what the
hunters thought they treated it is their
money and this is where the campaign
finance laws I think are just this
the part where what is the balance of
and I know we sit here and we struggle
to do it but you have to make the
penalties tough enough so they don't do
these things great and they get briefed
I mean you know you get an ethics
briefing as soon as you're elected but
you're also told I mean when you were
running a campaign you're told about
these laws so they can plead ignorance
they can't all be political Outsiders
but I also think that we can't overlook
that first argument that first offense
he made about the FBI being against him
if every Republican continues to plead
that you get into the territory the
chris ray worries about which is when an
FBI person or someone from the Justice
Department stands in front of a jury
they're not believed anymore they're
seen as political I think a lot of
Americans are gonna start doing this you
know you heard this rhetoric Duncan
Hunter used it but I've I've heard it in
smart look Eric Greitens tried it in
Missouri when at first he tried to make
it the deep state I think he used deep
state as if the deep state was going
after Missouri Republicans also why then
in light of them you're absolutely right
he also said the Democrats arm of law
enforcement someone forgot to tell them
that the Justice Department is run by a
Republican I run this place that's what
verdict to speak also though matters as
because you demonstrated this is not a
witch hunt it's not the deep state these
are facts and 12 people can get in the
room and decide yes even somebody with
an agra hat that's right who said she
was hoping Paul Manafort was innocent
anyway guys record hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
