i le Hoenig former assistant US attorney
in the Southern District of New York and
our panel for the show is Julia Ainsley
NBC News national security and justice
reporter Joshua Johnson host of NPR's
won a and of course an NBC News
contributor and Shane Harris an
intelligence and national security
reporter for The Washington Post welcome
all mister our league let me start with
you explain to me what kind of immunity
that mr. weiselberger was likely granted
I assume it's something that's limited
but when we hear that he was cooperating
on the michael cohen aspect of things
what does that mean beyond michael
Cohen's investigation so you can see
Chuck the Southern District is circling
now and and you just ran through the
things we've already seen this week we
have Michael Cohen pleading guilty to
the campaign finance violation and
implicating the president and now we see
immunity granted to these two new
witnesses immunity is never lightly
handed out by the Southern District of
New York or or by any district what it
means is you have a witness that you're
interested enough to talk to that
typically has invoked the Fifth
Amendment the right against
self-incrimination meaning they have
some exposure at least some exposure and
then the prosecutors make it made a
determination of a this person has
important information and B we're
willing to give them a bit of a break in
order to get it and understand also it's
a lengthy difficult process prosecutors
don't like to do it you have to go
through main justice down in DC you have
to then bring it to a judge to get
approval so this is the kind of thing
that's pretty thoroughly vetted and it
shows you that there's some real focus
here from the Southern District is there
any way that weiselberger would have
done this with the president's
permission perhaps or even
acknowledgement meaning hey it's just
about Michael Cohen or is this something
that likely rattled the president it he
wouldn't Weissenberg would not need the
president's permission this is this is
just him exercising his own Fifth
Amendment right and once you get
immunity you don't have any choice so
once the Southern District grants
immunity to a witness like Weissenberg
you cannot invoke the Fifth Amendment
anymore your only choice there is
testify or go to jail on contempt so why
is it we're not need Trump's blessing to
do this whatsoever
maybe personally it would help him if he
had it but he sure does not need it what
about the use of this immunity going
forward is this likely limited immunity
just for this case or is it something
that after it's granted the Southern
District can come back and essentially
say hey we've given you a new immunity
on this stuff we need we need more
information so there's there's two types
of immunity there's testimonial immunity
meaning your testimony whether it's in a
grand jury or trial cannot then be used
to charge you and there's u s-- immunity
which means essentially you're given a
free pass but i did go back today and i
refresh my memory essentially do J's
policy is once someone has been given
either type of immunity they're not to
be charged and can it be renewed or
extended absolutely as needed by the
Southern District so if Wessel burg goes
down a certain Road and sort of said I
think I think the extent of my immunity
has been reached here the southern
district can go back and renew or change
the focus of the immunity as necessary
all right let me bring the panel in here
Julia in a week of Eliana how can't a
justice cooperate and get you know we
you know we were talking about how this
week alone when you see all the people
talking you've had experience in mob
cases when do you what do it when do the
floodgates open on cooperation yeah I
laugh because I've never heard it put
that way contagious but that's a great
way to phrase it it tends to cooperation
tends to breed more cooperation the
biggest mob cases that we made you have
to pull that thread and once you start
pulling that thread you never know how
much is going to unravel you could
unravel the whole sweater but it's
almost it's almost a logical conclusion
once one person comes in and says I come
into this crime with a B and C now a B
and C have pressure on them if one or
two of them break then it just it
Cascades while I have you here when I
illegal question about the issue of
witness tampering the more Rudy Guiliani
publicly talks about pardons the more
the president talks about how Paul men
afford is you know taking it like a man
at what point does is that would you if
you were sitting in the Southern
District of New York or if you were
Robert Muller and you're about to put
Manta Ford on trial again and you have
this is that interference how do you
judge that the kind of obstruction that
we are seeing on a continual and
systemic basis from the president Rudy
Giuliani
is really way over the top I think it's
important that people understand
obstruction of justice a at breaking the
law could you file charges against the
President or Rudy Giuliani I think we
know what their intent is I think it's
pretty clear but they're doing a good
job laying laying some cover for
themselves for example I think there's I
think you're right I think the president
has been quite clearly floating the
possibility of a pardon for Paul
Manafort now when he was asked and when
Sarah Sanders was asked earlier this
week I said it's never come up and then
the next day Giuliani says oh we've been
talking about it for weeks now Sarah
Sanders clarified it had never come up
in the White House okay maybe it was her
clarification there I'm just I'm just
putting the fat pudding right there
going maybe they were on the lawn or
something but I you know what I think
he's trying to do I think if you could
establish that the president was
pardoning or promising to pardoned Paul
Manafort in order to prevent him from
cooperating to remain a stand-up guy as
the president sort of suggested you
would have a strong obstruction of
justice case if you had him on tape the
president saying what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna I'm gonna part a Manta fort
that's gonna keep him quiet but with his
tweets about Manta for I feel so sorry
for him it's so sad this is an injustice
what I think the president is doing is
laying some groundwork for him to
eventually give a pardon then say not
trying to obstruct justice I just
thought it was unjust you know what's
funny about this how should we be
reading the Cohen deal is because there
was a whole other part of this
investigation that seems to just have
disappeared I don't get we're not
getting confirmation that they've
dropped it is it just sort of hanging
over there in case they need it so first
of all I have to say the Southern
District there was a question how far
they gonna go the Southern District of
New York does not pull up until we are
done and and they will take this as far
as it goes and wherever the crime takes
the southern district that is the path
they will follow they don't they don't
decide where they want it to end up and
then get there they just follow the
facts in the law admittedly I'm a homer
I came from that office but but you can
bank on that one of the big mysteries of
the week for me is Michael Cohen
pleading not to a cooperation agreement
there was every indication out there
certainly he and Landy Davis are
desperate for him to cooperate and a lot
of people are trying to figure out why
not it would seem to make sense and and
that could be for any number of reasons
it could be the Southern District
interested it could be that the early PR
blitz that Lanny Davis did that Michael
Cohen did violated an instruction or
turned them off but I think now it's
also important to know he still could
cooperate you can cooperate at any point
you can cooperate even after trial even
after sentencing there's actually a
federal rule rule 35 that says even
someone once someone sentence you can
bring them back and have them re--
sentenced to less so it's not over but I
found it really surprising that he that
he pled to it not to what we call a
straight plea agreement that did not
involve cooperation hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
