we have breaking news that I'm sad to
deliver about Senator John McCain he's
been battling brain cancer his family
has just released this statement last
summer Senator John McCain shared with
Americans the news our family had
already known he had been diagnosed with
an aggressive geo blastoma and the
prognosis was serious in the year since
John has surpassed expectations for his
survival but the progress of the disease
and the inexorable advance of age
rendered their verdict with his usual
strength of will he has now chosen to
discontinue medical treatment our family
is immensely grateful for the support
and the kindness of all his caregivers
over the last year and for the
continuing outpouring of concern and
affection from John's many friends and
associates and the many thousands of
people who are keeping him in their
prayers god bless and thank you all with
me now is someone who knows John McCain
better than most NBC's Kelly O'Donnell
who covered the Senators 2008
presidential campaign Kelly it doesn't
really matter where you are on the
political spectrum or whether you've
been on the same side as John McCain or
against him there are a few people who
don't have respect for this man's
courage of his convictions not just on
the political stage and in his service
to the country but as a real American
Hero
and that has been enlarged over the 13
months since his diagnosis was made
public July 19th of 2017 with this very
aggressive form of cancer and for John
McCain this twilight of his life has
been an opportunity for him to reflect
on his service to his country and for
him to hear and receive praise from
people across the political spectrum
among his closest friends Joe Biden
whose own son succumbed to the same form
of cancer previously a dear friend Ted
Kennedy who also succumbed to the same
form of cancer Senator John McCain is
someone I've known for 22 years from
meeting him when he was sort of the
candidates pal on the road for the Bob
Dole campaign and then have covered him
for all the years since and have gotten
to know his family as well he is of
course beloved by his wife Cindy who
he's been married to since 1987 children
there are grandchildren and a very broad
community of people who have admired him
of course
he became a
public figure as a young man because he
was the son of the leading Admiral
running the Pacific Command during
Vietnam when John McCain was himself an
aviator and became a prisoner of war for
five and a half years and he had the
opportunity to be released early but
followed the code and opted to stay in
captivity in the order in which those
prisoners of war were taken that defined
a lot of his public service but he would
often say to me Kelly I've been in
public life for decades since then I
have done more things than be a prisoner
of war but it was a formative part of
his public persona and this indicates
that he is in the final stages of his
illness it is not a surprise that they
would reach a decision where there would
be a point of of ending treatment I have
been told by people close to him that
the cancer itself had actually receded
and this is the ravages of the disease
more broadly notably I had been looking
forward to his 82nd birthday which is
next week that also marks 10 years since
as a candidate he announced Sarah Palin
as his running mate when we were
covering the campaign in Dayton Ohio a
decade since his candidacy in the years
since losing that President presidential
election to Barack Obama he remained a
major national voice on matters of
national security continues to this day
as the chairman of the Armed Services
Committee and the recent passage of the
National Defense Authorization Act is
named in his honor John McCain is a
friend many he is the kind of politician
who is always respected reporters teased
us made fun of us at times jabbed with
us but with someone who we enjoyed
working with and enjoyed covering of
course I'm standing in the White House
and it's notable that President Trump
has had a long contentious and critical
public commentary about John McCain that
does not have any impact today when his
family is releasing this statement and
acknowledging that he is choosing to not
continue treatment John McCain is
someone who is admired by many even if
not the current President of the United
States while you never leave a president
has been very supportive Mike Pence you
named a particular act that was named
after him the other day the president
delivered a speech and didn't actually
use John McCain's name at all but it
does seem that the president who does
bring up John McCain or makes reference
to him usually negatively in some of
these speeches it doesn't seem to hurt
or affect John McCain John McCain is a
man of principle he has been a thorn in
the sides of many in his own party and
in other parties but he seems to be
governed at least politically by a by a
higher calling he does what he believes
is proper what he believes is just and
what he believes is in the interest of
his constituents and again he's got he's
had political enemies maybe more than
most but he doesn't test the wind he
doesn't go out there and sort of say
what would be the politically expedient
thing to say there have been times went
on the issue of immigration people have
said he was politically expedient when I
would challenge him on that he would say
that he who had often been trying to
bring about reform in a broad way
comprehensive reform and that failed
that also advocated strongly for
building the southern border wall he
would say his state has changed the
times have changed and that he needed to
adjust to that so there have been times
where people have said he was not
conservative enough and people would say
he was hot-tempered and difficult to
work with at the same time there are
people across the political spectrum who
have admired and continued to admire his
public service also his sons have served
in the military his son who bears his
name is still active duty and the McCain
family has done a lot for public service
and certainly as have others who have
gone through this sort of extreme cancer
experience they have tried to be a voice
for those who have suffered as we have
saw the Kennedy family
the Biden family many others who are
touched by cancer this particular
virulent form of cancer has been
difficult so it's hard for me to talk
about it today because he has been a
friend for a long time it's also
important that this is a statement
saying he is ending treatment we don't
really know what the state of his
prognosis in terms of what comes next
but certainly the family making the
statement is very notable and so we
wanted to acknowledge that and certainly
wish them well and of course as a victim
of torture a longtime victim of
sure he was steadfastly against enhanced
interrogation waterboarding and torture
all right
Kelly we will of course stay very close
to this story and our thoughts are with
Senator John McCain hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
