this just in from a Virginia courtroom a
judge has just set a February 9th
sentencing date for former Trump
campaign Chairman Paul Manafort today
the judge also dismissed the ten
deadlocked criminal counts from mana
forts July trial and also told him he
could get credit for his cooperation
with Robert Muller's investigation and
apparently he has had a lot to say since
signing that plea deal up that plea deal
with the special counsels office last
month new reports suggest mana fort has
met with Muller at least nine times in
the last four weeks each visit was
around six hours that adds up to more
than 50 hours in just the past month
alone so what if anything will come of
these meetings and why is Muller
spending so much time with mana for this
far along into his investigation joining
me now NBC News national security and
justice reporter Julia Ainsley and
former FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence Frank for Glu Z
Frank is also an MSNBC national security
analyst Julia before we get to the the
issue of cooperation and Muller well
that's just the the the dramatic scene
in the courtroom today I think we have a
certain image of Paul Manafort we've
seen the pictures we saw him on TV a
little bit there in 2016 during the
campaign today a very different looking
Paul Manafort was wheeled into this
courtroom in a wheelchair his hair much
grayer he is in a prison jumpsuit
apparently what can you tell us about
about that aspect of it right Steve I
mean I just remember in August just a
few months ago seeing Paul Manafort come
in everyday in a nice suit ready to go
for my colleagues who were inside the
court today they say he's much greater
you point out and he was wheeled in
wearing only one shoe it could be
perhaps he has a problem with his other
foot but his lawyer Kevin downing who
see there made the point that he has
significant health concerns so that part
of this is because of his incarceration
agreement he's in Alexandria and it
seems that part of that has been in a
confined situation where he needs to be
moved to another prison someplace that
could better care for these health
concerns it seems that he is
deteriorating health now this February
9th citizen Singh date could be good
news for him the fact that that isn't
too far off and that it seems that he's
already cooperating to such a large
extent may mean that the government
thinks he'll be able to get as much from
they need by then love to hear Frank's
thoughts on that and then they would
could talk about a sentencing that would
not be as severe given the cooperation
that he's giving hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
