if the Democrats take back power do you
believe they will try to impeach you
well you know I guess it's just
something like high crimes and all I
don't I don't know how you can impeach
somebody who's done a great job I'll
tell you what if I ever got impeached I
think the market would crash I think
everybody would be very poor because
without this thinking you would see you
would see numbers that you wouldn't
believe in reverse congressional
Democrats are way wary about even a
mention of the i-word particularly ahead
of the midterms and yet you heard the
president just used it their current
circumstances a presidential cover-up of
alleged extramarital affairs allegations
of hush money payments president being
implicated in a crime in open federal
court just this week let's not forget
the ongoing Russia investigation it's
all happening during this consequential
run-up to the midterm election and it
harkens back to another there he is
presidential scheduled scandal rather 20
years ago our national political
correspondent Steve Kornacki is with us
at the big board tonight here's why this
is important Steve's new book and we're
thrilled to be able to say this you can
never sell these too early the red and
the blue the 1990s and the birth of
political tribalism is coming out
October 2nd something tells me there may
be another mention of the book as we get
closer but Steve I know this is your
thing well thank you for that Brian I
appreciate that yes the parallels
between what we're talking about right
now and what happened around the same
time in 1998 they are unmissable what
has got all this talk stirred up this
week headlines like this as you say
Michael Cohen implicating Donald Trump
in a crime the crime would be a
conspiracy to break campaign finance law
to cover up a politically damaging
affair and the accusation 20 years ago
about Bill Clinton was that he committed
a crime the crime of perjury the crime
of suborning perjury encouraging others
to commit perjury to do what to cover up
an extramarital affair that would be
politically damaging that might take
down Clinton's presidency so of course
that kicked off the impeachment drama
with Clinton Clinton survived how did he
survive why
he survived what does that tell us about
Trump situation now well number one
there was this when the Lewinsky story
just the accusation of an affair when
that broke Clinton was already very
popular he was at nearly 60% in the
polls
folks said well guess what now that this
is out of the bag the numbers are gonna
crash they didn't crash they kept going
up Clinton was forced in the summer of
98 to admit to the affair
his popularity actually got higher
September 98 almost exactly 20 years ago
Ken Starr came out with report that
formally accused the president of a
crime committing perjury Clinton's
numbers went up they had the midterm
election in the fall of 98 the white
house party we tell you every time where
I miss doing election previews this year
the white house party always loses the
loser seats they gained seats that told
folks that there was a backlash against
the idea of impeaching Clinton and this
is this is the bottom line story of 1998
at the end of that year when impeachment
was being pushed by Republicans the
question was asked did the president of
the United States commit a crime the
vast majority of Americans said yes Bill
Clinton committed a crime he committed
perjury those same Americans were asked
okay he committed a crime should he be
impeached in the vast majority their
58-37 the margin said no so Republicans
had the votes to impeach they needed
Democrats to go along to convict and
Democrats look at those numbers they
looked at that election and they said
nope no need for us to bolt on this
president and Bill Clinton survived
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
