we have breaking news at this hour
expressed in this headline in the New
York Times tonight Manhattan da i's
criminal charges against the Trump
Organization this is because of the
revelations Tuesday in federal court
that Michael Cohen was paid 420 thousand
dollars in legal fees what was labeled
legal fees by the Trump Organization to
cover for the payment of hush money to
stormy Daniels legal fees of course
being deduct tax deductible to a
business if the business did tack deduct
those as legal fees that would be
criminal tax violation and there are
other business records violations that
are particular to New York state law if
the business included fraudulent entries
in their bookkeeping about those
payments we are joined now by Michael
avenatti the attorney for stormy Daniels
and Michael once again tonight we have
this New York Times report of a new
criminal legal investigation of Donald
Trump and Donald Trump's business
because of the payments to stormy
Daniels that you have helped make public
well you know Lawrence what would we do
without all of quote this thinking
closed crook to quote the president's
interview I mean it's it's truly amazing
you know when I think about the great
philosophers and the great thinkers in
history I think of Socrates in Plato and
and obviously Donald Trump I mean
there's no question that he goes with
the other two you know what what's
amazing Lawrence is quote this thinking
close quote is ultimately going to be
the downfall of this president this is
crumbling around him this criminal
enterprise that he led for so many years
the people that he surrounded himself
with the actions that they undertook all
of this is unraveling at a breakneck
pace and it's only going to get quicker
it's only going to get faster in the
coming weeks and
in my view now the discovery in your
civil lawsuit against Donald Trump and
Michael Cohen was stopped by the judge
pending the outcome of the criminal case
involving Michael Cohen it's your
position now that that case is complete
and you're gonna now ask the judge to go
forward with your discovery which is to
say go forward with issuing a subpoena
for a deposition to the President of the
United States what's going to happen
next well you're absolutely right on
September 10th we're going to have a
hearing in Los Angeles and I'm going to
demand that the case be restarted or
allowed to proceed I want to take a
deposition of Michael Cohen under oath I
then want to proceed forthwith with a
deposition of Donald Trump under oath
and I want to ask them the questions
that all of us want to know the answers
to namely what was the flow of the money
what did the president know what did he
communicate with Michael Cohen about how
did they handle the funneling of the
money how was it decided that it would
be four hundred thirty thousand dollars
the president is going to have a lot of
explaining to do Lawrence and I've taken
a lot of depositions in my career but I
will tell you I am counting the days to
this deposition we might even use that
Air Force one video and ask him to
explain those comments in light of what
we know now to be the facts and based on
the court's ruling and Bill Clinton's
dealing with a similar civil subpoenas
in a civil lawsuit involving Paula Jones
the precedent is that the courts do
require the President to submit to a
deposition like this you're absolutely
right we have solid precedent from the
US Supreme Court in the case of Jones V
Clinton we all know what that resulted
in I don't think I don't think the
president's gonna have a leg to stand on
relating to attempting to avoid this
deposition I think there's little
question we're gonna get Michael Cohen's
deposition in light of the plea that he
entered two days ago in New York and I
think that we have only scratched the
surface relating to the amount of
evidence and the facts that are going to
come to light as to what really happened
here and what Michael Cohen what
information he conveyed to the
president and what the president
conveyed to Michael Cohen Michael Emma
naughty thank you very much for joining
us tonight
appreciate it Thank You Lawrence thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
