all right we have breaking news to tell
you about a Russian woman has been
charged with an attempt to meddle in the
2018 midterm election the charges allege
that she was using social media
platforms to create thousands of social
media and email accounts appearing to be
from people in the US to create divisive
social and political content joining me
from outside the courthouse in
Alexandria Virginia NBC News justice
correspondent Pete Williams well peaches
tell us everything you know about this
place and I'm here because this is where
the charges have been filed and this
perhaps gives you a little more
perspective on what you were just
discussing that statement from the
intelligence community about be careful
what you read but these charges say a
woman in st. Petersburg who works for an
accountant for a firm that was
previously charged with Russian election
meddling and being involved in election
meddling in the 2016 election that this
woman was involved in an effort to
meddle in this year's midterm elections
her name is Elena Khushi Innova she's 44
she's from st. Petersburg now she's been
charged here but obviously she's not in
the United States so she's not under
arrest but what the charges say is that
for the past several months she's used
social media platforms and internet
websites to create these false websites
and email accounts and other entities
purporting to be from Americans
attacking American politicians
discussing issues in the campaign race
relations gun control immigration gay
rights the charges say that these false
postings on the Internet don't take one
single point of view but seem to attack
it from various sides all intended to
undermine the election now let me give
you some examples of what they say where
the false memes here's one that's posted
that says every deported illegal
household saves taxpayers seven hundred
thousand dollars this is why it's very
important to keep families together as
they are being deported now again this
is what the charges say this woman
helped to put on the internet claiming
to be from Americans but not here
another one that says Obama for the
first five months created three billion
dollars in new regulations President
Trump for the first five months wiped
away twenty two billion dollars worth of
regulations and another that shows this
sinister-looking person saying no cult
pretending to be a religion should ever
be given the freedom to exist within the
same Western countries that they are
taught to hate so to to lessons that
come out of this first of all this is
not brought by Robert Muller's
prosecutors this is not part of the
Special Counsel investigation for a
couple of reasons the month the main one
is we're told by federal officials this
involves attempts to meddle in the 2018
election the special counsels job is to
investigate potential meddling in the
2016 presidential election and secondly
the reason it's it's the second point to
know about this is it reinforces what
the government has been saying and just
in this statement that came out earlier
today but has been saying from
who metal in the election to try to get
into state voting systems to try to
plant phony information are persistent
and that they still see a lot of this
coming out of Russia so P not the charge
is not being brought by Muller these are
these are federal charges are these
charges would have been brought in
consultation with Trump's Justice
Department with it with the Trump
administration oh absolutely this is the
Justice Department this is the US
Attorney here in the Eastern District of
Virginia that brought these charges so
this is right this is the Trump Justice
Department of the same one that that now
I think there there may have been some
consultation with Muller's prosecutors
because again of the overlap here what
the charges say is that this woman was
an accountant for a company called
Concorde Concorde was one of the
companies mentioned in the July
indictment that was hounded handed down
by Robert Muller's prosecutors claiming
attempts to meddle in the 2016 election
Concorde is a company by the way that
has robustly decided to defend itself
against those charges unlike the other
Russians that were named in that July
indictment but this is a separate
criminal case and the reason it's
brought in at least mr. Virginia we're
told is that a lot of the internet
traffic flowed through the Virginia is a
huge sort of internet connection point
and some of these things were popped up
here for the first time in Virginia okay
Pete Williams outside the courthouse
there in Alexander you have a obviously
entry excuse me Pete thank you for that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
