please turn up the volume for this I
want you to turn to an issue that we
don't talk about nearly enough not here
at least when you look at this photo
this beautiful photo you might think
mother daughter sister friend that right
there is Madelyn Lynn Sameer she was all
of those things she was also a drug
addict who lost her life when she was
just thirty years old following a long
addiction to oxycontin her obituary
which was written by a family member it
caught my eye it went viral and it read
in part quote it is impossible to
capture a person in an obituary
especially someone whose adult life was
largely defined by drug addiction to
some Matt he was a junkie when they saw
her addiction they stopped seeing her
and what a loss for them because Maddie
was hilarious and warm and fearless and
resilient many shared Madeline's story
offering her family words of
encouragement and support but then we
saw something else the police chief from
Maddie's hometown
Brandon del Pozo authored a response
that struck a very different tone he
wrote quote why did it take a grieving
relative with a good literary sense to
get people to pay attention for a moment
and shed a tear when nearly a quarter of
a million people have already died in
the same way and what about the rest of
the victims who were not as beautiful
and lived in downtrodden cities or the
Rust Belt Brandon del Pozo is the chief
of police in Burlington Vermont
he's also an 18-year veteran of the NYPD
and he knows this issue all too well I'm
honored that he joins us now Brennan
thank you for your life's work thank you
for what you wrote her oh thank you very
much Stephanie clearly struck a chord
with so many of us but it struck a chord
with you too why well you know one of
the things that cops will tell you is
that this happens all the time that
women like Maddie are dying every day
and it there are so many things we could
be doing about it that just actually are
going undone and when People magazine
picked up the story that was a turning
point for me because that is a magazine
that doesn't like to talk about ugly
difficult things but they did and it
took Maddie to do it and I said why did
it take so long this should have been
talked about years ago
so walk us through that I mean you have
seen firsthand how much damage the
opioid crisis has already caused to
communities across the country and let's
share a few numbers from 1999 to 2016
more than 200,000 people in the United
States died from overdoses related to
prescription opioids those are massive
numbers and to your exact point it took
a People magazine article for me it was
seeing that picture of a beautiful
mother why aren't we talking more about
it I think that it's something that if
it's we can sweep it under the rug we
will because it's a difficult topic to
to address but we can't look away from
it any longer
each year in the last few years more
Americans have died from overdoses than
we lost in the entire Vietnam War it's
the number one thing that's accidentally
killing Americans every day all right
well I want to talk about your post
because critics say that some of the
solutions that you outlined address the
symptoms of the problem not the cause
and one is the use of naloxone now this
is a drug that people aren't familiar
that is used to reverse the effects of
an overdose in case of an emergency are
those critics right the critics who are
saying you're just trying to fix things
when someone faces an overdose how
stopping it before we get there hey
listen I'm a cop I don't just I just
don't understand the idea that
somebody's dying and calling for help
and we're not going to go and do what it
takes to save their life naloxone saves
lives buprenorphine saves lives
methadone saves lives from somebody's
suffering from diabetes we don't say
tough I'm not giving you the medicine
you need for the rest of your life you
give them the medicine that keeps them
alive however imperfect that may be
you've concluded your post by urging
readers to get to work what does that
mean what can people really do I think
the science and the medicine is out
there I think that city governments our
mayor here in Burlington mayor
Weinberger has fearlessly taken the lead
on this issue had a lot of difficult
conversations work closely with the
hospital with the prison system with the
needle exchange to get the right science
and medicine in place to actually make a
difference hopefully we just started a
lot of pilots and they will people need
to demand more from their elected
officials and their leaders the science
and medicine is clear but it's hard and
if people demand the right things I
think that elected officials will
respond can we just talk about you and
your life's work for just a moment you
are one great American Dartmouth
undergrad Harvard grad 18 years with the
New York City Police Department and now
there you are the chief of police in
Vermont why do you do the work you do
what drives you we talked so much about
all the negatives and this is obviously
a negative story but you and your
devotion to helping people and saving
people is extraordinary
listen I mean it's some level it's a
calling I just swore in a deputy chief
John Muir ad yesterday he went through
several years in the NYPD went into the
private sector made a lot of money and
said I just don't care about the money I
want to come back put a uniform on and
make a difference I think that when
Americans feel that they can trust their
police leaders like they can trust their
Police Department's they can trust their
mayors when they feel that that there's
a government out there that's really
working for them compassionately to help
them and save their lives and do the
best I think that people love that in
their DNA and I think that the ability
to do that type of work just I don't
need why I don't understand why I have
to explain that well I certainly
appreciate that you just did this maybe
you're calling and we're luckier for it
I appreciate it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
