some more breaking news right now one of
the jurors in the po-man afford case
just got off the phone with NBC's Ken
Delaney and Ken joining me now from
Washington ken what did she say her name
is Paula Duncan Craig and this was one
of the most interesting interviews I've
conducted in a long time because she is
a bundle of contradictions she is a
Donald Trump supporter an ardent Trump
supporter she owns a read make America
great again hat that she said she kept
in her car didn't didn't wear it into
court obviously she said she was vague
about her political leanings which is
probably one reason she was allowed on
the jury and she still believes that the
Robert Mullins is a witch hunt and that
Paul Manafort was a pawn but she said
the evidence was overwhelming that mana
fort was guilty and she said that 11 of
12 jurors wanted to convict him on all
counts all 18 counts against him but
there was one lone holdout another
female juror she said who couldn't be
convinced and I asked her was this
person also a trump supporter and she
said she didn't think so
based on her conversations about
politics with that person it was just a
woman who didn't want to convict on
certain counts and thought there were
reasonable doubts and really according
to Paula Duncan could not explain her
reasoning for why she wouldn't convict
on all counts but as for Duncan her
position is look I wanted Paul man
afford to be innocent but he just wasn't
he was guilty and it was obvious and
there was a lot of evidence to suggest
that and even though she's a trump
supporter believes Trump's a great
president believes in fact the Paul
Manafort was a good political strategist
she also believes he was guilty of tax
fraud and bank fraud and she voted to
convict him Frank
so to be clear here Ken she believes
that that metaphor it was guilty of sin
but that he's also a pawn and in some
sort of grand scheme but but I think I
also hear you saying but you had a bunch
of jurors sitting around talking about
their politics as well well I'm not sure
it was more subtle than that Craig she
said you know in discussions over the
course of a two-week trial you get a
sense of someone's pause that's what she
explained to me I think this is so
interesting because you know look a lot
of what this juror Paul Duncan believes
about the Muller investigation and she
she said she doesn't follow it very
closely a lot of it may be mistaken she
doesn't have all the information she
thinks it's a witch hunt but it shows
that somebody like that can be persuaded
she sat through a 12 day trial where the
government
in a mountain of evidence of against
Paul Manafort and she agreed despite her
political views that he was guilty and
she voted to convict him I find that
fascinating
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
