president Donald Trump gives himself an
A+ A+ it's not the first time he's done
it by the way what grade do you give
yourself so far so I give myself an A+ I
don't think any president has ever done
what I've done I give myself an A+ in
Texas and in Florida we get an A+ and
I'll tell you what I think we've done
just as good in Puerto Rico I would give
myself an A+ nobody has done what I've
been able to do and I did it despite the
fact that I have a phony cloud over my
head that doesn't exist joining me now
is Republican strategist Rick Wilson
Rick you give me an A+ you know I think
the best I'm gonna give him Ally is a
participation trophy you know look
Donald Trump is a great self-promoter
but there's a level of delusion that
comes from from from this guy sometimes
it just defies comedy even let's talk
about the problem with that though
because if we're not in the least able
to be self-critical you know this is a
problem the world is sort of closing in
on Donald Trump on a million different
fronts right now which we'd be showering
for the last few weeks at some point
there might be some redemption in being
able to say all right I get it
I don't surround myself with the best
people yeah I did say that yeah that was
really bad I shouldn't have done that
but the inability of him to do any of
that stuff and then move straight into
threats and and criticism really does
sort of harden the opposition to the
president in that this guy can't be
trusted with important things because he
sort of lies about everything and
doesn't actually understand where he's
getting things wrong
sure look introspection is not Donald
Trump's strong point and unfortunately
when you're the president of the United
States you need to be able to look at
the broader picture beyond your own
personal interest your own self-interest
your own ego your own your own needs and
and and make judgments about your
leadership and if you think that you've
only gotten gold stars and only gotten a
pluses you're not going to ever change
anything and I think there are there a
majority of Americans are certainly
concerned about Donald Trump's
leadership on a whole variety of fronts
yes
the folks that support him they think he
can do no wrong but the rest of America
is worried that this is a guy who's not
terribly stable
I mean look waking up in the middle of
the night to tweet in all caps is not a
sign of confident leadership it's a sign
of a terrified old man who feels the
walls closing in this is a guy who who
like I said there's no introspection
here and I wouldn't expect you to come
because I think he's basically a bluffer
and he's gonna continue to try to double
down on this on this I'm perfect the
rest of you are lying
theory and regardless of the facts of
the cases your your book is called
everything Trump touches dies and the
everything that is you know really we're
hoping that's not America but the
Republican Party a party of which you
have been a member we are seeing some
Republicans very very few Congressman
Tom Cole told the New York Times that
where there's smoke there's a lot of
smoke there may well be a fire but
generally speaking we're not seeing
Republicans break from Donald Trump in
the way that at around this time into
the Nixon administration when Watergate
was big we were starting to see
Republicans move away because Nixon was
becoming an albatross there's no
politics here that it's different sure
look the future of the Republican Party
is as a big gamble right now it has
become this party of Trump and it's got
a self-reinforcing media silo it's got
the Fox News side and the and the
Breitbart and the online you know cheer
sections for Trump that now sort of
terrify rank-and-file Republicans from
saying anything about this guy they're
afraid of his social media power and so
you end up in a situation where where
the the party has become subsumed by
Trump's fortunes whether they rise or
fall and and they like I said it's it's
a big bet that they've met I think it's
a terrible bet because I think my theory
plays out constantly and consistently I
mean just you know Paul Manafort and
Michael Cohen on paper should now be
masters of the universe but instead
they're both convicted or they're both
admitted felons yeah so Rick can you
ever get your party back you know what
it's gonna take a really hard shock it's
gonna take some really serious work and
it's gonna take some some introspection
on the part of leaders who who so
quickly collapse
in front of Trump because they thought
that the this nationalist populism and
statism that he advocates is going to be
the wave of the future
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
