as the president has stated on numerous
occasions he did nothing wrong there are
no charges against him in this and just
because Michael Cohen made a plea deal
doesn't mean that that implicates the
President on anything welcome back
well White House press secretary Sarah
Sanders is right when she said today
that there are no charges against the
president but the part about Cohen's
plea deal not implicating the President
on anything well that's dead wrong
because as we've said that's exactly
what Cohen's plea deal did president's
former lawyer pleaded guilty to
violating campaign finance law with hush
payments to women and said then
candidate Trump went and the plea deal
says a federal candidate because it
can't name him told him to do it right
before the 2016 election I'm joined now
by Lanny Davis he's the lawyer for
Michael Cohen mr. Davis I hope I hope
you've been able to at least take a walk
around the building they're at 400 orth
Kappa throughout the day that's lots of
coffee let me let me start with this I
keep hearing the words deal deal deal
plea deal Michael Cohen still is facing
jail time Michael Cohen does not have
immunity from anything Michael Cohen
isn't has other things what deal did you
cut explain what the deal is when I hear
the words deal what makes it a deal I
have no idea he pled guilty in a
collaborative statement with the federal
prosecutors he admitted at the direction
and coordination with his client Donald
Trump not named but that's who is
referred to this is the wording that the
prosecutors and Michael Cohen agreed he
would say to the judge under oath at the
direction and coordination of the
candidate and what did he get in return
a promise of a lesser sentence what did
he get in return nothing he has said I
will tell the truth whoever asked me to
appear but you've done that in return
for anything is this told me okay let me
ask you this is this a deal in order to
make a deal no is he hoping to get
something in the future from the feds is
he hoping that it
has more information that will help him
get a less jail time no he said in court
under oath using words provided and
corroborated by prosecutors that the
president of United States committed a
felony that's exactly what he said I
don't know what miss Sanders is talking
about if he's guilty of doing what his
client tells him to do which is to pay
money to keep somebody salad for the
principle purpose of political effect
that's a crime that's a felony if that's
guilty then the client who instructed
and coordinated him doing that and
hiding the fact that he was behind it is
also guilty of the same crime there's no
way to escape that conclusion and no
deal all right let me ask you a few
questions about you have you've teased
out that he has some interesting things
to say to prosecutors in New York
prosecutors in Washington DC including
mr. Muller first let me asked about in
New York I know there's a subpoena that
was issued by the state of New York
involving their investigation into the
to the charitable aspects of the Trump
foundation they issued the subpoena
today is Michael Cohen going to comply
of course
I received a phone call about receiving
the subpoena I referred it to my cohort
Skye Petrillo who is the kernel defense
lawyer who handled the case for Michael
with the prosecutors and it will be
received and accepted in New York but
mr. Cohen will accept subpoenas he will
do exactly as he did with the FBI agents
who raided on a Sunday morning
everything he ever possessed including
his children's cell phones
he thanked them for being polite and
when he was processed and through the
court house he thanked the individual
marshals for being polite
that's who Michael Cohen is do you
believe he's still under investigation
by the Southern District of New York or
by robert muller when it comes to things
like his relationship with Novartis or
AT&T and what may have been promised
first of all I don't know what you mean
by relationship he had clients is only
innuendo it suggests I wasn't trying to
anyone no no
you accusing is he still enough negation
for that not that I'm aware of the
answer is no he made a plea of guilty so
that does that mean FDNY promised they
weren't going to pursue the pay-to-play
allegations no promises about the future
no commitments or deals he took
responsibility and pled guilty and I am
again giving you the big story I
understand I understand story as
president Trump is guilty of a felony
according to the Southern District of
New York prosecutors and by the way
until T plea do they have more than just
michael Cohen's word do they have
physical evidence in addition that that
helps that helps corroborate Michael
Cohen's testimony the Trump Organization
and the spokesman mr. Giuliani has
already stated publicly that the
$130,000 payment was made
despite Miss Hicks the campaign
spokesman Sanders and everybody does the
SDN why have physical evidence in their
hands that or is this still on Michael
Cohen's word versus the president's word
if I was trying to give you your answer
Chuck the answer is number one the Trump
team and mr. Giuliani have admitted that
the money was paid number two there is
physical and electronic evidence that
the money was paid to miss Daniels from
the Trump conduit who was mr. Cohen and
it's all documented so the answer is if
you're looking for a documentary
electronic evidence that the money was
paid two weeks from the election for the
principle purpose of avoiding the bad
publicity that is documented in the case
yes
Dede can you say that Michael Cohen
consulted with anybody else on the
campaign other than mr. Trump consulted
about making those payments yes sir
there were other people involved
some of them named individual one
individual
from the campaign some named as people
within the Trump Organization without
their names attached so there were other
people involved in the chain of events
just to remind your viewers it's pretty
simple one hundred and thirty thousand
dollars needs to be paid to miss Daniels
mr. Trump directed personally him - mr.
Cohen - thirty thousand dollars and it's
all documented by the prosecutors but do
they have an evidence on the on one
specific charge this idea that President
Trump then candidate Trump directed
Michael Cohen to do this other than
Michael Cohen's word that the president
directed him to do this do they have
other physical evidence that the
president directed Michael Cohen I
understand the physical evidence of the
of the money transfers and all of that
but does he have evidence is it is it
more taped conversations is that the
evidence
well the prosecutors may have evidence
they haven't revealed all I've read is a
criminal information in which they state
that there are individuals from the
Trump campaign and from the Trump
Organization who were involved in mr.
Giuliani said yes mr. Trump knew that he
had to reimburse mr. Cohen for the
advance made for this payment is there
any independent evidence that mr. Trump
said to mr. Cohen you need to do this I
don't want to do this that may come down
to mr. Cohen's word versus mr. Trump's
and after just now that there's a guilty
plea wait to see whether mr. Trump is
willing under oath to say what mr. Cohen
said under oath which is that he was
directed by mr. Trump to do this has the
Southern District of New York released
Michael Cohen to the point of if
Congress wants him to testify tomorrow
which you said he'd do so without
immunity let's say he got invited to
that either the senator the House
Judiciary Committee to testify tomorrow
could he do that would the Southern
District let him do that or are they not
done with him yet I really don't know
the explicit answer but I think there's
an implied answer he is allowed to
travel to Washington under the terms of
whatever arrangements have been made
and it strikes me that they would not
block a congressional request but I
don't know specifically whether that's
true Chuck can you say definitively
whether you know if Michael Cohen ever
was in Prague in 2016
never never in Prague did I make that
never never never never ever ever and
the reason just to let your viewers know
we're talking about is that the dossier
so-called mentions his name 14 times one
of which is a meeting with Russians in
Prague 14 times false it was posted as a
extensive letter rebutting but about
Prague which is an illusion and that's
been repainted in all confidently the
answer is no never
all right one other thing to clear up
yesterday the Senate chair and
vice-chair the Intel committee said that
they understood they'd been in contact
with you and I assume it's you the
lawyers and mr. Cohen about perhaps new
testimony involving the infamous Trump
Tower meeting you had said that he had
information on that but the two senators
said that mr. Cohen's testimony that he
stands by it and doesn't change which
means he what you know does he have
information about that meeting or not
and should it is it accurate that his
testimony shouldn't is his testimony
that he gave six months ago to the
Senate Intel committee is still accurate
the testimony was accurate you noted
something that I said in fact what I
said was I'm not the source and I can't
confirm that story and at some point all
of the story will be able to be told I
can't go into it any further now but his
testimony was accurate Lanny Davis I
will leave it there attorney one of the
attorneys for Michael : thanks for
coming ah much appreciate you Jenna
