amid all that's going on President Trump
has decided to wait into South African
race politics while evidently watching
cable news last night the president
tweeted at one Network quote I've asked
Secretary of State Pompeo to closely
study the South Africa land and farm
seizures and expropriations and the
large-scale killing of farmers South
African government is now seizing land
from white farmers South Africa is
currently considering a plan to allow
land seizures without compensation as a
way to address old apartheid policies
and statistics show that violence
against South African farmers is
actually drastically decreasing per the
South African male and Guardian this is
all part of a racist conspiracy theory
that has long been a rallying cry among
white nationalists and the roots of it
can be traced back to an extremist
far-right wing group who describes
itself as preparing for a coming violent
race revolution to prevent a quote white
genocide the group has reportedly met
with far-right groups and media contacts
in the u.s. in an effort to garner
support the South African government has
responded to Trump's tweet quote South
Africa totally rejects this narrow
perception which only seeks to divide
our nation and reminds us of our
colonial past so he divides our country
and now he's working on others edit
cloud and then Sam jump in and Eddie you
first well this is consistent look the
only words we get out of Donald Trump's
mouth of mouth about predominantly
african african countries or african
descended countries is at their asshole
countries or in this instance he's he's
really trafficking and conspiracy
theories to kind of in some ways feed
red meat to his base this is nonsense
it's silly but it's all it's consistent
with the kind of cultural warrior that
he is because on at the same time that
he's doing this with regards to south
african white farmers i think two of
them perhaps might have been killed in
some instance with the majority of folks
who have been subject
any kind of violinist of non-white
farmers in this instance
he's also shall we say playing the card
with regards to the Mali Tibbett murder
this horrific exam this horrific murder
in Iowa he's saying that this is a
result of not having the wall here this
is a morally based man who will do
anything to protect himself and to
divert attention from the fact that he
has been noted as an unindicted
co-conspirator in a felony so this is
just an example of how bad he is as a
human being I think it's even a little
bit more pernicious than that because
here we have a case where it's pretty
evident that he has no clue what the
policy is or he didn't have a clue what
the policy was and he weighed in on it
based on a cable news segment that he
saw vzv Tucker Carlson if you think
about if you step back the president is
watching Fox News and decides you know
what I'm gonna weigh into world affairs
like this on Twitter that that's a
really odd way to conduct international
diplomacy and yet the policy is or what
Tucker was talking about has roots in
white nationalists online forums
basically it's a relic of the early 20th
century when land was taken from black
farmers they're trying to reverse those
wrongs it wasn't it wasn't really a move
fast enough in recent years and so
they're trying to actually get land back
to black farmers there are debates over
whether and how they're doing it but you
know the idea that this is reverse
racism against white farmers ignores
basically the last century of history I
just think it's really damaging for
Trump to weigh in on policy in this
matter and I will know one thing this is
the first time as president that he's
tweeted about Africa or use the word
Africa in a tweet and for him to do it
in this fashion is particularly gross
so predictions yesterday morning was
that he would jump into the arms of Fox
hosts and that he would tweet about a
foreign country trying to deflect but
strangely the news headlines are so big
and so serious and the facts are so
strong that the deflections don't appear
to be working coming up investigators in
New York subpoena michael cohen for
information on its investigation into
the trump foundation will talk to the
washington post reporter who won a
Pulitzer for his reporting on the Trump
foundation David Farenthold Morning Joe
is coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
