day 580 of the Trump administration one
day after Donald Trump was implicated in
a crime in federal court by his longtime
former personal lawyer one day after his
former campaign chairman was convicted
in federal court the Washington Post
reports tonight on that quote at least
for now at least for a day Trump
resisted lashing out in a dramatic and
public way instead Wednesday was a
moment for calculation and conversation
a pause for a rattled administration
according to White House officials and
outside advisors familiar with the
discussions Michael Cohen's lawyer is
making it clear his client is ready
willing and able to share what he knows
with Robert Muller Associated Press
reporter Jonathan Lemire who's standing
by to talk with us tonight captures the
state of affairs in his latest titled
more dirt on president Trump question
mark Cohen's lawyers suggest so Cohen
attorney Lanny Davis made a series of
television appearances today here's what
he said this morning is he hoping for a
pardon from President Trump not only is
he not hoping for he would not accept a
pardon he considers a pardon from
somebody who has acted so corruptly as
president to be something he would never
accept earlier this evening Davis seemed
to dial things back a bit particular
with its particularly with regard to
previous reporting about what Cohen was
prepared to tell the special counsel
about president Trump and that meeting
at Trump Tower
so Michael Cohen does not have
information that President Trump knew
about the Trump Tower meeting with the
Russians beforehand or you know does not
at some point mr. Cohen
might be able to be useful to the
special council about whether President
Trump knew ahead of time about the
hacking of the Hillary Clinton emails
and it's not a certainty the way he
calls it may or may not be useful to mr.
Muller
you can tell perhaps the hour is late
it's been a long week already and people
are exhausted Trump did respond to
Michael Cohen's plea today this morning
he wrote if anyone is looking for a good
lawyer I would strongly suggest that you
don't retain the services of Michael
Cohen and Michael Cohen plead guilty to
two counts of campaign finance
violations that are not a crime
President Obama had a big campaign
finance violation and it was easily
settled Trump also spoke to Fox News
about his relationship with Michael
Cohen it was a lawyer for me for one of
many you know they would say the lawyer
and then they like to add the fixer well
I don't know if it was a fixer I don't
know where that term came from but he's
been a lawyer from they didn't do big
deals did small deals not somebody that
was with me that much you know they make
it sound like I didn't live with without
him I understood Michael cone very well
he what turned out he wasn't a very good
lawyer
frankly but he was somebody that was
probably with me for about ten years and
I would see him sometimes he then
followed that with a denial of Cohen's
accusation did you know about the
payments later on I knew later on but
you have to understand easily what he
did and they weren't taken out of
campaign finance that's a big thing
that's a much bigger thing did they come
out of the campaign they didn't come out
of the campaign they came from me and I
waited about it you know I put that I
don't know if you know but I tweeted
about the payments president's saying
there he learned about the payments
later on that would seem to contradict
the audio recording the Kohen made while
discussing the payment with the
president I spoke to Alan about it when
it comes time for the financing which
and that recording seemed to contradict
the president's answer about the
payments on board Air Force One
take this all together this being the
President of the United States after all
the Washington Post called out the
president for his various explanations
about these payments tonight calling
them lies nevertheless at the White
House today press secretary Sarah
Sanders gave a repeated defense of the
president as the president said we've
stated many times he did nothing wrong
there are no charges against him just
because Michael Cohen made a plea deal
doesn't mean that that implicates the
President on anything the president did
nothing wrong there are no charges
against him not going to give you a
different answer the president has done
nothing wrong there are no charges
against him there is no collusion that's
what I can tell you about this the
president has not forgotten about Paul
Manafort who was convicted yesterday of
banking and tax fraud and now faces
another trial next month
Trump writing this as a show of support
quote a large number of counts 10 could
not even be decided in the Paul Manafort
case witch-hunt I feel very badly for
Paul Manafort and his wonderful family
justice in quotes took a 12 year-old tax
case among other things applied
tremendous pressure on him and unlike
Michael Cohen he refused to break Sammy
the bull Gravano style make up stories
in order to get a deal such respect for
a brave man tonight the president also
said this when asked if he was
considering pardoning Paul Manafort I
have great respect for what he's done in
terms of what he's gone through you know
he worked for Ronald Reagan for years he
worked for Bob Dole he worked I guess
his firm work for McCain he worked for
many many people many many years and I
would say what he did some of the
charges they threw against him every
consultant every lobbyist in Washington
probably does let's bring in our leadoff
panel for a Wednesday night the
aforementioned Jonathan Lemire White
House reporter for The Associated Press
Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for The New York Times and
Carole lenok is back with us Pulitzer
prize-winning investigative reporter for
The Washington Post good evening to the
three of you and welcome Jonathan Lemire
you were inside the west wing for the
splitscreen day we had yesterday
what can you report about what that was
like
and what
today was like there so this is a West
Wing that has become accustomed to bad
headlines but yesterday was a
particularly striking one it was it was
a day from from the hip for the history
books seeing that image the dual images
of Cohen in court
man afford in court both of them getting
the word guilty attach their names The
West Wing sort of went silent doors were
closed aids disappeared there was no
immediate response eventually we got a
very terse two sentence response from
Sarah Sanders sort of yes about what
reaction to what those davone's in the
moment this is a white house that is
still reeling and it's gone to the
President as well according to our
reporting he's been far more subdued the
last day or so sort of distracted angry
behind closed doors about what has
happened particularly on the Cohen
matter he was able to sort of maintain
its discipline last night at the rally
in fact he didn't even speak about
either man while on stage in West
Virginia but today of course we saw him
start venting started on Twitter
including the tweet about if you're
looking for a good lawyer don't go to
Michael Cohen which i think is one of
his better efforts of late and then you
know he continued it onward and then we
had the moment of course Sarah Sanders
at the podium today sort of just this
rote sort of repetition of just the
president do anything wrong he's not
charged with a crime which if I don't
think is Alayne many concerns the issue
is ordered our reporting there's not
much of a battle plan there yet they
sort they put together some talking
points they barely circulated them yo
Rudy Giuliani is currently golfing in
Scotland and was relatively m.i.a today
compared to what he usually is when he's
trying to hit back against something
threatening the president they are still
reeling they're trying to figure this
out they're trying to determine the
scope of the damage that is still coming
Peter Baker your newspaper as well also
with fresh reporting tonight that this
was a consequential event yesterday two
of them actually and this is a subdued
president adding to the sense the the
the feeling of moment no question about
it this is a day that sort of put the
question of impeachment on the table in
a way it hadn't been before any White
House of course would be reeling as
Jonathan describes given that political
reality not that the Republican Congress
is going to necessarily take up that
kind of action against this but it
reinforces the consequences and the
stakes involved in this fall midterm
elections that now is on the table
allegations against the president they
go beyond just the Russia case where
there has been you know no firm
conclusion by prosecutors yet of you
know allegations the president has done
so I've been participated in something
that is a crime by his personal lawyer
that changes things and now for the next
two months until the election you're
gonna hear a lot of discussion about
what the proper remedy is that Sarah
sander says the president hasn't been
charged with any crimes remember this is
the same way as I said the president
can't be charged with any crimes it
under the Constitution their theory
anyway and Justice Department prevailing
policy as president is not capable of
being indicted while in office so when
she says he's not charging any crimes
that's not really telling us anything
the real question again comes to
Congress and the political process in
the midterms that are being held in the
next couple months Carole inning you've
covered law enforcement and things
justice for a long time perhaps without
even knowing how exciting the beat might
become someday so you have your own
reporting for The Washington Post
tonight on Michael Cohen specifically
walk us through the condensed version of
what he might know and what might have
motivated this decision by him what he
might know is something his attorney has
described in many different ways over
the course even of today so sometimes
that's a moving target Brian but as for
what has happened with his plea
agreement it came together rather
rapidly starting after basically late
July it's not very common for a plea
agreement to come together in two three
four weeks but that's really what
happened here and he was under a lot of
pressure he was facing potentially
decades in prison based on charges that
he lied on numerous Bank forms line of
credit he'd lied to get you know
millions of dollars in loans and he also
faced the potential threat that his
family was in danger because some of
those loans were ones his his wife might
have actually been a part of or a party
to
and what he decided and a lot of people
would say he made the right call when he
decided was to go for the cap on the
amount of time he'd spend in prison
instead of 40 or 50 years as Rudy
Giuliani said to me today he's limited
this to five and he's agreed to plead to
three different categories of charges
and the honestly the weakest of the
charges is the most explosive the
campaign finance violations hey they're
armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
