we have breaking news tonight from the
President of the United States in an
interview with Fox News that will air in
its entirety tomorrow the president
confessed that he was wrong when he said
that he hired the best people I
understood Michael Kohn very well he
what turned out he wasn't a very good
lawyer frankly but he was somebody that
was probably with me for about ten years
we will have more of what the President
had to say to Fox News later in the hour
but first whatever happened to the best
people we're gonna use our best people
the best people I know guys that are so
good the best people we've got the best
paper I know the best people president
Trump's first thought today which was
expressed in his first tweet this
morning was about one of those best
people he said if anyone is looking for
a good lawyer I would strongly suggest
that you don't retain the services of
Michael Cohen
like all gone from tweets that one was
directed only at his most fervent
supporters the rest of us know how
absurd that tweet is on its face and
like all Trump tweets it is completely
Anand offensively absurd but what are
the remaining Trump supporters supposed
to do with that tweet and what the
president just said on Fox News about
Michael Cohen not being a good lawyer do
they have a shelf in their brains where
they can put that tweet right beside
Donald Trump saying I hire the best
people can they put what Donald Trump
just said on Fox News about Michael
Cohen not being a good lawyer
right beside that spot where they've got
Donald Trump saying I hire the best
people at what point will there be no
more room in the minds of Trump
supporters for all of these self
contradictory messages that Donald Trump
has put there at what point will half of
them or even just one-fourth of them
lose the strength to hold all those
contradictions in their heads
the same time when will they lose that
strength then just give up give up on
Donald Trump because if that happens if
half of Donald Trump's fervent
supporters reach the point where they
just can't take it anymore can't take
another lie about how he arranged a
payoff to a porn star then we know how
the Trump presidency is going to end the
president will be removed from office
after an impeachment trial in the United
States Senate or like Nixon before him
he will resign from office before being
convicted in the Senate and I mean being
convicted by Republican senators because
if Donald Trump uses anywhere between
1/4 and 1/2 of his fervent Republican
base the bottom will fall out of the
Republican Party and the 16 current
Republican senators who voted for the
conviction of Bill Clinton in his
impeachment trial and removal from
office would do it again and vote for
the removal of Donald Trump not just
from the White House but from the
Republican Party and they would do it to
save the remnants of the Republican
Party there is no courage left in the
Republican Senate there is only Craven
self-preservation and the day that
self-preservation depends on abandoning
Donald Trump they will do it but we're
not there yet and so Republicans in the
House and the Senate spent another day
in fear of Donald Trump in even greater
fear of the new evidence against Donald
Trump assistant United States Attorney
Andrea Griswold stood in federal court
in Manhattan yesterday and described two
crimes that she believes were committed
by the President of the United States
with the president's former lawyer
Michael Cohen both crimes involved in
illegal contribution to the Trump
presidential campaign and Andrea
Griswold took her place in history as
the first federal prosecutor to describe
a large illegal presidential campaign
donation made with criminal intent and
done as she put it at the quote
suggestion of a candidate when Michael
Cohen got his turn in court to describe
his crimes yesterday
he was even more specific when it came
to the active participation in those
crimes by Donald Trump Michael Cohen
described in ranging to large illegal
campaign donations one for a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars and one for
hundred and fifty thousand dollars quote
in coordination with and at the
direction of a candidate for federal
office Michael Cohen said that he knew
that that conduct was criminal when he
was engaging in that conduct and he said
that Donald Trump and he committed those
crimes quote for the principle purpose
of influencing the election which led to
the first question today in the
absurdist theater that is the White
House press briefing the first question
did President Trump commit a crime as
the president said we've stated many
times he did nothing wrong there are no
charges against him and we've commented
on this extensively did the president
commit a crime that was a question that
was never asked in the Obama White House
press briefings eight years of them
never asked there are very few White
House press secretaries who have ever
had to answer the question
did the president commit a crime very
very few and this White House press
Secretary's approach to that question
was of course to lie she said he did
nothing wrong
Donald Trump has proved that he knows
that he did something wrong in paying
off storming Daniels and other women
during the campaign it was always so
clear to him that he did something wrong
that he lied about it when he was asked
about it on Air Force One which became
the next question in the briefing as so
many people now look back at that tape
of him on Air Force One saying he knew
nothing about these payments
when in fact we now know he knew
everything about this payment so has he
like look again I think that's an
ridiculous accusation the president in
this matter is done nothing wrong and
there are no charges against him so now
in the Trump White House it is a
ridiculous accusation if you ask the
question has the president lied after
the whole world has watched the
president lie on Air Force One
did he lie to the American people when
you talked about this on our course one
no the president's address this a number
come well it's all about the minds of
Trump voters now can they watch the
president lie on Air Force One and then
here the White House press secretary
saying no he didn't lie and be ok with
that
there are going to be fewer and fewer
White House press briefings now because
every White House press briefing from
now on is going to include questions
that would be asked in an impeachment
hearing in the Judiciary Committee in
the House of Representatives where the
impeachment process begins in federal
court yesterday the prosecutor described
for the judge the evidence that proves
Michael Cohen's guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt in the crimes that he
says he committed with donald trump
prosecutors said that that evidence
includes quote records obtained from an
April 9th 2018 series of search warrants
on mr. cohen's premises including hard
copy documents seized electronic devices
and audio recordings made by mr. Cohen
audio recordings made by mr. Cohen we
know Donald Trump is on at least one of
those audio recordings already released
by Michael Cohen's TV lawyer Lanny Davis
and I've spoken to Allan weiselberger
about how to set the whole thing up yes
and it's all the stuff all the stuff
because here you never know where that
company you never know what he's gonna
get so I'm all over that and I spoke to
Alan about it when it comes time for the
financing which will be elusive
I got no noise yet Donald Trump is not
the only co-conspirator who was
identified just a bit yesterday by the
prosecutors in their charging document
the prosecution team identified David
pecker the chairman and CEO of the
company that controls the National
Enquirer as one of the members of the
conspiracy to buy The Silence of women
who claimed relationships with Donald
Trump during the presidential campaign
so will David pecker be charged with a
crime or will David pecker cooperate
with prosecutors to avoid being charged
with a crime is David pecker already
cooperating with federal prosecutors and
telling them everything he knows about
the President of the United States
that's what David pecker is not the only
person under pressure tonight along with
Michael Cohen from federal prosecutors
for both of the illegal campaign
contributions that Michael Cohen helped
arrange he had more help committing that
crime help that was identified in the
prosecutors charging document this way
quote he coordinated with one or more
members of the campaign including
through meetings and phone calls about
the fact nature and timing of the
payments this is the single most
overlooked piece of the evidence in the
case against Michael Cohen as we know it
now at least one person other than
Donald Trump in the Trump campaign was
involved in the meetings and phone calls
and knew about the payments including
the timing of the payments now who would
that be Donald Trump's favorite press
operative ho pics the prosecutors know
who that person or those people are who
worked in the campaign and knew all
about the illegal payments those people
are under pressure tonight unlike any
they have been under before are some of
those people on Michael Cohen's
recordings the prosecutor did not say
recording she said recordings plural how
many what is the likelihood that Michael
Cohen may Tariq
of every person in the campaign who was
involved in this crime that's the
question you're asking yourself tonight
if you worked in the Trump campaign
there is so much more evidence that is
going to come out about the crimes that
Donald Trump is now accused of having
committed with Michael Cohen and other
members of the Trump campaign we have
seen not even the tip of the iceberg of
the evidence that Michael Cohen has and
that is why the FBI took the
unprecedented step of raiding Michael
Cohen's home and office and hotel room
they don't do that with attorneys every
day very very rare they did it because
they had reason to believe just how rich
that evidence trove would be we know
David Becker is in trouble tonight and
we have every reason to believe that
David Becker like Michael Cohen will do
nothing to protect Donald Trump when he
has to choose between telling the FBI
the truth or protecting Donald Trump by
committing the crime of lying to the FBI
that's an easy choice and it's an easy
choice for hope Hicks or Kellyanne
Conway or whoever the members of the
Trump campaign are who helped Michael
Cohen commit those crimes they are not
going to take any chances now trying to
protect Donald Trump now that the man
who once boasted that he would take a
bullet for Donald Trump has delivered
The Smoking Gun in the investigation of
Donald Trump how many other smoking guns
are there thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
