now the president's longtime attorney
and one of his closest associates
admitted in federal court that Donald
Trump directed him to commit a felony in
order to help him win an election he
very very narrowly won Congress is left
with the question what to do with that
information
Republicans have the power to open an
investigation of course into Trump's
alleged involvement and breaking
campaign finance law but there's no
indication they will do that Democrats
the other hand want to use his
opportunity to delay a confirmation
process of trumps Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh unquestioning being in
my mind the Cavanaugh hearing should be
possible I will be cancelling my
appointment with Judge Cavanaugh because
I choose not to extend courtesy right
now confirming any Supreme Court justice
the Senate Judiciary Committee should
immediately pause the consideration of
the Kavanagh nomination
joining me now Senator Chris Murphy
Democrat from Connecticut do you agree
with your colleagues there I do agree
but of course I would argue that there
are lots of reasons that we should be
pressing the pause button we have not
been given all of the documents that we
need in order to evaluate Cavanaugh's
candidacy and there seems to be a reason
why Republicans are holding back some of
the most important documents from his
time in the White House but clearly
there are some really big questions that
need to be answered at the very least we
need Kavanaugh to be open with us about
what he thinks about the ability of a
president to be indicted and whether he
believes that presidents have to answer
subpoenas the most likely question that
is going to come to the Supreme Court in
the midst of a constitutional crisis
would be over an argument as to whether
Donald Trump needs to testify before
Muller obviously after yesterday's
revelations it's increasingly unlikely
the Trump's lawyers want him to get into
a position where he could perjure
himself
given the fact that he seems to do it on
a regular basis in front of the American
people that question of whether a
president has to testify seems to be one
that Cavanaugh has to answer and I would
hope Republicans and Democrats would
agree he has to answer that question
affirmatively before he gets confirmed
there
a broader question here to me which is
just about the the sort of how you take
the facts that we're learning and the
questions the sort of profound questions
about the president's legitimacy to be
quite frank and deal with being a member
of the Senate like and what is there a
fact pattern at which everything should
stop yes so I think that's a really
important question Chris one that I'm
grappling with in real time because you
know it is somewhat of an arbitrary
distinction to say that the Supreme
Court hearing process should stop but
the president continues to be able to go
on appointing other judges running the
Armed Forces making all sorts of
decisions regarding the US legal system
you know ultimately the founding fathers
gave Congress a power that is the power
of impeachment if they believe that an
executive has gotten to the point where
you can no longer function and so I
guess I do worry about Congress deciding
that the president has lost legitimacy
absent a impeachment conversation well
and and so and so I you know listen I we
will get a report from Muller and when
we do we'll have that conversation but
before that I think it's a difficult
thing to decide let me just ask you this
there are people who say and I think
they have a decent argument that what
was alleged what was sworn to in a
federal court yesterday and seems to be
endorsed by the US Attorney's Office
Southern District is itself an
impeachable offense the president
directing his underling to commit a
federal crime in furtherance of covering
up something so that he can be elected
are they right well I think it's
important for us to have in front of us
the evidence that leads the prosecutor
to that decision right now we have
Cohen's
testimony but we also may have other
evidence whether it be documents or
audio tapes to that effect as well and
so I think the reason why some of us are
you know punting on this question a
little bit today is because well we take
the indictment at face value we also
think that we need all of the evidence
before us you're also punting on it
because you're worried about the
politics I mean that isn't that the
subtext here well I think there's a good
reason for why we have wanted Muller to
provide us with a report because when
you consider something as serious as
impeachment
want to have all of the facts in front
of you Republicans are wrong to say that
just because this didn't indict him on
the Russia question it's not serious but
I do think that it's important for us to
have all of the facts in front of us and
I think Muller frankly Chris has to
think at this point about giving us some
preliminary findings I mean there's
nothing that stops Muller from saying
here's what I know right now and I'm
gonna continue to work on other things
and then we can assess that luminary you
know that's I haven't heard anyone call
for that but from a transparency
standpoint I'm a journalist like that up
with all of us operating with some big
thing in a black box if we can't see
just seems almost maddening at this
point because there's a subset of facts
that are extremely important to know
what happened one way or the other right
and listen we there's there's clear
there's nothing in the in the statute
underlying Mahler's work that requires
him to wait until the finality of his
process to give us some information and
I think what happened yesterday probably
compels him to show some cards not all
but to show some cards to the extent
that there you know is going to be a
conversation about what the proper
redress is before Congress and I think
that that need will increase because as
as we were talking about it's gonna be I
think really hard for Congress to decide
what functions of the executive are
legitimate going forward and what are
illegitimate the president tweeted this
morning about Paul Manafort
us and extremely kind words feel very
badly for Paul Manafort is wonderful
Family Justice took a 12 year old tax
case among other things applied
tremendous pressure on him and unlike
Michael Cohen he refused to break make
up stories in order to get a deal such
respect for a brave man many people
interpreted that as dangling a part him
what signals have to be sent from your
colleagues on Congress to the president
that a pardon from Anna Fortas redline
so and I think Republicans need to say
to Trump effectively what they said on
the Moller investigation Republicans
gave some pretty clear signals to Trump
about six months ago that the red line
was the firing of Mullen I think that's
in part why Mahler's investigation still
proceeds they've got to say the same
thing about a pardon to Manta fort and
of course I think that tweet makes it
very clear to everyone what the reason
and for that pardon would be man affords
success in refusing to cooperate he
effectively admitted in that tweet why
we would he would pardon him so I
haven't heard that definitively from
Republicans today and I think what we
know is that unless Republicans draw
that line then you know Trump is going
to take advantage of it
all right Senator Chris Murphy thanks
for making some time tonight thanks hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
