there's a lot of legislation you have to
pass judges we have to confirm and I
just don't think that engaging in
speculation is is the way to go and
certainly I think impeachment talk is
something that is not something that we
should be engaging in right now well
Harvard that was Democratic senator
Tammy Duckworth of Illinois saying now
is that the time for Congress to be
discussing a potential impeachment
against Trump
well the question comes as the
president's former lawyer of course
Michael Cohen says that Trump directed
him he said under oath to direct to
commit felonies on the president's
behalf really serious stuff criminal
stuff felonious stuff how should
Democrats handle this news for that I'm
joined by Rob Reiner actor director and
activist Rob I've been following you for
years publicly and privately you study
the issues of all the people look at
this system from the outside you're
about the best informed okay what should
the Republicans be doing let's start
where the Howard Baker's where are the
people they're gonna stand up on this
thing well they're not there yet but if
you and I are about the same age Chris
and remember back to Watergate it's
pretty much parallel to what you're
seeing now there are little tiny
whispers here and there you got a you
know a corker a Ben Sasse a Jeff Flake
you got a couple of people talking but
nobody's really making the move until in
Nixon's case until the tapes came out
you then you saw flip a complete flip
but you got to remember and it took a
long time it took almost two years and
you got to remember that even when Nixon
presented with the tapes and actually
resigned office he left office with
about a 25% 26% of brutal rating there
was still a chunk of the country that
would not abandon him and I think you'll
always see that group behind Trump so
you're never gonna penetrate that the
thing that's going to get the
Republicans nervous is if the Democrats
take back the house and take back it in
a significant way I'm talking about 40
50 60 seats they're gonna really start
getting nervous because then the
Democrats have subpoena power they start
having hearings in public people under
oath and you're gonna see a lot of these
Republicans start to move
then on top of that you'll have Muller's
report comes out and i'm i'll you know
dollars to donuts whatever expression
you want to use it's going to be the
truckload it's gonna be you think this
is bad what's happened in the last
couple of days with with corn and man
afford it's child's play being you know
compared to what's going to come at
trump and then you'll see everybody jump
ship and and i my gut instinct is that
trump won't make it past make it through
his first term well you have confidence
because in 1973-74 from the sunday night
massacre all the way through the tape
the June 23rd take it was based on
evidence a piece of tape that showed
Nixon basically running the cover-up do
you believe that the Republican Party
today the way they've been sort of been
coached not to believe in objective
truth up until this week when Rudy
Giuliani said truth isn't truth to Chuck
Todd on Sunday do you think they might
be on be be on evidentiary arguments
well uh you know they're beyond the The
Smoking Gun big bomb that drops in the
middle of the Capitol where they they
see the the evidentiary are as they had
a little bit right now they have Cohen
talking about committing a crime and
connecting the president to that crime
so that's a little bit of evidence they
can wish you wash around it as much as
they want but when big big evidence like
obstruction of justice conspiring with
an enemy power to influence an election
those are big things and when that
evidence starts to come then I think
you'll see them start to change because
that 25% will never ever leave the
president but you need more you need at
least forty percent for that can stick
around
let's talk Democrats now you're Jerry
Nadler you're about to be chairman looks
like if the Democrats win the house you
the chairman of House Judiciary carry
you're the next Peter Rodino what should
you say in the next few months anything
I wouldn't I mean the word the I word
you know it's been thrown around a lot
more in the last couple of days and
there's certainly enough to impeach the
president right now because it's a it's
a political maneuver but I would say
that you have to first you should be
talking about that now first things for
get the house back have the hearings go
through it methodically see what Muller
comes with and if all that the aggregate
of all of that then you can you can talk
about starting impeachment proceedings
and then we'll have president Pence
anyway thank you rob reiner knows anyway
up there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
