now to the fast-developing Democratic
strategy in the wake of the bombshell
news about Michael Cohen in a moment I'm
gonna talk live to Democratic Senator
Richard Blumenthal member of the
Judiciary Committee but Democrats today
making a direct specific connection
between Michael Cohen's guilty plea and
Donald Trump's Supreme Court pick Brett
Kavanaugh take a listen what I want
right now is for us to when it comes to
Kavanagh to wait until the this to wait
until this
Mulla probe is done before we move
forward I will be cancelling my
appointment with Judge Cavanaugh Michael
cones implication of the president in a
federal crime makes the danger of Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme
Court abundantly clear it's a game
changer we should talk about all the
remedies every single remedy including
indictment of the president should be on
the table
all right strong words there you heard
at the very end from Senator Richard
Blumenthal he joins us live now from
Washington senator good evening to you
thank you very much for joining us good
evening to you Amy let me begin with
what you just said there at the very end
you said that everything should be on
the table when it comes to Trump
including indictments what does that
mean that means that the president
United States is potentially indictable
right now he has been named as an
unindicted co-conspirator which means
that there is credible and significant
evidence against him in connection with
the crimes committed by Michael Cohn in
those last two seventh and eighth counts
and make no mistake if he were anything
except President of the United States he
would be under indictment right now
there is no constitutional bar to the
President of the United States being
indicted there is a serious legal
question about whether it can be done
and I would be in favor of postponing
the trial and perhaps criminal
proceedings until he is done serving as
president but indictments should be on
the table as a potential remedy and we
need to allow the special counsel to
proceed without political interference
or intimidation
so that he can follow the facts and law
and determine whether an indictment is
appropriate so senator helped me connect
the dots now between Michael Cohen and
what happened yesterday in his guilty
plea and then the president Supreme
Court pick Brett Kavanaugh and the
hearings why are Democrats drawing a
line between those two events the
present United States now as an
unindicted co-conspirator potentially
subject to criminal penalties and
proceedings himself would be appointing
a Justice who will sit on his own
criminal case people don't get to
appoint the judges who sit on their
cases number two this president by
appointing a Supreme Court justice for
life highest court in the land will be
taking and staining that court for as
long as Brett Kavanaugh serves on it and
third Brett Keller
Cavanaugh's own views of presidential
power are extreme he has said in effect
the president cannot be forced to comply
with a subpoena that is a momentous and
important view of the law
my hope is these bombshell convictions
should shake my Republican colleagues
out of their moral stupor are they a
senator that I wanted to get to that
point our Republicans expressing the
same concert reservations that you have
same concerns that you have that you
just highlighted because the Republicans
that weighed in on this today are saying
no in fact they are you going to go
ahead with Cavanaugh's hearing on
September 4th it should be postponed
but equally important my Republican
colleagues need to stand up and break
the purposeful inertia and the moral
stupor that's so far they have
demonstrated repeatedly and if they fail
to show more backbone and moral fiber
they will be punished this in November
by the American people in the elections
to come hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
