today is the first day of the rest of
Donald Trump's presidency a presidency
that will forever be remembered in terms
of before and after everything that
happened before the president's former
fixer Michael Cohen implicated the
president for directing payments to two
women before the 2016 election goes in
one column and everything everything
that happens now goes in the after
column
Donald Trump stumbled into this new
reality with only one certain source of
reassurance his belief that a sitting
president can't be indicted just about
everything else from the outcome of the
Moller investigation and obstruction of
justice one in which the President may
very well be a target not just a subject
is unknown the outcome of Muller's
investigation into whether there was a
conspiracy between the Trump campaign
and Russia is also unknown and the
fallout for the president from Michael
Cohen stunning testimony yesterday that
Donald Trump ordered those hush money
payments a clear campaign finance
violation also unknown the New York
Times reports on the mood inside the
Trump West Wing in the aftermath of a
devastating news day quote inside the
West Wing aides to mr. truck numbed and
desensitized by breathless news cycles
blaring headlines about the president's
behavior said privately on Tuesday that
they were having trouble assessing how
devastating the day's legal events might
be the Times also reporting on Cohen and
manna forts new potential usefulness to
robert muller the cases of both men are
at the moment tangential to the central
questions of mr. Mullens molars inquiry
whether President Trump and his
associates conspired with Russia's
election interference and whether the
president tried to obstruct the Justice
Department's investigation but neither
mr. mana Ford nor mr. Cohen are believed
to be cooperating with the special
counsel situations that could change now
that they face years in prison for his
part Donald Trump took to Twitter
writing quote if anyone is looking for a
good lawyer I would strongly suggest
that you don't retain the services of
Michael Cohen here to help us understand
just what happens next some of our
favorite reporters and friends former US
attorney and former
the Assistant Attorney General Harry
Lippmann with us at the table from the
New York Times Mike Schmidt Eli Stone
Cold's White House reporter for the LA
Times Emily Jane Fox who was up as late
as I was last night I don't know maybe
later senior reporter for Vanity Fair
who recently spoke extensively with
Michael Cohen and Hallman's back NBC
News and MSNBC national affairs analyst
let me start with you you spoke to
Michael Cohen yesterday after this
dramatic day in court did he realize
that what he was saying I think it was
count seven and eight would leave all of
us really as some of those White House
aides described breathlessly covering
the president as possibly an unindicted
co-conspirator that was the point he
went in there with a set of notes that
were written down he said in court that
they were to keep his mind focused but
there is another intention there and
that was to throw a man who had thrown
him under the bus under a bus of his own
and I think that what Lonny Davis his
attorney has said in multiple television
appearances since has has been let's
focus on count seven and eight forget
one through six which are accounts of
tax evasion and lying to a bank but
let's focus on 7 & 8 because they throw
the president under the bus so that is
the message that Michael Cohen wanted to
get across that is message that his
attorney has been pushing ever since and
it's very clear that that's the message
he's going to push going forward and
they don't just throw him under the bus
I mean that's what the president has
been doing to Michael Cohen for it would
appear and based on some of your
colleague Maggie Evans reporting from
the spring the entire duration of their
relationship he implicated him in what
is being talked about not in a
hyperbolic resistancy way but by legal
experts as potentially high crimes and
misdemeanors right well so I'd like to
in your opening in your opening
statement you referred to it as clear
violation of campaign finance law I
would like to be Jeremy bash now and say
just like we shouldn't talk about
collusion we should talk about
conspiracy we should not talk about this
as a campaign finance violations yes it
violates I've been violates campaign
finance law what happens in in October
of a presidential election year if a
presidential nominee goes to his
personal lawyer and asked for a payoff
to keep an embarrassing story that could
sway the election
the other is an attempt to defraud the
American people and and all and defraud
the democratic process yes the law in
question is a campaign finance violation
but what's really going on there it's
not a narrow technical thing it's not
like somebody forgot to report somebody
gave a little bit more than the minimum
some PAC didn't didn't follow a law of a
small regulation this is a fundamental
thing that the nominee at the closing
days of the campaign when he thought his
campaign was on the line and a story of
two stories potentially threatened his
nomination when and said I got to make
this story go away according to Michael
Cohen and said go make this go away and
pay for it I think that's goes and not
in a resistancy way at all but goes it's
a much more dramatic and much more
accurate way of stating what actually
happened there and yes it could be
implicates the president and the
commission of a felony but it also
implicates the president in in what is
now a growing sense that a lot of people
have and not just resistance people that
this is one more way in which the 2016
election was for cockta Harry Lippmann
that we're in dangerous territory here
to non-lawyers talking about how what
may be under investigation in the
Southern District is a conspiracy but
that's that is a pretty clear parallel
to what we are told by folks like
yourself about the Muller investigation
and that it's not collusion collusion in
and of itself isn't the crime it would
have been the conspiracy to impact the
election do you think that is what the
Southern District is investigating when
it comes to these hush money payments do
you think that's what they went in
looking for we know from the day of the
raid that that's what one of the things
they were looking for when they seized
items from Michael Cohen's homes and
offices
well look they were probably looking for
the whole mother lode of financial
misdeeds that they found but they also
found this point and I can't say
strongly enough John is so dead on here
they are the second defense of team
Trump now is Oh a technical campaign
finance violation that that makes it
seem ministerial it's the exact opposite
and it's what really gives rise to the
sort of Watergate comparisons what Cohen
says in court and by the way it's not in
the information he made a point of
saying it is not only that it was at the
direction
Trump but it was for the purpose of
influencing the election that gets down
the middle in the bullseye of high crime
and misdemeanor land especially given
how excruciating we closed the election
was it's quite like what the Watergate
burglars did except Nixon was up 25
points against McGovern that's it's a
serious corruption of governmental
function and of the election and it has
to be thought of in those terms in terms
of going forward I think they there
there will be much to say about the
mauler investigation but Cohen will be
saying that to Muller and it will go on
to tracks the kind of money track that's
now at the SDN why but he will also be
cooperating I think it's clear with the
Muller probe it's it's been I was gonna
say it's been a long week but it's only
Wednesday the president's week started
with your reporting over the weekend
that Dom McGann has spent more than 30
hours with the special counsel Tuesday
he got the twin bombshell as the mana
for guilty verdict and the Cohen plea I
understand for all of your reporting on
the obstruction of justice investigation
there's a lot of angst in the
president's legal team we put together
the way the president has answered
question is just on this Michael Cohen
question of payments and it certainly
explains their angst around an interview
let's watch and talk about on the other
side
the agreement with Michael Cohen as far
as I know is a long-standing agreement
that Michael Cohen takes care of
situations like this then gets paid for
the sometimes gets paid trips sometimes
it's reimbursed in another way depends
on whether it's business or personal
it's not campaign money no campaign
finance violation so they funneled it
through the law firm Sun Rosen law firm
and the president repaid it oh I didn't
know that he did yeah I'll forever love
a response on a question that's at the
center of a pretty serious prosecution
on the Southern District how's the legal
team managing the shifting fact patterns
well they've long thought that the New
York part of this was the more troubling
one because they didn't understand it
they've claimed to understand the four
corners of the Muller investigation and
thought the president was in an okay
spot but all along they never thought
they got straight answers from the
president about this and they never
thought that they understood the full
extent of the president's relationship
with Michael Cohen so as this has gone
forward they have really really been in
the dark this is not like the Muller
investigation where the president's
lawyers have come in and been read
through the questions that the
prosecutors want to ask and they had an
understanding of what's there this has
all gone on with them knowing very
little it's also not been smeared the
way the Muller investigation has been
smeared so you've talked about how they
feel inoculated from whatever the
outcome of the witch-hunt
is this is not something that falls
under the broad category of Oh attack
one of the great mysteries of this story
is it why is it that rod Rosenstein did
not give Muller this aspect of the case
and gave it to the prosecutors in the
Southern District by doing that it
insulated Muller from some of the
criticisms that he truly is on an
unending witch-hunt that's looking at
all sorts of things that have nothing to
do with Russia
so these career prosecutors who do not
have political faces that do not have
the public images that Muller has have
gone in and done this case so what does
the president say is this part of the
witch-hunt is it a different is it a
Justice Department wide thing it
insulated Muller do you think Eli that
the fact that this is getting more
sprawling not less the fact that there
are
enemies within the people that if the
president doesn't make it if the
president is ever impeached in the house
it will not be the 17 angry Democrats
that he tweets about it'll be his former
campaign chairman Paul Manafort it will
be this former fixer and personal
attorney Michael Cohen it will be Mike
Flynn he's been a cooperating witness
for many many months so it will be his
own inner circle that gave federal
prosecutors and investigators evidence
against him I've been a lot of people
indicted right I don't know if you heard
the press secretary today the president
did nothing wrong Nicole so I don't know
why we're talking about impeachment but
seriously this is a problem this is a
growing investigation and it keeps
metastasizing it keeps getting bigger
and bigger and no matter what the White
House says they're struggling to control
it they're struggling to the attorneys
as Mike said they don't know all the
answers they don't necessarily trust the
president part of why this has gotten
worse and worse is because the president
continues to talk the president every
little thing that bubbles up in the
press he has to respond to it he has to
answer and he answers these questions
with a very sort of short-term focus on
getting past the story so when the
president has done that over and over
again you see him on Air Force One
saying he knew nothing about the payment
well now we've heard Michael cone and
the president on tape discussing the
payment we know that was a lie and even
if the White House says it's a
ridiculous accusation to say that he's
lying
the whole country can see that he's
lying and so the president himself who's
told thousands of falsehoods over the
course of his presidency so far on
matters big and small is not very
trustworthy and and and does not have a
lot of credibility on this matter
because we've seen already so many big
and small efforts to mislead the
American public and and investigators as
well
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
