welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms we've got some new NBC News
Maris poll numbers out of this state of
Texas and they should be seen as a
wake-up call to Senator Ted Cruz in his
quest for re-election the poll has the
incumbent Republican senator up by just
four points on his Democratic challenger
congressman Veda O'Rourke O'Rourke who
has ignited Democratic hopes with
impressive fundraising sits at 45% Cruz
sits at 49 and Cruz can't write off this
small lead is just the product of a
democratic outlier poll or something
because the other numbers in this poll
are much better for the GOP our poll is
President Trump with a 47% job rating
net positive by the way Republicans have
a seven-point lead on the generic
rationale button congressional ballot in
the state of Texas and the incumbent
Republican governor Greg Abbott has a 19
point lead in his re-election bid so the
lone source sore spot for Republicans of
the Lone Star State is mr. Cruz so with
less than three months of a campaign
left against a well-funded and energetic
opponent this may be a warning sign Cruz
can't let pass by hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
