did you know about the payments later on
I knew later on but you have to
understand Daisy what he did and they
weren't taken out of campaign finance
that's a big thing that's a much bigger
thing did they come out of the campaign
they didn't come out of the campaign
they came from me and I waited about it
you know I put that don't know you know
but I tweeted about the payments but
they didn't come out of the campaign in
fact my first question when I heard
about it was did they come out of the
campaign because that could be a little
dicey and they didn't come out of the
campaign and that's big but they weren't
that's not a it's not even a campaign
violation if you look at President Obama
he had a massive campaign violation but
he had a different Attorney General and
they viewed it a lot different earlier
today he also said what Michael Cohen
did was not a crime Lani
what's your response first of all did
you just witness the president United
States Miss stating the law it doesn't
matter whether it's a campaign
contribution or whether it's a corporate
contribution or whether it's a personal
contribution the campaign limits apply
whether it's personal money or campaign
money Rudy Giuliani misstated the law
you just heard the president ID states
and the interviewer didn't say wait a
minute mr. president it doesn't matter
whether it's a campaign contribution
which you said is dicey or whether you
write a personal check the campaign
limitations under the law apply the same
you committed a felony if you knew about
it afterwards and didn't take that money
back and say you can't write a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars that we're
going to repay you you loan me the money
paid for the Silence of Miss McDaniels
and I have to pay you back that's called
a felony it's about a political
contribution exceeding the limits
whether it's personal or campaign
corrupting an election and it's a felony
what and he has no clue that what he
just said was wrong as a matter of law
see this steady follow the advice of
Rudy Guiliani who also got a roll Andy
where do you see this going after all
you were you were by Bill Clinton side
during his proceedings his impeachment
proceedings do you consider what Michael
Cohen is alleging and if the DOJ can
substantiate it or the prosecution can
substantiate it a high crime and
misdemeanor I do if the prosecutors in
the Southern District Michael : other
evidence adds up to the president ID
states knowing whether before or after
the fact that $130,000 of illegal money
illegal meaning above the campaign
donation limits were donated to
influence an election as was stated in
the document that is a felony we have
heard Republicans in the Clinton
impeachment say it doesn't have to be a
crime for it to be an impeachable
offense I agree with that but if it is a
crime it certainly is an impeachable
offense and here we have I think for the
first time in American history president
United States accused by prosecutors of
committing a felony and he doesn't even
have the law right by saying well it
would be dicey of his campaign
contributions but it isn't it who told
you there's a difference between
campaign contributions and personal
donations with respect to the limits on
donations and the disclosure of the
donations so this is an a stark moment
it is quite serious I don't think the
Trump White House or mr. prime Trump get
it but this isn't the first time I've
seen that they don't get it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
