president Trump in Montana last night
we're going to start there and then
we're going to talk to the senator about
the Democrats strategy leading up to the
midterms with 18 days to go here's
President Trump in Montana at his rally
last night this will be of Cavanaugh the
caravan law-and-order and common sense
that's what it's going to be it's going
to be an election of those things and
we're doing a lot of good the Democrats
have truly turned into an angry mob bent
on destroying anything or anyone in
their path the shape fold Democrat mob
and we're calling it above now a lot of
people are calling these people are
starting to think of it as a mob the
choice could not be more clear
Democrats produce mobs Republicans
produce jobs
all right so apparently the Dilbert the
guy that created Dilbert I saw last
night I think will Ron tweeted the guy
to the right Dilbert yeah you
recommended that that little rhyme so
it's cute that the president United
States hears from a cartoonist who
writes Dilbert any scott adams who and
gives him his punchline for the rest of
the campaign take every democracy in
america Hey Senator Schumer so
congratulations I got it I don't know
who to root for I hate the Red Sox okay
but I hate the Dodgers remember what we
used to say in Brooklyn the three most
evil men in the 20th century Hitler
Stalin O'Malley I don't know who the
root here to root for I got it one
there's some elixir they drink every
time they come up with some nobody the
centerfielder yeah Bradley and they hit
him out of the park there's something
special about that team and I hate them
but they are special ID my room okay
thank you so graduations then we admire
jingly but real we admire these
exhausted especially when everybody all
right so the first cell we've been
asking what's a Democrats message
because there are a lot of depressed
Democrats right now pouring Cavanaugh
what is your message in this hour of
powered and get them up out of the pews
and contribute to American
ah cracy free amen okay now our very
simple first and foremost better
healthcare at lower costs it's the
number-one issue in America it's what
Donald Trump ramen says yeah except he's
raising the costs and the people know it
but he agree with Democrats and let me
just say this for one thing Mitch
McConnell gave us a gift in the last
three days
he showed who the Republican Party
really is day one cut Medicare Social
Security Medicaid Day to remove 30
million people from health care day
three join a lawsuit that gets rid of
pre-existing conditions health care you
know someone shows you who they are
believe them and that's a game changer
what McConnell did in the last three
days is a game changer so number one he
talked house he talked about cutting
entitlements and and I want to go to
number three though because the
president saying Republicans will always
support pre-existing conditions
Republicans all running around scared
saying oh we all support pre-existing
conditions just let's not put too fine
of a brush on this that's just a blatant
lie explain exactly people that are
watching why the batter's a lot I said
to the president yesterday not
personally but you know Twitter if you
really believe it
drop your lawsuit right now the
president has a lawsuit that will cause
pre-existing conditions to go away 19
Republican attorneys general joined it
including to running for the Senate they
are so scared that they are being
hammered on this lawsuit they say well
I'm really for it if you're really for
it get off the GD lawsuit Willie
well the other thing you've raised is
the the deficit the debt and deficit
which Republicans and conservatives have
preached about for generations as you
know blowing the hole through the debt
blowing a hole through the deficits
gonna be a trillion dollars maybe next
year right and yet there's this tax cut
that only adds to that it's the old
trick there's something in there for
Democrats to hit absolutely and I have
they been doing that effect yes you know
we are we this election is neck and neck
and I as I said McConnell gave us a gift
that's a game changer when he
shows who he is and wants to really hurt
people are neck-and-neck mmm certain
Democrats be add by like 20 points
elders I'm talking on the Senate in the
house it's not neck-and-neck but we had
a tough map you know a year ago if I
came on the show and would have said its
neck and neck and say forget about it
and what we have found in states where
we thought we'd be way behind were neck
and neck in states that where we thought
it would be neck and neck we're way
ahead we're doing much better than
anyone thinks in a very very tough map
and number one reason let me go back
Healthcare ABC CBS FOX News number one
issue in America health care every poll
shows they favor Democrats by 15 or 20
points we're closing on that issue and
it's gonna be it's gonna help us just
have victory in state after state after
state including places that people
didn't stalk about Nevada for a second a
state where John Ralston yesterday said
if the Hispanic vote is for 1314 percent
Democrats win it's 11 12 percent it's a
toss-up it's 10% Republicans when we
heard and I'm sure you've heard this
statistic over 50 percent of Hispanics
report that they have not been contacted
about this election or the Democrats
going to reach out and and touch their
natural base over the next 18 deficits
why haven't they yet well we have in a
lot of places including Nevada where we
have a very very strong turnout
operation that's been going on for years
and the Hispanic community guess what
their number one issue is surprise
health care so shouldn't they be very
Democrat and they will you will the the
Hispanic turnout we have found is first
on our side by large margins and on
health care you talk about Nevada Dean
Heller he's on TV now and commercials
that we've put on I will never get rid
of health care I will never vote to
repeal ACA it hurts too many Nevadans
and then his arm is twisted he changes
he's going down because he did that
what's the combination of victories that
has you winning the majority well you
know I mean it's neck and neck as I said
and
I'm not gonna get into specific States
but across the board we're doing better
in places that we never thought we could
we're all over you name it you name the
state we're doing better than we thought
North Dakota Heidi Heitkamp right that's
that's our toughest state but Heidi
Heitkamp is the best retail politician
I've ever met North Dakota has six
hundred thousand people the other day
when she showed people she apologized
but they know how much she has done for
North Dakota the soybean farmers are
getting hurt by all these tariffs and
Heidi has done so much and why he's
opposed the Democratic Party uncertainty
why she find in the polls hmm why she
behind in the poll because it's it's the
second toughest state we're running in
Trump won by thirty six point mansion
that's a very Republican looking good
and the toughest state did you see who
endorsed them yesterday yeah yeah that's
it Nick Saban Nick say maybe the ones
are more popular than anyone else I
won't name the name in West Virginia
where the Cavanaugh hearings helpful to
Democrats or helpful publicans you know
or both let me just say yes it energized
both sides but we always knew things
would close in September you know the
states we're running in talking about
the Senate not the house
you always had Republicans going back so
we knew it would close but what's
happening now in the last week the tide
is moving back in our direction because
number one I'm sorry to say it again and
again but it's health care health care
health care health care and they are
losers on it and then McConnell says
what he says it's like a closer for us
What did he say is what did he say again
he said three things number one because
of the deficit created by the huge tax
break which mainly went to wealthy
people and they can't campaign on that
anymore it's not popular so number one
he said because of the deficit we gotta
cut Medicare Medicaid Social Security to
day two he says we ought to repeal ACA
repeal a see a kick twenty million
people off health care when right now
last poll 54% of Americans favorite day
three yeah he supports the lawsuit which
will get rid of pre-existing conditions
but I couldn't have written a script
together for McConnell to say
so yeah entitlements and and get rid of
ACA 20 million people yes and then the
number three one is pre-existing
conditions okay that's a lotta right
there I I was just struck a couple
minutes ago we had John dela Volpe here
going over his looking at the different
segments of American society he talked
about independence political
independence and he ticked through a
number of areas where Trump and the
Republicans seem very vulnerable with
them and the one thing he said that
maybe is complicating the equation for
that type of voters he said they really
detest PC culture political correctness
culture and maybe they sense that the
Democratic Party and liberals in general
are don't see it that he is there too
much political correctness country well
yeah I think there is too much political
correctness in this country but I think
health care is far and away the dominant
issue and there's a lot of political
correctness on both sides on all the
time and it's not the biggest issue not
even close
biggest issue with independents health
care you know what number two is and
it's part of our three-part platform
drain the swamp we have health care
lower costs better health care more jobs
infrastructure and three drain the swamp
independence that that's the sweet spot
yeah it's just speaking of draining the
swamp though you're saying you're over
performing everywhere
there does raise the question me of New
Jersey you had a candidate running for
re-election there who had a hung jury in
a federal corruption trial and your
party just pumped in three million
dollars this weekend that looks but I
was not going to explode first Bob
Menendez has done a very good job for
New Jersey's one of the smartest
senators one of the most articulate one
of the hardest-working what mr. Dugan
has embraced Trump probably Donald Trump
has hurt New Jersey more than any other
state more than you know close to a
million commuters used the Gateway
tunnel he's opposed to it and worse the
tax bill which stake was hurt more than
any other New Jersey a middle class
upper middle class suburban voters who
got clobbered when they got rid of state
and local deductibility as the voters
learned that mr. yukkin and Mr Trumper
one stone dare to be though senator that
some voters in New Jersey think Bob
Menendez is just corrupt well you know
Bob Menendez has has worked so hard for
New Jersey and they are so hurt
Trump that Menendez is going to win and
he's going to win by more than people
think senator we saw that in the summer
the corruption actually was the biggest
issue on voters minds and it's when the
the generic ballot was the the strongest
for Democrats and I hear you today give
you know the three things that Mitch
McConnell said you lay it all very well
where's the but where is the energy
where's the punch where are we going
sounds it we're so in the weeds on these
things you said you find a perfect
script but you only get 30 seconds first
script how do Democrats play on that
moving into 2020 and start getting
behind something that can solidify them
because frankly the Republican Party my
party is is in chatters they there's no
you know we have one theme that we can
run on in every state you look at the
Republican races they don't have
anything they tried the tax bill that
didn't work they tried immigration that
didn't work so now they're busy
name-calling
I'll take health care substantive issue
which people care about overall the
name-calling they're doing in every
state I think they have red Cavanaugh
and I think they're really proud of that
well they may be proud of it but a lot
of people aren't and it's energized a
lot of people look just look at the
little contributions you know the tens
and 15s and $20 that shows the sort of
enthusiasm that Democrats have just look
at the mobilization we are finding in
our get-out-the-vote operations
volunteers we have almost you know
they're flooding the headquarters in
state after state even Republican states
the Democratic enthusiasm is incredible
I cut my eyeteeth in the Vietnam War
okay nice protesting I was against the
war I was non-political I've never seen
more energy in the street that that that
energy in the streets toppled the most
powerful men in the world Lyndon Baines
Johnson I have never seen more energy in
the streets since that point until today
well for 2020 who are your stars not got
us we got a fight hard 2018 and then we
can talk about 2020 but I'll tell you
this we're going to focus on the issues
that matter to people and the Republican
Party is learning that they're sort of
diversionary issues are not the
or of what bothers people different
topics senator the president now is Red
Sox I hope the president seems to be
moving toward conceding that Jamal
khashoggi was killed inside the Saudi
consulate and perhaps that NBS was
behind it and ordered the killing he
hasn't said that explicitly but in the
interview at The New York Times he's
moved in that direction after his
briefing with the Secretary of State if
that is the conclusion of US
intelligence that he was murdered and
was ordered by the crown prince not not
as a political or an emotional matter
but as a practical matter what should be
the punishment from the United States
government so first to the president
moving so reluctantly somehow when he
finds these dictators doing brutal
things he seems to like it
and that's very bad there's a broader
point then I'll answer for the United
States we have always been not only the
strongest power in the world and God
bless us in god bless our military
they're great but we've also been the
moral beacon as you always say I watch
in the gym every morning the shining
city on the hill that not only is a
morally right thing to do
it helps us because when we're the
shining city on the hill and we profess
democracy and freedom the rest of the
world follows and if when we don't as
Donald Trump is doing now emulating
dictators that reduces all these
barriers in the world and dictatorships
and chaos hurt and that's gonna hurt us
security rise in the lawn so what do we
do to the Saudis we are gonna be really
tough we got to find the right thing to
do you know the president doesn't want
to cut the military there are 10 ways
from Sunday to really show Saudi how
angry we are and it'll help them because
if the crown prince continues in this
direction he's not gonna last very long
what are the top three of those 10
things we can do well we have all kinds
of political and military and
intelligence alliances with them and
they need us their enemy is Iran I'm not
a big fan of Iran as you know and we
conduce we can do many many different
things and this isn't just one instance
what they're doing in Yemen you know
braum in a school bus so how many
children were killed seven - I don't
remember the number but it's horrible
but it doesn't it's not going to serve
him he came on as this reformer that was
working great but that he has a lot of
enemies and when he loses support for
his
white hat yeah reform and starts wearing
the black hat he's going to lose out
within Saudi Arabia he's making a huge
mistake and I can't quite figure it
except maybe that's his mentality
Senator Chuck Schumer thank you very
much for being thank you senator I'm not
going to say go red stuff okay you don't
have I'm not going to say but you're not
gonna like Dodge and the Giants where's
barb barnacle New York sports thank you
so much all the giant owners offensive
line yeah okay definitely been sent
we'll see if it's received
thank you very much Senator Schumer for
being on good to be here and still ahead
on Morning Joe okay a president the
Republican health care plan while
they're laughing 23 million Americans
lose their coverage protection for
pre-existing conditions guide Medicaid
slashed and older Americans hit
especially hard all the give huge tax
cuts to the rich another broken promise
by politicians I'm going to take care of
everybody
everybody's gonna be taking care of
Donald Trump's Republican Party
he'll gonna probably will be its rugby
yeah that's it
in May of last year our Morning Joe
producers whipped up that mock ad on
which issues Democrats could focus on
leading up to the midterms we just heard
from Senator Schumer on that and up next
the chairman of the Democratic Party Tom
Perez joins the conversation we'll be
asking him you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
