president Trump is ripping his former
fixer Michael Cohen this morning
tweeting if anybody's looking for a good
lawyer I would strongly suggest that you
don't retain the services of Michael
Cohen that's of course because the cohen
has linked the president to a federal
crime to two counts by the way against
cohen deal with hush payments to women
that the president allegedly had affairs
with they are campaign finance
violations because campaign money may
have been used and it was done in secret
to have an influence on the election in
one case the contribution was more than
would have been allowed anyway cohen
said in court that the payments were
made quote in coordination with and at
the direction of a candidate for federal
office for the principle purpose of
influencing the election this is the
part that is relevant for the principle
purpose of influencing the election
because it's quite likely that had that
money not been paid the election would
have been influenced the payments he
details aren't one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to Karen McDougal
paid by the National Enquirer owner ami
and a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to stormy Daniels through a
company set up by Cohen both of these
are separate and different campaign
finance violations the stormy payment
exceeded the twenty seven hundred dollar
limit on individual campaign payments
and the mcdougal payment was an unlawful
payment by a corporation on behalf of a
candidate the president's former
assistant Omarosa Manigault Newman says
these payments were no secret we all
knew that this was going to be used as a
hush money kind of payment from campaign
finance as you knew at the time
oh we knew and my fifty to mcdougal in
the hundred and thirty a stormy day
knows all that money it's a quarter
million a lot of money oh absolutely and
unfortunately there are a lot of donors
a lot of people who gave to this
campaign expecting it it would go
towards the victory but instead it was
going to shut these women up and that is
illegal joining me now is Jessica
Levinson attorney and professor at
Loyola Law School and Nick Akram and
former assistant special Watergate
prosecutor and a law firm at Dorsey and
Whitney a lawyer at the law firm Dorsey
and Whitney you might be a law firm unto
yourself you're so good thanks to both
of you just got a Donald Trump tweeted
this morning it's not even a crime the
campaign finance violations do you know
what that means I don't
because it could be a crime so campaign
finance violations can lead to civil
fines and they can also lead to criminal
liability and what Michael Cohen said in
open court yesterday
these campaign finance violations is
that I did this at the direction of
candidate a we all know that that
candidate is President Trump and we and
if that was done willfully and knowingly
then we have criminal liability now of
course as we've all been talking about
there's a question of what happens to a
sitting president with respect to
criminal liability but no I am not
seeing his claim that there's no
criminal liability here for him and in
fact to average people who aren't
lawyers or aren't experts on campaign
finance I sort of the more interesting
part of this is that the president
according to Michael Cohen directed it
and it was done with the aim of
influencing in the election so this
becomes relevant that whatever the
actual technical crime is is not what
many Americans are thinking about today
it's that the president denied having
done this he denied it while in office
and in fact it was apparently done well
in that for the purpose of influencing
the election as he said in the
introduction that's the key here because
the question for these payments was
always is this to keep the marriage
together is it to keep Donald Trump in
milania's marriage together or is it to
keep the campaign together what and
Michael can't answer that question
yesterday but we already basically knew
to answer that question because of when
the payment was made because of the fact
that Michael Cohen was apparently
approached further before the election
and he kind of rebuffed those statements
if you have these payments right before
the election you have the indicia that
it was for the purpose of influencing
the election and then you have the
president's lawyer saying yes
different view of this a little bit in
that while everybody believes this is a
very serious matter and that Michael
Cullen through the president under the
bus in making a deal for himself you
still think that you have to take
Michael Cohen in concert with Paul
Manafort and the fact that they both
would have known about Russian
involvement in the campaign including
the Trump Tower meeting because Manta
fort was in that meeting and this is
really about the the pressure campaign
on mana fort to tell what he knows and
the pressure campaign on Manta fort by
Trump to not disclose anything that's
exactly right I mean the whole point of
what mana Ford knows I mean he was so
involved in Russia he was convicted for
receiving you know over seven he got
seventy million dollars from Ukraine's
which all came from the Russians yet to
keep their puppet in place
he was very connected to Russian
intelligence to Russian agents and was
at that June 9th meeting in Trump Tower
Michael Cohen also according to
Christopher Steele and the reports that
he accumulated came up with information
that Michael Cohen was in Prague after
mana Ford left the campaign in order to
take care of the hackers that had hacked
into the Democratic National Committee
and to continue what Paul Manafort was
doing with the Russians in fact if you
read the Steel report and you
substituted store McDaniels for the
Russians in the hackers it's like he was
doing the same thing he was trying to
keep all of this away from gamma ruff
stories keep them away not have them
come up independent of the statement
that Michael Cohen made Jessica - that
this was done with the the intent of
influencing the election would the hush
money payments still be problematic
well the hush money problem payments
could be problematic for the person who
made the payment which is Michael Cohen
and for if there's an issue here with
respect to the parent company of the
National Enquirer American media yeah
but it might not be the question was
always what did the president know and
when did he know it and so
because Michael Cohen has said no I
didn't do this on my own this was not a
rogue mission this was president Trump
telling me yes let's try and pay these
people off to influence the election
that's the moment where we have
liability for the president that is the
moment in which the legitimacy of this
presidency comes into question cuz Nick
you were with me last night where a
whole lot of people said I don't
understand why this is a bridge too far
given all the bridges that have already
been crossed by this president but the
difference is in many of the things the
president has been accused of doing
until now they didn't involve his actual
presidency some crime that may have
resulted in the president gaining this
this presidency that speaks to the
legitimacy of this presidency that the
legitimacy of this presidency came under
great pressure last night of course I
mean it is this is what it's all about I
mean you've got him now involved as a
co-conspirator with Michael Cohen
this is not some simple you know
campaign violation I mean what makes
this different than a normal civil
violation is the fact that they used
phony documents they falsified the
documentation making it appear as though
Michael : I was doing legitimate legal
work when in fact he wasn't they set it
up so he was getting $35,000 a month he
set up a company that was a phony
company in order to make the payments
they had other people that were involved
in this there's even a tape with Donald
Trump where they talk about the Karen
McDougal where there's a reference to
paying off a cash I mean all of this has
what are known in the legal jargon as
the badges of fraud that make the
difference between what is civil and
what is criminal hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
