you talked a little bit about what you
had seen and heard during the campaign
during your time working with with then
candidate Trump and he talked about how
everyone knew that this money was going
to stormy Daniels as hush money payment
so when did you know about it well let
me talk post campaign just as I said to
avoid violating the arbitration
proceedings that I'm in after the
campaign when these things came to light
by that point we were in the White House
and they started to ask us did you know
did you know certainly the people in the
campaign were aware ok did a bombchus
Trump for example no did Jared Kodaka
I'm telling you they knew oh I don't
doubt that they knew because they were
all in part of the cover-up to keep
their president their father from being
exposed how as the person who would go
on and cheat on his wife just months
after she had a baby gone and get
involved with a porn star as well as a
Playboy Playmate and then try to cover
up it more importantly I'm sure stopping
there what proof do you have of that you
have evidence that they were involved in
some kind of cover-up well as I stated
the things in the campaign I can't spit
asked about that I'm just asking about
what materials you may or may not have
well there's tons of materials that I'm
sure the investigators already have
particularly the emails and the court
gave it is that a yes not being coy you
know I can't talk about the things from
the campaign so let me ask you let's not
going so let me let me let's have a good
interview but you know because of the
vibration from their legal team let me
ask you about something else though here
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump if you
don't want to talk about what you knew
or did not know about the hush money
during the campaign well let me just ask
this and why bring it up on her ball
well first of all it was brought up in
context so to take it out of context and
now say why bring it up I think it's I
think if you're rating or hinting
something when he and I answered it very
good question if you can answer it
directly when did you find out about the
hush money payment that's during the
campaign so I can't talk about but did
you know before the news broke after the
campaign look at you that's so cute
let's talk about Michael who I've had a
relationship for about 11 years during
the entire talk about women why should
he be credible
well he's credible because Donald Trump
trusted him with his most intimate
projects he asked him to fix and sort
out situations for him it's really
difficult for me to watch people try to
do
nice Michael : when he was just doing
what he was told in my book on him I
talked about specifically that Donald
Trump directed Michael Cohen to pay that
payment to stormy Daniels I said that I
wrote that months ago and here we're
seeing it come to fruition but why would
Michael CO and then given what you're
talking about here that you believe
Michael Cohen is credible why would he
take out a personal loan to help Donald
Trump cover up these alleged affairs
what is it about that relationship
he was so loyal to Donald Trump and to
see that tweet this morning from the
president saying that he was a bad loyal
well I think that that speaks more to
Donald Trump than Michael Cohen and I
would push back on those assertions
Michael Cole was effective of carrying
out the things that Donald Trump
directed him and asked him to do and I
think that that's important to note that
Donald Trump went back to him again and
again not just the women you know but
women that you may not even know Donald
Trump should be very careful when it
comes to Michael Cohen because he knows
a great deal about all of the lascivious
behavior that Donald Trump was envision
you had to know where the Donald Trump
was directing Cohen to make these
payments he was out did you go into well
first of all I've been a part of the
Trump world for 15 years it was this to
the grave I go in and I said I just want
to answer the question I'm asking you to
the first question you asked is how
would I know I work with Michael Cohen
in so many different rows as you know
Donald Trump produced a reality show for
me you may not know that I also went to
go at the direction of Donald Trump to
work for Ami and David pecker who is
also involved in this stormy Daniels
kind of deal so I know a great deal
about how Trump world works and how
Donald Trump operates when Donald Trump
asked Michael Cohen to do something for
instance in my case work on a television
show or work on getting me a deal in Am
I when Michael Cohen is directed to do
that he does it and he does it well in
terms of carrying those things out what
you're seeing unfold is the America
coming to know about the inner workings
of Trump world and that's what you're
seeing with Michael Cohen you said this
is the beginning of the end of the Trump
presidency
coming from a former White House
official high-level official that is a
serious statement yeah
what do you mean by that and you have
proof to back it up oh the proof is in
the indictments and the guilty findings
of mana Ford's case but more importantly
under oath Michael Cohen stated that he
was direct
by the President of the United States to
make these illegal payments this is the
beginning of it now I will say that we
might be in the second quarter you'll
see so many other things unfold but mark
yesterday as an important moment in the
Trump president have you talked with
anyone asking names but any of your
former colleagues inside the White House
since this all went down over the last
24 hours yes I talked to many of them
and they're very concerned about
impeachment they're worried about the
future of the Trump presidency and
they're worried about their own
preservation thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
