Wow we want to get to the political
ramifications of all of this in just a
moment but first let's go to the
legalities we've got Jonathan Turley
Danny Cevallos and Barbara McQuade so
well well we'll go through each of you
Jonathan Turley I'll start with you a
scale of 1 to 10 how bad is this for the
President and what are the possibilities
well I couldn't be worse and I have to
say I'm not as convinced about this new
morality play featuring Michael Cohen
this idea that he's suddenly been
liberated in the sense that he's going
to tell the truth it really doesn't fit
with the indictment if you take a look
at the first six counts he's a felon and
he is a reputation in New York of being
something of a thug and so he's not that
credible of a witness I mean if
everything that was said yesterday is
true then most of the things he said for
the entire year before were lies and so
that means that his use as a witness
will require corroboration but having
said that he just did implicate the
president in a crime the president is
effectively an unindicted co-conspirator
if you believe everything that was in
this filing now that makes this campaign
finance case which is a difficult thing
usually to prosecute stronger than the
John Edwards case they didn't have a
Michael Cohen who would say first I knew
I was committing a crime second I did it
at the best of Donald Trump and third
I'm willing to to give evidence and
details as to how we carried that out
you know I tend to agree what he admits
to is appalling and this is something
Barbara McQuade he admits to these
crimes over the course of years and
years yet Michael Cohen is in deep he's
in big trouble can he save himself
through this process is there something
that he can give them to perhaps
mitigate what what he's facing now at
this point and what are you seeing as
the possibilities yet potentially yes
you know Emily reported yesterday that
they just started talking with Michael
Cohen and prosecutors last week and so
the first task is let's
get this plea done and so if the
conversations I'm sure resulted in the
culmination of that plea agreement
yesterday but it appears they have not
yet had time to probe all of his
knowledge of the 17-year relationship
he's had with President Trump and I
imagine part of that reason is it wasn't
until this Monday that the judge the
retired judge who's been serving as a
Special Master completed her privileged
review of all of the items that were
taken in the search of Michael Cohen's
office and so it's really not until the
prosecutors have their arms around all
those documents that they're able to
confront him and probe his knowledge of
all of those things so my guess is now
is the time that they'll sit down with
him over a series of deep briefings and
talk about all those things that lanny
davis has mentioned including the
president's knowledge of the hacking and
encouragement of it if he can deliver
that kind of information and that can be
corroborated that could be really
devastating for the president and so i
imagine that's going to come in the
coming months he really has until
December when his sentencing is
scheduled to provide all that
information and get a reduction in his
that sentence range of three and a half
to five years could be all the way down
to probation he even has a year after
that under a different statute to
continue to provide information so I
think this is just the start of a
cooperation relationship with Michael
Cohen mica I have to jump in here the
it's absolutely possible and I warn
people to not assume that just because
Michael Cohen entered into a plea
agreement without a cooperation
agreement apparent from its face he
still may be presently cooperating he
may be planning to cooperate in the
critical piece of information is that he
only recently started talking to
prosecutors prosecutors need weeks maybe
even months to debrief a defendant like
Michael Cohen or a cooperating witness
before they decide that they're going to
cooperate him and they have to vet him
to make sure that his story is accurate
and truthful only then will they even
consider granting that precious 5k1
motion which offers almost unlimited
level reduction in the ultimate sentence
so from this point forward the
prosecutors are very very cautious
purchasers of the testimony of Michael
Cohen
and they might back out of the deal
time if they decide he's not truthful
and not give him the benefit of his
bargain so it's very important to
realize that he may be cooperating and
he may cooperate in the future it's
absolutely true that defendants can
cooperate even after sentencing under
the rules and it's also important to
know that cooperation agreements are
often not public it's often is the case
that even at sentencing we will address
the issue of a defendant's cooperation
at sidebar away from open court and away
from the ears of anyone who might hear
because it's just too dangerous to an
ongoing investigation and a cooperating
witness to make these kinds of things
public as a matter of routine Wow we'll
get to how history will look at this in
just a moment but first the politics
reporters shared insights into thinking
of those around president Trump the New
York Times Michael Schmidt tweeted when
Cohen raid went down it opened up a big
second front in Trump's legal Wars Trump
lawyers always feared it more than
Muller because they had no handle on his
legal exposure and they never thought
they got straight answers from Trump on
the extent of what he did with Cohen
John Roberts tweeted source close to
Donald Trump tells FOX News remember the
president cannot be indicted while
Maggie Haberman added Trump folks are
worried about impeachment more than
before the thinking goes like this this
is something tangible not theoretical
and it didn't come from Muller does not
mean it will happen but this has moved
to a different stage in their minds and
what about the minds of lawmakers on
Capitol Hill Casey hunt is there
reaction are people going to finally
step up who we've been surprised to hear
them so silent given all the different
stages of this presidency when
Republicans really could have come
forward and said you know what no this
is wrong Mika I I almost hesitate to say
this but I I did did a text yesterday
evening from one member of Congress who
simply called it a dumpster fire a
Republican who said that this is you're
kind of in some ways partially what they
expected but also beyond what anybody
thought could happen in a single day or
even
I think it was the span of an hour maybe
an hour and a half that this news came
out there have always been in these kind
of behind the scenes you know not never
Trump circles that still do exist in
Washington this sense that well you know
maybe the legal system would solve the
Republican Party's trump problem for
them now we are so far past that the
Republican Party is inextricably linked
to Donald Trump they have essentially
made their bed the base of the party is
with the president they're not
necessarily with these lawmakers and
that puts you know incredible pressure
on Republican members of Congress and I
know you know Jon Meacham has talked
about this before as the historian in
the room but remember that what shifted
the ground in Watergate was Republican
voters who had turned against President
Nixon and that in turn put pressure on
the Republican members of Congress who
ultimately you know were the ones that
that swung the process against the
president so Republicans in Congress
still have an incredible amount of power
but it is not clear to me yet that they
are going to exercise it in opposition
to this president and and it's possible
it may take even more than what we saw
yesterday that will be fascinating to
watch you know it's so interesting Elise
Jordan because the news last night
seemed to swallow up trumps rally of
course you'd want to cut to the rally to
see what the president was saying in
reaction to everything but everything
was so big that they kept cutting away
at least most of the network's I was
watching kept cutting away from him
because there was too much important
news and yet though Elise what you see
there are lots of Trump supporters
shouting hollering cheering for him and
the question is this is his base will
the base be moved
well Mika the short answer is no it's
very baked in as of now and is not going
to change that Donald Trump is indeed a
scumbag voters know that they do not
expect him to be the kind of man
who treats his wife with any decency and
dignity and that is unknown and isn't
going to necessarily move the most
hardcore of voters however I would say
that you have a lot of women voters who
aren't exactly happy to have ever had to
vote for Donald Trump in the first place
they just were not necessarily fans of
Hillary Clinton and while they might
have voted for Donald Trump this isn't
the kind of behavior that makes them
excited to keep supporting his party and
you look at the Republican Party big
picture just how they have lost
completely any credibility as a moral
force for virtue as they continue to lie
and deny that what Donald Trump has done
is wrong so as of now it might just be
political corruption it might be
campaign corruption but you look at what
there is to come and still looming
especially with Mike Flynn and we still
have no idea what Mike Flynn had what he
has to say what he told Muller's team in
order to get such a great deal there are
so many unknowns that this is really
just the tip of the iceberg Jon Meacham
at this stage in the presidency what's
the historical parallel and you know
what if there isn't one that's fine but
put this into context as to exactly how
bad this day was for Donald Trump and
this White House
all right the closest parallel is does
go back to Watergate it goes back to the
summer of 1973 when things be the chain
of events began unfolding that
ultimately showed in the summer of 74
that Nixon had done something not unlike
what President Trump is accused of by
his own lawyer in the plea deal
which is he Nixon was on tape it
orchestrating a cover-up using federal
agencies to block one another to try to
keep the heat away from his own White
House's
political espionage arm and ultimately
what broke the Nixon presidency and this
is important
think is of combination really of three
things one was his own lawyer turned on
him sound familiar
John W Dean the White House Council
secondly the revelation of more evidence
than you can possibly one could possibly
have imagined which was Alexander
Butterfield revealing that that Nixon
had and one of the most colossal E's
stupid maneuvers in human history had
taped himself which is besides that mrs.
Lincoln how was the play I mean it's
just that Richard Nixon would tape
himself is that and we just don't know
in Trump world what what possible
evidence there could be that whether
it's tapes or memos or testimony we just
don't know and third was the fact that
he actually was in fact guilty and there
was a bit of there was a common sense
recognition of this after the Supreme
Court ruled in late July of 1974 that he
had to hand over the tapes and then he
was gone within about two weeks here's
one of the questions that sort of brings
the political and the legal together and
we don't know we don't know the answer
to this there is the legal process and
an open question about whether a
president a sitting president can be
indicted and tried there's opinion on it
but it's very mixed the Supreme Court
has never ruled on this the politics of
impeachment is very much about that from
Andrew Johnson to Bill Clinton to Nixon
the the nature of impeachment is that a
high crime a misdemeanor is really
whatever a majority of the house decides
it is at any given moment it's a phrase
of Gerald Ford's so that impeachment is
a different thing than the indictment
question my own bed and and Jonathan and
the others would know better is that the
question of whether you can indict a
sitting president seems to me to be a
matter that the Supreme Court may have
to rule on before this drama enters his
fifth act all right we need to get
Jonathan Turley on that and we will
right after the break and we haven't
even gotten to Paul Manafort everyone
stay with us too
head on Morning Joe as one Trump
associate admitted at his guilt
another was judged for his Paul Manafort
was convicted by a journey a jury of his
peers for bank and tax fraud will run
through that case and get to all the
political implications on Capitol Hill
you are watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
