this is the day that changed everything
in the Trump presidency and Donald Trump
knows it because today the Trump
presidency
took a giant step toward impeachment it
happened in a courtroom in Manhattan
when these words were spoken at the
direction of meaning at the direction of
the President of the United States and
when a defendant is pleading guilty in
court it is very difficult for the
defendant to say something more
important than the word guilty that's
usually the most important word a
defendant speaks during a guilty plea
session but today in federal court in
Manhattan Michael Cohen said guilty your
honor
eight times and he's also said at the
direction of twice and both times he
meant at the direction of the President
of the United States and so today Donald
Trump made history by becoming the first
President of the United States to be
accused under oath in federal court of
ordering someone to commit a federal
crime to win a presidential election at
the direction of today Michael Cohen
said under oath Donald Trump made me do
it my boss made me do it he told me to
break the law at the direction of after
pleading guilty to multiple tax evasion
counts and one count of bank fraud
Michael Cohen then pleaded guilty today
to two counts of campaign finance
violations reading from notes Michael
Cohen then described to the judge in his
own words how he committed those crimes
he said as to count number seven honor
about the summer of 2016 in coordination
with and at the direction of a candidate
for federal office I and the CEO of a
media company at the request of the
candidate worked together to keep an
individual with information that would
be harmful to the candidate and to the
campaign from publicly disclosing this
information after a number of
discussions we eventually accomplished
the goal by the media company entering
into a contract with the individual
under
she received compensation of 150
thousand dollars he was describing how
he arranged at Donald Trump's direction
for the publisher of the National
Enquirer David pecker to pay 150
thousand dollars to Karen McDougal so
that the National Enquirer could bury
her story about having a year-long
sexual affair with Donald Trump Michael
Cohen described the other violation of
campaign finance law this way your honor
as to count number 8 on or about October
of 2016 in coordination with and at the
direction of the same candidate I
arranged to make a payment to a second
individual with information that would
be harmful to the candidate and to the
campaign to keep the individual from
disclosing the information to accomplish
this I used a company that was under my
control to make a payment in the sum of
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars
the monies I advanced through my company
were later repaid to me by the candidate
Michael Cohen is of course talking about
stormy Daniels who was paid a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars to stay
silent about her sexual affair with
Donald Trump Urmi Daniels lawyer Michael
avenatti who helped her break her
silence will join us in our discussion
tonight Michael Cohen told the judge the
motivation for committing these campaign
finance crimes at the direction of
Donald Trump Michael Cohen said I
participated in this conduct which on my
part took place in Manhattan for the
principle purpose of influencing the
election Michael Cohen said that twice
the same motivation for each campaign
finance crime I participated in this
conduct which on my part took place in
Manhattan for the principle purpose of
influencing the election the principle
purpose of influencing the election so
Michael Cohen is now saying under oath
that he believed and no doubt Donald
Trump believed that in order for Donald
Trump to be elected president the
Silence of these two women would have to
be illegally purchased crimes would have
to be committed to elect Donald Trump
Michael Cohen is
that Donald Trump ordered him to commit
these crimes so that Donald Trump could
win the presidency tonight on a rally
stage in West Virginia Donald Trump said
this where is the collusion you know
they're still looking for collusion
where is the collusion finds of
collusion we want to find the collusion
here's some collusion for you Donald
Trump colluded with Michael Cohen and
David pecker in an interstate conspiracy
to violate federal campaign finance law
and that's not me making that accusation
that is Donald Trump's personal lawyer
and confidant today in federal court
under oath making that accusation about
the President of the United States
participating in
to federal crimes quote for the
principle purpose of influencing the
election Bill Clinton was impeached for
less Bill Clinton was never charged with
committing crimes in order to get
elected Bill Clinton was never accused
of a criminal conspiracy to defraud the
American voter in order to get elected
there are 16 current members of the
United States Senate who voted to
convict Bill Clinton in his impeachment
trial and remove him from office for
less than what Donald Trump stands
accused of tonight by Michael Cohen and
one of those Republican senators was
actually a member of the House of
Representatives at the time and as many
of you might recall in Senate
impeachment trials the prosecutors are
actually members of the House Judiciary
Committee and here is the standard for
removal from the office of the
presidency that Lindsey Graham argued
for in the Clinton impeachment trial in
the United States Senate
so the point I'm trying to make is you
don't even have to be convicted of a
crime to lose your job in this
constitutional republic if this body
determines that your conduct as a public
official is clearly out of bounds in
your role because impeachment is not
about punishment impeachment is about
cleansing the office impeachment is
about restoring honor in integrity to
the office you don't even have to be
convicted of a crime impeachment is
about restoring honor and integrity to
the office you will not hear Lindsey
Graham say that again Lindsey Graham and
all of the Republican senators who voted
for Bill Clinton's removal from office
have proven in the last two years that
they did not mean a word that they said
when they voted to remove Bill Clinton
from office not a single word of it they
do not care about restoring honor and
integrity to the office but impeachment
begins in the House of Representatives
and if Democrats win the house in
November then we are tonight already on
the road to impeachment hearings in the
House of Representatives impeachment
hearings that Republicans cannot stop
the New York Times is reporting tonight
that the White House realizes this and
is worried about impeachment as never
before White House correspondent Maggie
Haberman tweeted Trump folks are worried
about impeachment more than before the
thinking goes like this this is
something tangible not a theoretical and
it didn't come from Muller does not mean
it will happen but this has moved to a
different stage in their minds today
when Michael Cohen pleaded guilty the
prosecutor and the judge made it clear
that Michael Cohen will have to pay
restitution for the damage he has done
with his crimes but how can Michael
Cohen pay restitution to the 65 million
people who voted for Hillary Clinton for
president or to some some of the 62
million people who voted for Donald
Trump but would not have
if they had heard stormy Daniels story
about Donald Trump telling her that she
reminded him of his daughter before he
had sex with stormy dangles how do you
pay restitution to the 330 million
people who now live in a country where
the president was accused today in
federal court of conspiring to commit
two crimes for the principle purpose of
influencing the election there is no
campaign finance violation in history
that comes close to the enormity of the
crimes that Michael Cohen confessed to
today and accused the President of the
United States of ordering him to come in
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
