during our discussion now is Michael
avenatti attorney for stormy Daniels and
Michael I think history is going to show
that you led us and the investigators to
this point today that Michael Cohen
would not be pleading guilty possibly to
anything today if you had not taken
stomache stormy Daniels case and showed
her the way that she could find her
voice in this the voice that Michael
Cohen
now confesses in federal court to
illegally have tried to silence well you
know I think Lawrence that my client
deserves a lot of gratitude from a lot
of people in America for her courage and
her fortitude that she has shown over
the last five to six months frankly you
know today was a very interesting day in
the history of the presidency in the
United States this was the first time
that you had an individual stand up in a
court of law and basically point the
finger at the president credibly and
claimed that the president was a
co-conspirator in criminal conduct and
you know I think we're in the second
quarter of a four quarter game I think
there's a lot of additional information
that's going to come down the pike and
you know the problem for the president
he's got a lot of problems but one of
the problems is for Donald Trump is that
so much of this now is out of his
control because you have Paul Manafort
and Michael Cohen they're going to be
looking to protect themselves and their
families they're not going to care a lot
about what Donald Trump has to say and I
think that they're both going to
disclose quite a bit Rudy Giuliani
issued a written statement tonight
saying there is no allegation of any
wrongdoing against the president in the
government's charges against mr. Cohen
it is clear that as the prosecutor noted
mr. Cohen's actions reflect a pattern of
Lies and dishonesty over a significant
period of time your reaction to read
Giuliani you know Lawrence I mean it
just gets more comical by the day I mean
the truth isn't the truth you know this
is if you look at the statement it's a
it's a par statement he's playing word
games relating to government charges the
American people can read these documents
are available online you've noted them
tonight it's clear as day what Michael
has said that the president told him and
conspired with him to do these acts and
the sequence in the courtroom today the
prosecutor said at first the prosecutor
made a presentation saying that this was
done at the direction of the candidate
and then Michael Cohen said it even more
emphatically with his own words well
this is his turn yeah you're absolutely
right Lawrence and you know I said in
this chair that John's in on at least
two if not three occasions on your show
and you showed the airforce one tape of
the President of the United States
standing on the people's plane and when
he was asked by The Associated Press
reporter if he knew anything about the
payment he denied all knowledge and
here's the kicker
he pointed everybody to his personal
attorney Michael Cohen and told them go
ask Michael Cohen the facts Michael
Cohen will tell you the facts well guess
what in that courtroom here today we
learned the facts according to Michael
Cohen and now Rudy Giuliani and the
president are gonna claim no no no don't
ask Michael Cohen the facts because he
doesn't know what he's talking about I
want to go to a very important point
that the prosecutor made I mentioned it
earlier in the program about the
evidence that the prosecution has to
prove Michael Cohen's guilt on all of
these counts and on the two counts
involving Donald Trump order him
ordering him to commit the campaign
finance crime they said that their
evidence includes quote audio recordings
made by mr. Cohen you have been saying
for a long time that there are a lot
more Michael Cohen recordings and that
they are a lot more problematic for the
president so is that an indication that
the the federal government the
prosecutors have recordings of Michael
Cohen
and Donald Trump discussing these two
particular crimes I think it is and I
also think that there's additional
recordings I know there's additional
recordings relating to conversations
that Michael Cohen had with Keith
Davidson relating to these two payments
there's a lot of recordings out there in
Keith Davidson with stormy during his
original lawyer and he was involved in
the other payoff went through the
National Enquirer that's correct
Keith Davidson served as counsel for
mrs. mcdougal and for the counsel for
Miss Daniels before I took over her case
and so I think that this notation is a
reference to those recordings I mean
Lauren's again we're in the second
quarter of a four
this president's in trouble and we're
coming from for him because I'm gonna
take his deposition under oath we're
gonna get Michael on the president's
deposition president's deposition we're
gonna get Michael Cohen's deposition
under oath and I'm anxious to disclose
all of this evidence to the American
people so they can determine who's been
lying to him and who's been telling the
truth and that's because your civil suit
to obtain stormy Daniels release from
the non-disclosure agreement is still
active and that's where the deposition
would be is Michael Cohen
to your knowledge cooperating with
Robert Muller I do not know that the
answer to that question but I know that
he's cooperating with SD and why and
what why today did he go into court and
plead guilty without an actual
sentencing agreement already obtained or
any real agreement obtained as to what
his future is there's not there's no
promises about his future in this
agreement if he's cooperating why didn't
they make a deal with him now well
because I think that the prosecutors
want to see the extent of the
cooperation right so this is the hammer
a lot of people have noted well there's
nothing in writing requiring him to
cooperate that is true however
prosecutors have the ultimate hammer as
it relates to sentencing because they're
gonna know at the time of sentencing in
December the level of cooperation that
he's provided during the preceding three
or four months so they have the ultimate
hammer so that's why they don't
necessarily need anything in writing
requires his cooperation but the
prosecutors would have never entered
this deal if they did not have some
confidence that he was going to provide
information now it depends what they do
with that information they can take the
information in and ultimately not do
anything with it
where would we be tonight if stormy
Daniels never found you as a lawyer and
if you never found the way to make her
story public to bring her on to
interviews like 60 minutes and and yet
the own interviews that you have done to
make to the focus on exactly how this
non-disclosure agreement was executed
where would we be if fermion was and you
would never come forward well Lawrence I
I don't think we would be in this exact
spot but you know I don't want to
speculate as to where we would be I'm
going to let you and others speculate as
to that I mean I think you know I think
we're in a better place because
courage and fortitude astronomy Daniels
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
