Daniel Goldman you had something you
want to quickly chime in and I want to
get the political panel back sure I have
the plea agreement here well then go for
it and I wish I could send it over to
Mimi but it is a standard plea agreement
it is not a cooperation agreement there
is no agreement that Michael Cohen will
cooperate with the Southern District
going forward though
Mimi mentioned something about whether
he gets immunity for any conduct that's
that he did not plead guilty to there is
one sentence about a credit decision
from sterling National Bank which he was
not charged with but which he gets
immunity from ordinarily if this were
just a simple placeholder that Michael
Cohen would be pleading guilty to the
charges that are put to the
investigative charges that are public we
it was been reported about the campaign
finance fraud the bank fraud in the tax
fraud which he pled guilty to and then
they were gonna work through the
cooperation at a later date I'm a little
surprised to see that he would get
immunity in addition the parties did not
agree on the sentencing range that's
also indicates that there's some
contentiousness or some disagreement on
the parties get out and and well know
they could be done that actually to me
indicates they are done they are done if
this is a placeholder there they're not
they're not gonna fight about everything
they're gonna put this down as a
placeholder and deal with it later
that's not to say they can't deal with
it later but it is a little surprising
to see that there is immunity for
something he's not charged with and that
they do not agree on the sentencing
guideline range which means that this
this is there's not this is a negotiated
plea agreement so to speak which
ordinarily will happens when there is
not cooperation hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
