look at the big picture and let's face
it as important as these midterms are
for Democrats I see an unfocused and
uninspired campaign Donald Trump remains
the chaotic centerpiece of this midterm
campaign but what else is there Brett
Kavanaugh healthcare foreign policy what
is the Democrats unifying message who is
their marquee candidate history tells us
that it's a given that Democrats should
do well with the Republican in the White
House but with how many days 18 days
there you go days to go only 18 days to
go the Democrats have yet to fight this
election on their terms what is their
message that's how you create a way
think Newt Gingrich's Contract with
America think the tea parties were an
Obamacare Bill Clinton of all people
says that politics is it's better to be
strong and wrong in politics than right
and weak Trump is wrong about so much
but he struts from rally to rally acting
supremely confident he is a bloated
giant on the national stage who gives
Americans easy answers even if they are
all wrong Democrats have produced
exactly one national horrible cycle one
star and and guess what this guy could
lose by double digits that is correct
that's what we're looking at right now
better or or could could lose by 10
points think about this
politico's lead story speaks the amazing
truth to Democrats it's not impossible
that despite the train wreck that is the
Trump presidency
Republicans could keep control listen
carefully of the Senate and the house
that's where we are this morning Joe
Willie and I are going to talk to two of
the top Democrats in charge of this
campaign Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer and DNC chair Tom Perez the
question we will be asking this morning
besides raising money what in the world
is this unfocused Democratic Party doing
over the next 18 days to check the most
destructive parts of trumps reign the
answers they give matters people could
be voting right now so here is the
president last night in Montana
laying out his campaign themes in blunt
terms this will be an election of
Cavanaugh the caravan law-and-order and
common sense that's what it's going to
be it's going to be an election of those
things and we're doing a lot of good the
Democrats have truly turned into an
angry mob bent on destroying anything or
anyone in their path the shameful
Democrat mob and we're calling it a Bob
now a lot of people are calling these
people are starting to think of it as a
mob the choice could not be more clear
Democrats produce mobs Republicans
produce jobs Democrat we way don't we go
the other way Democrats support
constitutional pillars Republicans
support Saudi killers why don't
Democrats do things I have work come on
man so tell me is there a message your
the message man what's the message well
actually we have been working with
Democrats in next week we are what's the
message
I'll tell you the message very simply is
that it's devoted a lifetime vote for
children because they can't vote for
themselves because they're taking away
your health care the swamp is getting
swampy air we are losing our way as a
country and we have a campaign call vote
for me because I can't
which is basically children saying
delivering all the messages that taking
your health care the rich are getting
richer we are losing our way as a
country it is that desperate right now
the problem or Democrats have is they
don't have a messenger on top of the
message if you mentioned contractor
America contract America would have been
contractor of America without Newt
Gingrich but the central theme also has
got to be health care they're taking
your health care away the rich are
getting richer you know that's a funny
thing because whenever we have these
sort of conversations we've had them
just like we had him when we were
bitching that Hillary Clinton didn't
have a message for two years we've been
complaining that the Democrats don't
have a message that's breaking through
and then people complain on Twitter oh
it's health care oh we're talking about
really really
I I don't like is it is it healthcare I
quit cuz I'm sure not I'm not hearing
any national message that's writing I'm
not hearing local messages drive but
with a poll that showed that what 14 out
of a hundred percent of Americans think
health care is the issue this year what
is it well that poll that matches up
right health care jobs reign in Trump
those were the three issues the economy
those are the things President Trump is
talking about the campaign trail he's
talking about jobs he's talking about
his economy look how much better are you
better off now than you were two years
ago you may not like what President
Trump saying on those campaign rallies
but it's clear what he's going after the
mob I've improved the economy I fixed
your life I've made your life better
America has become great again Democrats
are raced by rates I will say if you go
into Iowa or if you go into Missouri
with Claire McCaskill they're talking
about health care so their race by race
they understand about health care being
the top priority but you don't hear that
as a national theme whatsoever and don't
know we don't know that breaks through
you know Susan somebody was talking to
me last night about how depress the
Democrats were because of cabinet you
know they're just depressed right now
and it's just you know it was the worse
it gets
it's hard to think about flexion is that
I'm saying there you know it's a former
Republican when we lose we get really
angry and we knock people's heads off
their shoulders and everybody it's just
a natural instinct they did something
wrong to us we're gonna go after them
we're going to knock their heads clear
off their shoulders and don't say oh
there's a puppy that's so awful that's
what Bobby Kennedy did so Mario Cuomo
did like Cuomo didn't sit around and
like oh I got beaten baby baby assembly
I mean Cuomo would go out he was a
strong tough liberal who's the Democrat
that's a strong tough liberal or the
strong tough moderate or the strong
tough conservative Democrat it's gonna
lead this fight right you make a good
point people don't want to see people to
press they want to see strong tough
leaders and it was interesting Michael
Moore was on on set a few men and month
ago and he said when he was speaking to
Steve Ben and Ben
said the difference between you guys and
us is that we go for the head shot every
time you guys are using pillows you're
having a pillow fight
yeah and that was the difference and I
think that's really interesting and it
goes even to the point on healthcare
instead of going after aggressively the
problems with health care and and
telling the stories they're not but it's
also a problem because how the insurance
rates are not up in double digits this
year they stayed steady or dropped in
some cases so I think that was a hiccup
that the Democrats did Newt Gingrich for
a Democrat right now he would get on
stage and and he would he would do
something like you know what Donald
Trump he's gonna kill you he's gonna
kill you and he's gonna kill your family
you know what he lied through his teeth
to you in the 2016 campaign What did he
say you were gonna have better health
care it was gonna be cheaper health care
it was gonna be more expansive health
care lie you're gonna die lie number two
gonna make you that line of three he is
making you unhealthy and there will be
somebody in your family that will die
because of the lies of Donald Trump he's
a liar and this isn't just lying about
the budget this lying about killing your
mother about killing your grandmother
about killing your child that's what the
Republicans are doing
that's what Gingrich would do oh I mean
Joe part of the problem and to see the
way you're delivering that message with
passion with rage the problem is there's
no messenger if you look at a Republican
commercial that just ran here are the
faces they put up of the Democratic
Party they put up Bernie Sanders
Elizabeth Warren
Michael avenatti they put up these
characters Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer
who's coming out we're gonna talk to him
there is no fresh aggressive rageful
voice so not only is the message not
there there's no but on a national stage
meaning messenger so there's no message
possible after all the angers the
Democrats had after the 2016 election
they're going into a presidential
election they're two years away and
there's no messenger that's a real and
by the way you look at the women's March
the first weekend Donald Trump was
president
angry people there and it wasn't an
angry mob it was a you know here we go
Democrats this one's on me already
already write this down gosh okay we're
not an angry mob we're angry moms we're
angry moms because you want to take away
our children's healthcare we're angry
moms cuz you want to gut our children's
education you all were talking about
ripping money out of our children's
classrooms you want to cut Social
Security we're angry moms because we got
to take care of our kids we also have to
take care of our moms in nursing homes
you're slashing Medicaid that's throwing
old people that's throwing our moms and
our dads and our grand moms our
granddad's out in the street like Susan
I'm just saying this is a Republican I'm
not really angry this morning the Red
Sox water I'm making a point it's just
not hard why the Democrats make once
before don't you remember the Paul Ryan
pushing grandma off the cliff yeah years
ago they've tried it they've and that
actually kind of worked it's stuck with
it but you're right it's so easy for us
to kind of talk about it and get riled
up but I just don't see how at this
point in time the Democrats are worried
about getting the house it's scary that
they have not been able to lasso that
group of people that for two years have
been going out to rallies that have been
outspoken against this present the
Cavanagh hearings everything they can't
they can't anchor that anger and that's
their biggest that's the biggest and
folks it in Jonathan mere you you
haven't been staying up all night
watching red tonight yeah throwing your
arms around in the morning like I have
you actually you're a reporter what do
you see out there are Democrats
confident do they do they feel like they
have a message I know their base is yeah
I'm just talking about the politicians
the politicians aren't linked to their
pace it seems to me right I mean they
certainly will emphasize as we were
talked about earlier about the push on
health care in these individual races
that they do feel pretty good about but
but yes there is so degree of being sort
of unfocused
and contrast that with
with President Trump who you know you
may not like his message you may not
believe his message but he delivers it
night after night and we saw yesterday
he very much he distilled it he laid it
out for us they're like this is what he
thinks the final push is going to be
about and they think that the Cavanaugh
hearing for Republicans who were very
pessimistic not too many weeks ago you
know now feel that the Senate is all but
assured that they will keep and they
feel like that yes they're still betting
some headwinds for the house but they
feel like they have a shot to
potentially hang on to it they think
that the Cavanaugh hearings and the
anger that unleashed
you know that that is still that has not
dissipated yet now we will see but still
18 days to go you know and their man got
on so it's not like he was deny they
don't have that righteous anger like hey
this was stolen from us we will see if
that will still happen but now we have
the cat this Caravan issue which Newt
Gingrich mentioned him a few times now
worried this morning sort of laid out on
interview with Fox about two days ago
said that's gonna be Cavanaugh in the
caravan and then yet perhaps the
president was watching because that
became his speech last night and
certainly especially for Republicans
particularly for this President 2016 so
much of it was about stoking up fear or
concern about immigration and he's doing
it again now thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
