former CIA director John Brennan on
blast by President Trump this morning
his latest attack comes just one week
after the controversial move to revoke
the former CIA director security
clearance this time Trump tweeted what
seems to suggest that for him stripping
clearances is about loyalty and not
about national security here's what he
said even James clapper has admonished
John Brennan for having gone totally off
the rails
maybe clapper is being nice to me so he
doesn't lose his security clearances for
lying to Congress so in essence
President Trump is saying that security
clearances for former Intel Chiefs is
based on whether they're nice to him
nice to him let's let that sink in for
just a second that's not all just
minutes later he called out the New
Yorker in response to a new report that
describes tension between Trump and
Obama's two-term CIA director Brennan
dating back to inauguration day quote
fake news of which there's so much this
time the very tired New Yorker falsely
reported that I was going to take the
extraordinary step of denying
intelligence briefings to President
Obama never discussed or thought of
joining me now is adamant as the New
York report New Yorker reporter who
wrote that piece out of you and I spoke
yesterday evening and since then the
president has now taken issue with your
article there's an excerpt in the
article that undeniably got the
president's attention this morning in
which you write as Trump stepped up his
public and private attacks on Obama some
of the new president's advisers thought
he should take the extraordinary step of
denying Obama himself access to
intelligence briefings that were made
available to all of his living
predecessors Trump was told about the
importance of keeping former presidents
who frequently meet with foreign leaders
informed in the end Trump decided not to
exclude Obama at the urging of McMaster
Adam tell me what you what you make of
this well I think it you know what you
just read is clearly different than what
Trump tweeted you know the the the point
of the piece is that the you know Trump
at that point in time in the spring of
2017 was aggressively attacking Obama
and and officials around the president
were you know thought that this would be
a good way to retaliate and mcmaster
obviously disagreed with that and
presented a compelling case to trump not
to pull the trigger and single out Obama
and deny him access to the briefings
that all have his living predecessors
were entitled to receive and so
effectively you know cooler heads
prevailed back then and McMaster of
course left the job in April and you see
that Trump in more recent months has
been more willing to act in ways that he
was apparently unprepared to act let's
just explore that a little bit because
that may apply to the security
clearances it may apply to his comments
about the Federal Reserve yesterday it
may apply to his comment that he can
take over the Muller investigation what
do you mean by that are you saying that
because the president has gotten rid of
his sort of legacy more establishment
advisors and now he's surrounded by
loyalists and some might say sycophants
there's nobody holding him back yeah I
think you know the the what we saw in
2017 was the president came to office
and he thought he was going to maybe be
able to do things more quickly than in
reality for example he was going to
declare the US Embassy in in Israel
declare that he was going to move it to
Jerusalem on the first day he was going
to actually include it initially in his
State of the Union address but the
intelligence community prevailed on him
and presented arguments to him that
doing so so quickly without laying the
groundwork first was risky a similar
case would be the Iran deal he had
promised during the campaign to get rid
of the Iran deal but again he delayed
pulling the trigger because people who
were inside including his national
security adviser at the time his defense
secretary his secretary of state made
the case that the timing was was not
right and Trump listened to them now you
have a team that either has less
influence in trying to talk Trump out of
doing these things or the president
feels like listening to his own gut
rather than listening to you know people
that have concerns about these steps
that he wants to take it will pay off
for him and that it will benefit him and
so he's more willing it seems to take
these
to take these chances in some cases and
to act on his promises hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
