I'm joined right now by citizen L / co
Republican strategist Michael Schmitt
watch the card spun it for the New York
Times Eugene Robinson comments for the
Washington Post and yummy sauce in there
what else correspond for PBS newshour
decision why we just go into order of
your faces there
what is Rudy talking about that he could
be running the investigation himself
this is the newest after his guy Rudy
Giuliani denied there's such a thing as
objective truth Rudy went I believe to
get to the Manhattan College he's
studied under the Christian Brothers one
thing you learn in Catholic school it's
a lot of philosophy a lot of time trying
to figure out the meaning of truth in
front of you get to objective truth and
a total commitment to the idea there's
such a thing as truth I'm sure all
religions believe this but certainly his
did how could really walk out they said
there's no such thing as objective truth
it's whatever anybody says that my guy
says something that just as good as
anybody else that's what he asserted
which Chuck Todd yesterday your thoughts
well I mean it's clear that Rudy
Giuliani's gone from a world class
leader to a second-rate apprentice and
following Donald Trump and that's all
he's doing is whatever Donald's will
make Donald Trump happy he's trying to
muddy the waters this was a career
prosecutor his career was launched being
a prosecutor Rudy Giuliani's to hear him
say that and twist himself up and not
get the facts out either because he
didn't know or didn't remember or
because he chose to lie is so
disheartening especially for me someone
who worked in the administration someone
who learned to love government because I
served in his administration he's he is
now supporting a government that I have
no respect for meaning Donald Trump and
his administration you may pick up on
this because two things here just drop
jump at you one is the denial of
objective truth which is the essence of
everything and by the way just to remind
everybody is if they need a message in
philosophy if somebody tells you the
movie starts at 7:00 and it starts at
7:30 one person's right it did started
said that if somebody says the capital
of Japan is something else I don't know
what it's Tokyo there's only one right
answer there is such a thing as
objective truth and if they had a tape
recording of that meeting that they had
with the myth mower I'm sorry with Comey
about what to do with Flynn then we know
the objective truth so there is
search for it it's not a one person's
opinion against another and that's what
Rudy's now saying the idea that Rudy
Guiliani is saying truth is truth is
directly related to the fact that Kelly
Ann Connolly said they're all turned
there are alternatives facts this is an
administration that wants to create its
own version of truth has millions of
people who believe only what they tell
them and as a result they're laying
that's just to explain to politics if
you can why would you deny what
everybody knows when they're a kid when
you're taught not to fib when you're
three years old who or five or six at
least
why would somebody send there's no such
thing as the truth or not truth because
if the mother investigation comes out
and says that you in fact broke the law
and here are all the reasons why and
here's all the evidence you can then
turn around and say well their version
of the truth is actually not the truth
our version of the truth is what the
truth is they're doing this because they
want to get ahead of whether or not of
any sort of indictment any sort of
criminal charges any sort of problems
that the president or the people around
him might have when it comes to the
legality of things okay speaking of part
of a crazy world
Trump's now saying he could run the
Trump investigation what does he mean
some notice we don't know some
executives idea of executive power is
that he could sweep it in and he could
fire sessions and exactly a rest of
Arosa you know send people to the tombs
or what you do whatever he wants and she
could shut down any investigation he
could run it he could he would turn it
into an investigation of Hillary Hillary
Clinton somehow and the dirty Dems or
whatever I mean confident as he once was
what I was talking about it these claims
are absurd well yeah but he always makes
outsize claims that I mean he's always
done that actually made outsize claims
that are on their face kind of
ridiculous it does seem to be getting
worse he seems to be sort of bouncing
off the walls but one thing that we saw
especially in Rudy Giuliani's remarks is
how hard it is to keep the story
together right to keep it all straight
in his head so he flied out and it said
it was the be on the beat it was to get
dirt on Hillary Oh was he suppose I
supposed to admit that well anyhow they
didn't even know she was rushing
fortunately we have a press and we have
the New York Times to watch the posts
and all the other PBS to everything else
Rudy's Meet the Press interview came
just one day after the New York Times
reported this weekend White House
Counsel Don McGann has cooperated
extensive with mowers rush investigation
isn't Wow the report said Trump into a
week on a weekend long Twitter tirade
that continued into this morning Trump
deferred to the disgrace to discredit
Bob Muller and this whole group of angry
Democrat thugs he calls them he added
mowers angry Dems are looking to impact
the election and he wrote the failing
New York Times wrote a fake piece today
implying it because White House Counsel
he spells it with a seed dime again was
giving hours of testimony of this
special counsel he must be a John Dean
type right but I allowed him and all
others to testify I didn't have to I
have nothing died well today the New
York Times reported McGann's
participates in with more may present
another problem for Trump his legal team
namely they don't know what he actually
told investigators Michael that was a
helmet piece yesterday and I think it
was like pulling the tablecloth off the
table and leaving all this summer were
there because Trump doesn't seem to know
what you got Trump and you've been you
broke this story that begin 30 hours of
testimony at least Trump did not know
the extent of this he thought he sees
lawyers as people that fix his problems
the idea of a White House Council is a
hard one for him to understand someone
that represents the institution he
thought me an honest guy
he thought McGann would go in and say
hey mother here's why the president has
done nothing wrong
as if he was a defense lawyer as if he
was explaining to him I don't think he
appreciated the fact that McGann was
going in as a public servant answer
detailed questions about the
investigation in an open ending
wide-ranging way but what this is there
that we've always suggested everybody
can get in here I'm Tina never you mean
omission and Susan the thing is that
we've always guessed what was in that
incredible what I call the the iceberg
of what he knows I mean you guys know a
lot of the big papers but he knows a lot
and you meet under start with you on
this it seems to me that if he had 30
hours with the president's own lawyer
who's sitting in the room all the time
with Trump his White House lawyer he
knows a hell will
to sort of fill in the blanks here of
his case against the president
well here's the thing that I thought was
most remarkable about Michaels reporting
the fact that you reported that
president that Dom McGann went in there
as I'm legal with his own lawyer and
realizing that he did not want to be the
person who's gonna be the scapegoat for
this and that dovetails with the
reporting that I've done with sources
that say there are people that work in
the White House were very worried about
what legal impact just being in the
presence of all this might have on them
and as a result they've hired lawyers to
protect themselves so 30 hours of
testimony I have no idea obviously what
he said but the idea that he knows that
much but also that he had his own lawyer
making sure that he was going to be
protected tells you that he was worried
about what was he was gonna have to say
she knew somebody put arrows River that
sees it world war 2 where the arrows are
pointing to the enemy and the different
salience are coming in you've got
McCullen talking you've got Manafort
potentially wrong you gotta clean
definitely talking you've got you've got
McGann talking all coming and now
probably Amorosa talking all these
informations coming in and Trump plan to
plan a play don't sink in and I think
there probably more I mean there are
other people who were talking and that
we don't know about probably I think
it's one thing that Muller has just
strictly from McGann that he would have
that he wouldn't otherwise have in this
form is a it's probably surely a
detailed very accurate timeline
involving various decisions meeting
conversations that could go into an
obstruction case we don't have a sense
of what he might have had to say that
could go into a collusion or conspiracy
case but we don't know that there was
nothing we don't know the before hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
