welcome to the second hour of KCDC with
me on set co-founder of foundry
strategies an MSNBC political analyst
Rick Tyler Washington bureau chief for
vice news Shana Thomas and from
Nashville presidential historian and
MSNBC contributor Jon Meacham he is of
course the author of the book the soul
of America the battle for our better
angels and John we're gonna start with
you because the president tweeted today
quote study the late Joseph McCarthy
because we are now in period with Muller
and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy
look like a baby
rigged witch hunt could you please give
us all a history lesson about Joseph
McCarthy and how this is relevant or not
yeah this is a case where I think he's
suggesting the wrong course the more you
look at Joe McCarthy the more you
realize that Joe McCarthy has become
president not the Joe McCarthy is is
working in the special counsel's office
Joe McCarthy was a junior senator from
West from Wisconsin on Lincoln's
birthday in 1950 he gave a speech in
Wheeling West Virginia where he said he
had in his hand the names of 205
communists the number wandered down in
the State Department the number wandered
down to 57 and ultimately he didn't find
any he came to anti-communism late there
were communist agents in the government
but they'd been largely taken care of by
the Truman administration the the lesson
for us here is that Joe McCarthy was and
see if any of this sounds familiar
a freelance political performer
entranced and intoxicated by headlines
by his own name in print by his own
voice on the radio
ultimately his own face on television
and he was a figure of a new modern
media age that was unfolding in the
early 1950s and was ultimately undone
according to his own rudy giuliani a man
named Roy Cohn who by the way was Donald
Trump's lawyer when Trump was in New
York so sometimes as God just gives you
these parallels it was undone because he
exaggerated too much he overstated he
didn't deliver on what he had promised
and the idea that that Donald Trump
would be offering the the charge of
McCarthyism toward anyone else the word
irony no longer has in the application
in our era but it blows it up beyond
recognition at this point and it all of
course is cyclical let's get to some
brand-new reporting from The New York
Times and yet another concerning
headline for this president this one
reads quote Trump's lawyers sudden
realization they don't know what Don
began told Muller's team the paper
reported yesterday that McGann has been
cooperating extensively with the special
counsels Russia inquiry and now reports
that mr. McCann's lawyer has only
provided a limited accounting of what
mr. McGann said during some 30 hours of
questioning x writes quote the president
who said to be obsessed with that with
the role that John Dean the White House
Counsel to Richard Nixon played as an
informant during Watergate was jolted by
the notion that he did not know what mr.
McGann had shared meanwhile McGann
reportedly told others he was determined
to avoid the same fate as Dean as for
Dean himself he tweeted this weekend
that McGann is doing right oh and
Politico reported tonight that Michael
Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis has been
reaching out to Dean regularly over the
past few months and I'm sorry to keep
our panelists waiting but Jon Meacham
what since we're sticking in history
here with John Dean fascinating that
both the President of the United States
as well as his lawyer are thinking about
John Dean in this particular moment
because Dean himself did what he did and
please help fill in the gaps for some of
our viewers who may have forgotten these
these bits of their mission American
history classes but essentially he was
afraid he was going to be the scapegoat
absolutely Dean was a very young he was
32 33 years old when he was in the Nixon
White House he was brought in as White
House Counsel
he was in and out of a number of
meetings in the very hard-hitting Nixon
White House he was the first real break
in the administration
as Watergate began to unfold the
Watergate the Watergate break-in
remember was June 17th 1972 the
Watergate hearings didn't start I think
until May of 73 and then the drama took
another 14 months or so until Nixon
resigned Dean was that figure as the
hearings were taking off who was
incredibly adept at framing the issue as
he famously said I believe that there's
a cancer growing on the presidency by
which he meant the the Nixon cover-up
which was ultimately proven out by the
tapes where Nixon was saying we should
use one agency to block another agency
to keep the investigation from unfolding
one of the things I think is so
interesting about the the evocation
invocation of John Dean at this point is
River Trump's frame of history is not
what I would call wide but because of
his long time' so I'm trying to be you
know Sunday so we're being nice because
of Roger stone be cut in stone of course
was was a great Nixon night and a
longtime trump advisor the Nixon example
is very real to the President Trump and
Dean is in the in the world the the
iconography of Nixon and Watergate Dean
is the rat as Nixon as a trump that
there's Freud for you as Trump said this
this weekend so there there is this this
obsession I think that a and I would
think this so take it for what it's
worth I think the fact that the Trump
that the president has both invoked Joe
McCarthy and Watergate in a very short
period of time does suggest that he
feels the walls closing yet those are
the two of the most portentous two of
the most divisive and ultimately
devastating stories for their principals
Joe McCarthy was censured by the Senate
and died an alcoholic death really in in
1957 and of course President Nixon had
to leave Washington in disgrace I think
there's something telling about the fact
that these are the examples that
the presidents going back to Shana
Thomas what's your what's your take on
that I mean I I think that perhaps the
president is starting to learn the right
lesson about what the White House
counsel's job is by an O King John Dean
and here's the thing is that it seems he
confuses a lot of things like he calls
it a witch hunt but is he talking about
himself and collusion or is he talking
about the overall idea of like what
Muller is investigating the White House
Counsel
is not his personal lawyer and I think
that is starting to become very clear to
the president and maybe his personal
lawyers like Rudy Giuliani are finally
telling him that is that it is not Don
McGann's job to protect the president of
the it's not dummy Dan job protected
president Trump it's Don Mahon's job to
protect the presidency right and if that
also combines with Don began trying to
protect himself from having to go to
jail which I believe John Dean had to do
in that situation then then I think Don
McGann's gonna work for himself and work
for the White House and maybe work for
the American people but he does not work
for President Trump
The Times did report this winter that
the president has been frustrated with
his legal team McGann was asked in March
of 2017 with preventing Attorney General
Jeff Sessions from recusing himself from
the Russia investigation quote mr.
McGann was unsuccessful and the
president erupted in anger in front of
numerous White House officials saying he
needed his attorney general to protect
him mr. Trump said he had expected his
top law enforcement official to
safeguard him the way he believed Robert
Kennedy as Attorney General had done for
his brother and Eric Holder had for
Barack Obama mr. Trump then asked
where's my Roy Cohn Cohn of course was
the hard-charging much reviled lawyer
and mentor to trump who prosecuted
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg and made his
name assisting the aforementioned
Senator Joe McCarthy and later fought
back wave after wave of federal charges
tooth and nail I'm outlining 15 specific
documental instances where Morgenthau's
office as I say is called down young
ladies I go with and interrogated them
frightened lawyers out of the office got
in the hold of every bank with which I
deal in my firm deals well it's
latest bimonthly indictment of mr.
Morgan's house is deceitful dishonest
and a cheap grandstand play he tries his
cases with the smear headlines and he
loses them when they get to courts this
thing is made up out of whole cloth and
it's just a continuation of mr. Morgan
thous than data against me I wonder if
God Rudy Guiliani has been studying
those tapes Rick Tyler this is a
president who to a certain extent seems
to be increasingly on an island his
original legal team is no longer working
for him the lawyers inside the White
House Don McGann has cooperated with
Muller's team jeff sessions obviously
still recused to a certain extent it's
clear that it seems as though the walls
are closing in is shauna notes but so
what's I mean what's next here well if
you don't have a description
subscription in New York time she really
should get one for the stories really
this it really walks through and you
have to remember it was Dowd who had
this uh.this strategy that we're going
to be transparent right and that kind of
led over and into where McGann was and
them again was told to fire jeff
Sessions he attempted to do that but I
think in that process he realized that
he was putting himself at risk what's
shocking here is it took this long for
for us to see and I don't know the White
House and apparently the President to
know that Don began was cooperate he
knew he was cooperating to what extent
he was cooperating but to the extent
that Don McGann is actually trying to
one as Shauna said he understands that
he he represents the presidency or
defense presidency not donald trump
personally but second that he could be
caught up on all this and that it looked
as if he was protecting himself from
donald trump actually setting him up to
be the fall guy in other words when the
when the proverbial hit the fan he was
going to be able to say but I got all
this terrible legal advice from Don
began Don began is now inoculated
himself from that well and that that's
essentially where the John Dean
comparison comes from because Dean part
of what spurred his cooperation was his
own fear that he was going to be
scapegoated by Nixon and the rest of the
team around him i Don began is an
interesting figure to me in this Shan I
mean I'm
I stood and watched a lot of Trump's
announcement standing next to him in the
lobby of Trump Tower talking about I
mean I was surprised to see him because
he was somebody who has been around
Washington for a long time worked on the
Federal Election Commission
you know his the you bump into him at
kappa lounged or you know wherever we
used to go and we were in our twenties
you know but there he was at the
announcement and sometimes people forget
that he was kind of involved in the
campaign and its earliest stages and
incarnations and has really been you
know kind of sometimes not necessarily
the central player but oftentimes in the
room yeah and and people are in that's
one of the issues with the Comey
situation was how much does Don McGann
know about what President Trump told
Comey and that kind of thing but I also
think as he's someone who's been around
DC but also was working for President
Trump when he was candidate Trump to a
certain extent he probably also kind of
had to grow into that job to the grete
job of White House Counsel he had to
figure out what it entailed and probably
the idea of being the guy behind trying
to convince Jeff Sessions not to recuse
himself was probably a lesson for him
because I mean that that speaks what I
was saying before Jeff Sessions doesn't
work for the president I'd stay Jeff
session works for the American people in
the Department of Justice Don McGann was
probably learning on the job and perhaps
he has also read John Dean's book and
has now figured out how he should be
handling this I don't think that means
Dom McGann is not doing his job well as
White House Counsel but I do think it
means he needs to figure out how this
affects him personally you know I think
that's been a consideration as well
that's waited very heavily on a lot of
people that departed the White House as
well hey there are Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
