we are continuing to watch how the
politics of impeachment could impact the
2018 midterms and of course the 2020
presidential election to come more than
a dozen Republican politicians activists
and consultants tell Politico they're
increasingly convinced a Democratic
House victory in the midterms and
subsequent impeachment push would
actually help the president in 2020
quote proponents of the go-for-broke
scenario argue that trumps at his best
when his back is against the wall and
then a move to impeach would both rally
the base and make the president
sympathetic to moderate voters of course
it's not just Republicans who think
that's the case Democratic Leader Nancy
Pelosi has repeatedly warned her caucus
about the dangers surrounding the
impeachment threat here she is back in
April I had said over and over again
that I'm not invited on one I don't
think that we should be talking about
impeachment and I would discourage any
discussion of impeachment on a political
side I think it's a gift to the
Republicans to talk about impeachment
and here's former White House chief
strategist deep Bannon in an exclusive
interview with MSNBC on Friday when they
say they're not talking about
impeachment because they've looked at
the crosstabs in the polling and they
understand what we put impeachment on
the ballot that is a way to get all of
the deployables out even if the
congressman in your district is a rhino
that you have to come out to support
President Trump
joining the conversation Democratic
congresswoman Karen bass of California
congressman thanks so much for coming on
so I want to start with what we just
talked through there do you agree with
Nancy Pelosi that this conversation
around impeachment is something that
should be you know put off that should
not be the centerpiece of the 2018
midterms for Democrats I certainly don't
think it should be the centerpiece but
at the end of the day an individual
running has to work their district and
if that's an important issue in their
district but I really think that most
voters want to hear about why should you
elect Democrats why should you put
Democrats in charge what are you going
to do if you're in charge I really think
that's the more important issue where do
you think the energy of the Democratic
Party is right now I mean Tom Styer has
been running around the country doing
impeachment related events and has drawn
crowd reportedly drawn crowds of
hundreds
like Tulsa Oklahoma where you wouldn't
normally expect a crowd like that do you
think that that's that's where the
energy is and that many people need to
make sure that they at least try to
embrace that well I do think that in
some areas you find the energy there and
he's certainly finding it in areas that
you wouldn't expect but when it really
comes down to it when you're actually
talking one-on-one with voters they want
to hear about healthcare they want to
hear about jobs they want to hear about
how you are going to make their life
better and yeah impeachment the
investigation Trump all of that is of
interest but when it really comes down
to the conversations they want to know
about themselves and their communities I
want to ask you about again
Nancy Pelosi has come under fire from
Republicans you know she has has said
you know they spend all kinds of money
against her they demonize her she is of
course raises a lot of money she defends
herself as somebody with many
legislative accomplishments setting that
aside if in fact she were not to be
either because she couldn't or because
she decided to step aside did not become
the next democratic leader would you
ever consider letting for that post
actually it's not something that I have
thought about but let me just tell you
that I do think within the Democratic
caucus there is a lot of talent there's
a lot of talent there's new folks coming
in there's people that have been there
for a long time there's this concept of
a bridge I think there's a lot of
discussion going on in our caucus right
now do you think you could serve as a
bridge like that potentially well it's
not actually something I thought about I
did serve as Speaker in California but
you know I'm looking to be helpful to
the caucus and doing whatever I can to
bring people together you know I serve
in a role right now where I deal with
the rules of the Democratic caucus and
I've tried to take on that position in a
way that brings people together so my
focus has not been on that my very
serious and honest focus has been on
getting those seats and I live in Los
Angeles where we have a lot of seats
right around my area right what about
Jim Clyburn he is currently the number
three in your caucus and he sort of
floated the idea of potentially being
that bridge that you mentioned do you
think that would represent generational
change
I think mr. Clyburn is one of the
revered and respected members in our
caucus and the concept of a generational
change is something that people are
absolutely considering you know when you
are talking about a generational change
I think in some respects people are
referring to age but in some respects
people are referring to people who have
not been there for a long time I believe
what mr. Clyburn is considering is the
idea that he would serve for a short
period of time as a bridge and I do
believe he's one of the most respected
members in our house at this point what
do you think is missing from the
Democratic message in the fall that your
leader should be talking about more well
I actually think our message is pretty
strong I mean again we're running on
what we would do when we would get back
and the number one thing is health care
you know the Republicans have been
killing the Affordable Care Act one step
at a time and we need to absolutely deal
with prescription drug prices we need to
deal with pre-existing conditions the
advertising so people know to sign up
for the Affordable Care Act jobs it's
great that unemployment is is down
however you know in many places in the
country people are working two and three
jobs people need to make more money and
so looking at those two things I believe
are number one and number two in terms
of the issues that we should focus on
all right so that's sort of sometimes
it's not always how this campaign plays
out we have this ad from House Majority
PAC I want to show you we'll talk about
it they've shut down the government
resigned in
paid hush money and tried to end
Medicare and Social Security here's how
Republicans might have to answer for
next Jim Jordan remind you of Joe
Paterno Kevin McCarthy Paul Ryan's
protege with a lot of baggage and Steve
Scalise late to KKK leader David Duke no
wonder they aren't looking out for you
sad fair well I think there's a lot of
facts in that ad but it is a negative ad
and I would certainly like to see us run
on a more positive message that might be
an ad that's focused in a pretty heavy
Republican district where you're really
trying to critique the Republican
leadership and say you know they've been
in office now for a long time and what
has that gotten us not very far so I
really think that as Democrats we need
to show that we are for the people for
the average person not just passing tax
cuts for the wealthy which is what the
Republicans have done taken away health
care they couldn't repeal it but what
they what they've been doing is
murdering it death by a thousand cuts
and we need to do what we can to repair
the Affordable Care Act and improve it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
