this whole there's old McGann thing
leaked from them if they had if they had
a some kind of evidence that there was
collusion or there was obstruction don't
you think it'd have been leaks I mean
they leaked it yeah I mean let's talk
with collusion I mean the Trump Tower
meeting itself is at least evidence of
you better investigate it's it's a how
is it not well because the meeting was
originally for the purpose of getting
information about about Clinton the
meeting turned into a meeting which in
itself it's attempted collusion I
understand you just said it
if meeting was intended to get dirt on
Hillary Clinton from a Commodore lawyer
no no the intention of the meeting you
just said it that was the original
intention of the meeting it turned out
to be a meeting about another subject
and it was not pursued at all and of
course any meeting with regard to
getting information on your opponent is
something any candidates staff would
take if someone said I have information
about your opponent you would take that
meeting if it happens to be from the
Russians
she didn't represent the Russian
government she's a private citizen I
don't even know if they knew she was in
Russia at the time all they had was her
name she was Russian I think they do she
was Russian but well they knew it when
they met with her not when they set up
the meeting you told me you asked me you
know did they show an intention to do
anything with Russians well all they
knew is that a woman with a Russian name
wanted to meet with them they didn't
know she was a representative Russian
governor and indeed she's not a
representative of the Russian government
so this is much ado about nothing plus
the present United States was an act
that meeting he didn't know about that
meeting he found out about it after and
by the time he found out about it it was
nothing for collusion good luck Mullis
yes that really happened
joining me now is Richard painter chief
White House Ethics lawyer under george w
bush
Natasha Abbott Ron staff writer at the
Atlantic and Joyce Vance former US
Attorney let me go to you Joyce first
according to
Rudy Guiliani to agree to meeting with
someone that says from Russia we have
information against your opponent
according them there's not collusion
there's not improper and is not illegal
what does what saith the vow I'll put it
that way is Sunday I would have to
disagree with Giuliani in this regard
there is a very clear federal statute
that makes it illegal to accept a
donation intended to influence a u.s.
campaign from a foreign citizen not a
foreign citizen who's part of that
government simply from a foreign citizen
so just as a baseline before we even
talk about a conspiracy to collude with
the Russians there's a campaign finance
issue and Giuliani's claimed that the
campaign folks who met with miss
Navratilova didn't didn't realize her or
rather miss bezel Nets Kyah didn't
realize that she was coming from the
Russian government defies this entire
email chain that we've seen where the
contact to Donald Trump jr. comes from
someone who he knows in Russia and there
is indication that it's someone who's
well placed in government this is just
Giuliani doing exactly what he says
truth isn't true Richard because we've
heard at first they were meeting about
adoptions and wanting to deal with the
whole question of adoptions then we
hearing this and that now we are led to
believe by Rudy Giuliani this morning
that the meeting was just some Russian
citizen who wanted to pass on
information that never really passed it
on how could someone like that get
Donald Trump's son the chairman of his
campaign I mean get all of these major
players in his campaign to the table if
that's all that was I mean look at who
was in the room Richard it's quite
obvious what's going on there there's a
quid pro quo here Russia wanted lifting
of the sanctions against
in connection with the invasion in parts
of the Ukraine in return was going to
provide damaging information on Hillary
Clinton that's what this is about this
that is what everybody knew it was about
that's why you have the top two people
in the Trump campaign there it is
the meeting that is very very likely to
be illegal in violation of campaign
finance laws when I was at the Bush
White House if I had heard of that type
of meeting taking place between anyone
the Republican National Committee or any
campaign and a Russian national in that
situation I would have called the FBI
I just finished running a Senate
campaign the Democratic ticket and there
also if I'd heard about any of those
types of meetings with a Russian
national with that type of information
damaging information on an opponent I
would have called the FBI this is a
atrocious or that this happened and that
the president and his supporters
continue to deny that it was collusion
and very likely to be illegal collusion
with a foreign power immature shocks me
the people at or declined an election of
Florida and force aerial foul right
Natasha I think that's one of the things
that did that become mind-boggling and I
don't know if it's they're panicking at
the White House or they're just trying
to spend so much that they want the
public to get tired because they get
confused with a different story every
other day but they have given so many
different stories as to why this meeting
took place and what took place in the
meeting but it is create a meeting
happen with the top people in his
campaign including his son and
son-in-law in the room and that this
meeting had wait otherwise they would
not have had such type people there and
I think that when you listen to Amoroso
earlier in the interview she did with me
this morning of politics nation they are
just some very very let's say
destructive people in terms of how
the hey and getting dirt on the opponent
would fall in line with that right so I
think that their belief is that if they
just spin the story and just continue to
confuse the public about what actually
happened by changing their stories so
often that ultimately no one will know
what happened and they won't believe
anything that they see hear or read and
this is exactly what we saw Giuliani
doing when he claimed that the president
never brought up Michael Flynn with the
former the I director Jim Comey and that
was of course a dramatic shift from what
Giuliani himself had acknowledged in in
weeks prior so this is another example
of what he's doing which is just trying
to confuse and distract and of course
it's just a complete lie that the
president's son did not know that this
was a Russian government effort to
provide information about Clinton to the
campaign because the email itself says
in black and white this is part of the
Russian government support for the
president and his campaign I mean Rob
Goldstone the music publicist spelled it
out pretty well in that email so there
is absolutely no way that they could say
that they did not know about this and I
think that you know there's this idea
that there was no follow-up after the
meeting that's also false because Rob
Goldstone again this music publicist was
emailing dance Covino than the social
media manager for the campaign
encouraging him to set up a Russian
social media page for the campaign and
he said that that was also discussed at
this meeting so that was yet another
topic of discussion that we did not know
about so it's just more of a journal
trip coming out of this meeting and of
course you know the infamous statement
that Trump first drafted about this
meeting was of course false he said that
this was only an effort by a Natalya
vessel night skiatoo to bring
information about Russian adoption
policy and didn't mention anything about
that we've had so many different stories
here and enjoy civ if you think that's
confusing let me show you what uh mr.
Giuliani said about the truth this
morning when you tell me that you know
he should testify because he's going to
tell the truth he should what
well that's so silly because it's
somebody's version of the truth not the
truth he didn't have a conversation this
crowd I don't be to go like I know it
isn't truth truth isn't truth the
president united states says I didn't
roots as a truth mr. mayor do you
realize what I know don't do this to me
don't restrain Donald Trump says I
didn't talk about Flynn with call me
call me says you did talk about it so
tell me what the truth is time McGann
life you're such a genius John McGann
John McCain doesn't know Joey's help me
please you know it's Sunday I've been a
preacher a long time I've never truly in
truth what does that mean I mean that's
not even rational if you have to resort
to truth isn't truth particularly as a
lawyer you're in a very dark place
you're in a place where you know your
client is in a lot of trouble because we
all know that there is a truth and when
two witnesses tell different stories in
an investigation which is what Giuliani
is pointing to here the job for
investigators is to go look at evidence
that corroborates one version or the
other but Trump has tried to maintain
throughout this but the truth is what he
says the truth is a couple of weeks ago
he said you can't believe what you see
you can't believe what you hear and at
bottom it's this effort by his
administration to convince the American
people that that there is no truth that
is the most disheartening part of this
whole endeavor because there is truth
it's what prosecutors like folks in my
former job do every day in court helped
juries make determinations about what is
the truth there is a truth about this
presidency and it's time for the
American people
to learn what it is now Richard in the
White House isn't it time for someone to
call this to order and say look this
is what is legal this is what is ethical
this is what we do and all other
nonsense goes to the side and those that
are violated including the president
have to be held accountable I mean you
can't have this flexible or truthin and
ethics and people just move around and
reinterpret and reposition things
according to what is in their interests
somebody needs to establish order in
that White House as has been done in
every administration whether I agree
with the politics or not I've never seen
a situation where you have this kind of
disarray in kind of almost moving ball
morality around the West Wing yes indeed
and this is just a rehash of what
Kellyanne Conway said when she talked
about alternative facts there is such a
thing as objective truth and those on
the extreme left and extreme right have
persistently consistently attacked the
objective truth the notion of objective
truth this is the way Hitler talked in
his political campaigns about truth and
that there is no such thing as objective
truth I say what the truth is
this is a distortion of the truth that's
combined with extreme racism and extreme
religious bigotry it is very dangerous
for our country the white house is not
going to fix this problem it is up to
the United States Congress to address
that the Constitution has an impeachment
Clause and the Congress is not
investigating it is their obligation to
hold hearings as they did in 1973 in
1974 the respect to President Nixon to
inquire into obstruction of justice
abuse of power and violation of the
United States Constitution and they
aren't doing anything they're sitting on
their rear end griping about Hillary
Clinton's email and attack and the FBI
out the voters throw every last one of
them out the door all right
Richard will join us in our next hour
thank you to Natasha and Bertrand and
joy
Vance Moore I am joy after the break hey
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
