at the podium and guarantee the American
people they'll never hear Donald Trump
utter the n-word on a recording in any
context I can't guarantee anything but I
can tell you that the president
addressed this question directly I can
tell you that I've never heard it
welcome back I too am joy I'm al
Sharpton
in for joy read this week Donald Trump's
old press secretary couldn't guarantee
that a tape of Trump using the n-word
isn't out there but do we really need a
tape considering some of the past
statements mr. Trump has made when
Mexico sends its people they're not
sending their best they're bringing
drugs they're bringing crime they're
rapists and some I assume are good
people Donald J Trump is calling for a
total and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States but you also
had people that were very fine people on
both sides wouldn't you love to see one
of these NFL owners when somebody
disrespects our flag to say get that son
of a bitch off the field right now out
he's fired joining me now is tor a host
of the tor ratio and Virginia Republican
Senate candidate Corey Stewart let me go
to you first so Corey if in fact there
is a tape with Donald Trump
using the n-word would you then say that
he is a racist and that now this is
something that has been raised by a
black woman who was the highest profile
person in his administration so it's not
those of us that you call on the left
raising this this is someone who was his
layers on to us Dennis said that she's
heard this tape if it exists
what would be your position as a
candidate for Senate in Virginia Wow
look first of all Reverend thanks for
having me on the show but the truth is
there's no evidence at all that it
exists and and even if it existed
the fact is or didn't exist the fact is
you've already proclaimed him you and
the rest of the press have already
proclaimed them a racist if he wants to
secure the border it's about race if he
wants to ensure that our NFL players are
respecting our country it's about race
if he wants to cut taxes about race
everything according to the left-wing
media is always about race that's what
he does mr. Stewart I am well aware of
my position and I'm asking you about
Corey Stewart who's running for office
what your position would be if the tape
exists I know my position
yeah the tape doesn't exist the
president's already said there's no
capable of doing that so you okay
Touareg the fact is that this came from
as you know I'm a Rasta man ago was
chosen by mr. Trump to represent him as
a liaison to the black community
hence center to my convention reached
out to many of us many times went to
black journalists and all she's the one
saying she heard to take this is a trump
former Trump supporter so this is not me
saying he's raised everybody knows my
position on mr. Trump and of course
dudes right about there we're talking
about her saying there's a tape I want
to go back to the beginning of the
segment where you play Sarah Sanders
Sarah Huckabee Sanders lies every single
day on behalf of Donald Trump this issue
she will not lie about on this she's
like well we don't know I can't
guarantee I mean if he's on tape saying
the n-word then her lying about it would
be the least of their problems but even
given that she's like I'm not lying
about that I don't know we'll find out
together but look we don't need to hear
him say
the n-word - no he's racist he has one
of the longest resumes of racist
behavior and rhetoric in this entire
country not just among politicians but
just among people this is the king of
birtherism this is the man who's
attacking the NFL constantly this is a
man who stands on black people's necks
so that he can appear taller - white
people white nationalism and white
entitlement were at the basis of his
campaign we don't need any more evidence
the jury is in no mr. steward you you
running for Senator in a state that has
a large black population and you and I
disagree but we invite you all and let
me ask you something since you have so
many black citizens in Virginia and you
are offering them to be their senator
how do you define racism I mean you say
everybody on the Left always yells race
you called me a race baiter how do you
define racism you know I gotta tell you
something as Virginia all right okay all
right I'm not trying to be condescending
here oh I'm just trying to explain what
I've seen out there and that is that as
I go around Virginia people are not
obsessed with race the way that you are
and the rest of the left-wing media is
but you're I think racism you know the
winnaman women I want him to tell me
what is racism do you believe there is a
thing called racism what is it of course
I mean it's using race as a basis to
treat somebody differently in a very
negative way the way that you would
treat somebody else with a different all
right now so if that still exists
because we still see even in a strong
economy blacks are still doubly
unemployed - white we still see in the
criminal justice system any number of
studies even under Republicans that
we're sentence more so when you say this
obsession on the left word race if we
are according to data even by
Republicans administration's
discriminated against
and you happen to be born black or brown
you're not obsessed with it you are in
you have to deal with your reality well
let me ask you this then we have a
president that because of his economic
policies the economy is booming along
and we have the lowest unemployment rate
ever for African Americans it is still
doubled back to white it is certainly
better under this economy and it started
under President Obama he inherited the
trend but we're still doubly unemployed
away I'm glad you brought it up what is
Trump's program then to bring that down
where we are no longer doubly unemployed
how does he close that gap well I'll
tell you that he's closing that gap he's
raising everybody up how you know
government how is he coming together is
he gonna have affirmative action he is
going everybody everybody is going if
everybody's equally raise doubly
unemployed if it's equal raise all right
so let me let me put out a couple
statistics out there for you bro is you
know all right go ahead go ahead
I wish you would be on your show but I
wish you let me talk once in a while you
have to say no explain to me how we're
going to make equally those that can get
jobs in this country you have the flow
yeah you know the thing is is that we're
just trying to raise everybody up
everybody just we want to raise
everybody up everybody's income it's not
it's not a difference that matters among
race the fact of the matter is when real
wages are rising the fastest clip in 20
years
working-class wages that has a
disproportionate positive impact for
working-class Americans especially
African Americans and Hispanics and
other minorities who have a
disproportionate share of those
working-class jobs that's what the
president is doing by standing up to our
foreign trade partners bringing back
manufacturing bringing back good jobs
ever
but he is benefiting an tonight he does
not result in how you explain that we're
still doubly unemployed away and whether
is three to six where there's one to two
whether it's ten to twenty we are still
dozens of the trumps wait a minute wait
a minute you wanted before you had it
with his Torah stories presentation part
of what I hear is part of why black
people are not dealing with the GOP at
this point he's talking about that we
are obsessed with race right and he has
this colorblind approach that everybody
will rise and we know that's not the
case right this is a white supremacist
country and we have to deal with that
every day in everything and are we
relate to the police and how we relate
to jobs and how we rates in the criminal
justice system in everything and when
you talk about we are obsessed with race
what we hear is I don't want to deal
with race I want to not talk about it
you should not talk about it and that is
to us in that you're just going to not
deal with it at all we have to deal with
it and you will never have more than a
sliver of the black community voting for
you as long as you're talking about we
are obsessed with race which is a way of
saying stop talking about it stop
telling me to stop talking about it this
is an incredibly important thing that
affects my life and I understand as a
straight white male that doesn't affect
your life but if you want to represent
other people including black Virginians
then you need to deal with what is
actually affecting their lives hey Tory
you don't actually know very much about
me I represent one of the most in fact
the first majority minority county in in
Virginia in Northern Virginia the
second-largest locality in that state
and it's it's a majority minority County
I would not have been elected four times
countywide
if not for the strong support from the
african-american community and other
minorities and Mike in my community and
you know the reason they vote for me is
because they understand that I'm out
there for everybody supporting them
supporting their schools supporting
their roads improving their economy and
the fact of the matter is what's good
for this is good for everybody and
wouldn't
you guys in the media you're in a media
bubble out there Tory and you just don't
understand that most Americans out there
don't care and they don't care that much
about race
you guys are so obsessed with your
encouraged more important Cory let me
say this I had you on my show and I went
and preached in Charlottesville and I
visited your County and hundreds of
blacks came out and told me that they
are concerned about race and they are
not getting the same treatment of others
in your County so maybe you're not
talking to everybody when you're going
around Virginia
maybe the reason that you're not hearing
a lot about race is you're not talking
to a lot of people that have a different
race couldn't that be the case court no
it's not in fact I've been visiting
hundreds of people at state fairs and
shopping malls and in grocery stores in
schools I'm talking to normal people in
Prince William County I don't know you
say go to church in Virginia yesterday
yesterday yesterday I visited the mosque
in my community I visit African American
churches concerned about race you know
what you know they're concerned about
their concern about let me tell you what
they tell told me their concern about
they want this good economy to continue
going they want the economy to continue
to grow they want to make sure that
their kids are in good schools they want
to make sure that the kids have jobs
after they're out of school
sounds like your job they want their
kids have equal opportunity get those
jobs they want to have equal opportunity
in the jams there any of the criminal
justice system in anything I mean come
on is there anything that you're black
constituents or potential black
constituents want that your white
constituents don't need no nothing it's
all the same thing nothing no issues
around that major tonality no issues
around criminal justice lips no issues
around economics there's no difference
you know the black and white
constituents need let me let me tell you
something I've been listening to my
constituents for a long long time in
Utah I'll tell you whether there
white or black or Hispanic or Asian they
respect our police they don't whine
about you know that the police are the
enemy they respect our police and our
police have a very good relationship
with the entire community including the
minority communities respectfully we
disrespect police to break the law and
we disrespect police that a brutal but
let me ask you something you running
statewide in Virginia and I know a lot
of the Virginia black leadership - met
former mayor of Richmond Virginia Dwight
Jones is on the board of my civil rights
organization named me the black leaders
in Virginia essentially have such a
great record in your County maybe the
black leaders that are supporting you
for the Senate well I'll tell you you
know I'm not gonna go out there and name
some individuals that you know but I'm
gonna tell you that there's a lot of
people behind me a lot of an anima not
going to make the religion about the
names talked about all of these people
you talk to named me three black leaders
name me one that supported you since you
have this great record it would seem to
me that since you had this great record
and blacks you say I voted for you over
and over again that there has to be some
black leadership in Virginia that knows
about your great record and they're
supporting you for the Senate named them
your national team you know here's a
alright here's the thing Reverend and I
think you you're you're stuck back in
the 1960s mentioned this year we're not
talking about the 1963 mark which I'm
not rich now 18 Corey Stewart is running
he has said on national TV
he's been voted on several times by
blacks in this county and I'm asking him
for the third time to name me one black
leader in Virginia that's supporting you
for the Senate because I'm sure if you
had that record they'd have to be at
least one that says send this man to the
Senate he will fight for everybody
equally named you know I don't think
like you do you you think top down you
think that if
give me a bottom up give me a bottom up
you're so obsessed with race forever and
it's unbelievable
policy if you ask them to put a face on
what they represent they can't then
we're obsessed with race yeah he's the
one that said he likes in his County
Louisville he's the one that said on
some same name them give me a name of a
me I I understand your pain Reverend
it's a very difficult interview he's
unable to answer any of the questions
later we could ask him if the civil war
over slavery that will be about that
about he maintain the statues and or we
already been there but let me get back
to pray it and get back to for somebody
who's my age you had I'd know that the
country's moved on people don't look at
race anymore like that I mean people we
have mixed communities today mixed
families people don't look at each other
based upon their race first anymore
we've moved on America's benefited in
America's better today that it was I
wish that the nation had moved on I wish
that it would be just that easy to say
that bias is gone but it's simply not it
is deeply ingrained in all of us and as
a nation we continue to see black and
brown people as worth less that's why we
have a national organization that's
called black lives matter because that
essential phrase just needs to be said
and we have a president who is openly
racist and the David dukes and the
Richard Spencer's of the world support
and celebrate and worship Him and we
have a significantly deep problem in
this country and I understand that as a
straight white man you think we've moved
on because it's not a problem my problem
let me say this I think that our Satori
I think for you to see that I think that
we've got to turn very careful here
right America Cory has made a lot of
progress no doubt about it
but it has a long way to go and we made
the progress because we did deal with
race not avoided race and for you the
sake of progress right now feel doubly
unemployed I asked you to show me where
the progress is if we still have unequal
criminal justice system I asked you to
name me a black leader in your state
supporting me and just like Kelly and
Conway couldn't name the black in the
Trump administration you can't name a
black leader so we've made progress well
you see everything through the lens of
race I don't waste on what you say but
you're blind
I gave you the opportunity to just shut
me down and you busted my argument
that's why I love to have you I'm a good
man at heart and in action and I know
you think it jacks up your whole
embellishes your base that you go on and
Rumble with me but you never thought I
was going to really ask you to look
beyond the vans and let's see if the
Wizard really has any clothes back there
and you couldn't come out with your cape
on Cory I'm gonna give you another
chance
mixing mores like crazy Rev coming up
the latest on Trump's unprecedented
stripping of security clearances stay
with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
