I think the whole manner for trial is
very sad when you look at what's going
on there I think it's a very sad day for
our country he worked for me for a very
short period of time but you know what
he happens to be a very good person and
I think it's very sad
what they've done to Paul Manafort thank
you very much today president Trump
stood on the South Lawn of the White
House and lauded his former campaign
chair Paul Manafort as a jury was
actively deliberating mana Ford's fate
in his first trial on 18 counts
including financial fraud and money
laundering
the man Trump called a quote very good
person as a history of being lavishly
paid to work on behalf of authoritarian
leaders around the globe he also faces a
second trial next month the charges in
that one include conspiracy to defraud
the United States the president was also
asked today about a possible pardon for
Manta fort and he actually didn't say no
I don't talk about that Paul Manta
fort's attorney welcomed Trump's
comments on Manta Ford again which the
president made while the jury which is
not sequestered was still deliberating
mr. manna fort really appreciates the
support of President Trump the jury will
return at 9:30 a.m. on Monday joining me
now is MSNBC legal analyst and former
federal prosecutor Daniel Goldman who
was at the courthouse today Daniel let's
clear something up it is not common in a
federal case for a jury to be
sequestered so they hear what I mean
they're told not to listen to this stuff
but the fact is they can be exposed to
it in theory they can but they would be
violating their oath as jurors so I
think the implication of what the
president said today is unlikely to
reach the jury and should not reach the
jury the judge every morning asked them
if they have upheld their duty and not
to read anything or watch anything not
withstanding as difficult as that sounds
to us but certainly Paul Manafort heard
it and there's no question that there
are there's a message being sent from
the President to Paul Manafort and the
the interesting message when asked about
a partner when he says I don't discuss
that because they're also now he said
there were all sorts of reasons why Paul
Manafort if he knows something that
would be useful to the government has
not made a deal as of now and and and
there are some people who speculate that
could be one of those reasons and I'm
one of them I I think that the the even
though his lawyers seem to have a reason
why he would have two cases it doesn't
make any sense to choose to have two
separate cases and two trials the
defendant does not get any benefit from
having two bites at the Apple because
one conviction sends him to jail instead
the government gets two bites at the
Apple but given that we have a president
who has said repeatedly in the past when
people are treated unfairly that that is
a predicate for him pardoning them then
and now he's using that language today
that it's a sad day for our country he
tweeted about it several weeks ago in
comparing Manafort situation to Al
Capone and he's being treated unfairly
there's no question that given his own
track record that the president is
dangling the idea of a pardon for Paul
Manafort and he's laid the groundwork
for that with other pardons that he's
he's brought in let's just talk about
the time that juries to
they've been negotiating they've been
deliberating for about 12 hours some
people speculated this is such a tight
case on the part of the prosecution that
it would be fast does this mean anything
to you well it all depends on what kind
of jury you have there are some jurors
who are not inclined to get into the
weeds and analyze every document and go
through every element of every all 18
charges and then there are other jurors
and this one peers to be that like that
this type of jury that is going to
really do their job very seriously and
what's not only surprising about I
wouldn't say it's necessarily surprising
that they're taking this long but what
is surprising to me is that there have
been so few jury notes and in particular
that they have not asked for the
testimony of any witnesses which is very
common in trials when juries like you
know if they're debating with the with
each other about what someone said and
they'll say can we have the testimony of
this witness about X subject and that
has not happened at all so what we can
tell from their questions yesterday is
that they are really going through
carefully the evidence and the law but
we'll have to see I don't think there's
anything really to draw from it yet
other than that they're taking their job
very serious thanks for your analysis
Daniel we appreciate it Daniel Goldman
my pleasure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
