plans for a big military parade down
Pennsylvania Avenue this November has
been shelved due to skyrocketing costs
yesterday a Pentagon official told CNBC
the expected cost of this parade had
ballooned up to ninety a possible 92
million dollars just for a one-day
parade up from a beginning guesstimate
of twelve million twelve to ninety-two
well today Trump wrote on Twitter the
local politicians who run Washington DC
parens poorly no a windfall when they
see it one has to give us a price for
holding a great celebratory military
parade they wanted the number a number
so ridiculously high that I cancelled it
never lets someone hold you up DC's
mayor tweeted back saying yep a maritime
mural by Bowser mayor of Washington DC
the local politician who finally got
through to the reality star in the White
House with the realities twenty one
point six million dollars of parades
events demonstrations in Trump country
sad
you may remember by the way Trump got
military braid Envy after attending a
Bastille Day parade during a trip last
July to France I'm joined by the
hardball round sample tonight ginger
Gibson's political correspondent for
reuters jonathan allen's national
political reporter for NBC news and
digital and jeff Brennan is a White
House correspondent for NBC News Jeff
what do you make of this I mean I don't
know it seems if Trump really wanted
parade he would have gone back with the
numbers the number crunchers and got the
number down nearly everyone thought that
this parade was a bad idea except for
President Trump and when he tweeted
today that the DC is poorly run what he
was really doing doing was harkening
back to the DC of 1980s and 1990s then
yeah but in the public eye
it's run by African Americans and that
works for him you know well that's right
but we should say though that DC has a
budget surplus these days it has a high
bond rating Muriel Bowser's doing a by
all accounts a good job running the city
but that was not the DC that President
Trump wished he was running this Marion
Barry let's talk about you're talking
about Robert yeah by the way Jeff this
is so consistent with this guy okay
we're not shot good you talking about
Robert seaboard days in the old days
when he'd go back to West Virginia and
talk about how he's cutting welfare in
the city I mean that's the impression of
DC that a lot of people have Mira
browser as Jeff points out the most
popular DC mayor in history or certainly
in recent history but
I think the cleans your clean as a
whistle - it was a good for any big city
meant the key here is November they were
planning to do this in November the
president has a really good chance of
losing the house and then doing a
military-style parade I don't think it
mattered that the Pentagon didn't want
to pay for it the city didn't want to
pay for it I think he didn't want to
look like a fool after a bad election
having a military parade some of these
weapons are so heavy that they actually
leave tracks on tar hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
