perhaps the most odious ad in the entire
country which is saying something in the
cycle comes from Duncan Hunter the
california congressman indicted for
stealing campaign funds hunter is
smearing his opponent ad as as an
Islamic terrorist sympathizer
even though he's a Christian born in San
Diego with Secret Service security
clearance a markup on a jar is working
to infiltrate Congress he's three
different names to hide his family's
ties to terrorism he is being supported
by care we can't ignore joining me now
is a mark on panache our Democratic
candidate for Congress in California's
50th district are you surprised by the
tenor of these ads I'm not at all I mean
it's in fitting with everything else
we've seen and honestly what are we
doing as a nation we have policies we
have things we could talk about this is
a deeply unamerican ad and I feel like
John McCain if you were with us today
would be so appalled you'll remember he
stood up against a woman who tried to
disparage President Obama on the same
line of argument and I think the party
of McCain the party of Reagan even is
long gone and it's heartbreaking because
I have friends who are Republican it's
deeply an American it's not true I'm not
a security threat I was given it
clearance by the FBI the security threat
is Duncan Hunter who was criminally
indicted for spending a quarter million
dollars and the corruption smoking gun
that you talked about was when he paid
back sixty thousand dollars he is guilty
and it's only a matter of time until
people hold him accountable
I should note we invited Duncan hundred
appear on the program we did not hear
back from him of course not of course
not I would I would note that he
couldn't probably couldn't pass a
background check if he were to get a
routine job in the in the federal
government that needed security
clearance that's right for a couple of
reasons one the indictment to financial
instability he had to overdraft his
account by $35,000 three his well-known
documented excessive drinking and then
fourth the womanizing all those things
are things that are red flag if I had
any of that in my background I would not
have gotten a security clearance and
that's why the Speaker of the House Paul
Ryan Republican stripped and was
committee assignment on the Armed
Services Committee it's not me it's not
Hillary it's the Republicans taking them
off let me let me ask you this this
district I think is plus ten Republican
maybe I mean it's a pretty Republican
district
it was considered a safe seat before the
indictment it seems to me that he could
just go after you on say that the tax
cuts in Obamacare he could say I voted
for the tax cut bill and and and my
opponent would would not have and I
voted to repeal Obamacare and my
opponent would uphold Obamacare is that
what he is he doing that
he's not doing that and he has 10 years
of a record to run on and what is he
doing he's acting like an amateur
because he is and then he had his dad
come out and attacked me at a press
conference two days ago he can't even
stand on his own two feet like a grown
man this is a guy who knows more than
any pole we have three polls that have
his tied Chris but look at his ad his ad
tells you everything he's clearly
threatened we do have policy contrast I
want to expand Medicare for people you
know what he wants to do he wants to
raise the retirement age to 72 years old
his big bold idea for people who are
retiring is live longer work seven more
years then I'll give you your earned
benefit not the entitlement but the
Earned benefit a guy who's never worked
a day in his life after serving our
country has not work at Dana's life in
Congress and he's just out there
drinking and partying we need somebody
who will restore civility and integrity
to our country we need somebody who's in
a put country over party not their wife
under a bus and I think I'm ready to do
that well here's a question like it when
other than these ads what is what's the
what is the race about I mean it seems
to me that you've got a guy who's
indicted so he's backed into a corner
you've got yourself who he is trying to
I think in a if I you allow me to say a
really gross fashion try to paint as a
you know a terrorist or whatever but but
our the policy contrast president the
race at all I mean for me they are you
know he wants to take away health care
from 45,000 people in my district who
rely on the ACA for health care so he
defended is he defend that vote no he
doesn't talk about it he just talks
about me he's obsessed with me and this
is a guy who won't take personal
responsibility for his actions you'll
remember he blended DOJ for the
indictment he blamed his wife for the
indictment and I don't think his wife
signed off on individuals 15 through 18
and that indictment I know you know what
I'm talking about you talked about it
one of them was her friend she didn't
sign off on that well he doesn't want to
talk about our real issues because he
has no leg to stand on and it's
unfortunate we could debate the real
issues I had a debate two weeks ago he
didn't show up I've had 18 Town Hall's
this guy shows up to fewer town halls
and Ted Cruz does he want to make any
low
he refuses to debate me he had a dad
come out at a press conference to attack
me he won't even attack me himself he's
too much of a coward and unfortunately
that's what he wants to be but for me
look honestly I know there's a lot of
resistors who watch your show and my mom
is one of them but my stepdads a Vietnam
vet
he's a Trump supporter and this race for
him is not about the left and the right
it's about those inside the political
machine in Washington and those of us on
the outside and with regardless of
whether you're Republican or Democrat on
August 21st Chris when he got indicted
this became about do we want a law
breaker to be our lawmaker can we trust
somebody to pass laws he can't follow
himself it's about something that
transcends partisanship it's a post
partisan election now that has to do
with the character of our country and
the rule of law Congress Minh cannot
break the law you know what's funny is
that's certainly right and what those
ads are is his of his deepest desperate
ability to reset it as precisely a
partisan election because he thinks that
he can beat you that way a mark on
finish our thanks for being with me
happy to be here thank you Chris
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
