it's former White House chief strategist
bling their nod Steve been in the big
interview coming on tonight at 10
o'clock on MS with MSNBC zari Melbourne
City in for lawrence o'donnell steve
bennett was a leading force of course in
Trump's presidential campaign and in the
early months of his administration as
well pushing a nationalist agenda it's
called America first remember that
approach meeting tougher trade policies
rebuilding the infrastructure of this
kind of keeping a country out of stupid
Wars but now 18 months into his
presidency we face an unsettled trade
situation with Trump a non-existent
infrastructure plan to rebuild the
country and all this saber rattling at
countries like Iran that could bring us
closer to new Wars
so what happened Trump's agenda did look
attractive to a little bit to some
people a little bit who are smart a
little bit joining us right now is the
anchor at beat the beat great name for a
show re mo re I really wanted you come
on the show cuz I'm thinking when when
this guy banded was first out there a
lot it was awful he seemed to fard right
to not fascistic but something scary
about him this nationalist thing but
they're around the edges were things
that were attractive to people that and
there were things like no more stupid
Wars we're gonna look at ourselves and
in terms of economic deals and we're
gonna rebuild this country not worried
about the electric grid in Afghanistan
we're gonna rebuild stuff here I don't
see that I see a guys saber-rattling I
see a guy in Trump I see a guy who's
arguing with mana mana golden I'm a
roast all these stupid intramural fights
I don't see the guy pursuing rebuilding
the country for one staying at a stupid
war secondly I don't see that I say sky
lost his influence well he's out he's on
the outs and he's trying to claw his way
back in by spending money this week and
so some of the things we talk about in
this interview that is mentions airing
later but I'll get into some of it was
how do you say that Donald Trump's for
the working class when 83% of the tax
bill benefits go to the top 1% what's he
saying and how do you deal with an
infrastructure bill that he said was
going to get passed and did it spend all
the money on tax cuts for the rich and
how do you deal with Wall Street and so
you're gonna take them on when you won't
release who your donors are because you
have a secret organization under the
laws that doesn't force their disclosure
so it's listen I think you're gonna give
me a piece let's take a look at your
interview tonight a little tease
we do not want to isolate America we got
the wrong thing up there I don't know
working out the way I go I was
frustrating let's go that was Patrick
this up or down vote in president Rama
you know this is this elections going to
come as a referendum on him he permeates
the entire political culture and I think
those that are around him or telling him
that hey it's okay to lose the house you
can work with the Democrats and you can
run against a Democratic House in 2020
it's bad advice okay that's a political
point I think it's a good one he said
Trump's floating around the idea least
it comes out of him I can lose the house
they don't blame everything on Pelosi or
the Democrats or you know anybody else
and this guy says wait a minute you lose
the house you lose the subpoena power
and the house they can come get you like
they got Nixon this is where the
Republicans are clearly and it divides
I'm called a civil war ban and says he
wants to be a war with the left but you
have folks in Washington around Trump
and down the hill McConnell who
basically are privately saying that the
house is written off and they'll deal
with it and then you have the hardcore
guys I mean Bannon is someone who will
you like him or not a lot of people
don't he was the guy who backed up Trump
after Access Hollywood which a lot of
people thought was disgusting but then
they did go on to win in November so do
you want to have a politics where we
actually confront and expose and see
what they're doing he wants this to be
no holds bar and say impeachment and
Trump is on the table we also talked
about the times up movement which he
said is very powerful he talked about
his daughter who's in the military and
what it means and I pressed him on that
and how could you square that with your
support for Roy Moore and he talked
about patriarchy and I said well if it's
time to change gender relations in this
country we're gonna have gender equality
then don't you have to take on the
patriarchy so this is a person who wall
clearly reviled and I addressed that way
then when we talk Charlottesville as
well
is also getting in in a ways that some
other conservatives aren't when he talks
about these movements these candidates
the economy Wall Street he's trying to
push this conversation right now even as
Donald Trump says they're not buddies
well I think we want the list and I
think congratulate you on getting him on
because people on the progressive side
of things people in the center-left
where I'm sort of at I think need to
hear this other side they got to hear it
again and again it's not going to change
anybody's minds but people want to hear
it because you got to know what you're
up against thank you Chris no not I mean
in 2016 some people were caught by
surprise because we weren't listening to
everything you know we all thought
Hillary Clinton's going to win
right up until about 8:30 election night
because people kept saying oh this she's
gonna win she's gonna win there's not
enough angry white people out there
where allow he'll have a lot of angry
white people like this guy thank you re
Melbourne thank you sir program to have
you on tonight Ari's full interview as I
said with Steve Bennett airs tonight at
10:00 Eastern right here on MSNBC big
night by the way cuz Rachel of course
Rachel Maddow Scott John Brennan on
tonight and he's right in the middle the
news hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
