Donald Trump who has a so far
unexplained affinity for dictators seems
to crave two things more than anything
else
power and acclaim he wants to be able to
do what he wants and have people cheer
for him while he does it
exhibit a this latest report from
Jonathan Swan and Axios which says quote
for sources close to Trump tell Axios
that the revocation of former CIA
director John Brennan's clearance
belongs in the same categories of
president's love of the pardon power and
the signing of executive orders it's a
power that is uniquely and solely his
and matches his idea of how the
presidency ought to be pure power and
instant gratification he should see
Hamilton and while stripping Brennan's
security clearance may have scratched
Trump's itch for power it's a bad day
for the President on the recognition
front that military parade he wanted
it's now canceled here's what he tweeted
about that this morning the local
politicians who run Washington DC poorly
no a windfall when they see it when
asked to give us a price for holding a
great celebratory military parade they
wanted a number so ridiculously high
that I cancelled it never let someone
hold you up I will instead attend the
big parade already scheduled at Andrews
Air Force Base at a different date now
I'll go to Paris to their parade
celebrating the end of the war on
November 11th I'm sure you had to google
that maybe we will do something next
year in DC when the cost comes to I not
reading anymore oh wait this is good now
we can buy more jet fighters joining the
table I think for the fifth day this
week there are two dozen father excited
this is this is this would be loony if
it wasn't so scary I mean seriously the
whole idea I hate calling him an
American because I think that's usually
beyond the line but it is not an
understanding of the American government
to only like I mean the reason there are
so few presidential powers that you can
leverage that you can pull unilaterally
is by design and the fact that he likes
them the most sort of betrays the point
of what the president's he was supposed
to be and what the military's for I mean
he acts like we're playing with toy
soldiers
or something to that regard but when
you're dealing with someone whose
mentality is that all the parades in
number down Fifth Avenue we're really in
honor of him cuz that's where the Trump
Tower that's really weird that's right
so he probably would think of anything
cuz he's just thinking parade we're
talking about the military we're talking
about what we're showing the world and
he acts like this is some outing or
something or that we're doing that does
not in any way taking the serious signal
of what a parade ought to be and the
money I mean he's actually arguing with
the mayor of Washington DC about the
money I thought the Republicans were the
people that didn't want to spend the
money and increase the debt so I mean
the whole world is turned upside down
with Donald Trump and he wants to go to
Paris he's gonna own the lives by going
to Paris cornered he reveals himself as
a severe it accrete guy but he has all
these imaginary friends that's been
downing Paris now he's going to Paris
but he told us about a friend who we
can't find the name Loeb that has talked
about Paris is in Paris he never like
was I like when I Brian's here he brings
the Bloomberg words like super ridic
yeah I would I just will say that again
and go back earlier ice messed up when I
talked before about McRaven I called him
a general when in fact he's an admiral
there are no generals in the in the Navy
so I've heard on Twitter please calm
down I got that wrong but again here's
the president who doesn't know one of
the most decorated and successful
military figures of our last 50 years
wanting to throw a parade to honor our
military now what does that does that
make you think all along that what the
parade was really about was about the
greater glory of Donald Trump but not
about you like something he likes a
bunch of big guns I can have he wants a
bunch of people strutting in front of
him in front of the parade stand because
it's a little game of Thrones like
having a duel Jeff saluting to him yes
it's a little it's you know it's it's
classic authoritarian behavior like Juan
Peron and Evita up on the on the balcony
of the casa rosada looking looking down
looking down at that's just looking down
to strutting military forces who are
under my command that's what this is all
about and you know all more power to
whoever whatever the real story is for
why this guy canceled who ever like
pulled the strings put the price tag
whatever they did to get this cut down
more power to me or the hero
the week Donna I want to raise those
morons I mean I mean it's silly and we
can laugh about it because he probably
did like the pictures of a parade he
went to Bastille Day and liked what he
saw but but but there is a serious point
here I think about the ability to act
unilaterally and it flows from the
conversation we had in the last block
about pardons it flows from this idea
that not only does he not want to work
with Congress but forget about Congress
I mean he doesn't coordinate with his
own staff he stripped Brennan's
clearances without calling the director
of the CIA or the DNI there is this
unilateralism in him that you know has
nothing to do with not working with the
other branch of government and
everything to do with with simply
sitting there with the clicker in his
hand and his his device in the other and
tweeting and pardoning and an executive
ordering his way through his presidency
well it's true and I mean and he doesn't
hide that I mean he has said on a number
of occasions that he would like to have
that kind of unilateral authority that
he's witnessed in autocratic societies
that he wants that in the United States
and he is acting that way in the limited
way that he can whether it's through
around dangling pardons or security
clearances or trying to order the
military to have a parade I actually
thought the best response to to the
president was from Mayor Muriel Bowser
who clapped right back and said don't
blame it on DC we've already spent
twenty one point six million dollars on
your parades because in the Trump in
Trump's America you know we've had that
you showing it on on the screen I think
you know we really do need to challenge
this president over and over again and I
know it gets tedious because otherwise
he will power grab and we've seen that
too many times and Joyce let me ask you
taking this conversation from the glib
to really the the gravely serious for
this president who's under investigation
Lawrence tribe tweeted the classic way
to commit a high crime or misdemeanor is
to abuse to use for an illegitimate
purpose like obstructing justice or
punishing critics a unilateral
presidential power like the power to
deny access to information or to dangle
a pardon again just tying this into the
last conversation
does this affinity for this appetite for
this easing chi mean I worked for a
president presidential pardons were done
at the very end of the presidency and
and they were so it was really one of
the most sober deliberations it's pretty
I mean he decided not to part in one of
his most senior aides scooter livvie
and there were people inside his White
House very close to him who disagreed
with him but to see this president you
know so flip about pardoning people he's
never met never heard of over cases and
crimes he knows nothing about it's just
a textbook case of abuse of power and it
seems to be what this president thrives
on you can imagine being president of
the United States and all the capacity
that you would have to act in the
influence and better people's lives and
this is a president who enjoys pardoning
who enjoys stripping security clearances
he wants to have a parade to his glory
as opposed to doing the real work of
government you know there's a saying in
the Justice Department you can go fast
alone or far together and this is a
president who likes to go fast doesn't
really want to think about the
consequences but the hard work of
bringing in stakeholders it seems to be
beyond him hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
