welcome back today meet the midterms
Florida Democratic Senator Bill Nelson
has faced a lot of criticism since
warning last week that Russian hackers
had quote penetrated some of his state's
County voting systems and it turns out
he was not making things up Nelson is in
a tough race for re-election in Florida
against Republican Governor Rick Scott
who suggested there wasn't evidence -
Nelson's claimed and blasted Nelson as
irresponsible and the top florida
elections official official also
Republicans said he had seen no
indication Nelson's claim was true the
Florida Secretary of State and
presidents of the Florida State
Association of supervisors of elections
wrote to Nelson yesterday that we are
aware of the threat and the need to stay
vigilant but if you have specific
information on a confirmed intrusion we
urgently need you to disclose that
information to us so we can take action
but now three people familiar with the
intelligence tell NBC News's Kendall a
nyan that there is a classified basis
for Nelson's assertion they say Nelson
was talking about intelligence related
to ongoing fallout from the 2016 hack of
a Florida elections vendor Nelson
declined to comment but this all shows
how secrecy politics and divisions
between state and federal systems can
get in the way of a unified response the
Russian threat hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
