we're talking about the timeline of this
we all watched Sarah Sanders come out
earlier this week and basically say look
the president is considering revoking
more security clearances what are your
sources telling you what is your sense
of the timing of this well I think the
timing question is actually really
interesting because we know the
president had come to this dish's
decision that was announced this week by
the secretary not this week not last
week but about three weeks ago remember
what's going on right now there the
White House is again engulfed in
controversy with the former x8 Omarosa
Manigault Newman and the allegations
that she makes at her book our sources -
or the sources told The Washington Post
that senior advisors including Sarah
Sanders herself had advised the
president to kind of deflect from the
onerous and use by announcing the
security clearance news and as Peter
very astutely pointed that the president
really loves looking like he's strong
and in charge and that's why earlier
this year he was so fixated on his part
in power and it seemed like he was going
to dole out pardons left and right we
haven't actually heard much about that
sense but with all that in mind I
wouldn't be surprised that this
continues as an issue in the coming
weeks I think it's an important point
particularly in terms of the strategy
here Nancy the political strategy that
we're seeing this is a White House that
was frankly engulfed in controversy for
this entire week they were very eager to
turn the page and now they've sparked a
whole new controversy the pushback has
been fierce but they're digging in is it
your sense that they're not gonna back
down they're just gonna move forward
with this yeah I think they're not gonna
back down at all because I think that
unlike the Omarosa tapes which really
put them on the defensive I think the
White House views these the revoking of
security clearances as something that
puts them on the offensive and it's
something that they're able to control I
think the president feels like it gives
him a sense of power it makes him seem
strong which is something that he's very
concerned with and so I think we'll
continue to see like the drip drip drip
of that particularly as the Omarosa
thing also has a drip drip drip effect
she certainly does Jonathan let me read
you something that Jeremy bash who's of
course also a contributor here had to
say that really caught my eye this is
what he told Axios to
he said my concern this morning is that
Trump will strip the clearances of Bob
Muller and the investigative team it's
critical that Congress protect the
Muller investigation now by passing a
law that makes it impossible for Trump
to restrict the special counsels access
to classified information so talk a
little bit about that first of all do
you expect Congress to take any type of
action I mean we heard Republicans
yesterday basically bolstering the
President and is that more and more what
you're hearing that that's the concern
here the president's trying to send a
message not only to the Intel community
but directly to Muller so number one no
I don't expect Congress to act in
particular on questions of protecting
the special counsel in this way number
two and I've been wrong about these
things before and certainly Paul Ryan
the Speaker of the House who said that
Trump was just trolling people with the
security clearance threat has been wrong
about these things in the past however I
think that if the president wants to go
Muller the way that Jeremy bash suggests
is an unlikely one I mean I think with
all respect to Jeremy in the concerns
that he may have there legitimately that
seems like a pretty political argument
about Muller the one other thing I would
say is to the earlier points imagine
being in the present in the place at the
White House where you think your best
way of getting out of a fight with
Omarosa the best politically you can do
it's to pick a fight with a former CIA
director knowing as anyone who is
remotely literate would know that
everybody else in the national security
community in the past will come out in
full force behind him because they also
have this personal stake in it but also
because they think that this is just
this retaliation looks terrible the
McRaven letter yesterday was
unbelievable you've embarrassed us
before the eyes of our children bin
Laden raid Jonathan I mean he's someone
who even president Trump's supporters
might listen to I mean their support for
him is unwavering but he's one of these
figures who holds a fair amount of
weight I would think well look the trunk
folks would love to explode the the idea
that there are people with expertise or
that there are people who might oppose
Trump who were essentially unassailable
and we've seen some of our Boy Scouts of
the past fall in certain ways you know
whether you're talking about david
petraeus you're talking about
potentially Jim Comey you know we've
seen some flaws in them over time
McRaven has a sterling reputation and it
doesn't have any of that I mean doesn't
have there's there's really no way to go
after this guy who basically built the
operation to take bin Laden hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
