in the face of criticism on both
generational ends of her party House
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is open to
extending a helping hand to the future
Democratic leadership while still
leaving herself in the running for
re-election in November Pelosi says
she's purposefully eyeing change within
reason in an interview with The New York
Times Pelosi goes on to explain quote if
people want to be the bridge that I'm
building toward they have to show what's
on the other side of the bridge and
waiting on the other end could be
veterans South Carolina Congressman Jim
Clyburn Clyburn confirmed his intent to
run if Pelosi were to fall short of the
threshold saying he would absolutely do
it
Clyburn also told the Times that the
Ascension of a black speaker would quote
put to bed forever the notion that the
Democratic caucus is taking black voters
for granted when approached about
Clyburn interests Pelosi says she's
untroubled calling him a beautiful
lovely member of Congress whom she views
as a brother Casey hunt this is your
beat what's going on here is there any
chance that Nancy Pelosi actually will
not be the leader of the Democratic
Party after the fall I think that it's a
very real possibility simply because so
many people who are running out in the
country if there is this blue wave they
all come to Washington a lot of them
said I'm not gonna back Nancy Pelosi so
it's a very tough vote to ask them to
take remember this will happen first
behind closed doors but then it has to
be a full vote in public on the floor of
the house so for her to say to all these
people had just gotten elected hey the
first thing I want you to do is break a
promise you made to your voters that's a
tough spot to be in
now the succession is complicated and
look Jim Clyburn wouldn't be doing that
without Nancy Pelosi's blessing first of
all he does not necessarily represent
the generational change that a lot of
these younger members have been
demanding now that said he points out
you know the the significance of having
an african-american Speaker I think
would be hard to miss and I think would
generate a lot of support Democrats are
really in a bind with Joe Crowley's loss
he was somebody who represented
generational change and who also knew
how to run a conference remember I mean
suppose he's not wrong when she says she
is she is an extraordinarily
accomplished legislator the things that
she has pulled off on the floor for her
party and behind the scenes and and that
is experience that is actually needed
and that there are so many people the
Democratic caucus who have we've heard
Casey from people campaigning Democrats
out campaigning getting ready for the
fall and people who have already been
elected in special elections this year
saying they would not support Nancy
Pelosi have you seen it inside the
chamber though inside up on Capitol Hill
are you hearing it out loud or just
privately I think there's a reason why
we're asking these candidates what what
their position is on her and and and
Gene Robinson I mean you know as well as
anyone that you know she did see this
challenge from Tim Ryan via Seth Moulton
probably behind the scenes who she
doesn't Nancy Pelosi doesn't have a
great relationship with what's your view
on on how this could play out especially
kind of a Clyburn piece of it I mean
he's a very interesting figure in this
drama yeah that on the the Clyburn
announced but it surprised me actually
and you're absolutely right that there's
no way he would have gone out on that
limb without without her support her
approval
she clearly would have known about it in
advance you know there's the question
really is one of generational change and
you know the the number one two and
three Democrats Nancy Pelosi Steny Hoyer
and Jim Carter and are all in their 70s
and that is you know it's as they're
skilled and accomplished as Nancy Pelosi
is and she's a great fundraiser I mean
she said Andy in addition to being a
great legislator but you know three
leaders in their seventies it's not a
great look for a for a party that wants
to promise something new and one thing
she did not do and you have to say he is
is sort of cultivate and bring up that
sort of younger leadership you'd argue
maybe maybe Crowley and then he then he
lost but it's it's not as if she went
out of her way to put in place that
younger generation that would naturally
succeed her so so the party is in a bind
and I you know I'm not sure I'm not sure
they're gonna they're gonna dump her
some will say you know I'm gonna just
bring my branding head in and talk about
optics it to her
the Democrats need to turn the page and
it starts with the presidential hopefuls
the Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth
Warren's and it it goes to the Nancy
Pelosi's they have to send out a signal
and it's not even age but there's a
freshness look Donald Trump for 70 but
it was a completely fresh it was an
advertising her permission to believe
you've got to give voters permission to
believe there's something new and even
if Nancy Pelosi or club are are
delivering a new message it's not gonna
feel no it was interesting I have talked
about as I'm working with the DNC on
their messaging and they said well no
matter what message we put out there
Trump owns the news cycle and then how
do we respond to it and I saw part of
your problem is you don't have your new
faces and if I were you guys I put
together what I would call my super 18
seven or eight new faces that become the
response to the Trump to become the
conglomerate faces of the party because
what happens now no matter what the
response the Trump is when it's being
delivered by I don't to call these old
faces but these faces that stay in four
familiar familiar faces what's wrong
with the party just as a branding guy
and I like Nancy Pelosi they need that
change they got to give voters
permission to believe and then Betsy
there's the question of who the
Democratic Party is exactly a guy like
Tim Ryan for example from Ohio can say I
can go into Youngstown and get back
those voters who flipped from Democrat
to vote for Donald Trump and that Nancy
Pelosi as she has been by the President
and Republicans will be held up as this
avatar of the left the San Francisco
left who wants to take something away
from you Tim Ryan and those people can
make the case that I can get you back
the people you lost last time around
that's right and let's remember that a
core component of the Democratic Party
which is the labor movement has been
absolutely pummeled over the last
several decades
you're culminating in the Janish Supreme
Court decision that dramatically reduced
the ability of labor unions to take dues
from people who are in the in the
industries that they represent so as
that component of the Democratic Party
has become just significantly weakened
smaller less politically effective the
Democratic Party has kind of had to go
through this process of a bit of
soul-searching and that seems to be
playing out quite publicly particularly
when you look at polls that come out
that show Democrats you members of the
kradic party meline more in favor of
socialism rather than capitalism that's
something that makes older members of
the party more moderate more centrist
members deeply consternated and what
else challenges the Democratic Party is
that there are a lot of Republicans who
feel that they've been abandoned by
Trump subversion of the GOP you have a
number of moderate never Trump types who
are looking to potentially find a place
in the Democratic Party and finding a
way that for instance the max boots of
the world on the Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez's could all come together around
one candidate or one set of issues is
almost inconceivable so there's a
significant identity crisis we'll see
this fall Betsy wood or thanks so much
for being with us good to see you coming
up the top Democrat on the Senate Intel
committee warrants that the president
could go after Bob Muller security
clearance next talk about that and the
president's admission that his move
against John Brennan was due to his
involvement in the Russia probe morning
Jose coming back with much more thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
