former CIA director John Brennan says
there was definitely collusion with
Russia during the presidential campaign
and that the only remaining question is
did that collusion fit the legal
definition of criminal conspiracy
Russians were caught working to hurt
Hillary Clinton's candidacy and help
Donald Trump's candidacy and Donald
Trump who called a black woman a dog
this week still has never said a
negative word about Vladimir Putin which
has surely left special prosecutor
Robert Mull are wondering whether
Vladimir Putin has something on Donald
Trump as everyone has begun as has
wondered at one point or another that's
a question the world has been wondering
about sir do you just do the Russian
government have any compromising
material on president Trump or his
family I did heard rumors we allegedly
collected compromising material on mr.
Trump when he was visiting Moscow when
President Trump visit Moscow back then I
didn't even know that he was in Moscow
please just disregard these issues and
don't think about this anymore again and
I have to say if they had it they would
have been out long ago
Vladimir Putin didn't even bother to say
no we do not have any compromising
material on President Trump he just
ordered the press to stop thinking about
it something he's accustomed to doing
with the Russian press and the Russian
people today John Brennan referred to
Donald Trump the Trump campaign and the
Trump businesses as Trump incorporated
probably with the intentional echo of
the criminal gangs that that the news
media used to call murder incorporated
Craig Unger calls it the house of Trump
in his new book house of Trump House of
Putin the untold story of Donald Trump
and the Russian mafia the book describes
what he calls the greatest intelligence
operation of our time the book tells how
the Russian government targeted targeted
and snared and compromised Donald Trump
for over 30 years by using Trump real
estate as a way to launder millions of
dollars for the Russian mafia and
joining us now is near Times bestselling
author Craig Unger
creig the John John Brennan says of
course there was collusion of course
there was and and and we've all seen
enough to understand even what the CIA
director means when he says that John
Brennan knows more than we know and so
when he says it it carries some real
important and the question is just does
it meet the legal standard based on your
study of of the house of Trump as you
call it over over all of these years
what do you think are the most important
things the special prosecutor is finding
in the Russian connections well I went
back to I think this is really the
greatest intelligence operation of our
lifetime and it ended up with a rush and
I think Brennan is absolutely right and
and most successful would use absolutely
it installed a Russian asset in the
White House without firing a single shot
so I went back to the beginning and I
wanted to see how and why this began and
I ended up going all the way back to
1984 when a Russian met with Trump
intron towers
he bought five condos and came up with
six million dollars cash that's the
equivalent of fifteen million dollars
today and that was effectively
laundering money for the Russian mafia
and if you look at Trump's career he's
done that at least 1,300 times by that I
mean that he's selling condos to
Anonymous corporations in all cash
purchases so I believe he's been working
on the Russian mafia laundering their
money through his real estate for at
least thirty four years but but it would
be it's unlikely that every one of those
in transactions involved a Russian it's
just that they involved cash is what
you're saying
quite possibly now kill you yeah those
but we also know that a very very high
proportion of the buyers were Russians
for example if you go to the Trump World
Tower they're certain floors seventy six
through eighty three that are almost
entirely Russian about a third of this
condo sold in Sunny Isles Florida for
the Trump Towers there were Russians and
it happens all over the world and Panama
Trump properties it's been going on for
years they made his career they owned
him he was four billion dollars in debt
after his Atlantic City Fiasco he filed
for six bankruptcies no one who's four
billion dollars in debts as a political
career and they made him rich again what
in in this book would you recommend the
special prosecutors study and try to
amplify well III think its relationship
to the Russian mafia is extraordinary
and it's clear you know Lisa page who
was one of the twelve people who's right
she was in Budapest with the FBI she was
a Justice Department lawyer but she was
investigating the Russian mafia there so
when she was thrown off the the Muller
probe I saw that in a very different way
that I mean it raised a lot of questions
were they going to pursue trumps tied to
the Russian mafia or not and what when
the special prosecutor is looking at at
Paul Manafort and presumably if he gets
a guilty and one of these trials
basically offering Paul Manas for its
some opportunity to testify to get a
lower prison sentence is there something
you believe Paul Manafort would be able
to reveal about Donald Trump's
relationship to Russians absolutely I
mean manna for tea is an absolutely key
figure in all this and if you look at
his what he was doing in Ukraine it was
essentially a dry run for the 2016
operation in our election and he was
hired by the he was representing
President Viktor Yanukovych who is
essentially a Putin puppet he fled he's
been declared a traitor to Ukraine and
fled to Moscow and Manafort put him in
power essentially to sustain
relationships that allowed the Russian
mafia to skim lots of money from the
Ukraine energy trade thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
