turning to our other top story tonight
and it's kind of a doozy there was a man
who you may remember who actually it
turned out kicked off the entire Russia
probe he was a trump aide but not one
everyone had heard of his name George
papadopolis has become well-known now
and he ultimately pled guilty and was
cooperating with Bob Mahler and was
going to be sentenced next month I use
all of that terminology of was because
now his wife is saying she wants him to
scrap the plea deal with Muller in fact
she's given us here at the beat from our
reporting an exclusive new statement
tonight Simona monji on t saying I
trusted these institutions until proved
they proved me wrong she says there were
shady individuals that targed
targeted george papadapolis with a
specific agenda and now she says there
is exculpatory evidence that would fully
justify him to drop the plea agreement
that he reached with Bob Mullin now this
is to say the least
unusual cooperating witnesses who've
pled guilty in federal cases don't first
of all try to undo the cooperation
agreement they got at the last minute
second of all it's not an easy thing to
do it even if they want to
now Simona had also told us previously
they viewed the entire thing the way
they were treated by Muller's team is
fair the situation was clearly
intimidating but they were very
professional very fair I never felt like
rested in any way you thought Bob
Muller's investigators were fair yes
they were-- really that is of course the
wife of george papadapolis was a central
figure the new york times had first
broken open the story by explaining that
Papadopoulos was talking to an
australian diplomat who had dirt on
hillary clinton and that kicked off the
FBI probe in full Papadopoulos served on
Trump's foreign policy board he had a
literal seat at the table his indictment
was a bombshell the separate plea
bargain deal made public today between
the feds and a former Trump campaign
adviser admitting he lied to the FBI by
denying that he was involved with the
campaign when he communicated with the
Russians in the Papadopoulos statement
of the offense he
very carefully attests to all of that
stuff as fact federal prosecutor Joyce
Vance is here this is certainly unusual
and we wouldn't deal with it so
seriously if it were a rumor or from an
unnamed source but this is an
on-the-record plea from his wife your
view she goes right to the heart of the
matter when she says he wants to
withdraw his plea because there's a
sculptor a material that means material
that would tend to establish that he's
not guilty but the rules surrounding
this idea of a defendant who has already
pled guilty withdrawing his plea is that
courts only very rarely permitted
they'll permitted if a defendant's
guilty plea wasn't voluntary or if
there's other some other justice and
fairness component that was violated so
here Papadopoulos would have to come
forward and convince a court that there
was exculpatory information that was
specific to his plea of guilt he pled
guilty to making a false statement to
the FBI so he would have to convince a
judge either it wasn't voluntary or
there's something that was wrong with
that guilty plea that's gonna be tough
to do here I think it's unlikely that
he'll be able to substantiate that very
high burden so you're saying that while
this is fascinating it would be a very
high bar to get it done I would note
that both Papadopoulos who obviously was
literally working with these agents in
Miller to give up all the info and his
wife who has spoken out and she's sort
of been his public spokesperson had
previously said cooperations the way to
go and she'd encourage others to do it
take a look until the moment of the
interview I could not understand myself
the real advance of my contribution the
FBI the prosecutor have certainly a
biggest picture to which we can
contribute being truthful so I was happy
to cooperate and either or not he thinks
this contribution is going to be
significant
it's something you have to do for your
country something she said they were
doing for a country I should mention she
and and Papadopoulos both have spoken to
FBI agents as part of the Muller probe
is it possible that learning more
information has made Papadopoulos feel
that he gave up too quickly because one
of the theories here is that the type of
stuff he was hearing about wasn't really
real
that is to say wasn't coming necessarily
from all the way to the Kremlin even
though he may have actually literally
misled the FBI at a later point in the
chain of events hard to know for sure
what's actually in his mind important to
remember that his crime is lying to the
FBI so if he made a material
misstatement of fact without regard to
where the information came from in
actuality he's likely guilty of that
crime but the real problem for
Papadopoulos Ari is withdrawing his plea
even if the court lets him do it doesn't
put him in a much better position it
just presents him with the binary choice
plead guilty again maybe try to get a
better deal or go to trial and see if
you can actually roll the bones and
successfully avoid a conviction not a
great outlook for Papadopoulos either
way right your analysis is very helpful
as teaching us it is a very high bar but
if a judge was sympathetic he would be
then in the man-of-war position going
through one of these federal trials and
rolling the dice on a case that could
bring him several years in prison thank
you as always Joyce fans hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
