we start with our NBC News exclusive a
new secretly recorded tape from inside
the world of Donald Trump and an
interview with a former White House aide
who made that tape Omarosa Manigault
Newman the new tape involves a
conversation with president Trump's
daughter-in-law and campaign adviser
Larry Trump one that is detailed in her
new memoir it's called unhinged the
conversation happened December 16th of
last year just days after she was fired
from the White House a few notes first
of all on what you will soon hear I'm
Rosa gave NBC News four audio clips we
are going to play them back to you our
producer has heard the full version of
that tape we can tell you that these
clips are in proper context also during
the audio you are about to hear Larry
Trump mentions a New York Times article
written by The Times Maggie Haberman NBC
News believes it is this article
published December 15th one day before
this conversation took place the
headline there amarosa leaving the White
House suggest the show will go on in
which she should set in which she
suggests she has a story to tell
let's get right to our guest I'm a
semantical Nuland former White House
aide to President Donald Trump also
perhaps you've heard offer of a new book
before we get to the audio I do want to
ask you about the timing of the release
of these tapes why today you know I
think it's important as people question
the credibility of everything that you
see in unhinged that's what the right
has been saying none of these stories
are true she doesn't have credibility
she can't corroborate the things that
are in unhinged and I think it's
important not only to point to these
things but to also blow the whistle on
the corruption of the things that are
going on in this family in this
administration and in this campaign
let's play the audio to be clear to our
viewers to be clear to our listeners as
well you provided us again four clips
you selected these clips from a longer
conversation that you have with Larry
Trump all of this characterized toward
the end of your book
take a listen
we should point out here no response so
far from Lera Trump or the Trump
campaign we have reached out for comment
we'll talk about the content of the tape
in just a moment but but but first of
all why give us those four selected
clips and not just play out the entire
conversation for people who are watching
or listening who might be thinking
you're hiding something well I first of
all I played the full entire
conversation for your producers because
that was important for them to verify
but I really wanted to undergird
everything that's in this book
everything you see in quotations can be
verified has been cooperated and is
documented and these clips are
specifically the outline of the scene
that I have in unhinge can you
characterize what was left out of the
tape that we played versus the tape that
I producer listened to you know there
was a lot of back-and-forth you had a
close relationship with this family she
reiterated that Donald Trump just loved
me this family loved me that they wanted
the best for me they wanted me to come
in but she made it very clear that if I
joined this campaign that I would have
to be quiet I wouldn't be allowed to
talk to reporters I wouldn't be allowed
to say anything against Donald Trump she
as she stated from her in her own words
had to keep it positive you can't be
talking about those things what is this
thing you have in your back pocket I saw
this as an attempt to buy my silence to
censor me and to pay me off $15,000 per
month by the campaign you saw this as
hush money absolutely why do you think
Lord Larry Trump made this offer to you
if they just fired you why why offer you
$15,000 a month to come on in this
ambiguous role well that lends to a lot
of questions the president has said he's
happy I was fired I'm a lowlife I'm a
dog all these things but then you find
out behind the scenes they're saying how
awesome I am and great I am and I should
come on the campaign so really what is
it
which one of it is it is it that they
supported me or did they want me out he
said he was happy I was fired at first
he said he didn't know as fire and then
he tweets it he was happy that I was
dismissed this family can't keep their
story straight they can't decide whether
they love or hate people they actually
misrepresent that they're being honest
to the American people this is just the
beginning of the type of corruption
that's going on in Trump world and I am
here to blow the whistle what kind of
other corruption you know there are
things that I write about and then there
are things that I'm going to save to
share when the time is right did she
ever give you a reason lera Trump during
a subsequent conversation that you give
you a reason about the firing or why
they wanted you back now everyone in the
Trump family
to not know about my firing from Donald
Trump to Ivanka - Jared to Lara no one
knew so they claim
I'm just not buying that why do you
believe it was it was Lara Trump that
picked up the phone and made the call
why her why a family member why not why
not a staffer someone else to offer you
this fifteen thousand a month she was
very specific that it was as we call him
djt that it was Donald Trump that wanted
her to make this offer to me it came
from the president
that's according to Laura Trump yes and
and you would be doing what precisely in
this in this new role she was very
cavalier about it she's like you know
maybe you could do some interviews or
maybe you could do some speeches you
know you're very articulate you know she
used that word she said you articulate
you're so articulate I'm known here for
a while
did you find that at all offensive what
most people wouldn't realize that that
is an insult to African Americans to
call us articulate as if we haven't
mastered the language of the land but
she also was very cavalier I could
basically decide what I wanted to do and
how I wanted to do it as she stated in
the recording it didn't even matter
where it worked how often I worked what
I did as long as I signed on the dotted
line and accepted this fifteen thousand
dollars a month it didn't matter to her
what I did what my title was or what my
role or responsibility would be in the
campaign we know that you've you talked
to the special counsels office have you
been contacted since you started
releasing these tapes by the special
counsels office again no you know I
can't comment on that
nope or nor can I comment on the
arbitration or the fact that Donald
Trump has sicked his entire force of his
legal team not only on me but sending
threatening letters to the publisher he
is completely unhinged pardon the pun
but what you're seeing is the unraveling
of the 45th President of the United
States and why do you think he's coming
after you so aggressively well because
he thought he could dismiss me you know
he thought you know that I could be
disposed of but Donald Trump is wrong he
should not only
value the people who have been so loyal
to him but he specifically remember the
people who got him where he is I want to
play something that you said on our air
a couple days ago during a conversation
with Katy tur that caught my attention
you were talking about those those
hacked emails those DNC emails before
they were released the president know
about it here's what you said you were
instructed according to your book to
bring up the emails at every point you
could at the end of the 20 2016 Andrew
Hillary Clinton's email yes that was our
talker did Donald Trump know about those
emails before they came out absolutely
he knew about them yes he knew what was
coming out before WikiLeaks released
them are you speculating or do you have
proof because here's the thing that by
and large I mean I haven't finished hope
that's the most explosive allegation
that you've made and it's not even in
the book yeah there was there are some
things that are involved in this
investigation the Moller investigation
that I was very careful not to put in
the book so you do have proof I can't
even talk about the things that I talked
with them I can't talk about the things
I've submitted to them but I want you to
know that I will fully continue to
cooperate with this investigation and
you stand by what you said on our few
days ago I have been able to verify
every single thing that I put in the
book I verified everything I've stated
and every single time the Trump people
challenged me
I bring the receipts I fell over at Fox
News said earlier this week that you
have quote outsmarted the president do
you agree hey it's the art of the deal
what's what's the endgame here I mean
because our understanding is that you
have more of these recordings are you
planning to release all of the
recordings are you planning on releasing
some of the recordings how are you going
to decide which recordings to release
and when to release them well I'm now
faced with this legal action from the
president in an attempt to silence me so
you'd have to ask the question what is
he afraid of why is he being so
aggressive to shut me down and why is he
trying to stop the publishing of the
book what does Donald Trump have to hide
and one of the earlier recordings I
share it with you do you know general
Kelley said that the staff and everyone
that works they are answers to him so is
it John Kelly that's running the White
House or Donald Trump it's but seems to
me that there are people pulling the
strings
behind-the-scenes with Donald Trump and
we'd have to question what's really
going on over there shortly before we
came on the air there was a report from
an MSNBC contributor also writer at
Vanity Fair named Gabe Sherman who
indicated according to his sources the
president is fuming in private he has
asked his Attorney General to arrest you
not clear at this point on what charges
but he's asked that you be arrested
there's an excerpt from the from the
article there are you concerned at all
about being arrested
well what mr. Nixon I mean mr. Trump
does will be brought to light every
action that he takes against me
jeopardizes him and his presidency so I
think that you should watch his behavior
and how he's unraveling and I don't have
any fear I have a whole community of
faith that's behind me praying for me
and no matter who is in the Oval Office
Donald Trump needs to remember that God
is still on the throne you wrote
something in the book I know you got a
go but I want to read this this excerpt
this is the part about the chief usher
there Angela Reed and this caught my
attention for a variety of reasons on
may 5th this is on page 242 on may 5th
the head of the White House Angela read
the first woman in second
african-american to hold that position
was fired
although Reid was a carryover from Obama
having held the job since 2011 it was
not considered a political position and
it was unusual for an incoming president
to fire uh sure I was upset because it
meant one less black woman in the
building less than two months after
Trump fired her Michael singleton ben
Carson senior advisor Dodd because of an
article he'd written for the hill that
was critical of Trump I made a point of
asking everyone the senior staff about
Reid's firing quote we can't keep
getting rid of black people for flimsy
reasons I told a number of people this
comms director for OPM office of public
liaison I need to explain why this woman
was let go the official line we don't
discuss personnel matters the unofficial
line that she wasn't very well-liked and
allegedly Trump didn't approve of her
handling of his tanning bed I'd heard he
was unhappy with her efforts to procure
the bed to bring it into the East Wing
securely to find a discreet place for it
and to set it up properly also
apparently we just hated him and didn't
hide her feelings about it are you
alleging that the president fired this
woman because she couldn't secretly get
the tanning bed
to the to the White House and that she
didn't like the president is that the
allegation that's actually what I
outlined at the book this is the part of
the palace intrigue that I made sure
that people were aware of hey let's just
all say that Donald Trump's complexion
is natural let's just all agree on that
or let's just imagine that he lays out
on the balcony in the White House
whatever the case is he fired this woman
without a real reason and it's just a
pattern of how this White House behaves
the RNC is aware of your public
appearances promoting the book they have
I think they dropped this video maybe 20
minutes ago we want to play a snippet I
want to get your reaction to this video
I was so happy and Donald Trump declared
that he was going to run you all know
him as the president I know him as a
friend I know his heart the Donald Trump
is a trailblazer on women's issues not
only do I support him as a human being
who has incredible character and a great
vision but his policies affect my
community where I live in Los Angeles
and that's really why I am by him and I
believe that you will see that this
president is going to be incredible for
this country and I am excited about
what's happening with this demonstration
I'm very honored to be a part of this he
was the right choice for America when I
say Trump train I want you to say choo
choo
y'all ready
we should note you're standing there
next to Larry Trump in that video how do
you square that with with this how hard
is it for you to sit there and watch
that Omarosa well first of all I
completely understand why they would put
this calculation together because I'm
one of the few african-americans in his
orbit yeah they would put their greatest
hits together and that would compile
about 0.0% of the diversity but they
have at the RNC
and in the Trump administration they
should keep rerunning that video because
that was the best thing that happened to
this administration so if that's the
best that they have I'll just say this
to them I am NOT going anywhere I'm not
gonna be bullied I'm not intimidated and
I'm gonna go toe-to-toe with him
everything he throws at me believe me my
tapes are much better than theirs you're
going to release more tapes if I need to
I'll do what I have to do to protect
myself how are you going to determine
whether you need to Oh we'll see he's
threatening to get me arrested he's
trying to intimidate my publisher are
trying to intimidate me
Donald Trump has met his match we will
leave it there I'm a recent man got a
new man thank you for your time
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
