joining us on the phone now is Glynn
Turman arecas second husband they were
married from 1978 to 1984 Glen you were
actually married at the New Bethel
Baptist Church where Steve is now is
that correct yeah you you saw Aretha
within the last few days there Tuesday
yes talk to me about that I got an
opportunity to spend time with her we
had you had time together there that was
very moving very moving she was of
course in an out of of consciousness at
that time but when she regained
consciousness we were able to connect
with one another and it was a very
powerful moment very powerful moment to
put two friends to get a chance to say
what we had to say to one another wife
it's not for Cle of course but through
the spirit you know what she taking
stock on the extraordinary life that
she's lived I'm sorry
was she taking stock in in those last
few words you had with her was a wreath
in reflecting on her contribution on all
that she's done did she did she realize
what she meant so many people I wouldn't
say it was about taking stock it was
more of a personal private moment for
two people who care for each other to
just kind of look at one another know
that they you know what we had shared
and meant to one another
it wasn't about any taking stock of
accomplishments or anything of
professional achievements it was all
very touching in terms of family there
was a family moment you know when those
other things that are not really at the
forefront of one's mind at times like
that then what would you want people to
know about her those of us who are fans
of hers for years and years but who
didn't get to know her personally what
would you want us to know about the
woman she was
well the the the first thing that always
comes to mind to me is I would want
people to know about her sense of humor
she had tremendous sense of humor I
don't know how many jokes she had in her
repertoire of jokes but she loved to
tell jokes and love to keep you laughing
him and just had a great sense and and
was able to make some some jokes out of
situations that you wouldn't think were
funny you know she could find the humor
in situations we rather be people or
people's you know behavior or whatever
it is but she had a tremendous sense of
humor what was she you know we we all
did the interesting thing Stephanie was
just talking about all the wedding's
we've danced to her music yet she was
she at we had an intimate relationship
with her because we all associate her
music with something what was she
what was she what did she think about
personally because she was such an
inspiration to people where did she draw
her inspiration father she adored and he
was a very very powerful man a very
strong man and and he had a great deal
of effect on her in terms of his
involvement in the civil rights movement
and what his church the church that you
showed the openness is seventy-seven
with meant to the community so she was
rooted in the importance of giving back
of her people of what that all meant and
so as she you know everything that she
took upon herself to do had that as a
base what inspired her and what's over
a reason was curious she was a curious
person to yours about many things did
we'd sit and the table the tabletop had
clippings from several magazines about
all kinds of different categories
whether it was clippings that she would
take out about a recipe or clipping she
would cut out of a magazine about the
clothing or clippings about travel or
things about literally know who is
sitting there before Google and and you
know the internet and all that so she
they were papers all hopeful tables you
know offices about different things that
she was curious about them was looking
into and thought getting ideas for
concerts and ideas for shows oh this is
a good idea did you read this that kind
of thing once she brought me on highest
set of books on from Harvard Harvard
Business School read this Glenn read
this we need to be up on this graduation
you know she know but she was that was
really you know she was up on things you
said on the table there were different
kind of clippings recipes travel did she
like to cook we think of her as an
entertainer but maybe privately among
friends and family she entertained oh
she could burn he got he got an honorary
degree from Harvard in 2014 Melinda
smugglin must have told her told that
story in Arvidsson eyes get her eyelids
get her degree interesting Michael Eric
Dyson when we started this coverage said
the first thing he said about Aretha
Franklin is how curious she was how
she'd call up and ask questions so
that's remarkable that curiosity it is
kind of noteworthy though that today
the day on which Aretha Franklin passed
it is August the 16th 41 years to the
day that the kingdom rock and roll
passed away Elvis Presley died 41 years
ago today the king of rock and the Queen
of Soul thanks Glenn
Glynn Turman Aretha Franklin's former
husband I mean an honor to hear such
personal stories from someone who knew
and loved her there are great stories
right what do you want people that
they're curious and they've got a great
sense of humor yes that's kind of what I
wanted to hear about her what every
throw you're gonna have to read up on
this here's an article for me I like
that there is much more still ahead
honoring the Queen of Soul Aretha
Franklin here is a look at her star on
the Hollywood Walk of Fame
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
