we sent a call out to other newspapers
and media outlets around the country and
we were really amazed with the response
at first it was a couple that came
through and then over 350 news outlets
small newspapers large newspapers
different online outlets and from red
states and blue states there's just this
incredible outpouring of people who felt
the same way we did we're in their own
words that it was time to remind people
of what the role of the press is well
it's a shame that the truth sue stayed
in that in that editorial have to be
said out loud but obviously they do
right now we know that leadership from
the New York Times has gone in and
spoken to Donald Trump about the dangers
of calling the press the enemy of the
people and literally the next day the
president gets back on that warpath do
you have any hope that you will change
the mind or at least help the president
tone down his rhetoric I think that this
is not necessarily for the audience of
the president this is for the audience
of the people who work in journalism as
well as people in the communities that
we serve
you know the the messages that we're
hearing from the other newspapers as
they talked about this and and their
role is saying we're the friends we are
we are fellow Americans it's
dehumanizing language labeling
journalists as others and enemy and is
not its it takes away from the role that
journalists play their kids go to the
same schools they're looking for the
truth they're there researching there
from every level of government you know
we hold the accountability to school
boards and mayors and city councils and
governors and all the way up so it's
something that you know because you
might not agree with what is being said
the role within the community is still
really vital well Linda I asked you a
question and while you were answering
the president tweeted this quote the
fake news media is the opposition party
it is very bad for our great country but
we are winning that's a tweet a minute
ago from the President of the United
State
johnathan Lemire - on that note the is
there any concern here as much as this
is about making a public statement a
declaration of values is there any
concern here that it could actually
trigger some sort of backlash that
you've we've already seen the president
weigh in he's not necessarily explicitly
talking about this he might be and he
might again later but among his
supporters - we know what the the public
approval ratings are for the media it's
very low is there any concern this is
going to embolden the talk that the
media is conspiring against the
president when they see something that
seems like a unified message against it
it's not a message against the president
it is a message in favor of the
Constitution and in favor of democracy
and so this shouldn't be controversial
the fact that media outlets around the
country feel that there is a critical
role in our democracy for journalism and
for the media it shouldn't be a gap it
should be galvanizing in a belief in
what the the role of newspapers is it's
not against the president you can the
president is a defender of the
Constitution just as we are
Linda is Heidi pres Bella you said in
the beginning that the target audience
for this are the journalists who
actually work for these news
organizations as well as the communities
that they serve but what about the
people who are the target of Trump's
rhetoric how do you reach those people
and again just to circle back on this
being used against us even some folks in
the community such as the editor of the
San Francisco Chronicle put quote it
plays into Trump's narrative that the
media are aligned against him so how do
you actually reach the people who are
being targeted by Trump I think that the
individual editorials that were written
by all these different media outlets
address that really well it's a really
good point is that these are these were
all written in their own words and again
this is in favor of the Constitution in
favor of the First Amendment and in
favor of supporting and connecting the
community saying that you know these are
not enemies these are fellow Americans
these are neighbors these are your
friends
and some of the editors put it really
well in saying that the enemy is
corruption the enemy is darkness you
know and and this is what we are
together in pursuit of democracy well
Linda we in the media appreciate your
effort and your leadership in this
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
