and thanks to Tom for joining us this
hour today is August 15th which means
that tomorrow August 16th is the
anniversary of this amazing document you
can see at the top there it is dated
August 16th 1971 and then it says the
top line on the left there underlined to
all caps confidential memorandum subject
dealing with our political enemies this
is a memorandum written on this date in
1971 by a man named John Dean when John
Dean was working as white house counsel
to President Richard Nixon so the job
Don McGann has right now for Donald
Trump John Dean had that job for Richard
Nixon and in that capacity he wrote this
confidential memorandum quote this
memorandum addresses the matter of how
we can maximize the fact of our
incumbency in dealing with persons known
to be active in their opposition to our
administration stated a bit more bluntly
how can we use the available federal
machinery to screw our political enemies
now that is not me giving you a snarky
modern paraphrase of something that
appears more elegantly in this 47 year
old document that's literally what John
Dean wrote in this Nixon White House
memo how can we use the available
federal machinery to screw our political
enemies and then he he's got a proposal
quote after reviewing this matter with a
number of persons possessed of expertise
in this field really I have concluded
that we do not need an elaborate
mechanism or game plan rather we need a
good project coordinator and full
support for the project in brief this
system would work as follows and then
there's three bullet points number one
key members of the staff and then he
gives some examples including our old
friend Pat Buchanan Colson dent Flanagan
Buchanan that's Pat Buchanan quote
should be requested to inform us as to
who they feel we should be giving a hard
time Wow
number two the project coordinator
should then determine
what sorts of dealings these individuals
have with the federal government and how
we can best screw them forgive me but
that's literally what he says how we can
best screw them
for example grant availability if they
have contracts litigation prosecution
etc number three the project coordinator
then should have access to and the full
support of the top officials of the
agency or Department in proceeding to
deal with the individuals so this was
the first term of the Richard Nixon
administration this also ended up being
sort of part and parcel of their
re-election campaign effort in 1972 this
White House operation they eventually
turned toward Democrats who were running
for Congress and the Senate they turned
to people who are associated with
Democratic presidential campaigns in
addition to the enemies who they
identified as people just critical of
the administration in general but this
wasn't just a concept or a state of mind
that they had as a as a presidential
administration this was a concrete plan
with people assigned their parts in
helping to carry it out including
specific named people in the
administration who were charged with
keeping up the the target list keeping
the target list up to date
keeping it constantly updated so the
Nixon administration could quote
maximize the fact of our incumbency they
could maximize the fact that they
controlled the federal government and
the presidency to hurt persons known to
be active in their opposition to our
administration John Dean wrote that memo
at the White House on the on tomorrow's
date in 1971 less than two years later
in the summer of 1973 John Dean decided
that he was going to let the whole world
know about that not only the plan in
general but specifically the constantly
updated lists of enemies I do of course
know and as I have submitted in
documents
other agencies were involved in seeking
politically embarrassing information on
individuals who were thought to be
enemies of the white house I might also
add that in my possession is a rather
very much down the lines of what you're
talking about is a memorandum that was
requested by me to prepare a means to
attack the enemies of the White House
there was also maintained what was
called an enemies list which was rather
extensive and continually being updated
I'm not going to ask I'm afraid you
might answer I wonder does the are these
documents that are in the possession of
the of the committee no but I'd be happy
to submit them to the committee they
didn't fit within the request that I had
with counsel as to the documents he wish
to have produced but if the committee
doesn't wish them I'll be happy to
submit mr. Chairman I think the
committee would like very much to have a
copy of that memorandum all right sir
all right sir
so there's John Dean Nixon's White House
Counsel saying hey you know nobody asked
me for this but if you're interested in
all this like abuse of power stuff do
you want to know about the enemies list
that we've been continually updating at
the White House and the ways we have
both been scheming to and we've been
using the power of the presidency to go
after people who we considered to be the
president's political enemies because I
have that would you would you like that
and you hear the gasps in the committee
room when he announces it and
everybody's looking around and they
don't know whether to laugh or barf or
what
but John Dean did end up handing those
documents over to the Watergate
committee and that whole scheme and
scandal became part of the basis for the
second article of impeachment against
Richard Nixon which is about abuse of
power so Nixon got caught red-handed
with that not just using the power of
the presidency to in their words
screw with his political enemies but
also plotting overtly to do that or at
least plotting covertly to do that
plotting among themselves writing these
confidential memorandums talking about
it in these terms within the White House
staff committing it to writing I mean
eventually it became a sort of perverse
point of pride for people who ended up
on those Nixon enemies lists right I
mentioned were important enough to
important enough to have attracted the
president's attention if not affection
the opposite of love is not hate its
indifference so it's a sort of like oh I
didn't know you cared aspect to being
proud for ending up on one of those
enemies lists Ament you are important
enough to bother the president enough
he decided to use the powers of his
office to come after you point of pride
for a lot of people in the end I will
venture a guess that that may be how it
works out the second time around now
that we are living through a new
iteration of this story again in 2018
today the White House announced that
President Trump would strip former CIA
director John Brennan of his security
clearance but it turns out this is not a
John Brennan story today turns out
there's a whole list from this White
House John Brennan just happens to be
the first man on the list after noon I'd
like to begin by reading a statement
from the president I've decided to
revoke the security clearance of John
Brennan former director of the Central
Intelligence Agency I'm evaluating
action with respect to the following
individuals James clapper James Comey
Michael Hayden Sally Yates Susan Rice
Andrew McCabe Peter struck Lisa Paige
and Bruce or security clearances for
those who still have them may be revoked
and those who have already lost their
security clearance may not be able to
have it reinstated to be clear there are
no specific allegations from the White
House about the mishandling of
classified information or the leaking of
classified information or anything else
like that
miss handling or leaking classified
information is a crime this announcement
from the White House today was not
criminal accusation it was just an
announcement of people who the president
wants to go after the White House has a
new list how does one get so lucky as to
get on this list well the first time in
the White House floated this idea which
was also in the White House briefing
room a few weeks ago they were actually
pretty explicit as to what you have to
do to get on this list not only is the
president looking to take away Brennan's
security clearance he's also looking
into the clearances of Comey clapper
Hayden rice and McCabe making baseless
accusations of improper contact with
Russia or being influenced by Russia
against the president is extremely
inappropriate and the fact that people
with security clearances are making
these baseless charges provides
inappropriate legitimacy
to accusations with zero evidence so
again there is no accusation from the
White House that anybody's mishandling
classified information or misusing their
security clearance in some other way
that you're not allowed to do with the
security clearance but the White House
is now making clear you criticize the
president specifically with regard to
Russia intervening to help him in his
election then they will use the power of
the presidency to hurt you they're gonna
strip your security security clearance
to try to discredit you as a critic of
the President on Russia I mean at least
when the Nixon White House did it they
had the decency to write confidential on
top of their discussions of these sorts
of things we are not blessed in our era
with the same set of subtlety or shame
security clearances are real thing the
CIA and all the other agencies who grant
them or oversee them in fact they have
full fledged well-established procedures
to strip security clearances from people
for cause when there is cause to do so
none of those procedures were engaged
here those procedures were not followed
here those agencies were not involved
this was just directed personally from
the White House from the President
himself who's being hands-on here in the
way that Nixon was in a way that ended
up being a real problem for President
Nixon 40 plus years ago you might
remember from the Nixon tapes from the
oval office tapes how Nixon talked about
what he was looking for in an IRS
Commissioner right when he when he
wanted that IRS Commissioner to be he
wanted that IRS commissioner to be to be
willing to do things to his enemies and
not do things to his friends I mean the
president being so hands-on on these
kinds of punishment actions from the
White House this is part of what got
Nixon the second article of impeachment
why don't be sure he's a ruthless son of
it that'll do what he's told every
income tax return I want to see I see
he'll go after our enemies and not go
after our friends as simple as that if
he doesn't do that he doesn't get the
job
Nixon forty five years ago was hands-on
and directly involved directly in
control of coordinated efforts inside
his White House to make sure he was
using the power of the presidency in an
illegal way he was using the power of
the federal court the fact of our
incumbency using his control of the
White House and of the federal
government to go after our enemies and
to not go after our friends well this
statement today about stripping security
clearances from people specifically
because they've criticized the president
or the administration this statement
today remarkably was issued very
specifically in the president's name in
a way that is unusual for this White
House or for any other I mean the
president's press secretary did not go
out there and announce in her own words
this new policy this new action by the
administration she went to the podium
announced and announced that she was
reading a statement from the president
the White House then released this
document a PDF document which was
explicitly distributed as a statement
from the president written in the first
person and ascribed to the president
himself and only now this statement from
the president today obviously becomes an
instant historical document I have to
admit I kind of wish they had waited
until tomorrow to release it on August
16th instead of August 15th so the
parallel would have been all the more
perfect in terms of that August 16th
enemies list memo from John Dean back in
1971 they could day or so either side of
the historical parallel I will still
take it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
