Dave 573 of the Trump administration and
today saw that rare hybrid in the short
history of this White House a big shiny
object a giant political distraction in
this case designed to attract attention
away from the damage being caused by
Omarosa book but in action underlying
the shiny object that has real and
potentially chilling consequences today
President Trump revoked the security
clearance of this man former CIA
director John Brennan Brennan who we
should point out these days as a senior
national security and intelligence
analyst for both NBC and NBC News and
MSNBC is also a consistent and strident
critic of this president he was also one
of the first officials to sound the
alarm on Russian meddling in our 2016
election here is the president tonight
quoting one of his supporters who
appeared on Fox News John Brennan is a
stain on the country we deserve better
than this
from the briefing room earlier today
here is how the White House press
secretary laid out the reasons for
stripping Brennan's clearance while
threatening to take similar action
against other Trump critics any benefits
that senior officials might glean from
consultations with mr. Brennan are now
outweighed by the risks posed by his
erratic conduct and behavior mr. Brennan
has recently leveraged his status as a
former high ranking official with access
to highly sensitive information to make
a series of unfounded and outrageous
allegations wild outbursts on the
internet and television about this
administration as part of this review
I'm evaluating action with respect to
the following individuals James clapper
James Comey Michael Hayden Sally Yates
Susan Rice Andrew McCabe Peter struck
Lisa Paige and Bruce or not only are
they all Trump critics some of those
under evaluation are closely tied as you
know to the Russia investigation our own
Andrea Mitchell reports the president's
own Director of National Intelligence
Dan Coates was not aware in advance of
today's announcements no announcement
nor were other senior intelligence
officials the White House was asked for
evidence that John Brennan
actually somehow abused his clearance
but declined to provide any
administration have any reason to
believe or evidence to suggest Brennan
has misused classified information or
monetized his access to it as was
alleged earlier by this administration
again I've laid out the reasons for the
decision that was made on this specific
instance we'll continue to review the
other actions the reason why the absence
of you not saying those things you
didn't find any evidence no I wouldn't
make any assumptions I'm telling you
what the decision was based off on in
this case today's statement pulling
Brennan's security clearance was dated
July 26 that was a big indicator that it
was standing by on the skids ready for
weeks and was pulled out and announced
just today John Brennan is famously one
of the stone-cold faces in that photo
taken in the White House Situation Room
the night Osama bin Laden was killed
finding bin Laden was a huge part of his
job and his life's work after 9/11 full
rucker of The Washington Post
put this out tonight it shows Brennan's
major postings in his decades of service
to this country much of it clandestine
CIA station chief Saudi Arabia CIA
station chief director of terrorist
threat integration Center Director of
National Counterterrorism Center White
House Homeland Security Adviser CIA
director briefed three presidents
earlier Brennan himself spoke by phone
with our colleague Nicole Wallace
I do believe that mr. Trump decided to
take this action as he's done with
others to try to intimidate and suppress
any criticism of him or his
administration and revoking my security
clearances is his way of trying to get
back at me and this is not going to
deter me at all I'm going to continue to
speak out I think he fears individuals
who could damage him damage his standing
among the American people they look at
the way he's been referring to Muller
Muller who is a national treasure an
icon within the law enforcement and
justice communities who's doing his
level best to investigate Russian
interference the election
and the denigration about muller as well
as his team of investigators is is
reprehensible
I think mr. Trump is getting more and
more concerns more and more desperate I
would say more more frightened as there
is closer and closer magnification of
some of the things that those around him
have been involved in just a short time
ago tonight two other Intel Chiefs whose
clearances are under review also spoke
out the White House just messaged the
entire American intelligence community
if you stand up and say things that
upset the President or with which he
disagrees he will punish you and that is
a horrible message to be sending to
folks who are there to tell you
objective truth the bigger issue here
Chris to me is what this implies the
implications of this for the First
Amendment and the other question I have
is you know where does this end both of
those two gentlemen have 50 plus years
experience let's bring in our leadoff
panel for another busy Wednesday night
the aforementioned Andrea Mitchell NBC
News chief foreign affairs correspondent
host of Andrea Mitchell reports noon
Eastern weekdays on this network Clint
Watts back with us as well a former FBI
special agent a member of the Joint
Terrorism Task Force and Peter Baker
chief White House correspondent for the
New York Times welcome to you both and
good evening Andrea you get to define
this is this a giant shiny object or an
action with deep consequences or both
it's both I mean you are an astute
observer you recognize a bright shiny
object the timing clearly this was dated
July 26th released today it's a
distraction from Omarosa and all the
rest of the reality TV show that has the
White House has become that said there
are real implications of this First
Amendment as Jim clapper suggested and
as Mike Hayden said a real warning a
chilling effect not just
to the outside commentators you know
they're tough they can make their own
decisions what to do but to the
intelligence community who are also
tough but they have to stand up to this
president now they see with the
repercussions one of those on that list
of possible future revocation of
security clearances is a you know Bruce
or who is in the Justice Department
right now and had a relationship a
working relationship with an asset
Christopher steel on the dossier that
was enough to put him on the list it's
really remarkable it's unprecedented and
the irony here sadly is that the whole
reason that Mike Hayden helped establish
the president that former CIA directors
would keep their clearances is to help
new administrations be able to quickly
talk to their predecessors and find out
if something is unusual if it's you know
alarming something in Pakistan something
in Saudi Arabia that is the whole point
that they are able to quickly without
having to go through a loan clearance
process talk to someone like John
Brennan is a what about this guy we just
picked up what about his relatives what
do you know what should we be alert to
what do you think is happening in Saudi
and more on that very point a bit later
on in this conversation hey Peter Baker
there's reason to believe the president
has again tonight pulled a Lester Holt
and here's what I mean by that
we have his famous comment Lester looked
at as he put a trump in Russia and yes
of course he was gonna fire Comey well
tonight in an interview with The Wall
Street Journal the president says he was
going to do this last week but it was
too hectic
perhaps forgetting he was on vacation
and then there is this I call it the
rigged witch hunt
it's a sham mr. Trump said in an
interview so talking about what he did
to Brennan and these people let it he
add it so I think it's something that
had to be done so doesn't that Peter
right there blow up any appearance of
process or rigor that went into this
that the press secretary tried to
underscore today in the briefing room
yeah that's right look he makes very
clear
that the criteria for him is the people
who are investigating him or started the
investigation him or somehow we're
linked in the investigation to him in
other words the people that he considers
to be you know out to get him this isn't
obviously concern about the use of
classified information they don't have
any evidence that they've made the
public about any misuse of classified
information instead this is a list it's
not just that look if there is a concern
about John Brennan or something he had
done they might have handled this in a
different way if this is not about that
this is a list who is a list that they
put out that list is a one after the
other of people that President Trump has
made clear he considered to be his
enemies he has gone after repeatedly on
Twitter in public settings in all sorts
of ways and this is a list of people he
wants punished because as he told Peter
Nicholas + Michael bender from The Wall
Street Journal they were connected to
the Russia investigation Clint Watts we
have by my count around 50 minutes
remaining in today East Coast time
so knowing we still have 50 minutes I'll
say this I'll take some risk if you
enjoyed today in America that is to say
a day free of terrorist attack on this
country it stands to reason you would
want all of these X officials who've
devoted their lives and careers to the
Intel business to all have their
security clearances so they can all be
of counsel to the people taking on that
enormous burden now correct that is
correct
it's called eligible for access I doubt
the president actually understands the
distinction there are people eligible
for access with a security clearance and
then your read on two different topics
yeah you're not at home following all
the in example but it's so you can be
read in that's right and then once you
are read and you have access to the
actual intelligence that's what they do
with formers they put them eligible for
access this allows them to come back in
let's say you're negotiating and Iran
deal where you have sanctions coming up
and maybe nuclear options that you're
trying to restrict you would want to
bring back people that have been talking
to these characters that State
Department and si whoever it might be
are talking to so that they can
interface and get some understanding
even more a lot of the former's the
former Intel officials law enforcement
officials some of them have gone now
into the private sector you hear them
talk about oh they're trying to profit
from their clearance no actually that's
key for public/private partnerships it's
one of the most critical dimensions
right now in cybersecurity because there
are only a few people in the private
sector that can actually interface with
the government on cybersecurity so
they've been invaluable over the past
few years these linkages are critical
for the good of our national security
the only good that was done was for the
Trump team today so they could take a
political shot at their adversary I'm
thinking of the former FBI official we
have on the air who's the head of
CrowdStrike now so he takes his
government experience he's in the web
business privately but if they need him
back they know he's reputable and served
his country if they need to read him in
on a problem not only can they read him
in on it he understands all the
participants yes Shawn Henry and he
understands all the participants all the
procedures and he knows how the US
government works this is the key
distinction you can't just pull someone
off the street say tell me about this
they don't even have any context for it
so it's not good for our national
security and it's definitely not good
for America hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
