president Trump's morning began as it
always does watching his favorite TV
show where he was told that Omarosa has
outsmarted him in order to sell a book
she's come out with a series of tapes
and in many ways seems to have
outsmarted the president who has taken
the bait and gone out and tweeted
directly after I imagine bowel Trump's
panic this morning when his friends at
Fox and Friends declared Omarosa the
winner in her battle with the president
was that the moment that convinced
Donald Trump that he had to change the
story of the day is that why the
president struck out at John Brennan
today and removed his security clearance
today something he could have done at
any time the question of the day at the
White House press briefing today was
going to be about the president using
the n-word here's NBC's Kristen Welker
just before the briefing started today
the other big question that we tried to
get to in this briefing room yesterday
is there in fact a tape in which
President Trump when he was a citizen
used the n-word the Sarah Sanders saying
that look she would refers to the
president's statement in which he denies
it but saying that she hadn't had a
chance to ask him herself has she at
that point that's one of the critical
questions but the briefing was not
filled with questions about the
president's racism because of the
president's dramatic announcement about
removing John Brennan's security
clearance and so is that the end of it
or did Donald Trump simply get one day
off from Omarosa accusations
Omarosa is scheduled to be back on TV
tomorrow the story she has created has
already transcended Amorosa and her book
and is all about Donald Trump's history
of racism when we come back after this
break listen to what Donald Trump said
about being black in 1989 we do not have
a recording of Donald Trump using the
n-word but we do have this video from 43
year-old Donald Trump in 1989
I've said one occasion even about myself
if I was starting off today I would love
to be a well-educated but because I
really believe they do have an actual
advantage today and joining our
discussion now Franklin Leonard a film
executive and founder of the blacklist
and Jason Johnson is back with us and
Franklin Leonard there's Donald Trump in
1989 saying I would love to be a
well-educated black because I really
believe they do have an actual advantage
today any hints of racism in that I mean
look I've said for several years now
that when you're accustomed to
privileged equality feels like
oppression but it is not and I think
what's most remarkable about this is
that we're not even talking about
equality in a practical sense we're
talking about the hints of the beginning
of progress towards equality and yet in
1989 and still in 2018 you hear the sort
of victimization narrative from the
White House and also really animating
the entire white supremacist movement in
this country but look I'm very happy to
be what I would imagine that Donald
Trump would consider a well-educated
black but there's no evidence to back up
that claim I think it dr. sandy dirty
dude is actually done amazing work sort
of disputing the myth that education
solves the the wealth gap in this
country being a well-educated black will
assume that means a college graduate
roughly equates in terms of median
income to being a high school dropout if
you're white I also think it's notable
that this this quote this interview came
I believe it's late 1989 which is
roughly contemporaneous with Trump's
public comments about the Central Park
five so at the same time he's claiming
he would rather be a well-educated black
he's also calling for maximum punishment
for five black men who were innocent of
a crime and we know that now professor
Jason Johnson and I think he was talking
about you if I'm listening to him and
and Harvard graduate Franklin Leonard
but but listen to what John O'Donnell
who I'm not related to who worked for
Donald Trump what he wrote in his book
called Trump about Donald Trump and this
is about Donald Trump's own attitude
toward education
black men working in his business he
there's a passage where in the book
where O'Donnell writes quotes Trump
saying black guys counting my money I
hate it I think that the guy is lazy and
it's probably not his fault because
laziness is a trait in blacks and so
that's how the black accountants were
treated in one of Donald Trump's casinos
when he actually saw an educated black
man working as an accountant yeah
imagine what he thinks have not educated
black people I mean like I guess omorosa
of ben Carson look here's the thing
about Donald Trump it's it's not just
that he's a racist right that's already
a given it's that he's even more racist
than people that we know are racist he
got sued by the Nixon administration for
housing discrimination I mean like Nixon
came up with the Southern Strategy you
know he picked Jeff Sessions to be his
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was two
races for Republicans thirty years ago I
mean you know in his explanation that
well I haven't said this word or this
side of the other look at the end of the
day we don't need a tape to know that
Donald Trump is racist I was at the
unite the right rally in Washington DC
on Sunday I didn't hear anybody say the
n-word but I'm pretty sure those guys
were still racist so the idea that he
can hide or dance around this or that he
makes some distinction between educated
and non educated black people is an
absolute lie now Franklin Leonard a wise
man of showbusiness who worked with
Donald Trump in the entertainment
business knows him very well said to me
today that there's absolutely no doubt
that Donald Trump pulled his move on
John Brennan today to change the subject
from Omarosa and friend make sure that
the questions today were not about is
there a recording of Donald Trump using
the n-word of course he did I mean this
is a playbook we see time and time again
something happens we got to have a
distraction it's fascinating that they
have them on file now ready to go
undated ready to release and I'm sure
we'll see it many more times well
because of their incompetence
it actually was dated and it was dated
July 26th we actually see on the
document that they've been sitting with
this since July 26th waiting for the day
they needed to block something and
and Franklin it seems that Omarosa was
what they needed to block the most I
mean look I think this is just typical
of the incompetence of the
administration on some level I think I'm
happy about it because it means that we
actually find out the things that we
need to find out but just as the hiring
of Omarosa indicates incompetence the
sort of trail that she left throughout
the administration would indicate that
as well this is this is par for the
course thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
