Julie Ainsley is an NBC national
security and justice reporter she is
also our eyes and ears inside the mana
for trial and Harry Lippmann is a former
US attorney and Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Julia tell us about how
both sides made their closing arguments
today we heard a really firm case from
the prosecution they took an hour and 45
minutes to walk through everything that
Paul Manafort did on bank fraud on tax
evasion and on not giving the
information he should have on his
foreign bank accounts the defense really
put a lot of their eggs in the basket of
discrediting rick gates they wanted to
say he is the one who'd led this double
life he stole from his boss you can't
believe what he's saying and that they
said that the prosecution is actually
kind of nitpicking and cobbling together
some evidence that they wouldn't have
brought otherwise if it hadn't been for
the special counsels office I said
that's the only reason why we're here is
because of the special counsels office
but then there was a rebuttal from the
prosecution and one of the things that
they said Katie is look Rick Gates is
not a boy scout we didn't pick him Paul
Manafort did he picked someone who would
do criminal activity because he is a
criminal himself but they said take
everything he set aside it is consistent
with all of the documents we have shown
you now we're going through the very end
of jury instructions the judge is giving
those orally which is a little unusual
and a little problematic cuz they'll
have to go back and listen to everything
he said on tape rather than having that
in their hands and then we can expect
deliberations to begin sometime tomorrow
Katie and how much Harry how much is
this going to weigh on the entire
credibility of the the Moller
investigation if the jury does not come
back with a guilty plea does that does
that does that discredit the broader
investigation even if they come back
with 17 guilty or guilty verdicts and
one not guilty verdict is that gonna
hurt robert muller 17 and one i think
will be fine and there's zero chance
here of an acquittal so that can't
happen the one possibility is will there
be some kind of holdout juror not based
on the evidence but
some kind of you know jury nullification
reason will that it shouldn't really
hurt Mahler who has come forward with a
basically bulletproof case and has
proven it and really the defense had
nothing to counter it with today but I
think so I think if there is a holdout
juror and a mistrial even though they go
immediately back to retrial it will
generally hurt him and conversely if
there's a solid conviction here I think
it will muffle the cries of witch-hunt
even further
Harry zero chance they're gonna come
back with an acquittal zero Y zero
look the case is overwhelming there was
a little bit of a mystery at the
beginning here
why is mana fort going forward with such
evidence against him and the answer is
you know does he have something special
up his sleeve the answer is clearly no
it really was an overwhelming case and
it's so strong on papers best best line
of the day Greg Andres the star
witnesses here are the documents the
defense then stands up and gives peons
two beyond a reasonable doubt standard
the evidence to all observers anyone
who's watching from the beginning is
overwhelming and I think the only
possibility there wouldn't even be more
than one or two holdouts that is the
best hope now however for for man afford
there's just there's just no possible
road to acquittal interestingly Rudy
Giuliani SEMA suggests last night that
Robert Miller's team has not gotten back
on Giuliani's proposal for a and the the
scope for a presidential sit down
because they're waiting for the mana
Ford trial to end here's what he said on
on CN n are you any closer to having a
deal with Muller to sit down no haven't
heard from them in a week how do you
interpret that III think they're waiting
for the I hate to bring up the case I
think they're waiting for the metaphor
case I think they feel if they win
they're going to be empowered you know I
wonder what the government thinks and by
the government I mean I wonder what Rudy
Giuliani the president's team of lawyers
think when they when they watched the
mana for trial when they get the
dates in the manna for trial and all of
the evidence that's been submitted by
molars team against Paul Manafort the 27
witnesses to back up their argument do
you think Harry that that's the sort of
thing that would make them nervous sure
I mean for the reasons I said and also
because it begins to have at the end of
the evidence a little bit of an inroad
into the story of the campaign because
that last loan remember is engineered by
manna forts trying to arrange for a
position I should say on the Giuliani
point right there's no reason at all
that Muller couldn't be discussing it
with them and now we have that
artificial deadline coming after at
September 1st that with their well they
couldn't possibly have an interview
after that so I think it's all just
meant to gin up a an argument that we
can't have an interview that's for with
with some excuse other than we don't
want to have an interview and we will
wait and see what happens with this jury
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
