I'm joined by right now by Heidi Presler
NBC News national political
correspondent Robert Kosta Washington
Post national political reporter Ben
Rhodes former deputy national security
adviser thank you I want to start with
Robert what is the president up to in
this strange disciplined silence of his
he continues to get intelligence reports
there's pressure on the administration
to back away from the Saudi Kingdom you
have the secretary of the Treasury
removing himself from that conference
next week but you still have an
administration a president reluctant to
take action on human rights wanting to
preserve that relationship seeing it in
purely transactional terms why does he
feel that he has to either condemn the
the action or take sides in defending it
why doesn't he just say this was
horrible this is terrible and and then
deal with the transactional aspects of
our economic and our relationships as
they have been with some sort of
tweaking why does he feel he has to be
on their side so much I mean this idea
that somehow they're innocent seems to
be indefensible to say that the joint in
the cover-up why would he want to do
that part of the president's caution
Chris is because he's not getting any
pressure from his own party which
controls Congress weeks ahead of the
midterm elections they're standing by
him usually the Republican Party pretty
hawkish on human rights a traditional
mainstream foreign policy GOP types
would urge action not so much right now
you have senator bob Corker and other
Senator Lindsey Graham saying a few
words but it's Trump in command that
tells you so much about the Republican
Party and foreign policy today over the
past two years President Trump has
railed against other traditional allies
of the US over a range of issues from
defense to trade let's watch them about
other people what's your biggest
competitor the biggest foe globally
right now well I think we have a lot of
foes I think the European Union is a foe
what they do to us in trade ultimately
Germany will have almost 70 percent of
their country controlled by Russia with
so you tell me is that appropriate I
mean would like been complaining about
this from the time I got it it should
have never been allowed to have happened
but Germany is totally controlled by
Russia Canada has treated us very badly
wonderful however when it comes to the
killing of Jamaal khashoggi and the
royal family over there in Saudi Arabia
the president's support has been
unequivocal watch this we are going to
leave nothing uncovered with that being
said the King firmly denied any
knowledge of it no they're just the
great very talented people they're not
investigating themselves they're gonna
cut cause these are all talented people
and that giving cover at all with that
being said Saudi Arabia has been a very
important ally of ours in the Middle
East Ben Rhodes thank you once upon a
time meeting not too many years ago this
country had moral authority in the world
we tried to position ourselves as the
good guys that I want to believe in
press freedoms and human rights
generally going back to Jimmy Carter
going back to Roosevelt we tried to be
the country that was for the good guys
and looked out for the underdogs a lot
of the time this seems to be a clear-cut
case we defend a journalist who
apparently was killed according the
president was killed but what doesn't
seem like we're taking the side of the
victim here and his interests against
the the killer yeah Chris I mean we
become essentially the Trump
administration a co-conspirator in the
cover-up I mean at this point a normal
administration not just Obama but any
traditional American administration
would be working with those very same
allies that you showed Trump criticizing
the European Union Canada to figure out
what are the consequences that we're
going to impose on Saudi Arabia let's
face it we don't need to know much more
than we already know the man went into
the Saudi consulate and never came out
decisions like that to send hit squads
into other countries to kill journalists
do not get made in the Saudi system
without Mohammed bin Salman the power
behind the throne knowing about that so
what we're seeing here Chris is is
really the continuation of a profound
realignment of American foreign policy
under Donald Trump where we no longer
speak up for democracy and human rights
we no longer speak up for journalists
instead we call them the atyminius enemy
of the state and we're giving a green
light not just to this Saudi regime but
to any regime around the world who wants
to harm dissidents harm journalists
because the most powerful democracy in
the world is no longer on that their
side and I think we can't imagine the
message that that's sending to people
and governments around the world and
just how much that's shifting the
workings of the global ordered that the
United States has led since the end of
World War two when you were the
spokesman for foreign policy for the
previous government previous
administration White House do you really
believe I'm not going to put words in
your mouth well I think I just heard
them that the signal was sent by this
president of the world into the bad guys
of the world including the Saudi family
that we hate journalists to the point
where whatever you got to do with it was
fine with us well look we've been saying
for many months that were concerned that
the rhetoric that he uses at home
against journalists could have a
chilling effect abroad particularly with
governments who are willing to do
horrific things to squelch dissent the
Saudis undertook this operation knowing
that it wouldn't just silence Jamal
Khashoggi it was so brazen that they
want the message to go out to any Saudi
journals or dissident in any country in
the world that this could happen to you
the chilling thing is the Saudis might
not mind the attention this is getting
because it's getting that message across
and if you take that and on top of that
you have a US president who seems more
concerned at protecting Mohammed bin
Salman and that protecting the the Saudi
government after this action then that
message is only compounded and there are
plenty of other governments around the
world who would do harm to journalists
who would do harm to dissidents who will
take comfort in the fact that the United
States is no longer figuring out what
consequences we can impose on a country
like Saudi Arabia after they do this
we're figuring out how to get them
through this well Heidi I don't mind
going to General Quarters on this
meeting where I usually go I think it
has to do
his family I think it has that with
Jared his son-in-law he's been sort of
his Viceroy when it comes to dealings
with the Arab world I think he feels
that somehow he's in bed with this royal
family over there that his sort of
Romanov phony family and their families
seem to be locked together Jared and
this crown prince and his crown prince
seem to be in bed together politically
well you raised the exact question and
the answer is we don't know and why
don't we know because he's never unlike
every president before him prior you
know going back to Nixon actually
disclosed his financial interests what
we do from what we do know the Saudis
have definitely invested in him from
what we do know during the campaign he
opened at least eight companies in Saudi
Arabia's is this because of some kind of
a direct financial connection or is this
just part of a broader pattern of
affinity that he's shown well affinity
towards these types of jumps of
autocratic leaders that word I'm
interested in they see the Saudi royal
family especially this young princely
Prince seems to think of Jared as
something like him in the United States
the son-in-law the Crown Prince they
seem to built that relationship as if
it's two royal families interlocking if
you will hooking up if you will and it
seems to me that this president looks at
the same way in Reverse
we can definitely draw a line back to
the fact that the very first visit by a
foreign visit by this president was to
Saudi Arabia and the fingerprints of
Jared Kushner on that and now the
question is I think we've seen that this
is not going to be an investigation
they've already had too much time
they've had Pompeo come over there and
not make demands for example listening
to the tape and whatnot and so the
question is has the United States
already allowed the Crown Prince to octa
to to argue plausible deniability that
no matter what comes out of this
investigation he didn't know about it
they've already had one of the
executioner's killed alleged
executioner's killed in a car crash
there's your there's your your excused
her one of the men who allegedly took
part in the execution of Jamal khashoggi
was killed in a car accident now is this
just within the past day okay Brad you
report you wanted to jump in here
robbery custom put aside for a moment
this Romanovs illusion you're making
because based on my conversations with
White House officials Chris it's really
about Pompeo the Secretary of State
playing his own chess game in the Middle
East thinking you got to go after Iran
Saudi Arabia is crucial and how the u.s.
is positioning himself with Iran the
president with his transactional view of
foreign policy all about money the arms
deals the oil that Jared's with respect
to mr. Kushner based on the
conversations with the White House
officials more of a side player here
partly because he's seen it a little bit
hot a little bit hot because of his
relationship with Mohammed bin Salman
yeah but what about this I know he may
be covering up for this or leading the
cover because this isn't the son-in-law
Gary the one who's supposed to put this
grand treaty together something like the
old green line with some changes but
doesn't protect the Arab rights and in
Jerusalem isn't it and they aren't they
looking for the Saudis to underwrite
that deal wasn't that the plan led by
that was Crown Prince that was the plan
but actions speak louder than any kind
of plan who went to Saudi Arabia who's
gone to Turkey it's the Secretary of
State not Jared Kushner okay why didn't
the Secretary of State ask to hear the
recordings that the the Turkish
government and its official newspapers
have been putting out with all that
horrid
I mean really horrifying details about
the torture and dismemberment of
khashoggi why don't they why didn't he
ask if he could listen to that tape when
he was that's why that's why the
midterms matter because Congress needs
to ask these kind of tough questions
maybe under subpoena or invite the
Secretary of State to Capitol Hill
senator corker is asking questions but a
lot of Republicans right now aren't
asking the questions you're asking
they're sitting here talking about
sports or something I don't know what
they're having such a great time about
this is this week in the aftermath of a
unbelievable torture and murder with a
dismemberment and this guy's the chief
suspect and Pompeyo is having I don't
know tea with the guy I don't know
what's going anyway there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
