we are now joined by former CIA director
John Brennan this is his first reaction
since learning today that his security
clearance has been stripped by President
Donald Trump director Brennan thank you
for joining us just your first reaction
well Nicole I just pushed out a tweet
expressing my concern about what I think
is a politically motivated action by mr.
Trump and let me read that director let
me read it let me read it for all of our
viewers and anyone in their car who
can't see that we put it up on the
screen you just tweeted this action is
part of a broader effort by mr. Trump to
suppress freedom of speech and punish
critics it should gravely worry all
Americans including intelligence
professionals about the cost of speaking
out my principles are worth far more
than clearances
I will not relent and that's basically
is the essence of my my reaction I do
believe that mr. Trump decided to take
this action as he's done with others to
try to intimidate and suppress any
criticism of him or his administration
and revoking my security clearances is
his way of trying to get back at me but
I think I have tried to voice the
concerns of millions of Americans about
mr. Trump's failures in terms of
fulfilling the responsibilities of that
sacred and solemn office of the
presidency and this is not going to
deter me at all I'm going to continue to
speak out but I am very worried about a
message that it appears that mr. Trump
is trying to send to others and
including those that currently hold
security clearances within the
government I think he included Bruce or
the current partner justice official
among those whose clearances he's
reviewing is this an effort to try to
cowl individuals both inside and outside
of the government to make sure that they
don't say anything that is critical at
mr. Trump or with which he disagrees and
I've seen this type of behavior
actions on the part of foreign tyrants
and despots and autocrat for many many
years during my CIA and mass security
career I never ever thought that I would
see it here in the United States and so
I I do believe that all Americans really
need to take stock of what is happening
right now in our governments and how
abnormal and how irresponsible and how
dangerous these actions are so again at
mr. Trump please but this is going to
lead me to just go away and be quiet
he is very badly mistaken let me ask you
an uncomfortable question the president
today described you your conduct as
erratic they said this isn't a
retaliation for erratic conduct and
behavior he is trying to diminish your
credibility what do you know that you
haven't shared yet that he would want to
take your credibility down a notch you
were highly regarded by Democrats and
Republicans but it seems like as he's
done with Jim Comey as he's done with
robert muller your credibility is
something he sees as important to
diminish what what do you know that he's
afraid of well i think he is concerned
about the the criticisms that i'm boy
seing publicly i think he hears those
types of criticisms i think he fears
individuals who could damage him damage
his standing among the American people
I look at the way he's been referring to
Bob Muller Bob Muller who is a national
treasure an icon within the law
enforcement and justice communities who
is doing his level best to investigate
Russian interference in the election and
the denigration of Bob Muller as well as
his team of investigators is is
reprehensible it really is and so I
think when I speak out about some of his
practices and his where I think are
flawed policies now we can all have
policy disagreements and differences
that could make this country great
but I must tell you that mr. Trump's
dishonesty his lack of integrity his
ambassadors mean-spiritedness the types
of things that he has just tweeted out
of past 72 hours the terms that he uses
this is not what I think of American
presidents nor of America we're better
than this we have to be better than this
we have been a shining example to the
world and mr. Trump is letting this
country down do you do you believe he's
motivated by a desire to please someone
other than the American public and by
that we've had a lot of conversations
about his relationship with Vladimir
Putin after Helsinki even some of his
closest allies and I understand even
some members of the White House staff
started to scratch their head and wonder
if ooh maybe there is something there do
you think his conduct in office the fact
that he is almost to a ace in an item to
a to-do list carrying out Vladimir
Putin's wishes for the American
democracy the divisions the polarization
the pro-russia policies and that and the
disparagement of our longest closest and
most trusted allies do you think there's
something more going on than
incompetence and debasing the office of
the presidency well he may very well
have a guilty conscience about the types
of things that he has done in the past I
don't know he is the one who has to
account for those previous actions and
whether or not those actions ran afoul
of ethics and at the law and I don't
know what he may be concerned about in
terms of what might be divulged as part
of this investigation or others but as I
have said repeatedly I find his attitude
and behavior toward
by the Putin and the Russians very very
puzzling and very very irrational and so
I don't know what what it is that is
behind that but I think that's why it's
critically clearly important
that odd Muller and the soon
investigators be allowed to continue
their work unimpeded by mr. Trump or
anyone else in administration it's
important that rod Rosen Stein stays in
charge of that investigation from a
Department of Justice oversight
perspective but clearly I think mr.
Trump is getting more and more concerned
more and more desperate I would say more
more frightened as there is closer and
closer magnification of some of the
things that those around him have been
involved in those who may have been
concealing illegal activities as they've
been admitted by a number of individuals
that were associated with the Trump
campaign so I do think it's important
that I can speak out I know some things
that the Russians were involved in but I
certainly don't know all the things that
mr. Trump has been involved in over the
years and I do not pretend to have that
knowledge he is the one but clearly his
actions
are those of somebody who was seeking to
prevent the full light of day being
shone upon his past you've talked about
a guilty conscience and you've talked
about the importance of robert muller
being able to complete his work you must
know that Robert Muller is perhaps the
most frequent punching bag from this
president in his Twitter feed I wonder
if you could you know having having some
familiarity with how Bob Muller runs an
investigation and how he thinks about
prosecutions and investigations I wonder
if you think that the president is at
this point a target in the obstruction
of justice investigation or the
conspiracy investigation around
collusion with Russia and if you think
that that that's a semantic game at this
point if you think that it's the fact
that perhaps Muller is adhering to
Justice Department policy which says you
can't indict a sitting president do you
think but for that the president is a
target of the obstruction investigation
or the collusion investigation I have no
knowledge about what Bob Mullen is
team have uncovered and what they are
pursuing but what I do know about Bob
Muller and those investigators is that
they are exceptionally thorough
exceptionally meticulous and will
continue to look for any evidence of
criminal wrongdoing whether that was to
conspire with foreign governments
against this country whether it was to
defraud this country as a result of
financial transactions that were hidden
or obstruction of justice and over the
last year plus when Bob bola has been
involved in this effort and the previous
year where the FBI was investigating a
restaurant appearance I am confident
that they have looked at all of these
debris angles and I know that Muller is
not going to give anyone a pass in terms
of any type of criminal conduct that
might have been uncovered so again I
have no knowledge about what's in the
status of that investigation but I just
know that the quality of Muller and his
team is one that all Americans should be
proud of and all Americans whether they
support this Trump or not should want
this investigation to be brought to
completion and so that we can once and
for all
resolve some of these questions that are
outstanding about what happened during
this period of time what the Russians
were involved with doing and who they
might have been working with I think at
the end of the day we all should accept
the findings of that special
investigative team and if they
exonerates everybody including mr. Trump
from any wrongdoing whatsoever we should
accept that because that is what's the
rule of law demands that's what our
system of justice requires but I have
been very very disheartened and
disappointed that mr. Trump and others
have tried to throw obstacles in the
path of this investigation from the very
early its very earliest days I don't
that is something that should not happen
and I'm guessing if they thought it
would
sonner ate them they would have agreed
to an interview which 70% of Americans
believe this president should do that
obviously includes a lot of his own
supporters can I ask you about where you
go from here have you heard today from
CIA director Gina Haskell about the
stripping of your clearance or DNI coats
who we understand from Andrea Mitchell's
reporting we're not in the loop on the
president's decision to strip you of
your clearances no I was called by a
friend and associate when Sarah Huckabee
Sanders was giving that statement so I
had no knowledge of it beforehand no one
contacted me nobody reached out to me
over the past several weeks when this
issue was first had first surfaced so
the first I heard of that it was when I
was able to turn on the television and
listen to Sanders and I have not heard
anything from any government official
since then or before then so I'm just
watching the news and I'm so glad that
you and other members of the court the
state are carrying responsibilities to
report information to the American
people
general Hayden has said that Donald
Trump has been engaged in an assault on
evidence-based practices the
intelligence community the law
enforcement community the media and
science what do you think happens to the
people inside the government who rely on
evidence intelligence gathered about the
ongoing threat posed by Russia
information that they need to bring to
the president but we've already seen he
has a penchant for leaking to Russians
what happens to the people inside
government who can't have the
conversation you and I are having right
now well it's a very good question and
when I was in government I served for
six presidents three Republicans and
three Democrats and I don't think that
was ever a time that any intelligence or
law enforcement and ask your
professional questioned whether the
president the United States was taking
their information seriously they might
have agree with the conclusions they
might have decided to go on certain
policy courses but they never had a
sense that the president was either
dismissive
or had this rather the same whole
attitude toward their professions now
though the situation is much different
I think mr. Trump has shown himself to
be somebody who is person foremost
concerned about himself and was
concerned about how he appears and his
poll numbers know things and and is not
taking the u.s. national security and
our our domestic comity and our ability
to get along as the the guiding
principles of his job and that is I
think something that should be is I I
know dispiriting to a lot of
professionals who sacrifice a lot and
their families who sacrifice a lot when
they have to be deployed overseas and
telling members the ones right to keep
the home fires burning
I get so upset when I hear mr. Trump
denigrate the work of national security
and tells professionals when I know that
they have a very very challenging job
and juggling their professional
responsibilities along with their
personal responsibilities so this is I
think a sad time we will come out from
it under it I am very confident in their
rebellion of this and the strength of
this nation mr. Trump is not going to
bring this country down I think in fact
the opposite will happen one of the
reasons people like you keep your
clearances is because you've been
involved in every national security
threat facing this country for the
duration of your career as have the
other people that he listed as targets
on his enemies list for the same
punishment you received today do you
believe it in dangers America's national
security if there's this brain drain of
people who were involved in making plans
to capture bin Laden or stripped of
their clearances they're not able to be
a resource for the current
administration
well clearances are certainly a
privilege I'm considering a right and I
think all of us who had to go through
the security clearance process had to
demonstrate that we were worthy of
holding this nation's secrets and
keeping and preserving them and so I am
concerned that if security clearances
are now going to become a political tool
in the hands of individual such as into
Trump that I think will send a very very
chilling message to individuals in the
government currently maybe former
officials who still hold their
clearances as well as the future
generation of intelligence and ask your
professional so this I am very concerned
about the principle here I'm very
concerned about what this night 4:10 in
terms of the relocation of other
clearances and this is something that I
believe that the press needs to shine a
very bright spotlight on make sure that
this abuse and that's what I consider it
an abuse of power but mr. Trump does not
go without a very close review and
challenge just real quick is there
anything you can do to appeal this
decision today is there a process for
appealing the stripping of your
clearances well I don't know Nicole and
right now I'm still absorbing the
announcement and it's not going to
affect my sticking out my criticisms of
mr. Trump I'm going to try to do it in a
professional way but I don't know what
recourse there is and so I'll just take
things one day at a time
thank you for absorbing it live on our
air we are very grateful to have you on
all days especially today
