this morning Catholics around the world
are processing a stunning report out of
Pennsylvania detailing horrific horrific
sexual sexual abuses of children by
hundreds of priests across the state of
Pennsylvania state attorney general Josh
Shapiro led the two year-long
investigation and spoke very bluntly
about the church's efforts to repeatedly
cover-up these crimes the church
officials routinely and purposefully
described the abuse as horseplay and
wrestling an inappropriate contact it
was none of those things
it was child sexual abuse including rape
committed by grown men priests against
children the stories of abuse by men who
are given the highest level of trust are
grotesque those entrusted to minister to
their communities used gold crosses
necklaces symbols of their faith to mark
their victims making them easier to
target a child was stripped naked and
forced to stand on a bed and pose as
Christ on the cross one priests
confessed to raping at least 15 boys
some as young as seven years old another
abused five sisters from the same family
and please pay attention the numbers we
were about to go through are both
stunning and disturbing more than 1,000
children were abused in twisted and
sadistic cases of exploitation some of
which included alcohol whips and holy
water and the state AG says he believes
his office believes there are even more
the grand jury report names 301 priests
though some remain redacted but the
scope of the abuse is staggering it's
staggering because you only get numbers
this big if there are systemic cover-ups
going on year after year and it's not
like this is a new story
year after year is right this report
covers allegations over more than 70
years starting in the 1940s across the
state church officials allegedly helped
the disgusting abuse by moving priests
even giving one who left the church a
job reference to work at Disneyworld and
to put those 301 abusers in perspective
there are only nine hundred and
eighty-two parishes in Pennsylvania and
priests regularly move around during
their careers giving these abusers the
chance to victimize children statewide
for decades this problem touched every
single diocese in the state and it
reaches far beyond Pennsylvania
something all 1.2 billion Catholics
across the planet will have to reckon
with the state attorney general
presented a video giving the survivors
an opportunity to share their stories in
their own words there's a bit of that
video I grew up in a small western
Pennsylvania town Johnstown Pennsylvania
I grew up in baffle and hot which is
like right behind steel high high school
steel an area I was groomed starting
young the day I met him I was I was
about 18 months old they targeted me
because I was fatherless we were taught
I mean the priests and the nuns are God
just think like the word God makes me
think of him tonight is
who do believe me a priest in 1948 or 47
would abused you petuzi never heard of
such a thing because they covered it up
it doesn't ever go away it has an effect
on you for the rest of your life
and I'm a survivor it's very lonely so
so it's your word against God's your
word against God's they covered it up
year after year joining us now one of
the survivors that you saw in that video
Sean Doherty and Mitchell Garabedian be
Dean in an attorney representing six
survivors directly involved in this
report he's represented those Abused by
priests for more than 20 years Mitchell
thank you for your work Sean thank you
for your story you said that sharing
this story was one of the proudest
things you have ever done in your life
tell us why and what has the last 24
hours been like for you it's been
absolutely relieving for the last 24
hours
I've had this weight lifted off my
shoulder since I joined the military in
1991 and sworn oath you know I've been
trying to talk about this since then I
feel yesterday I had the opportunity to
fulfill my oath I'm thrilled that since
I came out publicly the people that I'm
connected to now the stories that were
sharing the people that are reaching out
to me from literally around the world
that this helps us all immensely we have
all been alone for so long and now we
are all connected through our stories
through this grand jury and now through
social media and we are now instead of
fighting this on our own we are trying
to tackle it together
Mitchell I you know some of the the
offenses detailed have happened in the
last 10 years
I'm kind of fascinated by that because I
have heard this story and have been
covering it for decades why when this
first came out did this not stop did the
church not take stronger actions why are
we still talking about this we now know
it's been going on for 70 plus years and
this this horrific story is just about
the state of Pennsylvania its
criminality criminality through and
through you are dealing with an
international criminal enterprise for
centuries and I have clients who abused
seven eighty years ago they were
sexually abused by priests they were in
the criminal acts were clear the
supervisors allowed it to happen
those were criminal acts and allowing it
to happen and it's continuing you have
the most prestigious powerful
influential institution in the world the
Catholic Church allowing the wholesale
sexual abuse of children supervisors
turn their backs on innocent children
pedophile priests sexually abused
innocent children and the Vatican knew
about it
Cardinals knew about it Cardinal
McCarrick himself is a sexual abuser
Monsignors knew about it supervisors
knew about it if the prowl
if the Catholic Church has a problem
with money they'll call the police to
determine who's stealing money from the
church but if they have a problem with
sexual abuse of children they keep it
quiet and that's how it's been kept
quiet secrecy is the common thread here
Sean do you have any confidence that
things will change now to Ally's point
we've been telling this story year after
year and even yesterday when you saw the
response out of Washington Cardinal
Donald Wuerl he used to be in Pittsburgh
for years and years and you would think
at this point the Catholic Church would
take some sort of draconian measures to
say the buck stops here we must end this
but instead again we're getting the were
disappointed we're sorry we're
troubleshooting that's the hand they've
played forever that's the hand that's
worked that's the hand that's got into
the
point that's the hand that they're gonna
play you don't think anything will
change no I believe I personally believe
change is coming but it's not going to
be because of the church how and why
it's gonna be forced just like how the
Catholic Church's changes anything else
they're forced to do it there they're
going to have to face this report years
ago it was only the Catholic Conference
of Bishops secretly sharing their secret
archives in their joint conferences
somewhere in the country secretly well
we all suffered alone now we are all
together and our conference room is a
hell of a lot bigger than theirs what's
your conference room what do you mean
social media
I have people today Ireland Australia
New Zealand BBC every everywhere
everywhere everywhere from around the
world we're all talking about this
report and what we collectively are
going to force the Roman Catholic Church
to do Mitchel you've been talking about
how widespread this is and how long
standing it is the state attorney
general Josh Shapiro in Pennsylvania
said he doesn't think his office got
everyone how widespread do you believe
this is in other words is that the same
proportions across America oh yes this
is the what we saw in Pennsylvania and I
agree with the Attorney General this is
the tip of the iceberg just in
Pennsylvania alone
and I admire Sean for coming forward and
I thank him for coming forward but
victims of clergy sexual abuse always
know other victims of sexual abuse they
always can tell you the names of five or
ten other victims of sexual abuse
because all these children hung around
together with the priest and he would
sexually abuse them all and so you know
this is today alone I've received three
calls from Pennsylvania from victims who
said I I was abused by a priest who is
not on that list I want his name on that
list this is just the beginning in
Boston when it exploded we had a torrent
of victims come forward and naming a
huge number of free
but today in Boston 20 years later I'm
still representing new victims coming
forward who were abused by new unnamed
priests priests weren't named before and
it's very very difficult situations for
victims to come forward but because of
heroes like Sean he's not only
empowering himself he's empowering other
victims and he's making the world a
safer place for children the change is
going to come from outside of the
Catholic Church the public is now being
aware you can't let your children near
these criminals because neither the
supervisors now the criminal or the
pedophiles care about the health safety
and welfare of children just think about
that when he says these criminals we're
not talking about thugs on the street
who could pull your kid into a van these
are faith leaders you go to a church for
guidance solace and leadership Sean for
Catholics today you were very candid in
your video saying you had no desire to
have children because of this so today
how to Catholics after a report like
this walk into church on Sunday two of
my kids go to Catholic school how do
people find their way after something
like this being raised Catholic although
I'm not practicing I'd say now's the
time you have to dig deep into your
faith into your faith not your church's
faith into your faith into your heart
think about your Judgment Day don't
think about you know the church is made
up of the people the people pay all the
bills will this finally Rock the
Catholic Church because it hasn't been
if it doesn't I'm giving up I mean what
else do you have to do do you have to
walk in kick the door in
bring the cameras and catch them in a
hotel in Times Square because we're in
Times Square these guys are just like
single guys trying to score on the
weekend I think this was New York City
with children they visit Niagara Falls
they take them on camping trips they
take them to the beach they bring them
here to st. Patrick's Cathedral take
them to abroad
show your abuser was teaching you how to
drive teaching me how to drive we played
golf we played racquetball we bicycle it
everywhere I mean you name it I was one
block away from the school
I grew up one block away from the school
Sean thank you you are hero for sharing
your story and for those of the other
survivors thank you to all of you for
doing this and for Mitchell Mitchell
Garabedian is an attorney for six
victims in the report he has been
fighting sex abuse in the church since
the 1990s thank you to both of you and
to everyone else who has helped us in
this effort there was a time in this
country when we looked to the government
and we looked to the church for cues on
how to act how to build communities and
how to work together right now those
days seem so far away this morning the
headlines across the board are full of
examples of how institutions that helped
build this country are now letting us
down so if the institutions aren't doing
it the individuals must as Sean says
look to yourself look to your heart look
to your faith hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
