thanks to at home for joining us this
hour all right well the federal criminal
trial of the president's campaign chair
is going to go to the jury tomorrow the
defense and the prosecution have both
rested their respective sides of the
case closing arguments will be tomorrow
the judge in this case likes to keep the
closing arguments from both sides - one
single day in the courtroom and so
because of that we have every reason to
believe that the prosecution will start
their closing arguments on time it'll go
an hour and a half to two hours
depending on how long the prosecutor is
able to convince the judge that he
should be allowed to go on and then
after the prosecution there will be the
closing argument from the defense and
then the jury will get it and of course
there's absolutely no way to tell how
long the jury will deliberate on Paul
Manafort fate if the president's
campaign chairman Paul Manafort is
convicted we should keep in mind that
that would probably mean that this
particular criminal case against Manta
fort would keep going because Paul
Manafort of course would have the right
to appeal if he is convicted also and I
think it's now increasingly important to
start keeping this in mind just as a
national political matter as a national
matter of the rule of law because of the
nature of this case because of who Paul
Manafort is because of who he was on the
Trump campaign it is also possible that
at any point in the process from here on
out the president himself could decide
to intervene in this case could decide
that he's going to issue Paul Manafort a
pardon if that happens that's actually
the only eventualities it might happen
next in this case that could affect the
next federal criminal trial against
Trump campaign Chairman Paul Manafort
I mean if he's pardoned by the president
which of course could happen at any
moment all bets are off
in terms of what happens but provided
he's not pardoned whether Paul Manafort
is acquitted or convicted by the jury
that will start deliberating his fate
tomorrow he's due to start a second
federal criminal felony trial in federal
court in Washington DC in just a few
weeks that's that's next month that next
trial of Paul Manafort will be before a
different judge
in a different courthouse in a different
place with a different jury it may even
have some different lawyers are giving
it on one or both sides but now we are
coming to the end of the first trial
we're starting to look ahead toward that
second trial and it is striking that
prosecutors from Robert Moeller's office
the special counsels office they have
steered this first mana Ford case to be
much more about the Trump campaign than
we thought it was going to be at the
outset that may affect the president's
thinking about whether or not he wants
to try to intervene in these cases to
spring Paul Manafort by pardoning him
this first federal criminal trial of
Paul Manafort in the Eastern District of
Virginia had its its last Witnesses on
the stands related to something having
to do with the Trump campaign they had
their last motions argued in court today
related to something having to do with
the Trump campaign and the last batch of
physical evidence the prosecution
introduced in court was again about this
one part of the mana Ford case in
Virginia that is related to the Trump
for president campaign and we knew at
the outset of Manta Forte's trial that
there might be some mention of this
stuff during the Manhart trial we
definitely didn't know that this was
where the whole Manta fort trial was
going to end up at the end remember the
first little piece of it we got to see
was when Trump deputy campaign chair
Rick Gates was on the stand as a witness
for the prosecution against Paul
Manafort prosecutors introduced this
email from Paul Manafort to rick gates
it's from november 24th 2016 right after
the election in that email mana fort
says to rick gates quote Rick we need to
discuss Steve caulk for Secretary of the
army
I hear the list is being considered this
weekend Paul Steve caulk of course was
the bank CEO whose little Bank in
Chicago gave inexplicably giant loans to
Paul Manafort between election day and
inauguration day we learned during the
course of Manta fort's trial that those
loans were actually the biggest loans
ever made by this little bank and the
bank has apparently lost nearly 12
million dollars on those loans thus far
Steve caulk reportedly overruled overt
objections from
people who worked at the bank who were
opposed to giving Paul Manafort these
loans but caulk was the bank CEO and the
major shareholder and he intervened
personally to make sure that mana fort
would get this money so that came up a
little bit while Gates was on the stand
Paul Manafort
writing to Rick gate saying hey we got
to consider this guy for secretary of
the army but now we've got this this is
also from the trial more evidence
introduced by the prosecution this is
another email exchange involving Paul
Manafort it's also right after the
election a few days after that email to
rick gates this is November 30th 2016
and this piece of evidence shows that
mana 4 sent on to Jared Kushner during
the presidential transition his
recommendation that Steve caulk this
little bank CEO from Chicago should be
considered for Secretary of the army or
for any one of several other
high-profile or cabinet level jobs in
the new administration so manna fort
sends over to Jared Kushner that
recommendation about this Bank CEO at
3:00 in the afternoon on Wednesday
November 30th that night by dinnertime
Jared Kushner sends back his response
and Jared Kushner's response to Paul
Manafort is two words on it exclamation
point so it's not every day you get you
know concrete black-and-white evidence
that a successful presidential campaign
was doling out senior job prospects for
the new administration to people who
literally gave millions of dollars in
cash to the campaign chairman this is
kind of a historic moment for us as
Americans right it's nice to be here
with you for this moment remember where
you were when you learned but there's
there's a few consequences from this
this evidence that prosecutors have
introduced and that we expect they may
walk the jury through in their closing
arguments tomorrow first of all there's
the question of whether there is going
to be any criminal liability
specifically associated with this scheme
there was a bench conference between the
lawyers and the judge on Friday in which
prosecutors describe this bank CEO as a
quote co-conspirator that's the word
they used with the judge prosecutors
also describe the bank CEO as the CEO as
having some other kind of criminal
liability
that they didn't elaborate on but that
bank CEO has been an unusual absence in
the courtroom right there's been a lot
of detail a lot of evidence introduced
in this case now about the Trump
campaign apparently trying to sell off
these high-ranking job offers
but Steve caulk himself has not appeared
as a witness in the courtroom we've got
all these emails and discussions related
to him but he hasn't been there among
other things that might imply that he
hasn't made a deal with prosecutors that
might have resulted in immunity for his
own prosecution in exchange for his
testimony at least in the metaphor case
so that's that's one big question of
market this one thing that remains to be
resolved and explained about this part
of what was exposed in the men for case
secondly there's also the question as to
how this all relates to the overall
criminal charges that Paul Manafort is
facing that the jury's gonna start
deliberating tomorrow today was the day
when Paul manna forts defense team
actually tried to make sort of a virtue
out of this scheme for Paul Manafort
summit has happened in open court today
I will read to you a piece from the
court transcript today where the judge
basically throws a lightning bolt in the
courtroom at that argument but basically
what manna forts lawyers tried to do at
the very end of this case was they tried
to tried to say tried to argue to the
court that this bank CEO Steve caulk
he wanted a Trump administration job so
badly he would have approved any loan
from his bank for Paul Manafort no
matter how big a loan it was and no
matter how ridiculous the paperwork was
that manna fort submitted to supposedly
apply that loan no matter what Manta
Ford had offered no matter what Manta
fort had asked for this guy was going to
give it to him because he wanted that
job that's the argument being made by
manna forts defense basically arguing
that the the bribery scheme selling
high-profile job offers in the federal
government that bribery scheme was so
effective it rendered the bank fraud
moot right so we're good
yeah Paul Manafort sort of broke into
the bank fault but the bank president
would have opened the door for him and
let him take whatever he wanted dude
thought he was gonna be Secretary of the
army do you realize
that is he'd get to run the whole army
that was the defense argument so you'll
see how that worked out in court today
in just a second I've got that bit from
the transcript but there is I think one
one last big consequence of this for us
just as Americans watching this dramatic
trial unfold involving the president's
campaign chair while that president is
still in office right
and it's not necessarily about the exact
charges that Manafort might face it's
not about the exact tactics his defense
team is trying in court it's this bigger
picture question about us as a country
and us as citizens in our government
this weird turn in the Manafort trial
has now shown this interesting light on
what grounds the Trump administration
actually considered people for
high-ranking positions in the federal
government when they were setting up the
new administration and this is a live
issue for us as a country in a lot of
different ways the president literally
today started publicly deriding as a
quote dog and as a crazed lowlife his
former White House senior advisor
Omarosa Manigault Newman and you know
it's this interesting tabloid spectacle
for the president to be calling a former
White House official those kinds of
names for him to be attacking her the
way that he is
but in those attacks the president right
implicitly raises some very serious
concerns about who gets into the White
House right about his own ability his
own administer his administration's own
ability to hire people for senior jobs
in the federal government including the
White House I mean when the when the
president calls his former White House
senior advisor a crazed lowlife today
it's as if he has no idea how that
crazed lowlife got hired into the White
House to be his senior White House
adviser in the first place yeah who
hired her big guy I mean to that same
point how exactly did this bank CEO from
this little Bank in Chicago get to the
point where Jared Kushner was quote on
it to see that he was considered to be
secretary of the US Army we talked a
little bit about the the prosecution's
evidence on on that point last night
prosecutors submitted this
item into evidence document number 452
in which the bank CEO Steve caught gave
Paul Manafort what amounted to his job
application to join the Trump
administration it was his his statement
of qualifications
it was his full list of all the jobs he
wanted to be considered for in the Trump
administration the list of jobs he
wanted to be considered for was titled
by Steve Kok quote perspective roles in
the Trump administration not prospective
but perspective not roles ro le s as in
jobs but roles are olls like dinner
rolls or somersaults perspective roles
but reading through this again today
marveling at the jobs that Steve caulk
really thought he would be up for
Secretary of Commerce and deputy
secretary of defense secretary of the
army if these are the jobs he thought he
would be up for because hey he was a guy
who'd given Paul Manafort a lot of money
I mean what strikes you about the fact
that what strikes you about the fact
that manna for at the former campaign
chair was selling this guy and in fact
had installed this guy on a formal
economic Advisory Commission advising
Trump and he was telling Rick gates who
was working for the Trump transition and
the Trump inauguration that this guy
needed to be considered for running the
army and he was stovepiping this
recommendation right to Jared Kushner
and Jared Kushner said he was on it and
what strikes you when you when you look
at the way this guy represented himself
as being interested in all these jobs
and qualified for all these jobs is that
it's sort of nuts to think that this guy
would have been remotely considered to
be qualified for or considered for any
of these jobs I mean beyond just the
misspellings at the top of the page you
see you just I mean mr. Cox competence
character commitment and loyalty Markham
has someone who will uniquely serve in
the role misspelled again rol the role
the summersault of the secretary of the
army for the trump administration to
great effect what mr. Koch has developed
his expertise in a variety of cutting
edge frameworks associated with
strategic and innovation planning and
implementation excuse me
mr. cock possesses a deep reservoir of
competence
he has verifiable acumen his financial
acumen say somebody looked up a new word
financial acumen academic proficiency
and national reputation is without equal
in the area of financial management
budgeting analysis and planning yeah I'm
sure there's nobody equal in national
reputation when it comes to budgeting
and financial management nobody equal in
terms of their national reputation -
this guy who runs this tiny Bank in
Chicago that gave gigantic cash loans to
Paul Manafort between the election and
the inauguration loans that didn't get
paid back he is without peer in terms of
his national reputation for budgeting
what it's nuts right but something about
his interactions with Paul Manafort and
the Trump team made he actually made him
actually think he had this job in the
bag The Wall Street Journal has
previously reported that after the
inauguration Steve caulk actually called
the Pentagon and asked to speak to
people at the army about what he needed
to know to get up to speed for his new
job well we also now know from this new
evidence introduced by prosecutors that
apparently he was not only prepared to
take up this job himself and looking to
the army to start his briefings cuz he
figured he would be secretary of the
army he was also offering other jobs to
other people who he thought he'd bring
on to work for him quote mr. caulk
himself says talking about himself in
the third person
quote he has already identified highly
experienced candidates for all key
positions reporting to the Secretary of
the army and can have that team
on-boarded within 30 days of
confirmation all on-boarded
clearly this is your guy look at the
title of this thing look at the title
the title is literally qualification
memorandum on behalf of stephen caulk
articulating his qualifications and
their quality qualifications I'm sure so
again there's this list of perspective
roles are olls all the jobs he wants in
the in rank order in the Trump
administration elsewhere in the doc
he misspells the word roll in the same
way again but look at this just a few
lines down in the next paragraph after
he misspells roll again he actually gets
the word correct see the first word in
the paragraph there he misspells the
word roll everywhere else in the
document but in this one paragraph he
gets it correct and really this whole
paragraph in his sort of resume
qualifications pitch thing this whole
paragraph is cogent it's the only
paragraph that is cogent and that sounds
like it wasn't reverse translated by
machine from a couple other languages
because this one paragraph stands out as
being the only normal paragraph in Steve
Cox application to be secretary of the
army or a number of cabinet officials we
actually googled this paragraph and it
turns out this part of Steve Cox
qualification memorandum was just copied
directly word-for-word from Wikipedia
which is why it makes sense as opposed
to everything else he wrote just cut and
pasted from the role and
responsibilities ro le role and
responsibilities of the Secretary of the
army
that's the Wikipedia page from 2016
which we have screenshot on the bottom
there and there's the paragraph from
Steve Kok on top which is exactly the
same if you want you to be posted in the
screen in case you want to like clip and
save that and post it on your
refrigerator as a reminder of how
exactly the Trump administration was on
it considering people for jobs like
running the US Army during the
presidential transition when the only
time they made sense and stopped
misspelling even very basic single
syllable words was when they were
copying and pasting directly from
Wikipedia like freshmen actually
freshmen are nice they don't deserve
that I'm sorry but it's before you get
in trouble and you realize that you
can't do that right you'll get caught so
as the Manafort case goes to the jury
the big question of course is how the
jury is going to decide
manna forts feet right but there are
other mysteries that this case has
opened up along the way there are still
elements of this case for example that
are under seal the judge held a closed
hearing without any spectators allowed
in the courtroom yesterday afternoon and
again for two hours this morning we have
no idea what that was about or why that
portion of the trial has been sealed in
form speculation from people who know
how these trials tend to go suggested
that there might be some issue that the
defense raised about something going
wrong with the jury after manna forts
defense team rested today without
calling any witnesses the defense team
gave a short statement to the press one
of mana forts defense lawyers said quote
mr. manna fort just rested his case he
did so because he and his legal team
believed that the government has not met
its burden of proof it's basically just
a short statement from the lawyer saying
here's what you should read into the
fact that we didn't call any witnesses
up to the stand to stand up for Paul
manna fort but after he made that short
statement reporters kind of chased the
defense lawyer once he walked away from
the microphone to try to ask him
follow-up questions including one from
NBC's Julia Ainsley that pointedly did
not get a response so this is a
reporter's audio recording of that
exchange listen in the survey to those
who say this makes your client look
guilty we live in the United States
it's their problem with the jury in this
case are you confident going into
so three clear questions there he
answers the first one skips the second
one answers the third one the one he
skipped is from Julia Ainsley mr.
downing is there a problem with the jury
in this case
Paul manna forts defense lawyer Kevin
downing paused looked right at Julia
Ainsley when she asked that question
kept looking at her and said nothing in
response so whether there's something
going on with the jury whether that's
the defense's contention that there's
something wrong with the jury whether
that's the cause of all these sealed
motions and sealed hearings we've had at
the very end of Manta Forte's trial we
don't yet know we will apparently find
out sooner rather than later though the
judge said in open court that all of
those motions and all of those
transcripts of these closed hearings
will be unsealed when the trial ends so
we will eventually find out as I
mentioned though mana forts defense
lawyer basically tried to explain to
reporters today why no witnesses were
called to stand up for Paul Manafort on
the defense side of the case in court
today
that included a certain lengthy at least
a fulsome description of why panic Paul
Manafort wasn't standing up on his own
behalf to testify as a witness in his
own defense and here's how that went in
court today the judge now we turn to the
fact that the government has rested and
now it is my obligation to ask the
defendant mr. downing does the defendant
wish to offer any evidence mr. downing
the defense lawyer the defendant rests
your honor the judge all right now the
defendant is not required to present any
evidence all this is being done out of
the hearing of the jury but I do I do
have to question Ward eard the defendant
to ensure that it is his decision that
he does not wish to testify does he wish
to testify mr. downing he does not the
judge mr. mana fort would you come to
the podium please sir I need to confirm
mr. Manafort that you understand that
you have an absolute right to testify
before this jury
you also have an absolute right to
remain silent before this jury if you
remain silent then the court will
instruct the jury that the jury may draw
no inference from your silence indeed if
you elect to remain silent I will
instruct the jury that when the jury
retires to deliberate on its verdict the
jury cannot even discuss the fact that
you have not testified because your
right to remain silent is absolute under
the Constitution and you may not be
penalized for exercising that
now I'll end by saying again you do have
the right to testify have you discussed
this matter with your counsel Paul
Manafort I have your honor
the judge and are you fully satisfied
with the advice and counsel you have
received from your lawyers Paul Manafort
I am your honor the judge and have you
decided whether you wish to testify Paul
Manafort I have decided the judge do you
wish to testify Paul Manafort no sir the
judge you may be seated
Paul Manafort thank you the judge says
all right that brings us to the end of
the evidence in this case that's the end
of the evidence all the evidence is in
it's not going to be any more witnesses
none for the prosecution none for the
defense including the defendant himself
I mention though that the defense made
one last effort today related to the
Trump campaign to this guy who wanted to
be Secretary of the army and apparently
thought he would be and was hiring up
get ready to take the job last night
Paul manna forts defense team filed a
last-minute motion to acquit basically a
last-ditch move to try to get the judge
to throw out the whole case and a quit
Paul manna for it on all charges instead
of letting the jury decide his fate now
in particular in this motion to acquit
they singled out all this stuff with
this bank CEO from that little Bank in
Chicago as part of the strongest part of
their argument that manna fort should be
acquitted and it shouldn't even go to
the jury well here's how that went today
an open court the judge quote alright
I'll hear argument now on the rule 29
motion on which I've received briefs
from both sides
you should have that in mind in your
argument go ahead you may proceed vanna
for its defense lawyer your honor
we obviously have made a motion to
dismiss well rule 29 motion as to all
the counts in the indictment but
specifically have briefed the Co the
counts in the indictment that relate to
the lending arrangements entered into
with the Federal Savings Bank we've
highlighted that your honor because we
think the evidence at this point has not
demonstrated that any statements made to
the bank more material to its decision
to lend and that is an element of the
offense that the government must prove
beyond a reasonable doubt so this is the
defense saying yeah Paul Manafort may
have given fraudulent or fake or bad
information to the bank as part of the
application process to get those loans
but that didn't matter he was
get those loans anyway he was offering
the snood amazing jobs in the Trump
administration in exchange for the money
so it doesn't matter what fraudulent
information he tried to pass off on the
bank so the defense offers that in court
today they they argue it back and forth
for some time both sides and then the
judge says this judge says quote alright
I have reviewed that in the end I think
the defendant makes a significant
argument about materiality but in the
end I think materiality is an issue for
the jury they're going to decide whether
on the evidence they think it was
material that's the way it should be
it's a jury issue and that's true for
all of the other counts not just the
counts we're discussing which is the
federal savings bank but the other
counts beyond the tax counts and
everything else those are all jury
issues they the jury will be instructed
and they will have to make a
determination so the motion for judgment
of acquittal pursuant to rule 29 is
denied now at this point I think
probably what happened is reporters got
up and ran out of the courtroom to go
file their stories he's not going to be
acquitted the judge isn't dropping the
pay it's gonna go to the church because
the next line in the transcript is the
judge saying that we have this video
the judge says next line now let me
confirm that B then there's an M - and
then he says anyone else need to leave
the courtroom and three spots in the
room according to the clerk
transcription is laughter so last ditch
effort to acquit Paul Mann afford and
I'll change charges before the whole
thing went to the jury that failed
rejected in total the effort to make it
a good thing that Paul Manafort was
bribing the bank CEO with Trump
administration job offers that appears
to have not gone over with the judge
either at least he thinks the jury
should hear about that themselves but as
of tomorrow we will have closing
arguments and then we'll be waiting on a
verdict and then alongside that verdict
we'll be looking to you know clean up
all of the other stuff that came up over
the course of this trial what was sealed
that may or may not have had something
to do with the jury what was sealed that
may or may not have had to do with rick
gates and his involvement in other
active ongoing cases being investigated
by robert muller any potential
criminal liability or other
repercussions related to the evidence
that the Trump campaign tried to sell
cabinet seats and Pentagon positions in
the new administration in exchange for
cash I mean Jared Kushner says he was on
it did he know what it really was and
there are more loose ends here in terms
of stuff that was opened up during this
trial including a big one exposed today
by The Associated Press we will have
more on that coming up tonight stay with
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
