what is wrong with Donald Trump what is
wrong with the President of the United
States that is what most of America is
wondering today after the President of
the United States tweeted one of the
ugliest statements he has ever made in a
long lifetime of very ugly statements
the tweet was met with outrage by former
director of the CIA John Brennan who
will join us later in this hour and
countless political commentators on
television and online Democrats across
the country expressed outrage and
Republicans as usual were virtually
silent there was one Republican tweet
out of the United States Senate about
the president's tweet today from
retiring Senator Jeff Flake saying this
kind of language is unbecoming of a
President of the United States there's
no excuse part Republicans should not be
okay with it that's it that's what the
Republicans had to say the president's
language that Jeff Flake is talking
about including included calling a
person a dog the tweet was of course
about Omarosa who as part of a publicity
tour for her book about working in the
Trump campaign on the Trump White House
released an audio recording on
television this morning in which she and
two other women campaign operatives
discussed how to handle the possible
revelation of an audio recording of
Donald Trump using the n-word all of the
women in the discussion especially
Omarosa and Katrina Pierson assumed that
such a recording probably did exist and
they were absolutely certain that he had
used the
he said well why don't you just go ahead
and put it to bed there is nothing more
important to know about a president than
the president's men
Rosa is the one who is giving us the
clearest picture of the president's
current mental state not by anything she
says in her book or in her interviews by
what by by but by what she is provoking
the President himself to say what she is
provoking the president to reveal about
himself Donald Trump is now and always
has been throughout his life the most
damaging witness against Donald Trump
and Donald Trump is doing it again with
AMA roses publicity tour underway in
which she switches sides from Trump
defender to Trump Trump accuser accusing
the president of being a racist the
president did everything he possibly
could today to support the charge that
he is a racist when he tweeted this at
7:31 a.m. right after Omarosa played of
that tape on television of campaign
operatives sharing her belief that
donald trump did indeed use the n-word
now i'm going to leave that tweet on the
screen for you in the television
audience to read but i apologize to our
listeners on sirius XM radio at the
moment because i'm not going to read
this one aloud it is just too disgusting
and saying these words of Donald Trump
would sicken me dawg Trump's personal
attacks on Twitter used to amuse me when
they were aimed at me I was the first
person in television news that Donald
Trump decided to attack on Twitter when
I started saying Donald Trump was not as
rich as he claimed to be he threatened
to sue me on Twitter then I responded
that he would never sue me because he
couldn't afford it because he's not as
rich as he says he is that was in 2011
Donald Trump continued to attack me in
2011 and for years after that because I
was the first and for a very long time
the only person calling Donald Trump a
liar because of his relentless lying
about President Obama's birth
certificate I used Twitter to invite
Donald Trump on to this program knowing
that he would refuse because he would
only do television interviews that he
believed could he could control and so
our exchanges were limited to Twitter in
December of 2011 he said that I was not
long for TV and
he has a face made for radio in 2012 he
called me the dumbest political
commentator on television said I will
soon be thrown off the air he called me
too stupid the dumbest man on TV a very
dumb guy and a fool but he never called
me a dog
why didn't he go all the way with me why
did he stop for far short of calling me
an animal the dog what did I do to
deserve his mercy Oh for one thing I'm
white so were we seeing the outburst of
a lifelong racist today who believes
that substituting the word dog for the N
word is his presidential way of cleaning
up his racism for public consumption is
that what this week's news has provoked
a look into the racist mind of Donald
Trump or is it a look into an
increasingly crazed and dangerous mind
if you worried about the workings of
Donald Trump's mind when you listened to
him pathologically lying about President
Obama's birth certificate he hasn't
gotten any better if you worried about
the workings of Donald Trump's mind
during his speech announcing his
candidacy for the presidency he hasn't
gotten any better if if you worried
about the workings of Donald Trump's
mind in the first year of his presidency
he hasn't gotten any better he's getting
worse there is something seriously wrong
with the President of the United States
and it is getting worse last year saw
the publication of this book the
dangerous case of Donald Trump 27
psychiatrists and mental health experts
assess a president that was a big
bestseller some of the authors of that
book told us on this program last year
that the president was going to get
worse as the pressures around him
increased including the investigative
pressures brought by special prosecutor
Robert Muller they were right Donald
Trump's tweet today was a plea for
sympathy from his voters and supporters
to the people who he promised he would
hire the very best people
and bring them into the White House
today he said that it was his decision
as president to hire a person who he
then says he knew was crazed at the time
that was his word crazed he says he did
it because he wanted to give a crazed
friend of his a break the break he
wanted to give her was a hundred and
eighty thousand dollar a year job in the
White House where she would be paid
exactly the same as the White House
chief of staff the highest pay grade in
the White House Donald Trump told his
followers today that instead of giving
it to one of the best people he gave it
to a crazed person an unqualified person
just to give her a break in other words
he was giving away a hundred and eighty
thousand dollars of their taxpayer money
to someone he knew did not deserve it
and could not earn it that was his story
today and that is one of the very
definitions of the swamp that Donald
Trump promised to drain giving top paid
government jobs to you're unqualified
friends very very swampy thing but
Donald Trump told that to his followers
today because he believes that he has
twisted their minds to the point where
they would read that poisonous tweet and
think what a nice guy he tried to give a
crazed friend a break how deeply crazy
is that how crazed is the thinking how
perverse is the working of the mind that
composed that presidential tweet this
morning and what does it mean for the
country and the world that the most
incompetent most ignorant the most
emotionally unstable president in
history is not getting better
he is getting much much worse
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
