election night in America once again as
primary voters in Wisconsin Minnesota
Connecticut and Vermont where polls have
closed and we can now report that
senator Bernie Sanders has won the
Democratic primary for the state of
Vermont which presumably is not breaking
news for my next guest
the independent senator from Vermont
Bernie Sanders congratulations on your
victory thank you very much it was a it
was a nail-biter I think you've got 94
percent of the vote something like that
so you this is one of those instances
where you won the Democratic primary
what you don't run as a Democrat I have
a long and kind of an unusual
relationship with a peacefull of the
state of Vermont back in 1981 I defeated
a Democrat and a Republican to become
mayor of Burlington defeated Democrats
or bloggers to make a long story short
I've always run as an independent and
that's what I will do and I think people
Vermont understand that to be of a very
good relationship with the Democratic
Party I suspected this coming campaign
will be putting more money our campaign
will be putting more money into the
Vermont Democratic Party than anybody
else was supporting all a lot of good
Democratic candidates ribavirin so you
will you will decline the Democratic
nomination and and I understand that
you've got a good relationship with the
voters of Vermont but now you've got a
profile nationally where a lot of
Democrats are saying hey this is not a
good time for for Bernie Sanders to be
separate apart from the Democratic Party
I'm not separating a part of a part of
the Democratic leadership the truth of
the matter is and I think Democrats and
Republicans have gotta understand this
there are more people now who are
independents the Democrats or
Republicans I don't want to break the
bad news to anybody two-party system is
not held in wide esteem in this country
and I think as an independent what I can
do and AM doing is bringing a whole lot
of working people and young people who
are not crazy about the Democratic Party
into the Democratic Party because
clearly that is the a far better
alternative than the Republican Party
and what we're also trying to do is
reform the Democratic Party make it a
party of working people making a body of
young people are very proud of the
successes that we've had in recent years
in pushing a progressive agenda health
care for all raising the minimum wage to
15 bucks an hour making public colleges
and universities tuition-free demanding
the wealthy
stop paying their fair share of taxes
those ideas early which a few years ago
seem to be radical ideas they're not
kind of mainstream ideas supported by
pretty strong majority of Americans so
take a look at this tweet today from
Nate Silver 538 in races where insurgent
progressive Democrats are running
against party backed nominees and we're
gonna get in trouble for all the we use
words we used here but the establishment
Democrat is winning eighty nine percent
of the time we can get into debates
about what that means but it doesn't
mean anything is what we could talk
about next question is how much money
did the establishment Democrats have
compared to the insurgents look we are
winning I believe the ideological
struggle you agree okay in other words
ideas that would seem radical are now
seeming mainstream are we going to win
every election of course not a lot of
really great candidates who have lost
but the truth of the matter is if you
look at races from the school board
state legislature City Council members
of Congress we are winning the race in
this instance in this time that we're at
now with Donald Trump as president with
remarkable destruction not creative
destruction of this destruction is the
winning of the longer term battle of
mainstreaming some of your ideas in the
Democratic Party better or more
important than the shorter term Donald
Trump has got to be defeated and I
intend to do everything that I can with
every other progressive an American
making sure that that happens you will
recall them that four years ago in the
midterm elections we had the lowest
voter turnout in the modern history of
the United States of America two-thirds
of the American people didn't vote in
the low-30s exactly so our job right now
and I think we are succeeding is getting
people excited about the political
process getting people to run for office
getting people to vote if we can have a
large voter turnout if we have
candidates who stand for working
families I think the Democrats are gonna
do just fine so you you're the
complaints of many working Americans or
formerly working Americans who supported
you was not dissimilar to a lot of those
who support Donald Trump the the
distrust of the political system of Wall
Street of the banks of trade agreements
that have left them out while
corporations made record products of
profits and and countries had record GDP
growth there's many of the same people
how do Democrats get those voters back
you talk to the issues that impact
ordinary Americans that we demand that
the media by the way talks to those
issues as well I know you're familiar
with this issue you're Canadian yeah why
is it that the United States of America
is the only major country on Earth not
to guarantee health care to all people
right yet we're spending twice as much
per capita and our health care outcomes
are worse let's talk about you push the
idea of Medicare for all which is a
similar system to what I grew up under
is that the winning strategy for
Democrats a part of it so it's not just
one thing raising the minimum wage to a
living wage dealing with income and
wealth inequality how do you think the
American people feel whether they're
working people middle class upper middle
class you got three people in this
country only more wealth than the bottom
50% you got one guy Jeff Bezos whose
wealth increases every single day by two
hundred and fifty million dollars but he
doesn't pay his work as many of his
workers enough money to keep more food
stamps of Medicaid do you think that's
rather than a speaking why does Donald
Trump still have that base of support in
many cases of people who do not benefit
from his policies well I think we have
got to do a heck of a lot of better and
getting through to some of those to me
look I'm not gonna deny for a second
that some of those supporters are racist
sexist homophobic
sena phobes that's true I don't believe
that is the majority I've been all over
Trump country and I think what Trump was
able to do is pick up on the failures of
the Democratic Party that did not talk
about the fact that hard-working decent
people saw their jobs going to Mexico or
China or people cannot afford to send
their kids to college or afford child
care afford housing that they
desperately need so I think the future
of the Democratic Party has got to be to
focus on the needs of working families
to demand that we have a government that
represents all of us you talk to
Republicans and ask them how they feel
about Citizens United
do they think it's a good idea that
billionaires like the Koch brothers can
literally buy elections spending
hundreds of millions of dollars they
don't so at this point the the Democrats
have got to get out there with a message
and we're 84 days from the midterms
you've been crossing the country
campaigning for people at some point
it'll start to emerge as to what should
the party represent in the next election
who will the leaders be
there are a number of Democratic
Socialist candidates who have run there
a lot of progressive Democrats who are
running and there are again back to this
Nate Silver tweet whether it is such a
that is a troublesome tweet because I
can't predict I could back a hundred
percent of the village just put that up
for a second I just want to see it the
fact is is the number troublesome to you
because 89% of what He is calling
establishment Democrats are winning
these projects and probably half of them
ran without any opposition I mean it
doesn't mean anything unto itself
because the truth is that all over this
country we are seeing working people in
young people often for the very first
time getting involved in politics so in
some of these rural more conservative
constituencies you think it's good to
get in there with a consistent message
of a progressive message not to out
flank a conservative candidate because
the ones who've been winning in some of
these special elections are people who
really don't like that was alexandria's
situation are here in New York I don't
know that well a and you've drawn the
clearest example of the exception to
that well the sheet is victory or John
Fetterman victory in Pennsylvania but
you don't you get the point right there
are some look people are gonna run their
own campaigns based on their own
district all that I can say is that I
think it is not only good policy it is
good politics to talk about issues of
relevance to working people and all of
the polling you ask people do they
somewhat medicare-for-all yeah do they
think that the rich and large
corporations is thought paying their
fair share of taxes yeah they do should
we make public colleges and universities
tuition-free hey that's a great idea
should we deal with climate change and
transform our energy system yeah let's
do it because we're seeing what climate
change is doing right now all over the
world and yet we've moved in the
opposite direction on all four of those
you sure have the wrong way
congratulations on your victory I do
look forward to talking to you more okay
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
