I think two words are going to define
the night of the 2018 election in the
next three weeks one is Cavanaugh and
the other is Caravan o caravan Donald
Trump woke up this morning 19 days
before the midterms ready to serve up
some red meat for his Republican base by
beating the drum on immigration prompted
by video of Honduran migrants making
their way north some on their way to the
US trunk today tweeted about the group
quote including many criminals vowing to
cut aid to Honduras if the margaret's
weren't stopped even suggesting the US
military may close the southern border
and according to the Washington Post
quote Trump's comments come as he's been
urging fellow Republicans to make
immigration a central issue in the
closing weeks of their midterm election
campaigns and blaming Democrats for his
inability to pass immigration
legislation in the gop-controlled
Congress
Rosie's TV news unit may control over
there you can blame the Democrats for
some things not passing laws this isn't
one of them Republicans control
everything Republicans control
everything and the Democrats deserve
criticism when they controlled
everything for not solving this problem
in the first years of the Obama
administration but let's understand what
this is this is a deliberate strategy of
incitement in American politics our
leaders used to go out and try to
persuade the American people that their
side was perhaps a little bit more
correct than the other side there's
never been a genteel period of American
politics but what we're seeing here is
something new particularly from a
president he uses lying at mass rallies
to scapegoat minority populations he
alleges conspiracies he creates a sense
of mass victimization and then positions
himself as the Avenger on behalf of the
victims defending them from the invading
horde of migrants coming from the south
approaching the border this is all BS of
the first order when you see Newt
Gingrich up there one of the most
singularly pernicious forces in the
history of American politics a man
more than any other has wrecked the
collegiality the comedy who began and
began this era of partisan warfare when
you see his smug smirk talking about
Caravan and Cavanaugh Caravan and
Cavanaugh of the caravan these are
vulnerable people fleeing some of the
most violence ravaged places on earth
and why do they walk for 2,000 miles
because of the power of an idea that
idea is this place this kind of America
yes a place where people are free and
they are safe and the idea that when a
mother through suffering through abuse
through risk and sometimes death all
around them when they reach the border
and they see a uniform with an American
flag and they are no longer safe but
that baby is ripped away and put into an
internment camp
this is a moral outrage that harkens to
the worst excesses in the history of the
country to the separation of families at
the slave auction blocks yes to the
separation of Native American families
this is the failure of the Democratic
Party to address this as a small issue
not as a profound stain on our national
water as a profoundly on American policy
and to frame the question for the
country in this vile age of trumpism
what is it that we are who are we as a
people as a country I want to say I love
you every single day because what he
says and who would believe this two
years ago but these former GOP head
honcho people like you two running
campaigns with presidents and that I
would be so comforted by your words so
how does this feel that's what I want to
show on it we both we both pronounced
Coffee the same way yeah but you know it
gives me such comfort and hope to hear
people who I before described as you
know not my people giving me a little
bit of hope to think to myself there are
people who still feel this way and
believe this way we're gonna write this
ship we are gonna write the ship there's
no way that he's gonna prevail because
he's evil
he's dark it's the opposite of what
America stands for one light in the
darkness one candle is all it takes
let me ask you something what was it
like for you cuz we haven't talked about
this ever on TV or off what was it like
for you anyone it was horrible I was
away by myself in Boston about to shoot
a TV show and I said to my therapist do
you think it's wrong for me to go alone
it's election night and what if he wins
and she said you know Rosie you've got
to stop it always the negative tapes in
your head I went there and I started I
actually got this physically sick yeah I
got physically sick that night and I
thought to myself this cannot be
happening because when he got the
nomination I thought well we just gotta
wait till Election Day that's all I have
to do is hold on till then and then that
he won you know it took me a good year
to compose myself to be in public again
I took a year out of the spotlight and
yeah I mean I'm sure you do you would
have wanted to be proven wrong but the
first thing he did was passed the Muslim
ban yeah I mean he came into office and
did all the things that you probably
knew about him right before when he was
elected what I wrote on Twitter was we
should impose martial law till we make
sure that the Russians weren't involved
in the final tallies of the vote Muller
has indicted 13 Russians for election
meddling and people were like martial
law what's wrong with you you're a
lunatic he wants to send the military to
the border so I would have send the
military to the White House to get here
now it's it is it is astonishing that
we're living through this era it really
is and and you have to try I think to be
optimistic that after it ends we can put
the pieces back together so there are
chris hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
