White House senior policy adviser
Stephen Miller a leading proponent a
president Trump's anti-immigration
agenda is facing scathing criticism from
one of his own family members in an
essay for Politico Miller's uncle David
Glosser calls his nephew and immigration
hypocrite arguing that their family of
Jewish immigrants who fled violence from
so-called pogroms in a small Eastern
European village and were welcomed at
Ellis Island in 1903 would have been
turned away if Miller's policy had been
in place at the time Gloucester writes
quote I have watched with dismay and
increasing horror as my nephew who is an
educated man and well aware of his
heritage has become the architect of
immigration policies that repudiate the
very foundation of our families life in
this country
David Gloucester joins me now from New
York City welcome sir thank you very
much for being with us thank you for
having interesting this important topic
I appreciate it well immigration has
been such an important political issue
but as someone whose grandparents came
from that same little village on to poll
that you write about in your essay I
feel this very strongly yes I understand
where lunch money we are LAN Simone
indeed and the story of the arrival of
our grandparents at Ellis Island and the
extended family later on but that period
around 1901 to 1906 1907 there were
horrendous attacks against Jews and the
in that area which isn't really well
understood it's an area that we always
thought of as Russia but I guess it's
really Ukraine or other related
countries as borders changed
yes borders changed in those days it was
part of the Russian Empire and it's
located in an area which is now part of
the nation of Belarus the pole was a
little tiny townlet well I'm wondering
what what motivated you to tell this
story now I've been interested in the
fate of
my ancestors that didn't make it over
for a long time and I've been posting on
Facebook my dissatisfaction with Trump
immigration policy and the treatment of
refugees since my retirement from as a
practicing clinical neuroscientist
engaged in a lot of volunteer work with
various immigrant aid associations
including Hayase physicians for Human
Rights etc and I've met a lot of these
folks who are trying to get into the
country in particular those have been
victims of severe persecution torture
abduction of their children etc what is
what is your nephew not understand about
what happens to children's separated
from parents what happens to the
children and what happens to the parents
I'm unable to speculate about what he
understands what he doesn't understand
people to know about the emotional
physical effects of this policy you know
you really don't have to be a physician
or a scientist or a psychologist to
understand the consequences of
separating children from their parents
everybody knows this and prior to World
War two in the early stages World War
two Britain had to make terrible
decisions with regard to preserving the
safety of the children that they were
expecting to be subject to bombardment
in the Blitz and so they started a
voluntary program of just taking the
children to displace them into the
countryside some thought it was a good
idea some thought it wasn't but they
really were in a terrible bind well
these children were often taken to very
loving and caring environments not
always of course but quite often and
they were followed up after the war for
a great many years and it's been studied
and published the general fate of these
children compared to to others within
the British community has not been good
they suffered they
had consequences as a personal emotional
family and vocational difficulties ever
since not all of them of course but as a
group the Brits had very little choice
in making this decision it was done
under great duress we appear to have
made this decision and it's been done in
our name as a population without our
consent and with without without extreme
duress
it seems that have been done
thoughtlessly what would you like to see
happen now at our southern border
regarding reuniting these children with
their parents and on the narrow level
it's essential that the children be
returned to their parents as quickly as
possible to try to mitigate the harm at
a larger sense American immigration
policy and management of and management
of refugees and asylum seekers has to be
thought of in a compassionate thoughtful
way based on facts based on our nation's
resources and based on the National II
our demonstrated national expertise in
settling refugees if you take a look
it's not just you and me
that are the children of the
grandchildren of refugees a desperately
seeking escape from danger almost all of
my friends all the people I talked to
pretty much anybody who can speak up in
the United States they ended up here for
that reason - the only people that don't
have a story like that are Native
Americans and black Americans all of
them have their own tragic stories about
immigration be it forced or forced upon
them what David Gloucester thank you so
much for your insights is it's very good
of you to speak out and thanks for
joining us today thank you I appreciate
it it's important that we discuss these
subjects soberly and thoughtfully
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
