Joe I know you've been looking at some
new poll numbers for the president
coming out of Gallup yeah no doubt about
Gallup poll has actually it's been a
tough poll for Donald Trump but he
actually over the past month or so we
started moving into the low 40s got up
to 41 42 43 % in fact he started doing
better in a lot of polls that had had
him in the 30s in the past but Walter we
saw Quinnipiac a few weeks ago getting
back down into the 30s and now Gallup
which has been with us for a very long
time now Gallup has him back down in the
30s after the disastrous child
separation policy the the fact that they
watched that they they've actually
turned it over to the ACLU because
they're so incompetent they can't find
find the parents four of these children
that they intentionally ripped from
their arms and separated and then of
course I still I think that Helsinki
summit where Donald Trump looks so weak
and as the European said he looked like
Putin's poodle I think that lasting
image is just sticking even in the minds
of some loyal Republicans and
independents that say God we just even
if we voted for the guy we hate seeing
our president look so weak and feckless
and like a lap dog for a ruthless ex-kgb
agent who's now running Russia you know
it's pretty hard to get down in the 30s
when the economy is doing so well and I
think what's really going to change
things is if there's any change in the
economy that's a great correlation gas
prices have gone up a little bit usually
that's a great correlation for
presidential popularity when they go up
the president's popularity goes down and
at the moment you're starting to see
breaks not in the economy which overall
is pretty good but the tariffs are
starting to cream small business owners
medium-sized farmers shippers everything
else the uncertainty
that he does by all the tariffs and
trade agreements so I think we got to
look at the economy and if the economy
starts to falter at all if we start
seeing inflation because of the surge of
stimulus spending that happened we start
to see interest rates go up even higher
when you're at 39% and you start
dropping that's really bad yeah Willie
what do you think about that I Walter
brings up a great point we have
unemployment under 4 percent the
economy's doing pretty darn well in a
lot of ways wages aren't exploding but
they're not going down all in all really
good economic days Walters right it's
hard to be in the 30s in any poll when
the economy's doing this well what do
you think's dragged Trump down well I
think you know if you look at that Ohio
12 district that he won by 11 points and
it looks like we'll get the final
provisional ballots and mail ends in but
the Republican may hang on for a
one-point win there it's those suburban
women we talked about you know they kept
Roy Moore out of office in Alabama for
example around Birmingham suburban women
around Columbus who took a flyer perhaps
on Donald Trump the first time around
and weren't ready to go along with them
this time
that's one snapshot I think it's part of
what's going on and I do think your
point about Helsinki is a good one
talking to Republicans who say that was
a basic moment of sticking up for your
country you stood on the stage next to
the bad guy and you were asked to stick
up for your country and you failed at
that and I think that moment has stayed
with a lot of people in this country I
think so and Michael Steele you know for
some reason I keep going back when
people talk about Donald Trump's
strengths in the party and his
weaknesses in the party I keep going
back to the Iowa caucuses and and the
Des Moines suburbs and how well Marco
Rubio did in the Des Moines suburbs and
then Marco won I believe in Minnesota as
well
which had the same type of suburban
educated voter Donald Trump really does
have blind spots in those suburbs unless
he's running against Hillary Clinton but
here's a problem for Donald Trump in the
Republican Party he will never
against Hillary Clinton again so you can
see very early on in Marcos results in
the suburbs that that was going to be a
blind spot for Donald Trump they're just
right now there aren't enough suburban
voters in the Republican primary to make
the difference for candidates like Marco
Rubio I think that's exactly right Joe
that's where the hemorrhaging has began
has begun for quite some time now as a
matter of fact you've seen this slow ebb
away from the Republican Party in those
suburban areas the the concentration of
voters now in us the the cities that
were once considered small cities are
now growing into medium sized cities is
another problem and then when you
project this forward given everything
else that we know the still I think the
cornerstone of the vote going into any
election site cycle will be the white
female vote and and so without a Hillary
Clinton to beat up and to push around
and to remind voters you don't like her
it now becomes more about the president
the guy who wants everything to be about
him well guess what yeah this is now all
about you and the response that the
voters are beginning to show is we're
not as interested as we once were and
that's a problem for the Republicans in
November and it'll be a problem going
into 2020 now the saving grace Joe as
you've talked about on this program for
quite some weeks now
Democrats have come to the table with
what what's the key message here to give
those suburban voters something to latch
on to as they move away from Republicans
so Walter you got to take Michaels point
that look the will be about Trump
Trump is all-consuming he's taken over
every news cycle forever backwards and
forwards in time but if you would talk
to some political scientists what they
might tell you is if you take an
incumbent president in a good economy
that person is an odds-on favorite to
win re-election I'm skeptical the
skepticism I think if I had to place
some bets I'd give him odds what's your
opinion on on the next four years of
Trump
well I do think that of the economy
keeps roaring ahead any presidents
difficult to beat
but the message you would give is that
this is a an administration of pure
corruption they said they were gonna go
there and fight for you and fight make
sure you got your due and instead they
were like pigs at the trough that gave
themselves big tax breaks and they were
corrupt secondly it's an administration
of Cruelty we're not in America that
does things like rip families apart and
third it's an administration that lacks
character whether it's Amoroso or Donald
Trump it's it's like a reality TV show
if people don't tell the truth so I
think that's a type of message that
could work if it was a Democrat who
connected with the economic concerns of
ordinary Americans how deep is Bella
jump in here I just don't know Walter if
we can actually look at the age-old
economic indicators and make the same
assumptions that we've made in past
elections Reagan famously asked are you
better off now than you were four years
ago when you well you look at post tax
cuts we already see in the economic data
that inflation is eating out the wage
increases however minimal they are
they're being actually subtracted from
you've got the farmers who have a lot of
angst about these tariffs health care
prices are set to go through the roof
this summer and into 2019 and I just
don't see that in the data many average
Americans are feeling a huge boom from
these tax cuts when we see that the
majority went to stock buybacks by big
corporations and I will tell you that
later this week there's a survey coming
out showing that CEO pay exploded in
Trump's first year in office well you
make a very good point on health care
too I think that the above that the
Trump administration now owns health
care is going to be falling apart and
when people can't get health care
coverage they're gonna blame the Trump
administration well and I think to your
point about the economy it's interesting
to watch Wisconsin today just because
you look at how in the primaries it's
been contentious over where these
Republican Senate candidates who are
vine
for the nomination where they stand Pro
tariffs anti tariffs are they supporting
Donald Trump and then Democrats are
forced to flip the script a little bit
and be a little bit more pro trader
otherwise normally would have been and
you look at you have Donald Trump
attacking Harley Davidson and on the eve
of a primary and I certainly think that
the trickle effect from people being
impacted be it a farmer a manufacturer
manufacturer by November at least that's
gonna be baked in a little bit so
Michael still if you're running the DNC
right now and you're trying to come up
with an attack against the Republican
Party or a campaign against Republican
candidates in 2018 Walter talked about
corruption cruelty a lack of character
Heidi talked about those tax cuts for
the rich also health care boy there
actually there is a lot for Democratic
candidates to choose from what do you
think is the single one or two most
potent issues against Trump Republicans
I think right now you know will you stop
and think about it it's probably going
to be the combination of the tariffs and
the impact on the middle of the country
which is really Donald Trump's kind of
core base of support and the irony of
health care because what's going to
happen at the end of September beginning
of October talking about eating
inflation eating away at that tax cut
that you got or or eating at a way at
the pay raise you got will be the health
care premiums you'll start to pay when
the announcement comes out the 30 40 50
% increase in health care premiums
because of the rollback on the mandates
which the president is applauding and
those hard core Trump reserves saluting
but the fact of the matter is their
their insurance provider is going to say
in here's the bill and that is going to
be the ultimate checking of the ripa the
Democrats can make that narrative stick
at the same time people are getting
those notices that is going to drive a
lot of folks to the polls to express
their just by
because their paychecks will get a lot
smaller when they have to give 30% more
to the health insurance companies so at
least where did where to the small
government conservatives like you and me
go and November think about it think
about it the largest spending bill in
the history of the government by Trump
Republicans the highest national debt in
the history of this country by Trump
Republicans massive deficits high
tariffs high share of taxes absolutely
the worst fiscal responsibility we've
ever seen we're too small government
conservatives go this fall well you stay
at home or you decide to vote for a
Democrat I think that that is what it
comes down to and you look at small
government conservatives who held their
noses and voted for Donald Trump despite
what they knew about his penchant for
spending and for debt and are they just
going you know they might have voted in
protest to Hillary Clinton and voting
against Hillary Clinton and she's not
going to be on the ballot in 2018 it's
up to Donald Trump at this point and I
look at women and the Republican Party
and you know Steve Bannon was quoted a
couple of days ago saying that
Republicans just shouldn't even bother
with women anymore well that's a great
electoral strategy discount by
population so that's the attitude of the
Republican Party you know maybe they can
cling to a few wins here and there but
in the long term it's just not viable
says someone from that segment of the
population Michael Steele RNC director
can do is chuckle yeah let's just ignore
50-plus percent of the population yeah
I'm Signori you know Heidi at least
mentioned the tweet from the president
about Harley Davidson there's a primary
today the president tweeted basically
encouraging the boycott of
harley-davidson in Wisconsin might've
encouraged a boycott of cheddar cheese
in that state they
jean skirts yeah but you know Harley
says these tariffs are gonna cost some
100 million dollars a year and they may
just have to move productions overseas
because of the president's tariffs then
Donald Trump attacks that institution
inside the state putting Scott Walker in
kind of a bind of not criticizing Trump
but obviously won and Harley to stay put
in his state so he may be able to bring
some bikers to Bedminster to pose for
the photo shots but that explains why in
part we are seeing what we're seeing in
this competitive map in 2018 which is
that it is not just these suburban swing
districts that everybody expected to be
the competitive battlegrounds it's
actually some of the districts where
Trump swept these working class
districts or at least districts that
have a large working-class contingent
like Ohio's twelfth where Trump led by
or won by 11 points and now it's still
too close to call and that is because
people are seeing the farmers are seeing
it the the Harley Davidson employees are
seeing it and at the end of the day if
the president is not producing those
jobs that's going to come back to hurt
him because that was his number one
promise to these people was that he was
gonna bring jobs back to the Forgotten
man you know you made a really good
point about the Harley Davidson and
every Wisconsin politician having to
them into it these are all local and
local races that are happening now in
the midterms and every Republican on the
ballot every week or so has to say do
you agree with Donald Trump attacking
Harley Davidson all these Wisconsin
politicians you watch pirouettes and
dances that would have dazzled Diaghilev
as they twisted themselves into finally
saying no I don't agree with the
president yet governor and and Scott
Walker I've got to figure out is he's
spending all this money to bring a
shiniest company to Wisconsin you have
to explain why the president is driving
Harley Davidson out of Wisconsin well
and his explanation on the trail has
been of course I want Harley to Scott
Walker of course I want Harley Davidson
to stay put and I believe we'll get
there because the president says he
wants to get to a place of notaire
serve twisting himself and not only and
you've also seen Scott Walker having to
defend Foxconn and the huge incentives
that Wisconsin is throwing at Foxconn
and Donald Trump has been hugely
supportive of that at the same time that
harley-davidson just an iconic American
company that he's you know berating them
over Twitter constantly and the timing I
mean just really why why me wasn't it
Sunday I think really you have to do
that before the Tuesday primaries and
force all the Republicans to take a
stand and divide the electorate and the
same weekend yet bikers for Trump on
their Harley's yeah that Bedminster
still ahead this morning we are
following the latest on those secret
recordings from inside the White House
politico's Jake Sherman joins us for
that discussion morning Joe is coming
right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
