well today one of the people who follows
me on Twitter
Patricia McCleary tweeted if you talk
about Omarosa tonight when there are 700
children still separated from their
parents then I will turn you off but
Omarosa is one of the reasons that those
children were separated from their
parents and are still separated from
their parents tonight those children
were separated because of the cruelty of
the people working in the Trump White
House especially the presidents who
thought it was a good idea to separate
them Omarosa and everyone else working
for the Trump presidential campaign knew
they were supporting a candidate who
believed that the one thing that we
didn't have enough of on the southern
border was cruelty that cruelty was
going to be one of the methods that
Donald Trump would use at the southern
border to discourage immigration Omarosa
knew that all of the Trump campaign
workers knew that and now Omarosa
proceeds with her TV interview version
of her Nuremberg trial as she does that
she wants to use the defense the world
heard frequently during the Nuremberg
trials of Nazis after World War two I
didn't know I didn't know Donald Trump
was a racist she says and now I do seven
years ago when Donald Trump started
talking about Barack Obama's birth
certificate I said right here on this
program at this hour that he is a racist
I did not know Donald Trump I had never
met Donald Trump and I knew he was a
racist because I listened to the racist
things he very happily said in public
men now Omarosa tells us that Donald
Trump told her then that he wasn't being
racist when he was lying about President
Obama's birth he was just using it as a
political device Omarosa wasn't the only
one who refused to call Donald Trump a
racist seven years ago virtually the
entire political news media held their
fire back then and begged Donald Trump
to do another TV interview talking about
the Obama birth certificate because
those interviews were good for ratings
and so the Omarosa story is about what
it means to be complicit and how many
people in how many places are complicit
in the cruelty and incompetence of the
Trump White House in the Trump
administration and how they all must at
some level know that they are complicit
no matter what they're willing to say
now yes it is hindsight but I will say
this to you I was complicit with this
White House deceiving this nation they
continue to deceive this nation by how
mentally declined he is how difficult it
is it is for him to process complex
information how he is not engaged in
some of the most important decisions
that impacts our country I was complicit
for that I regret they are all going to
have their own morosa moment at some
point they will all eventually disown
Trump just as all the Republicans
working for Richard Nixon eventually
disowned Nixon in some way there Omarosa
moment might not be as melodramatic but
it will come even Sean Spicer who has
chosen the opposite course and written
an utterly ridiculous memoir of his time
and Trump world working for the most
incompetent and ignorant president in
history Sean Spicer couldn't find a
negative word to say about the president
because he still works for the President
on a trump controlled Republican
political payroll but Sean Spicer's day
will come when he too will seek the
comfort of acceptance by the majority of
Americans instead of their scorn and he
will do that by turning against Donald
Trump in some way just like they all
turned against Richard Nixon the one
unifying characteristic that everyone
working in the Trump White House shares
is that not one of them would be
employed by any other White House any
other president in the jobs they have
now and that is because every one of
them is the most incompetent person who
has ever held the job they are currently
holding from White House chief of staff
Kelli on down
so the staff and everyone on the staff
works for me not the president that is
from AMA roses secret audio recording of
her session with John Kelly when he
fired her so the delusionally
incompetent john kelly believes that
Ivanka Trump works for him the Jared
Kushner works for him that the White
House press secretary works for John
Kelly of course no one in the Trump
White House works for John Kelly no one
John Kelly is not allowed to hire or
fire anyone without Donald Trump's
approval and because John Kelly is an
even more incompetent chief of staff
than his predecessor Reince Priebus the
Trump White House has become even more
out of control in the time that John
Kelly has been pretending that the White
House staff works for him the president
who has never found the time to explain
how he will mastermind the reuniting of
the children who he separated from their
parents at the southern border has found
plenty of time to attack Omarosa on
twitter and one of his tweets he said he
knows it's not presidential to be
attacking Omarosa but he doesn't seem to
realize that it was not presidential to
hire her no other White House staffer in
history has ever written a memoir using
secret recordings that she made of the
president and others because people like
Omarosa could never get in the door of
any other White House while other
presidential transition teams searched
for excellence to staff the White House
it seems the Trump transition team was
searching for nothing but incompetence
and so Omarosa went to work in the White
House along with people like Stephen
Miller Stephen Miller is one of the
biggest cheerleaders of ripping babies
out of their mother's arms in the Trump
White House it might be a tie between
Stephen Miller and John Kelly as to who
is more enthusiastic about separating
families at the southern border in the
Trump White House and today in Politico
Stephen Miller's uncle David Glosser
published an eloquent essay in which he
said I have watched with dismay and
increasing horror as my nephew an
educated man who is well aware of his
heritage has become the architect of
immigration policies that Ari
qd8 the very foundation of our families
life in this country
stephen miller's uncle pointed out that
Stephen Miller might not exist today and
certainly would not be living in the
United States if his family was not
allowed to enter the United States in
the early 20th century as Jewish
refugees from life-threatening
persecution in Eastern Europe Stephen
Miller is the product of what Stephen
Miller condemns as chain migration
Donald Trump is also the product of what
he condemns as chain migration Stephen
Miller's uncle wrote that Stephen Miller
and Donald Trump have become quote blind
to the hypocrisy of their policy
decisions but in government where policy
decisions affect the real lives of
millions of real people and can create
extreme suffering in those people's
lives
hypocrisy can be a lesser sin than
incompetence
consider your airline pilot the next
time you're on a plane would you be more
bothered by her hypocrisy or her
incompetence only one of those things
can actually kill you and so yes the
policy of separating parents and
children of the southern border was
hypocritical for Donald Trump and
Stephen Miller and for John Kelly who
was also the product of what he condemns
as chain migration but there greater sin
is incompetence and it is what will
always unite them with Omarosa who will
be at best a footnote in historians
account of the Trump administration
because she never actually made anything
happen in the Trump administration she
was by her own account now essentially
just pure tokenism the black person the
racist had to have on the payroll and in
the room to try to prove that he is not
a racist she was in the neighbor and a
defender of the president she now calls
racist but no one cared what she thought
about the policies no one inside the
White House did if she thought anything
at all about the policies thinking up
the Trump policies and then executing
the Trump policies
to other incompetence in the Trump
Whitehouse Steve Bannon John Kelly
Stephen Miller on immigration and the
incompetent Trump cabinet on that and
other policies who can forget Donald
Trump's homeland security secretary in
her confirmation hearing lying under
oath about Norway Norway is a
predominantly white country isn't it I'm
I I actually do not know that sir but I
imagine that is the case
her white immigrant ancestors are from
Scandinavia and she actually pretended
to know nothing about Scandinavia under
oath which is a level of incompetence
that is hard to believe even from a
trump Secretary of Homeland Security and
so tonight Omarosa stands accused of
incompetence not just by those of us who
always knew she did not have the
competence to work in the White House
but by the president who hired her to
work in the White House the president
who promised his supporters that he
would not hire people like the person he
has spent all day attacking we've got
the best paper I know the best people
we're gonna use our best people the best
people the best people I know guys that
is so good it's hard to rank the
importance of the lies candidate Trump
told but the lie about the best people
is actually one of the most important
lies that Donald Trump told on the
campaign trail because in some jobs
incompetence can kill incompetence can
destroy lives in some government jobs
and so Omarosa is today's window into
the cruelty and incompetence of the
Trump White House in the Trump
administration it was the hypocrisy and
the cruelty and incompetence of Donald
Trump and John Kelly and Steven Miller
that ripped babies out of the arms of
their mothers on the southern border and
it is their rank incompetence that keeps
559 of those children still separated
from their parents tonight the Trump
administration has admitted that they
don't know how to read
unite those families they don't know how
and so tonight in an administration
where the only cabinet members who have
publicly demonstrated any kind of real
competence the Secretary of Defense
Madison director of national security
coats we are living with the cruelty of
malice and incompetence of the Trump
administration they are all Omarosa
Donald Trump is Omarosa and everyone
working for him in that White House is
Omarosa when we come back after this
break we'll be joined by michael steele
you michel cinder and tim o'brien who
will consider what all of this means
not for Omarosa but for all of the other
Omarosa s-- still working in the white
house very much including Donald Trump
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
