president Trump seems to be trying to
fight back against what he seems to
consider
Omarosa most serious accusation against
him that she has heard him using the
n-word on tapes made while they were
making the TV series The Apprentice
tapes that are in the possession of some
people that on ERISA would not name and
so tonight Donald Trump has tweeted that
he got a phone call from the man who
owns those tapes the man who produced
that show the tweet says Mark Burnett
called to say there are no tapes of The
Apprentice where I used such a terrible
and disgusting word and joining our
discussion now michael steele former
chairman of the Republican National
Committee and an MSNBC clerk - tamesha
Alcindor the White House correspondent
for PBS Newshour and an MSNBC
contributor and Tim O'Brien the
executive editor of Bloomberg opinion
author of Trump nation the art of being
the Donald and an MSNBC contributor and
Michael Steele I want to get your
reaction to what the president is
tweeting about tonight he seems to think
or at least what you look what you see
in that is the idea that he seems he
believes that a tape of him being caught
using the n-word could be really
damaging to him what is your reading of
what that would actually do to to
president Trump's standing III think if
that tape existed and just as an
asterisks on that point this is a
narrative as you know Lawrence it has
been around for about four or five years
now and and so it is it's come from
different places and different sources
so there is that and I think for the
president this idea that if this tape
did exist at this did occur it would be
I think beyond devastating to hear the
president's own voice own words using
that word doesn't matter context doesn't
matter situation it's going to be hard
to come back from that I think a lot of
a lot of supporters of his who as we've
seen start to move a little bit and
shift particularly around the issue that
you raised in your opening which was
very powerful by the way this idea of
complicit
and incompetence that whole issue with
these children coupled with this type of
language coming out of the president's
mouth
unlike the Access Hollywood tape this I
think has a much more devastating impact
the mixture do you agree on that point I
mean it strikes me as something that
would be if it existed completely
unsurprising to me based on my
observations of Donald Trump and and we
don't have any good evidence that this
exists I don't think any of us are
sitting here believing on a Rossa on
this point but you mean if it did exist
if it did become public do you agree
with Michael about what the impact would
be if that tape really did exist it
would be a bombshell for the president
unlike some other things that have
happened to the president the n-word is
steeped in history people have swung
from trees people have been enslaved
whole generations of people were denied
the right to vote so so much violence
was was was really perpetrated on
African Americans and using that word
that it's a special place in American
history that I think the president would
have a hard hard hard time coming back
from that said the Access Hollywood tape
when that came out everyone was thinking
okay this is the end of his campaign
everyone's gonna flee from him he's
gonna have a really hard time coming
back from it and guess what he bounced
back and became president so I'm as a
White House correspondent I'm loathe to
say that there's gonna be one thing that
would take this president down that said
Romney roses claims that that chief that
she heard him say this I have obviously
problems because both of them have
credibility issues and what you have in
a reality television president is all
these casts of characters that kind of
have their personalities and have their
own agendas and for President Trump
because he has his own credibility
issues there's not a way to a hundred
percent say well I'm a row so clearly
it's wrong and she'd never heard that
and she's and she's 100% wrong
especially because she says that they're
gonna meet other tapes coming out if she
has that tape and it comes out that
could be devastating Tim O'Brien you are
of I think the only one among us who has
had conversations with Donald Trump
about Omarosa which we'll get to another
the first thing I want to check with you
is something Rachael raised at the
beginning of this hour which is Donald
Trump is known to publicly lie about
having received phone calls from people
that are either praising of him or very
helpful to him in some way and he's done
it we've seen him do it on Twitter lie
on Twitter about having gotten a phone
call from someone a friend of mine yeah
that was in some way a grand icing to
Donald Trump it's the possibility I mean
I guess there is some level of
possibility that Mark Burnett has in
fact not called to say any of this
doctrine that could be the case I've you
know Burnett during the campaign when
there were rumors about compromising
tapes from the set of The Apprentice
floating around then the word was that
Burnett put a gag order on former
apprentice producers and staff not to
leak anything so this is consistent with
that I think the larger you know what's
going on here in part is that you don't
have a credible narrator in Omarosa when
Omarosa was kicked off the apprentice in
the early 2000s she went back and said
that one of the contestants he's the
n-word against her then and that NBC had
edited it out of the show NBC denied
that and then even after all of that she
continued to partner with Trump on
projects all the way up to the White
House but the reason this has traction
is in Donald Trump just tonight right
before we aired he tweeted again about
Omarosa and in the same breath said he
called himself a true champion of civil
rights he is anything but Donald Trump
is a 72 year old man who has spent most
of his life trafficking in racism and
race baiting he has not been a civil
rights champion no and and these issues
have our have our attention through
Omarosa because we could believe it to
be true though we don't think we should
believe her michael steele go ahead no I
think that that last point is absolutely
right that you know this 70 or 72
year-old man suddenly being a champion
of civil rights when you look at his
history it's certainly his recent
history I mean he can't even get out in
front of Charlottesville and and talk to
the nation from that champion you know
ship perspective of civil rights about
what this means to the country and why
in particular African Americans are so
repulsed by his reaction to it so you
know spare me that particular
there's no one crying over that one so
let's move on and and deal with the fact
that right now the president realizes he
has a media narrative problem that he
needs to get in front of in some kind of
way and this is the part that I find the
most ticklish
Lawrence you know Trump is talking about
this lowlife in Omarosa well he created
this lowlife that's like Frankenstein
after creating his monster looking good
well you're a monster
it's like yeah this is this I am your
creation so you know a lot of this right
now is coming up around the president's
heels in a way that I think he's being
bested to some degree by his own
creation and it is a little bit amusing
to watch you make I think one line we're
not gonna hear in a trump reelection
campaign is I get the best people I hire
the best people and this is a crucially
important factor when you're looking at
this administration's response to the
devastation in Puerto Rico to what to
their own inability to repair the damage
that they did themselves on the southern
border over 500 kids tonight separated
from their parents and this
administration has said in court we
don't know how to put those families
back together well I'll say this I've
talked to immigration lawyers who are
very very worried that the parents who
were deported without their kids may
never be able to be reunited with those
kids or that the United States will drag
their feet for years and years and it
might be years of trauma with these
children before they see their children
again where their parents again the
thing I'll say though is that the White
House is still not put out a list of
African American staffers in the White
House so as of right now it seems as
though there's not one black senior
staffer in the White House I've talked
to a lot of black Republicans who say
that they had people that wanted to work
for this White House michael steele has
said that Omarosa blocked some of those
people from going in
we're ben Carson has decided to raise
the rent on a lot of poor people who are
we looking for federal substances on the
DOJ you have Jeff Sessions looking at
ending affirmative action also looking
at possibly extending prison terms so
this is an administration that if you
look at it they would say that there are
champions of civil rights but people
like the n-double-a-cp that have called
the president outright racist say that
that only in the president's rhetoric
but also in his policies and who he's
chosen not to hire he's shown that he
does not and he's not interested in
civil rights Michael Steele Donald Trump
saying triumphantly that Mark Burnett
called to say there are no tapes and
there's something about the claiming
that there are no tapes so excitedly
that gives you the feeling that the
person who's so excited that there are
no tapes may be worried that there was
some possibility there might be a tape
yeah I think that's the case look you
know there's those sets
you know people sitting around talking
and the backstory on these particular
tapes in this situation was you know
they were in between shots and the
president was commenting very openly and
very freely and so and we know the
President does that we've seen him do
that we've heard him do that and he's
gotten in trouble before and doing that
so I think back in the recesses of his
mind he's hoping the camera wasn't
rolling but probably believes in the end
it was and that's why you see the the
kind of concern in the tapes that in the
tweets that he's putting out right now
and Tim it is Donald Trump's of the case
here tonight as of today that Omarosa
was incompetent she was completely in
kind of doing a terrible job doing a
terrible job all the time he is
emphasizing this he is emphasizing the
incompetence within his own
administration and and again shining a
light on a book that he doesn't want
people to read and he doesn't want
people to believe we've seen him do this
with the other critical Michael Wolfe
michael wolfmann right yeah and he's
also surrounded by people who are
duplicitous
he himself is duplicity and when
someone's trying to build a team and
they themselves aren't honorable and
can't really attract confident capable
people you end up with everybody
backbiting and that's what you're seeing
with this group right now I think one of
the reasons the president the United
States rather than paying attention of
the country's business tonight thinking
about the fact that there's a financial
crisis in Turkey
the children being ripped from their
parents of the southern border he's
tweeting about a reality show contestant
obsessively all day long because he
feels betrayed and he doesn't have one
person as far as we know working in that
White House trying to reunite those
families that they separated at the
southern border Tim O'Brien you Michel
senator Michael Steele thank you very
much for starting us off tonight really
appreciate this thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
