as we've mentioned Bob Miller's
prosecutors rested their case against
Trump's former campaign chair Paul man
afford a conviction could put him in
jail potentially for the rest of his
life now the defense is expected to be
brief mana Ford himself expected to opt
out of taking the stand closing
arguments could come as soon as tomorrow
the defendants and their lawyers have
many reasons of course for deciding
whether or not to take the stand we've
seen mana for choked up in the hob seat
in the past testifying before Congress
about a public housing scandal in 1989
and admitting what he did amounted to
influence peddling the technical term
for what we do and what law firms
associations the professional groups do
is lobbying for purposes of today I will
admit that in a narrow sense
some people might term it influence
peddling that didn't seem to go over
well with everyone mana fort then went
on to dodge some of the Chairman's
questions and at times he appeared
rattled we've got a housing office it
had a mayor Minh have a housing
authority though sir so we couldn't go
and sit in we went to the appropriate
housing authority as we understood I am
asking you a different question miss
mana but I'm getting to that though I'm
asking you a very simple question I'm
asking you to address the question I'm
asking you I'm enormously patient and
courteous but I expect the courtesy of a
response to the questions I ask I'm
joined now by Jean Ross or L Rossi a
former prosecutor in the Justice
Department's tax division for two
decades a federal prosecutor in that
same Eastern District of Virginia
arguing before judge Ellis over 500
total times and you were inside the
courtroom last week it is great to have
you at the table thank you very much you
have a lot of experience here yes big
picture yeah what is the severity of the
case that prosecutors have been able to
put forward against mana for now that
they've rested and what impact you think
it's having on this now quite well-known
judge Ellis who you've been before well
let me talk about George Ellis briefly
for 20 years I had seven trials in front
of him and I appeared over 500 times
he's demanding he's diligent he's
brilliant he doesn't use a velvet hammer
or he uses a sledge hammer with nails
and I am covered with scars and wounds
from Jo jealous over those 20 years you
have to roll with it now let's talk
about the amount of evidence that has
been presented in every criminal tax
case you got to look at greed lies and
manipulation and in this case the greed
is enormous 16 million not declared the
number of lives is too many to count the
manipulation of US tax preparers and
Bank officials is also enormous if I had
a bet money and I don't have a lot of
money
Paul mana for it will be found guilty of
five counts of filing a false tax return
he probably will be found guilty of
several counts of bank fraud plus the
foreign bank account requirement do I
think he has a chance of a hung jury
maybe I don't know what they're going to
put on for evidence tomorrow but I do
know this if they put Paul mana Ford on
the stand they are crazy and those
attorneys who are representing Paul
Manafort are some of the best of the
best
they're from the tax division and
Department of Justice I'm familiar with
all three they've been doing a great job
but they don't need to put Paul manna
for it understand as you know from your
extensive trial advocacy the two things
you're saying bump together because it
is only in a situation where a defendant
is very worried about getting convicted
that they might need to hail mary' of
going on the stand because of the burden
of course it's with those prosecutors
the chair used to sit in yes as to
whether Paul Manafort would help himself
or not he does have a law degree he does
see himself as a master strategist but
playing a little more from what we
showed in the intro there are a lot of
reasons to think he doesn't come off
that well on the stand take a look again
in that grilling okay doesn't it seem
you improper
we did not think that that was improper
we under do you now you think that I
mean here sorry see the public I know I
want you to answer the questions that
seems to be improper but but I guess the
point that is getting lost in the
process here is that that there was the
fact that the program had been funded
didn't mean that our project no it did
not getting lost
mr. mana fit but we are very clear about
it no week let me ask you we felt this
grad you great rich can you get away
with those kind of answers in front of
judge Ellis absolutely not and if Paul
man afford acted like that in front of
George Ellis George Ellis is prone to
interrupt a witness prone to end up the
prosecutor and a defense I would
guarantee you that judge Ellis would
interrupt and conduct his own
cross-examination I have seen it in my
seven trials and before we go I want to
ask you is there anything you've seen in
this case that suggests that Muller is
close to being done or far from being
done or looking at other things there
are three what I call red flags and loud
gongs that are coming out in the last
few days the first red flag and loud
gong that points towards this
investigation has not done is that
sidebar that was held involving Ric
Yates they tried to cross-examine they
had a sidebar it was about the Trump
campaign that was a long sidebar that
sidebar was put under seal that's a red
flag because Ric Gates worked for the
convention he worked for the campaign he
worked for the transition committee and
he also worked a little bit for Trump's
organization the other red flag is
something from Friday August 10th page
204 five of the transcript there's a
sidebar about a conspirator statement
from Steven caulk of the Federal Savings
Bank and in that sidebar mr. Andrews
said that mr. caulk is facing other
criminal liability that suggests to me
that Steven Clark who was in a
high-level advisory economic position
and was working with the transition and
the inauguration committee
he may one have been conspiring what man
afford to do bad things public
corruption or without mana for he was
doing something involving public
corruption this is not over
absolutely the third red flag is this
george papadapolis at 10:23 this morning
a protective order was filed for his
sentencing in September that says to me
there's a possibility that the
information at that sentencing may
involve a lot of cooperation involving
Russia possibly that's not over you're
talking about whether Gates is
testifying anywhere else regarding the
Trump organization whether there's other
criminal liability and what exactly
Papadopoulos has put up why it needs to
be under seal which is interesting to
say the least generosity thanks for
coming by sir hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
