ken what's the latest Katy the
government has rested its case a little
bit with a whimper instead of a bang the
last witness was a Treasury agent who
had previously testified and was
testifying kind of an obscure issue
about whether Paul manna for its
companies Davis manna fort had actually
filed a report saying that they had
foreign bank accounts they in fact did
not file that report and now the
prosecution and defense are gonna argue
about a motion whether the judge should
dismiss any of these counts essentially
saying that shouldn't even go to a jury
because you haven't proved your case
those those motions rarely succeed and
no one expects that to happen in this
case tomorrow morning we're gonna find
out whether the defense has any
witnesses at all and if so how many
and whether Paul Manafort will testify
Katie and we heard from a banker today
who made a loan to mana Ford we talked
about this a little bit earlier fill us
in on that and how it ties into the
Trump transition potentially yeah this
is really interesting testimony for the
implications beyond the scope of this
trial because what it shows what it
alleges was that Paul Manafort was
committing bank fraud even as he was
chairman of the Trump campaign he was
according to this testimony today from a
man named James Brennan who was a vice
president at Federal Savings Bank of
Chicago Paul Manafort lied on his loan
application said there were no loans
against property that he was listing as
collateral when in fact there were loans
misstated his income now the defense
essentially argued that none of that
mattered because the person who made the
decision was the chairman of the bank a
man named Steven caulk and he overruled
the underwriters essentially all his
employees told him not to make the loan
that man affort was not a good credit
risk but caulk said no we're gonna go
forward with the loan anyway this is a
16 million dollar loan well what's
interesting about that Katie is that we
know from other testimony and evidence
that manna fort tried to recommend caulk
for a position as Secretary of the Army
in the Trump administration so that's
where it not relevant to this trial but
very interesting about what kind of deal
was being cooked up there there was also
a moment Katie on cross-examination
where the defense suggested that man
fort had a net worth of 21 million
dollars at the time that he was applying
for this loan now the indictment in this
case and much of the evidence
just that that's not true that in fact
he was much more than that but the
prosecution really didn't rebutted it
raises an interesting question how much
money was man affort worth at the time
that he was chairman of the interesting
because wasn't there
submitted into evidence something having
to do with missed credit card payments
as well from the prosecution yeah
absolutely there was a two hundred and
something thousand dollar American
Express bill that was lapsed and unpaid
for 90 days and that was to purchase New
York Yankees season tickets now it was
paid later and at this time the defense
suggested manna Ford had a bank account
with eight million dollars in it that
those things don't seem to Square and
we're gonna have to wait and see how
that all shakes out the end case seems
like the kind of thing you don't miss I
could be wrong though who knows hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more me to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube
subscribe now
