look Nevada's got everything here when
it comes to close races another race
that we're watching very closely here is
the state's third congressional district
frankly both the third and the fourth or
toss-ups and that includes parts of Las
Vegas and its suburbs the Democrat suzie
lee leads republican danny tarkanian if
you want to say that by two points in a
recent poll that's margin of error stuff
an e-card tarkanian joins me now he was
shaking his head already cuz no no no i
no margin of error okay that was an 8
percent margin of error there's been
four polls that have come out in the
last week we're tied in one up by one up
by two and up I see why is that tell me
about this why is this such a close race
you you lost by a fingernail the last
time to Jackie Rose and I should remind
people this is the district jackie rosen
currently represents she's running for
the US Senate why is this district so
close it's a evenly split district the
Democrats have a 1% voter registration
advantage but usually when the turnout
comes out is pretty evenly split in fact
the last election when I lost by one
percent there was a one and a half to
seven more Democrats that voted so this
race is going to come out to turnout
it's very close there's a lot of
polarization in this district as there
is across the country but we feel pretty
good where we're at we've spent a lot of
time and resources on a field game when
this cycle started a lot of people
thought you were going to be a Senate
candidate ironically I guess you and
Jackie Rosen could have faced off a
second time this time higher up on the
ballot you chose not to run because
President Trump asked you not to run
you've comfortable in that decision I
was going to get in this congressional
race to run against Jackie Rose it again
but I was recruited by the people that
supported President Trump in America
first policies to run against Dean
Heller because he had support of the
president so I got in the race because I
was going to support president Trump's
policies so he comes and calls me up and
says hey for the for the best part of my
policies and we bet if you ran for a
very important congressional race and
helped us when that led Dean when that
how do I tell the voters who asked me to
run in the race to support the president
that now he wants me to do something
against my interests I'm not going to
support him I couldn't do it
you still feel good about the decision
if there was no there was no decision it
had to be I didn't have a choice the
other way the whole reason for running
in the Senate race was taken away when
president from asked me to move out of
that race what do you think the threat
of your candidacy has done to Dean
Heller's candidacy
well I know that he became very
supportive of President Trump after I
got in the race I don't think he would
have had a chance to win this race if he
hadn't this anything moving that him
responding to you by moving to the right
has actually made a more competitive now
yeah look at President Trump is more
well liked to Nevada of what you see in
the polls and almost most of the other
states at least not all the other states
besides a real red states he lost his
district by to the state by two percent
Romney lost by seven became 12 he
actually over performed in this state he
has a us for approval rating in my
district I don't blue the more if you
don't support president Trump's policies
you're not going to get the Trump
supporters to vote for you and Dean Hale
and have no chance to win at the Trump
supporters when voting for him I would
say the number one issue generically in
every house race in the country at least
if you just look at TV advertising it's
some form of health care all right and
each side the issue of pre-existing
conditions I hear a lot of people say of
course I support keeping pre-existing
conditions covered by health insurance
how do you do it you do with high-risk
pools and then they had some of those
before the Affordable Care Act took
place and the federal government needs
to be the ones supplying there the money
for that they can subsidize those they
would be the federal government would be
subsidizing those high-risk pools at a
much lower amount in their current law
are under the Affordable Care Act
through the problem with the affordable
care act is it's not affordable my
family's health insurance went up to
four hundred eighty a month to 1840 a
month thousand dollar deductible to five
thousand duck table we need to drive the
cost down but my son also had a stroke
when he was four and a half years old
he's gonna have a pre-existing condition
the entire life not because of any fault
of his he shouldn't be penalized for
that
is the right move to start from scratch
again though I mean there look this is
the real debate nobody's ever happy with
with the health care they have but
they're afraid of what its gonna get
changed you you don't have to start from
scratch you take the good things that
the Affordable you keep some of
Obamacare this point of course I would
approach to take the good things from
what's there already you got to create a
new bill you take the good things from
the Affordable Care Act
I did some other things that could help
drive down the cost and I believe we got
to get to more of a free-market
principles that are drive down the cost
don't have time for all of it now but
that I understand that expanded Medicaid
though here in Nevada would you want to
see that go away
I think we need to protect it be able to
provide health insurance for the people
who can't afford until they can get on
their feet to afford it whether it's
through Medicaid or some other program
we should there certainly should do it
but I'll tell you what we'll be able to
service more people is if we can drive
the cost of health care down it would
also drive the cost of Medicaid carrier
down Danny Tarkanian I got to leave it
there a shorter interview than what we'd
have on a Sunday but stay safe on the
trail and we'll be watching your race
very closely I hope I get a chance to be
on to begin with you maybe on a Sunday
all right thanks for coming in chair
interviews hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meet the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
