we have an exclusive interview with the
former assistant to the President on
Rosa Manigault Noam Newman the White
House official former apprentice
contestant allegedly recorded her own
firing by chief of staff John Kelly we'd
like to play it for you now unedited in
full I'm only going to state a couple of
minutes these are lawyers we've got to
talk to you about leaving the White
House it's part of my attention over the
last few months that there's been some
pretty in my opinion significant
integrity issues related to you and use
of government vehicles and some other
issues and they'll they'll walk you
through the legal aspects of this but
there is some for my view there's some
money issues and other things but from
my view the integrity issues are very
serious
I'm stuck with my past experience and
that is when we hold the people
accountable and in the military I would
compare what I see here at the White
House and other issues that I've had to
deal with and say what would I do to
this in this case if I was in the
Pentagon dealing with a marine or a
soldier or something like that
and in the issue that you may or may not
have a full appreciation for but I think
you do this would be a pretty high level
of accountability meaning a
court-martial we're not suggesting any
legal action here that it would be a
pretty serious offense so with that I'm
just going to ask you these gentlemen
will explain it will bring the personnel
person and after after they talk to you
but just to understand that I'd like to
see this be a friendly departure
there are pretty significant legal
issues that we hope don't develop into
something that that will make it ugly
for you but I think it's important to
understand that if we make this a
friendly departure we can all be you
know you can look at look at your time
here in the white house is a year of
service to the nation and then you can
go on without any type of difficulty in
the future relative to your reputation
but it's very very important I think
that you understand that there are some
serious legal issues that have been
violated and you're open to some legal
action that we hope I think we can
control right so with that if you would
stay here with these gentlemen they'll
lay this thing out or whatever ask you a
couple questions
does the president is president aware
don't let's not go down the road this is
a non-negotiable discussion I don't
negotiate I've never talked had a chance
to talk to you don't kind of so this is
my departure I'd like to have at least
an opportunity understand we can we can
talk another time this has to do with
some pretty serious finally integrity
violations so let it go with that so the
staff and everyone on the staff works
for me not the President and so after
you departure I'll inform him if he gets
interested on only it may be so with
that I'll let you go and gentlemen if he
could take it
and just this morning Omarosa released a
tape she made of a phone call with the
president himself the day after she was
fired
general Kelley came to me and said that
you guys wanted me to leave joining us
now Omarosa Manigault Newman author of
unhinged and insiders account of the
Trump White House that of course was not
the full meeting with John Kelly it was
a two-hour meeting that's the tape we
got from you I do you have more
recordings oh absolutely
are you planning on releasing them I
don't know I'm gonna watch to see
they've been threatening legal action
they're trying to figure out oh how to
stop me they're trying to penalize me
because I would not accept a $15,000 a
month deal that they offered me put a
fake job on the Trump campaign so I'm
expecting that they're going to
retaliate and so I'm just going to stand
back and wait but you made the tapes
because you thought I'm assuming that
they would retaliate and say well it's
her word against ours what does it say
about the White House that you would
make those tapes do you think the
president is taping people oh absolutely
in fact the president talked often as
you'll see and unhinged about how
important it was to tape your enemies
and to make sure that you had
information on your enemies so
theoretically though you think he's
actually taped people inside the right
hand Comey
we have to take him at his own words he
said to Comey you know you better watch
out because you know he's insinuating
that there might be tapings and if he
does that would be a very sad day in
America because that would be
reminiscent of Nixon but one of the
things you'll see an unhinged is exactly
how he kind of unravels from day one in
the White House and how I saw very early
on that he wasn't really fit to hold the
office of the presidency he he's working
hard to undermine your credibility he
tweeted this morning whacky Omarosa who
got fired three times on the apprentice
now got fired for the last time she
never made it never will she begged me
for a job tears in her eyes I said okay
people in the White House hated her she
was vicious but not smart I would rarely
see her butt hurt really bad things
nasty to people it would constantly miss
meetings and work when general Kelley
came on board he told me she was a loser
and nothing but problems I told him to
try working it out if possible because
she said only great things about me
until she got fired
what's your response yeah I think it's
sad that with all the things that's
going on in the country that he would
take time out to insult me and to insult
my intelligence
this is his pattern with
african-americans and he doesn't know
how to control himself he has no impulse
control and he doesn't have the tact for
the presidency it's actually really sad
to watch him become unhinged no pun
intended if this was his pattern is he
becoming unhinged you've known him for
more than 15 years and you chose to work
for him you know in 2003 Donald Trump
was sharp he was somebody that I aspired
to be like I I patterned myself after
him when I went on The Apprentice to try
to you know win the opportunity to run
of one of his companies but the
president he's different than the person
I met back in 2003 he has some serious
mental impairment I'm not a dog example
can you give us a we can only see from
the tweets or you see on TV but from
being inside the White House from from
from knowing him from back in the
apprentice and from being inside the
White House for many months what did you
see specifically that would give you the
assessment this guy's unhinged he's in
mental decline definitely first of all
he would say one thing in the morning
and as a part of the comm team we would
go and try to formulate a plan a
communications plan to implement by that
afternoon he will have tweeted something
without telling us completely
contradictory of what he said in the
morning and it would not help advance
the policy that people had worked on for
months and months and Mike
you know we were talking about early on
doing something to help combat the
violence in Chicago
that we have seen rise to levels that
are just unacceptable
and at one moment he's tweeting that he
wants to do something about Chicago and
then the next minute he's complaining
about the Democratic mayor of Chicago
and saying just let the people die there
and that's not appropriate and he has
done nothing by the way to help combat
the battle zone absolutely absolutely
you wrote page 217 of your book that the
change in him since his prime was
dramatic you use an expression to say
the blade has been dull you you talk
about on the apprentice there been a
mix-up on one of the episodes where
consent contestant lost money on a task
and they were discussing figures and he
was able to recall and and calculate
things and then you talk about working
on a speech with him where he can't sort
of keep track of things
you keep telling him something he goes
off message I want to talk about the
Lester Holt interview where you said
that the team prepared him well then he
went into the interview and he said what
a lot of people believe to be the truth
that he fired Jim Comey over Russia
so was he being prepped to lie he was
being prepped by hope Hicks and the
comms team to say that the deal Jay he
come up with this memo so that they
could justify the firing of Comey
so I've known too I when you're on it
that was that was definitely hope Hakes
press secretary kind of thing but I was
a really really surprised that he would
implicate himself that's when you know
someone is mentally challenged when they
would even jeopardize their own
livelihood by saying things that are
just insane at time so if the comms team
prepped the president to lie to Lester
hole they prepped him to lie every day
and in the end he told the truth
what are they lying about like let's go
through has President Trump said with
you President effing Utley let me walk
you through we would go into our prep
for Sarah Huckabee's Sanders briefings
and there would be a cadre of attorneys
coming in to help her formulate a
response that was within the
of legal bearings is that why we see her
reading responses so often absolutely
those responses more than likely are
prepared by counsel's office in
consultation sometimes with the campaign
sometimes with the aren't see sometimes
with outside counsel did you ever ask
the question why are we lying all the
time the answer was this is how they do
it this is the Trump administration at
its best and why would you stay there
and what cause a lot has right now there
was no african-american senior staffer
in the White House and there are issues
that face this community that can't be
ignored they're making decisions about
us without us and I knew that if I laugh
that this community would suffer and in
fact to this day Stephanie there is no
one serving in the White House in a
senior administration position and they
don't even care they haven't even made
an effort to fulfill my position in in
recent history we have not seen an
administration without an
african-american assistant to the
president serving in the White House you
recount all the nicknames that the
president had four people Benjamin
Button referred Jeff Sessions and and
others did you ever hear the president
in his deliberations about firing Jeff
Sessions or Jim call me did you were you
in on that decision no Robert Moses god
no I wasn't so when you say it was your
job to stay there you wanted to be there
to help elevate the african-american
community and since you left that
position hasn't been fulfilled what did
you do to help elevate the
african-american community who did you
bring in if without you there's no no
ask this question it always has that
question Stephanie so let's talk about
from day one within the first day we
started working on executive order for
the White House initiative on
historically black colleges and
universities I've attended three HBCUs I
went to Central State University
undergrad Howard University for my
masters and doctoral studies and pain
theological for my ministerial studies
and so HBCUs once my passion within the
first 30 days we passed that executive
order that helps 300,000 students at
HBCUs all over the country and then we
moved into Black History Month where I
wanted to enlighten the president
on these types of issues unfortunately
that didn't unfortunately in the event
that I had to oversee he thought that
Frederick Douglas was still alive the
other thing is and she's saying anything
one more things you really hurt your
credibility when the president said that
and you stood behind it would you
complain about NBC while you're sitting
at this table out in public about the
things that go on here because you know
I've been a part of the NBC family for a
very long time there's a lot that goes
on but it's not proper for you to
complain about your employer while
you're sitting behind that desk
no but it's even what they're doing you
don't ask me to do something you
wouldn't do yourself it's not proper
there's a proper chain to do everything
and I did that I submitted my concerns
and complaint to the proper people but
to ask me to do something that is so I
mean it's ludicrous to go and complain
right after Charlottesville
nohe pout it a bit but he stayed as low
and nobody's saying he everyone in power
but he didn't leave immediately you know
why he stayed because he was working on
policies that he couldn't just
immediately abandon how many months did
he stay after about six months after you
didn't leave on your own accord though
well no I was planning to leave at the
one-year mark and that is very well
documented by so many people and you
know in some ways general Kelly did me a
favor but can I just say one thing while
I'm here with you I'd like to get my
personal stuff back you know I've been
waiting for seven months for the wife
because I wouldn't sign the agreement
with the campaign and so they refused to
give me my things and so I'd like those
seven boxes of my personal items back
from the White House without them being
with retaliatory as they are doing
because it's my stuff before we go you
say that president Trump is a master
manipulator but he's also on mental
decline how can you be both you can be
both they're not mutually exclusive you
can actually have some levels of
brilliant brilliance and have some
semblance of mental decline as we see in
the president a MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
