well they the craziness that happened
this weekend yesterday amaurosis on Meet
the Press and we find out there that she
actually after being taken into the
Situation Room records a conversation in
there which of course is is one of many
breaches that that seem to occur in that
White House every day but the chaos
continues here's somebody that Donald
Trump's been close with for well over a
decade and she's claiming that he uses
the n-word climbing well climbing quite
a few things but again the the big
takeaway that she's recording the
conversation of the chief of staff as
he's firing her in the Situation Room I
was struck Joe by my conversation with a
different range of sources on this White
House officials people who were part of
the Republican Party establishment
they're taken aback by what ms Manigault
Neuman is doing with her book they say
she has no credibility yet when you
called longtime friends of President
Trump people who have been at that 26th
floor on Trump Tower and seeing the kind
of people coming in and out seen then
businessman Donald Trump shouting at his
assistants for a diet coke asking
threatening friends and enemies that
they could be recorded they've shrugged
at this book in a sense they say this is
how it's always been in Trump world a
mix of celebrity politics ego and
business and it continues today it's the
White House officials who don't really
know what to make of it in art and are
struck by it that haven't been yeah John
Heilemann that didn't haven't seen
Donald Trump in in action at Trump Tower
yeah it's a sight to behold if I'd you
you now have though one of his longest
TV partners in Omarosa and also his
fixer
his attorney fixer both of them would
record Donald Trump all the time it's
almost as if they knew like Monica
Lewinsky that they had to preserve the
evidence
yeah people people who've known Trump
for a long time
these these are people who are not new
to him they're not other people who as
Bob said not just we're familiar we have
been in that office but for familiar
with the kind of modus vivendi the modus
operandi of Donald Trump as he moved
through the world I think that a lot of
them recognized that that the loyalty
that they were expected to give to
Donald Trump might not be returned to
them fully in the future and that they
needed to have some kind of insurance
policy against that there are also
people who were demonstrably trying and
again this doesn't excuse anything about
Donald Trump but they were also Michael
cones case and in amaurosis case people
who are trying to use their relationship
with Donald Trump to try to profit one
way or the other either financially
reputationally in terms of their status
in the world these are not people who
were not self-interested and so that
again you you look at this the many of
the things she says about Donald Trump
come as news to no one the notion that
Donald Trump is a racist that he says
racist things this is the furthest thing
from breaking news in the world but but
I think you look at her and you say that
this is someone who was using Donald
Trump just as Donald Trump was using her
the nature of the transaction was clear
to both of them
she the notion that she's claiming now
that she suddenly looked up very late in
her time and realized that she was
complicit in having given him racial
cover she knew from the very beginning
that that's what she was there to do
this is not a stupid person this is a
person with maybe no conscience no soul
and no ethics but she's not a person
with no brain and she knew what her role
was she used it she embraced it and then
when it was time to go she's now taking
advantage of the opportunity to cash in
and you know yeah is she laying bare
some things about Donald Trump she is
but none of them are news to anyone
who's been paying attention over the
course of the last couple of years some
more cleavage what always is surprised
to me and I guess it shouldn't be a
surprise to me because it keeps
happening so much is exactly the type of
people who will do whatever Donald Trump
wants them to do and it despite the fact
they know that the story always ends
badly you always end up on
the bus and he will drive it forward and
then drive it back call you oh la la it
you know and your cover story I guess
several months ago on you know this town
under Trump my god the faces and the
names that have changed since then
around the president but they all go out
the way the Steve bandhans of the world
go out it there's never a happy ending
so why do people now like Rudy Giuliani
why do they go on TV embarrass
themselves and contradict themselves
every five minutes where they know it
always ends badly
well well there is certainly a we've
seen this movie before quality to this
and I think in a lot of cases may be
certainly in amaurosis case it's not
like she was gonna get a job in any
other White House I mean this is Donald
Trump was the last shot for a lot of
people it was not I mean Michael Cohen
was not going to be the lawyer for a
future or current or former president
anytime soon Michael Flynn wasn't gonna
be a national security advisor Paul
Manafort wasn't gonna be a campaign
manager so you see this pattern of
desperation becomes jobs becomes things
that end very very badly either with
some kind of public and unseemly feud
like this or indictments in the case of
man afford or Flynn and and others so
look this is a very familiar story but
you do have to step back periodically
and every time it happens you know you
have to try to and just say wow this is
happening in the White House this is not
a two-bit operation anymore
this is our country yeah this is
happening in the White House and thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more for morning joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
