tonight the legal pressure on Donald
Trump his family and his network of
aides lawyers former aides and former
fixers looks to be at an all-time high
Bob Miller's prosecutors are now 10 days
into their first trial of a former Trump
aide campaign chair Paul Manafort who
watched his case get harder this week as
another Trump aide who worked on the
campaign Rick Gates was confessing to
crimes on the stand now for all the
indictments and evidence and the general
rancor of the Trump presidency this week
did mark the first time a former Trump
aide ever did confess publicly to a
crime gates telling jurors he committed
felonies with Paul Manafort that is a
fact that is news that is legally
concerning for Donald Trump and
politically concerning as confessions
are not a great message heading into the
midterms but Donald Trump has his own
plan for midterm messaging and while he
didn't know this trial of this campaign
chair would be on track for a verdict
right heading into labor day which is of
course the key time for the midterms he
has long known that he has his own plan
to try to divert attention towards a
different political fight in fact he
told the confidante earlier this summer
he would revive his attacks on the NFL
over people who kneel in protest
directly leading up to the midterms
because Trump believes quote its return
to the headlines will help Republicans
win votes and there it is today Donald
Trump re-upping his attacks on NFL
players over the kneeling this is on a
Friday heading into the anniversary of
course of that Charlottesville white
power rally we're not gonna read the
tweet tonight from the president
attacking the players in last night's
game because it's not particularly
newsworthy and we're not going to show
you all the headlines it sparked you can
imagine there were many of them the
actual developments though we are going
to show you because that is what Trump
is distracting from and they include
Muller pressing this week for a wider
interview with Trump than he's willing
to give which could launch a Supreme
Court if you fight it includes Muller
putting an associate of Roger stone in
the grand jury box just today and
getting another Rodgers donate held in
contempt today for
using to testify it all in this probe it
also includes the issuance of a new
subpoena to an associate of both stone
and julian assange Randy critical news
that first broke exclusively on MSNBC
Thursday night now that's a lot of
subpoenas and interviews of people
around Roger stone who unlike most
current White House aides is actually
someone who's worked closely intimately
with Donald Trump for many years and
those are all developments inside these
investigations when it comes to the
criminal trial of Trump campaign chair
Paul Manta four prosecutors are now
drawing some of the first lines in
public back to the campaign the
administration and corruption let's walk
through this one because it's
significant and it's new just today a
bank executive took the stand in this
case to detail a 16 million dollar loan
that was provided to Paul man afford and
noting that he got suspiciously fast
approval for it by going directly to the
CEO a banker who wanted to serve in the
Trump administration and mana 420 head
and wrote an email so it's in writing
pushing that banker for the pivotal
pivotal job of army secretary there are
other non NFL developments dogging Trump
tonight as well this week marks the
first time we had a person in Congress
who was his first congressional endorser
indicted on charges of insider trading
in line to the feds this special
election this week also saw Democrats
improve their support by 10 points in a
district that Donald Trump carried by
about 11 in the crucial state of Ohio
if those trends continue Republicans
would hold power in House races where
they do hold an 11-point edge or more
which would also look like a probable
loss of control of the House of
Representatives now right now that
Republicans about a point ahead the race
has not officially been call so while
attacking football players who protest
police brutality is one way to head into
this weekend let's also note many
Americans taking a different tack and
others are doing simply what many people
do on sad anniversaries honoring the
people who are no longer with us like
Heather hire who was killed a year ago
at that white supremecy rally and today
her mother Susan bro spoke about
accountability for those
politics who encourage hate and violence
I can tell you what David Duke and
Richard Spencer and Jason Kessler and I
believe Matthew heimbach have even said
and that is that the current
administration has given them to go
ahead giving them a thumbs up giving
them a wink and a nod that's their words
not mine I'm joined tonight to kick off
our conversation with Mark Thompson host
of make it plain on sirius XM radio
jonathan alter Colman's for The Daily
Beast an MSNBC analyst and the radio
host as well and baratunde a Thurston an
author artist activist the book how to
be black relevant here and I start with
you there is so much bad news following
Donald Trump there is a playbook that we
know and some people say he is president
so they will report on the tweet of the
attack your view of what is important of
what we should be focused on when you
look at all this going into the weekend
I think there's two things I think one
is the reminder that when this president
needs a distraction
he hits one of two big buttons the blame
immigrants button or the attack rich
black athletes button because he knows
that they work the other thing that I
think to take away is important is the
contrast the people he's attacking are
doing a better job at leading than he is
last week he attacks LeBron James so our
supposed leader is throwing little
children in jail LeBron James is putting
them in schools this week he attacks NFL
players for exercise in the first
amendment in the Constitution when this
president on a daily basis likely
undermines that Constitution by
maintaining an ownership stake openly in
his businesses he is revealing himself
constantly through these and so I think
the valuable lesson to us is the high
contrast that he's offering a supposed
it leader versus real leadership and
he's threatened by the real I would
agree you know but this is a distraction
it comes easy for someone who was the
son or is the son of air drum of the KKK
Donald Trump is a racist and a white
supremacist and is particularly I
believe obsessed with black men he
attacks strong black men
he went after President Obama he's gone
after LeBron James is going after NFL
players because of his own inadequacies
you know we
the term white supremacy but that's
really a projection white supremacy is
really a manifestation of a sense of
inferiority and so he feels inferior to
these other people who are successful
doing positive things
these men are taking an e4 non-criminals
Mike Brown whose anniversary was
yesterday not a criminal Tamir rice not
a criminal Sandra bland Renisha McBride
Jordan Davis Trayvon Martin not
criminals but as you've been reporting
is all the legal evidence is pointing to
what he is the one who is a criminal and
we know he's using this to exploit the
midterms that's his goal that's his
effort but also let's be honest he could
care less himself about the national
anthem the only anthem Donald Trump
cares about is the Russian national
anthem
well and two facts for this Jonathan one
the polling of the president's tweet
attack on LeBron James which again is a
kind of a sad 2018 little statistic that
we have these polls but people
overwhelmingly oppose this 58% of
Americans saying they oppose what he
said only 12 percent support the rest
say they just didn't know about it or
neither so the extent that it breaks
through that means there are people who
are still conservative or still backing
Trump and they don't even claim to like
this
and also the New Orleans State defensive
end cam Gordon responding saying hey guy
who won the presidential election how
about we get a statement on the quote
unite the right rally being held in DC
this weekend a year after the first one
in Charlottesville to Barrett ten days
point some of these athletes who
obviously many of whom are black are
very clear about with a connection they
see on this Friday going into this
weekend when someone was killed at a
white supremacy event and here we're
about to go back all into it all this
weekend well professional sports at
least football and basketball are now
lined up in unison against the President
of the United States we have never seen
anything like that these are our heroes
and so Trump is taking a real gamble
here I'm not sure that it's gonna work
out for him I'm not sure that those
rural voters who did not show up in Ohio
on Tuesday night his bass I'm not sure
that if he demagogues more on this that
they're somehow gonna get off their
rumps and go vote the people who voted
were the people who are disgusted by
this and that's why that 10-point
victory that he had in 2016 was erased
in Ohio so you know you passed over
almost without comment because we're so
used to it oh he's doing this for
political reasons think about that that
is the definition of demagoguery is to
use race and fear for political reasons
we know the players are standing up will
the fans stand up so I have some friends
who are very distinguished
anthropologists they were among the
older guys who originated the teachings
in the 1960s against the Vietnam War
they're trying to organize kneeling ins
they want fans at college football games
young people to kneel in solidarity with
the players when they're in the stands
we'll see whether that kind of thing
happens but I think Trump is assuming
that there's not going to be pushback
and I'm not sure it's so sure he's right
this fall I think it's sad the smallness
of his game plan for this election area
for this possible blue wave that's
coming that the only play he has left is
more racism more division because he's
turned away any potential moderates who
might come to his aid and it doesn't
have to be that way other presidents
haven't done it this way but this guy's
going for the darker path for the uglier
path and it's just a waste of
presidential power if he were killing it
as president I would get it tweet about
the NFL all day every day astrocyte time
job but there's real work to do and you
were hired by us the people you were
paid by us the people this is a big job
and he's flaunting and flittering away
the real opportunity he has to actually
lead when he's given that opportunity he
goes low every time and Jonathan how
much of that runs into the collective
toll the corruption takes here because
there are people who may say well I
never thought Donald Trump was gonna
drain the swamp I always thought it was
crap and I'm not gonna vote for him or
the Republicans that's sort of a
sitting voting block but as we all know
the way of midterms and turnout and all
these things matter is everyone else and
is there a one two three five seven
point shift eventually when enough of
the corruption stories congeal to say
wow the thing that he ran against the
swamp pay-for-play the Clinton
Foundation to echo the the point Mark
was making in a different context it was
all projection of their own problems so
it's really interesting I talked to a
Democratic candidate in an Ohio district
not the one on Tuesday a very
conservative district this guy has a
chance and months ago he was telling me
it was only one issue in his district
health care health care health care and
focusing on people with pre-existing
conditions who would lose their
protections if the Democrats were not to
get control of the house that's all they
cared about when I talked to him last
week he said corruption and it is coming
as an issue that these people in power
are swamp creatures and this would mean
the Democrats have a potential to turn
drain the swamp on its head so that the
swamp that needs to be drained now is
the Trump swamp and they have a lot to
work with on an almost daily basis when
you have this congressman who's inside
insider trading from the South Lawn of
the White House caught on camera yeah
that the White House is a crime scene
you know and every day then you have
that the color that Wilbur Ross the
Commerce Secretary there's a story in
Forbes magazine not exactly a liberal
rag saying that he was a grifter to the
tune of a hundred and twenty million
dollars mm-hmm so these are you know bad
actors in this Trump orbit and I think
collectively it's really gonna hurt and
and we should add the reporting here
also about Devin Nunez I mean that is an
example of corruption they are now he's
on record saying that they're gonna try
to do all they can to protect him and
cover this up we don't have to play none
of us has to plot on behalf of each
other to cover up something because we
haven't anything we haven't committed a
crime no crime has been committed I
don't have to cover you up if you've not
done anything
wrong so to me that's an omission did
they know he's in trouble
I think corruption is important to run
on I think it's important to continue to
expose even if it weren't a political
season because even as Rachel just
reported the tampering in the elections
is still going on Donald Trump is the
one that is unpatriotic not these NFL
players not even not anybody taking it
has nothing to do with the flag or the
anthem they are taking a knee because of
injustice the very same injustice that
happened there Heather hire a year ago
she is as I've said before the viola
Liuzhou of our generation vote lose over
those who don't know a white woman
killed during the march from Selma to
Montgomery simply driving people to and
from the March
I met her family and know her family
they she lost her life standing up for
what's right
Heather hire was doing the same thing
it's a shame that she should be gone and
Donald Trump every day that he doesn't
decry that every date he dismisses it
and creates this false equivalency many
sides both sides do it it continues to
set us back he is he is a danger and
obviously buried someday I don't expect
anything greater but you said it's wrong
he's a small man he's small-minded and
and he has nothing in common with the
integrity of these NFL players other
than that helmet of a hairdo he wears on
his head listen that the contradictions
are disappointing you know we have the
white house as a crime scene I want to
remind us as well that the rhetoric that
comes from this White House and indeed
this party in power is one of Law and
Order Law & Order
let's vilify immigrants who commit less
crime than actual citizens because of
law and order let's trash athletes
because of law and order thus talk trash
about the inner city because of law and
order yet these same people are willing
to at best look the other way when law
and order is being so absolutely
undermined by people who have the power
to stop it and who themselves are
committing it right and that I think
dovetails with the question in midterms
we were discussing about which is
correct what is corruption look like and
what does it look like when Bob Muller
says people are
fraud in the United States that's what
the charges are they have to be proven
but it is it's a wall up my special
thanks to Mark Thompson Jonathan alter
I'm baratunde a Thurston for this
discussion thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
