big one tonight Donald Trump of course
has no shame when it comes to boasting
about his successors popularity even
when it's a full-blown lie 304 306
electoral votes in fact President Obama
got 365 and 2000 the President President
Obama 332 in George HW Bush 426 when he
won as president so why should Americans
trust well no I was reading information
I was just given we had a very very big
margin I was given that information I
was given actually I've seen that
information around but it was a very
substantial victory do you agree with
that Donald Trump is given all sorts of
information like this recent tweet where
he claims his approval rating as 90%
without mentioning that's just among
Republicans few days later Trump told
the son quote I'm the most popular
person in the history of the Republican
Party beating Lincoln I beat out Honest
Abe actually Presidents Bush other Bush
Reagan Nixon eisenhower were all at
least as popular with Republican party
members at one point or another
and get this there was no Gallup polling
during the Civil War but the president's
fuzzy grasp on numbers runs the family
take Donald Trump jr. always seeking his
father's approval who posted some
incredible poll numbers on Instagram
this week numbers that seem too good to
be true numbers that appeared to be
altered and that's thinking too in 60
seconds Donald Trump jr. is always
trying to make dad happy so he posted
what looked like some good new polling
for the president on his Instagram this
week Wow
take a look at that trumpet 50% nothing
beats 50% look at Obama's puny 45
compared to Papa's 50 is Don jr. wrote
amazing I guess there's a magic wand to
make things happen and at real Donald
Trump seems to have it hashtag mega
hashtag America first note the
misspelling of America magic Photoshop
magic take a closer look you'll see the
50% has very clearly been edited
the original graphic which said 40% Don
Jr took down the post this afternoon
after a lot of people pointed out the
issue but hey he was just given that
information I was given that information
actually I've seen that information
around but it was a very substantial
victory do you agree with that you're
the president okay thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
