I think it's really important that the
Democrats whoever they nominate it
better be a fighter I think I've shown a
unique ability over the last five to six
months to take the fight to Donald Trump
and in the event I decide to run that's
gonna be a big part of my message out of
the courtroom and into the critically
important early voting state of Iowa
michael avenatti attorney for adult film
actress stormy Daniels is taking a big
step toward introducing himself to
voters today he will speak at the Iowa
wingding in about an hour I spoke to him
about an hour before we came on the air
and asked him if he thinks he can win he
said quote there's a handful of people
who can beat Donald Trump I think I'm
one of them Democrats have made a
mistake by underestimated Trump for
thinking he can't win again or they're
the only one because of 80,000 votes in
a few states Democrats need a candidate
who takes him seriously and an opponent
who can connect with voters to defeat
him and I think I can voters will make
that determination of course but I've
had a sneak peek at his prepared remarks
for tonight and they hit a lot of the
right notes telling his personal story
talking about shaking up Washington and
bringing more non politicians into DC
but running for president your first
campaign is straight-up crazy right
how drunk didn't think so but will it
work for Michael avenatti the panel
still here what do you think candidate
this is all entrancing you know someone
said that but we all said that about job
I said that about job yeah and and Trump
made it happen in in a Republican Party
a few years ago I mean you look at the
field of Democrats right now in avenatti
is the one who stands out he's the one
who's not a politician who's not a
senator or a governor or a mayor or what
have you and you know if he gives the
base what they're looking for and shows
that he can go toe to toe with Trump
you'd have a chance and I think that the
determinating sort of factor for him
will be what do Democrats value most if
they decide they value a fighter most
people would be foolish to underestimate
Michael avenatti
I have always said that they need a
fighter that that's why I said you know
where there was Elizabeth Warren or the
governor of Virginia you need someone
who's actually gonna go ahead to head
with Donald Trump you need someone who's
not gonna try and take the high road
because the high word doesn't work with
this guy and to be honest with you look
you know Ann avenatti holder ticket who
knows if that ends up being effective
one way or another but I don't think
we're at a point anymore and this is
always important remembering you
against the president who's already in
office Democrats are gonna want to win
and whoever they think can win
regardless of what his or her background
might be that person could be ahead and
if Ivan Adi can give a good speech why
not the asymmetry to me seemed to be
what led the the 1617 Republicans who
ran against him and ultimately Hillary
Clinton to lose you know they tried
running factually accurate ads she don't
jump to anything factually accurate they
gave speeches they prepared for their
debates he didn't do any of those things
than he won I think this is a really bad
idea
simply because Donald Trump ran as a
celebrity and has become the worst
president in history he doesn't mean the
Democrats should duplicate it and
Democrats are different than Republicans
they do care about governance they do
care about some of the policy issues and
I think looking at him Democrats would
and should be insulted that he thinks he
can come into their party at the last
moment and run for president moment I
mean as well 2018 his career in his life
at the last moment he hasn't been a
democratic operative he has a Democratic
candidate any level I do agree however
they better get someone with a decent
personal is it they haven't found one
yet so I guess they're gonna go out
looking I mayor's they have governors
they have senators I really haven't seen
anyone who just grabs you by the throat
I have not met Ashley Parker Democratic
feels good about their pool for 2020 I
haven't met a Democrat who feels good
about Bernie Sanders I haven't met a
Democrat I mean other than people who
work for Bernie Sanders who feels like
Joe Biden would be I haven't met a
Democrat who likes their odds with
anybody else so I'm not advocating for
another person that hasn't worked in
politics I'm just saying why not so
there's a lot of things as we all know
running for president that the Democrats
may still value like understanding of
policy and someone who can with been of
that movie by the way I can tell those
and they're the one thing I will say
that is compelling about him is
Democrats whoever they nominate will be
neat to be someone who understands the
Trump psychology who can go one-on-one
with him and who isn't going to be
dismissed by a silly nickname or being
called sleepy and Michael avenatti has
shown keep in mind all those women came
out during the campaign they did not
break
it was not until he began representing
these women with his tactics that he was
able to bring that issue to the
forefront does that qualify him to be
the Democratic nominee for president
probably not certainly not necessarily
but it does show he can command the
media attention and has that showmanship
that the president has which is
important in going head-to-head with him
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
