you know those times when you come
across looking ugly and then you tried
to explain your comments but you dig
yourself in even deeper hole yeah well
let's review the Fox News host Laura
Ingraham and the week she has had thus
far here she was on Wednesday
making a comment so questionable it drew
applause from the former Grand Wizard of
the Ku Klux Klan because in some parts
of the country it does seem like the
America that we know and love doesn't
exist anymore
massive demographic changes have been
foisted upon the American people and
their changes that none of us have were
voted for and most of us don't like from
Virginia to California we see stark
examples of how radically in some ways
the country has changed now much of this
is related to both illegal and in some
cases legal immigration that of course
progressives love did you hear what she
said there she said illegal and legal
immigration so when she tries to clean
this up and say this is all about law
and order how could it possibly be about
law and order if you're going after
legal immigration at worst these are the
words of white supremacists at best it's
playing on anxiety of of a part of our
culture and I ask the question why KKK
icon David Duke he loved what he heard
so much he got out there and tweeted
about it in a now-deleted post but do
not worry Laura Ingraham is a national
TV celebrity so she has had plenty of
chances to explain that she's definitely
not a racist she waited a full 24 hours
and said this the purpose of last
night's angle was to point out that the
rule of law meaning secure borders it's
something that used to bind our country
together and despite what some may be
contending I made explicitly clear that
my commentary had nothing to do with
race or ethnicity
ma'am you made explicitly clear when you
said illegal and legal ball an innocent
misunderstanding is that were supposed
to take this as but just in case
I invite you to take a very good look at
the words used massive demographic
changes have been foisted on the
American people and they are changes
that none of us ever voted for and most
of us don't like we know exactly what
demographics refer to because the census
for bureau spells it out for us the age
sex and racial composition of a
population so if Miss Ingram has no
problem with racial changes in
demographics is she up in arms that
there are too many old people too many
young people too many men too many women
it gets extra fishy when you scroll
through some of ingres hateful offensive
statements over the years by the way the
jails are what 27% illegal immigrants
why don't we ship them back home and say
you come again you'll be shot crossing
the border the Christians who we can
verifiably say are our Christians who
are in the threat of being slaughtered
I'm happy to bring in some of them I
think most people would but all these
other people they got to stay in the
Middle East and the I have come here to
murder and rape our people we know that
now the price they have to pay for
multiculturalism is the risk that you
walking on the sidewalk and a man will
or a woman will purposely mow you down
and then while you're maybe finishing
your cappuccino in a cafe or having a
drink someone will put a knife to your
throat and slit it with the attempt
perhaps to behead you unless they run
their mouths like that you're great
players but no one voted for you
millions elected Trump to be their coach
so keep the political commentary to
yourself or someone once said shut up
and dribble I believe it was you you
laura ingraham who said shut up and
dribble and I can only speak for myself
but I want to thank LeBron James for the
school he opened last week for the
commitment to philanthropy he's made
over the years and all of those kids
that he's now putting into his new
school and the many who he has already
granted scholarships to in his hometown
of Akron Ohio so thank you mr. James
joining me now Jonathan Capehart a
Pulitzer prize-winning journalist and
Washington Post opinion writer who is
also going to be hosting a I'm joy this
weekend so you better tune in
an MSNBC contributor and terror analyst
Malcom Nance all right Jonathan
I want to talk about what the president
is doing and what Fox News is doing for
him because I see a tale of two Trump's
in terms of policy he is exactly helping
the elites I think back to right after
he won when he walked into the 21 club
and he was caught on tape saying I'm
gonna lower your taxes and that's
exactly what he has done or letting his
buddies at mar-a-lago start to direct
what happens at the VA so that's what's
happening on a policy perspective but
then from a cultural perspective he
sparks these culture wars and when you
watch a Laura Ingraham a Tucker Carlson
every night play into if it's not white
nationalism it's white anxiety and
they're paid tens of millions of dollars
to do so so I'm confused when they're
railing against elites
when it appears that it is elites
playing into white anxiety what we saw
in that montage of hate that you showed
from Laura Ingraham is what people have
been doing in this country for a long
time playing on white anxiety playing on
hate playing on division to distract
from very real policy changes that
impact those very same economically
insecure white voters who see their
wages stalled or falling the jobs
disappearing because the Republican
Party is spending all of its time with
lots of wealth redistribution away from
the working people into the elites that
you're just talking about we're all
talking about Laura Ingraham if this
were a normal presidency we would be
talking about exist the the the tax laws
the the president using his private golf
club as a sort of policy incubator and
then having these people run federal
agencies day a de facto that's what
we're not talking about and you know
this wasn't the question I thought you
were going to ask me because I was all
set up to respond to Laura England
there's Laura Ingraham and there's one
word to use for her and everything that
you showed and everything that she said
this week deplorable she is deplorable
the sentiment she expresses is
deplorable and the fat
that she is on a cable network that most
Republicans watch that is sorry bosses
the number one cable channel in the
country I'm sorry which means most
exciting is watching is watching hate on
a nightly basis I mean don't be sorry
Laura has paid millions of dollars
because many people agree and believe in
it but we keep saying well it's the
Forgotten Americans who have gotten so
upset
Malcolm Nance The Forgotten Americans
that helped elect President Trump are
not being served by his policies look at
wages continue to lag so it's not the
Forgotten American it's the American who
can no longer say go and get that boy
like Jeff Sessions who got in a massive
amount of trouble for once saying that
to an african-american colleague
this ain't a story about the Forgotten
American no it's not and we've seen poll
after poll come out and say that the
people who elected Donald Trump were not
poor white voters for the most part they
were middle class and affluent voters
but the people who did vote for them who
are at the bottom rung voted because
they thought they would get changed and
they had had eight years of non-stop
vilification of Barack Obama but we can
say at this point was the last of the
normal presidents the first 44
presidents of the United States that
being said the things that are being
said today are fundamentally unamerican
I say this all the time when I'm on this
show I was born and raised in
Philadelphia and in Philadelphia there's
a park called Washington Square and it
was a black Cemetery during the time of
the American Revolution but buried in
that cemetery is over a thousand dead
continental soldiers who are unknown and
that is a good example of how the
American experiment has always developed
there is always a new American
demographic whether the Irish in the
1800's the Syrians and Lebanese in the
late 1800s the great Italian migration
of the 1900s everyone's new in America
because America is not a race it's not a
color it's a night
yeah and a belief and we can honor those
dead soldiers who fought for this
revolution along with side of the people
who served those who came up with this
concept Mangrum does not understand that
but then let's talk about a different
American experiment one that works for
the president
it's called distract and enrage this
morning the president took to Twitter
just before 9:00 a.m. to again go after
NFL players when if you think about the
news cycle what could we have been
focusing on today that a judge
specifically called out the Trump
administration Kirsten Nielsen Jeff
Sessions about the zero-tolerance policy
in the inhumane treatment of migrant
children we could have been starting the
day talking about Melania Trump whose
parents yesterday were made US citizens
and they were able to use the family
based migration system the system the
president rails against calling it chain
migration we could have talked about a
congressman who's been arrested for
insider trading we could have led the
show about Paul Manafort the president's
former campaign manager who is now
possibly facing life imprisonment for
tax fraud we could have gone after
Wilbur Ross and the bombshell story that
came out this week about the conflicts
of interests but nope we didn't talk
about any of those things or the fact
that this is the one year anniversary of
charlottesville which many Republicans
consider the lowest point in the
president's administration when remember
he looked at those riots and said blame
is on many many sides when remember a
peace protester Heather hire was killed
so talk about this Jonathan the
president has now turned and said look
the NFL those players those boys who
have the privilege of making millions of
dollars and here's the thing that's a
winning distraction for him yeah it's a
winning distraction for him for the
people who already like him for the
people who wallow in grievance and rage
and hate and for people for whom you
know Laura Laura Ingraham speaks that
they're they are worried that they're
going to be left behind again that
they're going to be forgotten again in
their minds Charlottesville to me was
among all of the horrific things
president Trump has done just on issue
on culture issues
charlottesville was the one that was the
most egregious when a nation is hurting
when a nation is reeling at hate openly
displayed Nazis walking in the streets
of an American city on live television
we look to our leaders we look to the
President of the United States to be our
moral Center to be able to say to us
this is not who we are
this is not what we are about we will
come together and we will heal he didn't
do that he did the exact he did the
exact opposite and seeded the moral
authority of the presidency and and he's
ok with that
for the president yes the point I was
trying to make though is a year later a
year after Charlottesville were hip to
his game we know what he's doing we know
what he's doing by those tweets we know
what he's doing by trying to inflame the
hate and the rage but we're not we're
not blind to it and the the fact that
you read all of those things that we're
not talking about because of that tweet
just before nine o'clock proves my point
folks are not dumb folks are not stupid
they know what he's doing and I think
that he's gonna pay the price for it hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
