president Trump's spaceforce would be
the first new branch of our military in
over 70 years that is assuming the
administration can actually get this
plan launched vice president Mike Pence
laid out details at the Pentagon
promising the space force would be
established by 2020 adding that this was
about American dominance in space the
space environment is fundamentally
changed in the last generation what was
once peaceful and uncontested
he's now crowded in adversarial the
United States space force will
strengthen our security will ensure our
prosperity and it will also carry
American ideals into the boundless
expanse of space after the announcement
the president's re-election campaign
solicited donations from supporters and
asked them to vote on a logo for the
space Force priorities astronauts mark
and Scott Kelly have been very critical
of the president's proposal there is a
threat out there but it's being handled
by the US Air Force today doesn't make
sense to build a whole nother level of
bureaucracy in an incredibly
bureaucratic DoD I think there's a
little bit of lacking of understanding
in in the White House at the highest
levels at this point I don't think it's
necessary you know space is a
environment that we're supposed to work
together peacefully and I think we've
demonstrated that heard Republicans like
Ben Sasse mocked the idea even using
Beastie Boys lyrics to make fun of this
program on Twitter it's amazing but if
you take criticism aside it does seem
that the administration is moving
forward but the beginning stages of this
program come with a very hefty price tag
the vice president is calling for
Congress to authorize an initial eight
billion bucks for this effort in next
year's defense spending bill but just
think about this eight billion dollars
could go a long way to fund other
desperately needed programs at this
moment in our country thanks to the
president's separation policy Health and
Human Services has already spent 40
million dollars for housing caring and
reunite
the families they separated much more
will be needed for crucial programs how
about the Flint water crisis you
remember the infrastructure catastrophe
it is now in its fourth year people
still don't have clean water children
well it could be solved with just fifty
five million dollars to replace the
pipes meanwhile Veterans Affairs is
facing a three billion dollar budget
shortfall with reports of some veterans
waiting years for care and at least one
VA hospital having to use rusty medical
equipment and the biggest deficit of all
the u.s. federal budget deficit for next
fiscal year is at a whopping nine
hundred and eighty five billion dollars
but no let's spend some more money
playing space cowboys hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
