our team is set up and ready to go on
this Friday and we're gonna start with
President Trump up at Bedminster putting
himself right in the middle of the
cultural wars again reigniting his feud
with the NFL after several players
protested in preseason games last night
you're seeing some of the video the
president tweeting just a few hours ago
saying the NFL players are at it again
taking a knee when they should be
standing proudly for the national anthem
numerous players from different teams
wanted to show their outrage it's
something that most of them are unable
to define they make a fortune doing what
they love be happy be cool is the
message from the president fans are
playing so much money to watch and enjoy
football game is no place to protest
most of that money goes to the players
anyways he continues he continues he
continues let me get over to Jeff
Bennett who is live for us there in New
Jersey it comes Jeff as all of this goes
down this is not new from the president
what's new is that this is the NFL
preseason he is picking up this culture
war fight even as there are some major
policy issues that the president is
dealing with and a former White House
insider Omarosa we talked about on this
program yesterday is now alleging the
president used racist inflammatory
language yeah there's a lot happening
here Halle and look the first thing to
know is that the NFL is back and so too
is the president's crusade against these
player protests so here was apparently
reacting to what happened last night at
a preseason game he had a couple of
players there on the field take the knee
during the anthem a few others raised
their fists but when the president
tweets where he says you know they
wanted to show their outrage at
something that most of them are unable
to define we should be clear that the
players have been crystal clear from the
start that they were not protesting the
anthem what they're demonstrating
against they say is racial injustice and
police shootings of unarmed black men so
if you ask the question why does the
president keep returning to this issue
well people close to him tell me and I'm
sure you have this in your own reporting
that he views this as a political winner
whereas issues such as tax cuts tariffs
might not be as relevant and resonant
for his base this cultural issue
certainly is this is the president's
view so it's one of the reasons why he
talks time in town again about
immigration and yes about this issue of
NFL protests take a look at what he said
in the past about this
wouldn't you love to see one of these
NFL owners when somebody disrespects our
flag to say get that son of a bitch off
the field right now out he's fired fire
you have to stand proudly for the
national anthem
well you shouldn't be playing you
shouldn't be there maybe you shouldn't
be in the country thank you for checking
out our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
