MSNBC is so corrupt it's so disgusting
they're really a fake news group of
people CNN fake News said Trump will not
win but they can make anything bad
because they are the fake fake
disgusting news and even these people
back here these horrible horrendous
people fake news fake news they are fake
when you read the New York Times it's
just story after story after story
that's just a negative spin the enemy
the enemy of the people I call President
Trump continues to rail against the
press even saying recently that the fake
news is dangerous and sick and can also
quote cause war a favorite target of the
president has been the failing so-called
New York Times but as The Times Peter
Baker recently pointed out the paper
just added another 109 thousand new
subscribers for the second quarter
bringing the total to 3.8 million
subscribers for digital and print that's
a lot of eyeballs the Showtime
documentary series the Fourth Estate
chronicles the job of journalists at the
New York Times covering President Trump
during his first year in office and the
series recently earned an Emmy
nomination take a look we have a
president is very comfortable not
telling the truth
we have a left that doesn't want to hear
what the other side has to say
and we have a right that feels same way
and all of those groups are picking
through every story looking for places
where we failed joining us now the
series director and producer Liz Garbus
who spent the last year embedded with
The Times and Liz thanks for being on
thanks for doing this what did you find
what surprised you in your your year
embedded with The Times as you are
trying to look at the challenge
reporters face in this in this landscape
this atmosphere but also in what we do
as reporters and journalists because we
are an ever-evolving
always trying to get better entity I
think I think what's striking is with
all the attacks of faith news and the
enemy of the people and the idea that
there's some kind of conspiracy brewing
with in places like the New York Times
or The Washington Post CNN are here in
MSNBC what I found was extraordinary
care and caution actually the amount of
tips and possibly disinformation that
comes in on a daily basis to these
journalists and how weary they are of
going out with information that they
haven't vetted that they can't triple
quadruple source I mean I think what we
saw would happen with with Brian Ross
was you know you went out with one that
could happen any day to any journalist
that you could kind of go out with a
with a story that you've been given on
other people given and then you know not
watch it not and that that danger is
there all the time and the fact that the
New York Times the writers get it right
as much as they do is quite
extraordinary given the landscape that
were another thing that was so
extraordinary to me was the the
transparency I mean they really gave you
access to go there even in some of their
most difficult moments that they were
confronting as as a paper yeah Dean Beck
a said he thought the best way to
respond to him attack was to be
transparent I mean whatever anybody's
accusing them of even with mistakes
warts and all it's not going to be as
bad as what they're being accused of so
transparency was the answer and I think
it was smart because what you see are
just people going to work every day
doing their best and mostly getting it
right do you find Liz and we know a lot
of the
reporters that you've highlighted in the
documentary did you find that they
absorb the attacks from Donald Trump is
it on their mind when they're reporting
do they care about it does it feel
important to them that they're under
assault from the president it doesn't I
don't think it really affects their
day-to-day comportment and the way they
go about during their job I mean the
stakes have always been high when you
get something wrong at a newspaper like
New York Times or any of these big
institutions they're huge repercussions
it doesn't happen that much when they do
that they correct it they take it very
seriously I think the stakes are higher
now so I think that weighs on people but
you know you don't see them kind of
really paying attention to it or
engaging in it you know Mary Baron said
you know the president has war but we as
journalists are at work and that's what
you see let me play devil's advocate
with the other side would say well yes
but these people are left-leaning by
nature so how can they be objective even
if they're trying to be they vote a
certain way they're intellectually calm
certain place how are they not just
leaning a little left as their reporting
you know journalists are human beings
and of course they they may vote some
don't vote that they may vote and they
may go out there and express that but I
think that what you know and Dean has
said this to you the natural state of
affairs between the press and power
should be one of tension it should be
one of holding them accountable you know
they obviously went after Hillary
Clinton with a lot of passion right so I
think that that is the natural state of
affairs between the press and power and
yes with this president with a lot of
misstatement attacks it's you feel that
tension even more so but I think it is
the natural state of affairs you know
you know Mika maybe most journalists are
center-left a lot of surveys have shown
that through the years but you talk to
Hillary Clinton supporters they're just
as angry at the New York Times Maya
Smith's tough reporting literally at the
2015 and 16 campaign so the New York
Times got it from both sides and The
Times is still getting hammered from
Democrats and Hillary Clinton supporters
for their tough fair coverage in the
2016 election cycle all four episodes
emmy-nominated documentary series the
Fourth Estate available across Showtime
platforms and Liz Garbus thank you very
much for your work appreciated thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
