Devon Nunez is Donald Trump's biggest
congressional defender on the Russia
probe he's now under fire not from
critics but for his own words Nunez
caught on a secret tape first reported
by Rachel Maddow of MSNBC admitting that
he prejudges the molar probe that he
sees House Republicans as quote the only
ones who can defend Trump regardless of
what evidence or crimes Muller finds new
news was already discredited a Russia
investigator over ethics charges that he
was coordinating with the White House he
claimed the temporary crew use himself
from running the probe now what's new
here is that Nunez is bluntly admitting
how he views his partisan role he's
laying out a new calendar for when he
wants to kneecap the Muller probe and
assuring donors there is still a plan to
impeach Muller's boss rod Rosenstein so
listen to this part because he says the
key is simply that it kicks in after
november it's a matter of it's a matter
of time
is a major claim for the Republicans
Intel committee chair to make that a
plan to abuse congressional power to
undercut a national security
investigation is just a matter of timing
Nunez is laying out a strategy that is
one part Richard Nixon one part Wyclef
Jean with a ballad proposing that
Republicans who want to prematurely shut
down Muller should hold back for now and
basically be gone till November then
they can lash out at the probe after
confirming their Supreme Court justice
handpicked by Trump now Nunez did not
know his words were being recorded when
he was a serenading the GOP faithful at
that private event basically assuring
them I'll be gone til November I'll be
gone til November
yo tell my donors I'll be gone till
November now Nunez has not retracted
this plan in fact today his spokesman
called the remarks that were caught on
tape quote routine observations and
that's just false there's nothing
routine about admitting that you plan to
engineer the first impeachment of a DoD
official DOJ official overseeing a
special counsel in all of American
history it is suspicious and telling
that Nunez wants to shut down this probe
before even finding out if say Americans
are charged for conspiracy or espionage
or colluding with foreigners and that
brings us back to a final line from gone
till November which may apply more to
Muller than Nunez commits treason then
I'll have a reason to hunt you down now
we don't know if more crimes will be
charged but that would certainly be a
crime that warrants hunting before or
after November back with me is Christina
Greer as part of our serious news
coverage and also with me is ty Kelly a
former federal prosecutor and former DOJ
lawyer where she worked for guess who
rod Rosenstein thank you both for being
here Thank You ty when you look at this
plan as stated in Nunez his own words
how appropriate
would this be given the rationale that
he states well look you said it best
right I mean there's never been an
peach meant of a Deputy Attorney General
I think there's been eight successful
impeachments in the history of any
brought by the house but what's more
interesting from a legal perspective is
that the impeachment proceedings are
based on a run-of-the-mill subpoena
dispute mm-hmm I mean subpoenas are
negotiated narrowed argued about every
single day and my criminal defense
practice I probably talk about one every
single week about the scope and the
breadth you hear the saying the kitchen
sink and that is part of the process to
try to narrow the scope try to figure
out the timing try to figure out how
appropriate is and how many times you
have to meet with people and that's a
really normal part of the process so for
that to have escalated into an
impeachment is really legally the more
significant part and so there's the idea
as you put it so well that this isn't
rational or meritorious basis to do such
a historic impeachment there's the extra
negative evidence that Nunez is outing
himself as seeing this purely
politically which appears inappropriate
then there's the question where even if
they don't pull it off does this get
inside mr. Rosen Stein's head does this
affect him as he has to carry out his
nonpartisan duties and since you work
with him we're curious about your input
on that to add into the mix let's take a
look at one of the times we saw him
battle back against some of these
partisan questions at a hearing take a
look I am the Deputy Attorney General
United States
okay I'm not the person doing the
redacted your statement that I'm
personally keeping information from you
trying to conceal information toward the
boss mr. Rosas nine that's correct
and my job is to make sure that we
respond to your concerns we have sir I
think that House Representative is going
to say otherwise but your use of this to
attack me provided you - that's not
personal
do you think these efforts even if they
don't remove him could impact the way he
does his job or intimidate him no
absolutely not
rod Rosenstein is a rule of law he takes
his job as seriously as anyone and I
think that he will continue to do
everything he can to do his job with
integrity and to move forward without
the
distraction and anything else going on
in any sort of impeachment process or
any other distraction
Christina your view of this we've
covered why it seems legally
inappropriate the politics of this at a
fundraiser as a midterm message for the
Republicans it's really dangerous and
obviously on this show and other shows
people have compared the moment we're in
to Watergate and I don't think there's a
comparison I think that we're much
deeper than that and in a much more
crucial time period during Watergate we
at least had Republicans who said
there's something not right about this
particular president even though he's in
our party and we will actually need to
do what the Constitution implores us to
do which is to uphold the separation of
powers right and serve as a check on the
executive branch we're not seeing that
now and this is exactly what George
Washington warned us about in 1796 in
his farewell address he talks about
hyper partisanship and parties and how
it will erode at the sort of very
delicate fabric of American democracy
and we're seeing just how fragile our
democracy is because Trump is leaning on
the line of not just legality but what
it means to be an American you're making
me want to go reread that George
Washington speech will I will I feel
better or worse I don't know how you
will feel but you can you can fit it on
my class on Tuesdays I feel like we get
to sit in on your class when you come
here and and bless us with your
political science but that's an
interesting one and more your your
viewers to look it over
fantastic hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
