n-b-c national security analyst but of
course a former FBI special agent author
of messin with the enemy surviving in a
social media world of hackers terrorists
Russians and fake news in Clint this
isn't social media hacking this is just
good old-fashioned cell phone hacking
just quickly explain to me the
technology here when we say the Chinese
are listening in on his cell phone so
he's on there talking with Steve
Schwarzman his buddy
I'm talking about high finance maybe
they're talking about trade policy are
they Chinese listening in real-time walk
us through the technological process
yeah one of the weaknesses of our
cellphone architecture is really the
towers and the signals that traffic
through them so when we talk about
hacking we're not necessarily talking
about this phone they're not necessarily
inside that phone what they're doing
instead is probably going through the
network your signals actually go out on
parallel networks when you make phone
calls one is the signal to make the call
the other one is the actual
communication that follows along what we
always hear about and if you remember
back to that where Snowden leaks it
talked about how governments were
tapping into each other's phones you
know maybe we're listening to Angela
Merkel or whoever it might be what they
do is they go in and they hack into the
actual telephone networks those towers
and signals and they intercept it
because of the way the encryption was
set up long ago
dating back to the 1990s in the early
cellphone days those networks were not
that strong and it used to be just the
telecoms that controlled it but now with
the internet there are hundreds and
thousands and millions of switches each
is an entry point and you can't secure
all those there's essentially you can
double up on lines and we've seen
stories in the past where even US
officials US ambassadors one was the
u.s. Ambassador to to Ukraine are
essentially getting their calls
intercepted and recorded and then they
are dumped out onto the Internet you
never necessarily know who did the
hacking but that's essentially how it
works and I think in this case when
we're talking about the president's
three cell phones that's what's going on
as well ironically he clearly knows he
gets the warning he did a an interview
at The Wall Street Journal last week and
he was talking about receiving an
intelligence report on the Saudi
investigation and and here's what he
said in response to a question about the
Saudis he said they have a lot of
information
I actually said don't give it to me on
the phone I don't want it on the phone
as good as these phones are supposed to
be and then it was a laughter in the
room so he's been warned on this he's
doing it anyway look presidents do that
they hate the contraptions how hard is
it to take a regular iPhone and make it
secure and secure it from the Chinese or
is it just something that that it has to
be some or sophisticated operation that
the White House has to do yeah so if you
go back to all presidents now in recent
memory or candidates for that matter
have one inconvenience over security and
if you remember this was a big debate
when President Obama took office he was
in Blackberry attic allegedly you know
they they told him he had to you know
remove it he did ultimately because I
think he realized what was going on and
then they talked about giving President
Obama a special iPhone you know no
microphone no camera no apps no
downloads no music it's basically just
an encrypted phone that can communicate
in a limited way and if he needed to
make a real call he would probably
always move to a landline or an
assistance phone in this case the
problem we have is the president likes
to do what the president likes to do and
so he basically is the champion of
indirect confessions which is what that
Wall Street Journal comment was I know
I'm not supposed to do this but you know
one of the remarkable things I saw in
the article is that it said that the
president sometimes calls like you had
mentioned Sean Hannity or Fox News
correspondents
so that he can get around aids in the
White House knowing what's going on that
means that foreign adversary maybe knows
about the call and what was said on the
call and not the people in the White
House that's it's truly extraordinary
and can be really tough from the defense
standpoint so any of these apertures
anything that's out there we've said it
whether it's his tweets where we can
really read his thoughts and sort of
think about his cycle of linguistics to
his potentially unsecured phone calls
it's an open door and the goal whether
it's the Chinese or the Russians is to
influence the president through friends
I thought that was remarkable it can
happen on social media and it can happen
in real life through telephone calls as
well Clem watts one thing we've learned
about this president he is the
definition of open source everyone
they it all is and maybe that's this is
just an extension of that Clinton watts
as always sir thanks for sharing your
expertise and explaining it to us hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
