minutes ago Vice President Mike Pence
unveiled detailed plans for president
Trump's call to create a new branch of
the military called the space force
speaking at the Pentagon the vice
president said the plan is to establish
a united states department of space by
2020 the time has come to establish the
United States space force and that's
what brings us here today seven weeks
ago President Trump directed the
Department of Defense to immediately
begin the process necessary to establish
a space force as the sixth branch of the
Armed Forces president made it clear
that our ultimate objective is to create
a new branch of our military that's
separate from an equal to five other
branches it be clear the space force
will not be built from scratch because
the men and women who run and protect
our nation's space programs today are
already the best in the world since the
dawn of the Space Age America has
remained the best in space our
adversaries have transformed space into
a war fighting domain already in the
United States will not shrink from this
challenge now the administration can't
just unilaterally order the Defense
Department to create a new military
service Congress has to be involved and
the vice president said the
administration is already working with
congressional leaders to do just that he
said the president's next budget will
include funding as a first step that the
vice president said a new assistant
secretary of defense for space position
would be created joining me live now
retired astronaut and Navy combat
veteran captain Mark Kelly Hill
commanded the final mission of the space
shuttle Endeavour he is the husband of
former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords that
would be interesting to see how she
would react to this as a member of
Congress so let me ask you because I
know back in June I think it was you
called creating a new military branch
called the space force a dumb idea so
now you've got the vice president going
out there he's announcing it what do you
think people need to know well I
certainly still stand by my dumb idea
comment that I made about seven weeks
ago
you know the the Air Force Space Command
already does this it's at Peterson Air
Force Base in Colorado they do this with
about 20,000 people might sound like a
lot but compared to the size of the
other branches of the military it's
relatively small because and its size
you know the way it needs to be for the
threat the Vice President was right
there is a threat out there right before
my third space flight the Chinese
launched a kinetic kill vehicle and shot
down one of their own satellites at 500
miles created a big mess for us on our
mission and and four satellites in
general there is a threat out there but
it's being handled by the US Air Force
today doesn't make sense to build a
whole nother level of bureaucracy in an
incredibly bureaucratic DoD does ascent
is essentially you're concerned that
what happens then since there again
there are some elements of this in all
of the different branches of the
military but as you say most of it's in
the Air Force does it the net effect
become that you essentially have two
smaller maybe less powerful even maybe
less efficient branches well I think
what you would do is you would pull the
Air Force Space Command out of the Air
Force give it a new name give them new
uniforms and they would continue doing
the same job that they do today but you
would add a lot of civilian staff and
you know appointed positions in
Washington DC you know more payroll they
say this is going to be budget neutral
well to add the bureaucracy you're gonna
have to take away money from somewhere
else where it's probably being used on
the front line somewhere so just doesn't
make a lot of sense it's not like you
know you know to project power overseas
with a navy we put people and ships out
there you know along the shores with the
Marine Corps the army is 400,000 people
it takes a lot of people to operate in
space that is not true that's why the
currently it's about a force of about
20,000 within the Air Force so let me
make the simplistic argument the
the easiest one that we hear on the
other side and that is we need to lead
we need to keep secure spaces in many
ways at least in terms of defense a
burgeoning frontier and putting special
emphasis on that a branch of the
military that is focused only on that
and not other things make sense what
would you say to that argument I mean I
hear with I hear the argument and I
would say if there are areas where we
were falling short at this point maybe
it would make sense to do that you know
and I'm a Navy guy right I'm not usually
the person out there commending the
airforce for a you know anything where
you know we're rival services but they
do a really good job at this and they've
done it for a long time they understand
it really well and to remove this from
the Air Force well first of all I don't
think they're gonna like it and you know
it's a little bit of an insult to them
and it is an area where we continue
should we should continue to focus on
China especially as a rising threat in
space we've got to protect you know our
capability there but we can do this
within the US Air Force today it was
interesting has because mattis told
reporters we are in complete alignment
with the president's concern about
protecting our assets in space that
contribute to our security to our
economy and we're going to have to
address it as other countries show a
capability to attack those assets which
is different from saying this is the
greatest idea since sliced bread what
are you hearing I mean is there anybody
within the military who thinks this is a
fantastic idea the only person that I've
heard say this is a fantastic idea is
the commander in chief the President of
the United States everybody else as it's
redundant it's wasteful we don't have
the the need out there right now I would
have hoped he would have waited a few
more years to get a little bit more
educated on what our military
capabilities currently are and what the
threats are out there I think there's a
little
bit of lacking of understanding in in
the White House at the highest levels at
this point obviously general mattis
wasn't sold on this idea I don't think
he still is today and others within DoD
as well I haven't heard of any big fans
out there for this
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
