when Donald Trump's campaign handlers
told him to say he would drain the swamp
in Washington he didn't understand what
drain the swamp meant he had never heard
that phrase before he didn't want to use
it but then he read it on the
teleprompter at one of his rallies and
the crowd went wild because they
understood what it meant clean up all
the dirty lobbyists driven and money
driven corruption in Washington and the
way Donald Trump promised to do that was
to put a rich guy in charge in the White
House who could not be bribed and then
he would hire other rich guys who could
not be bribed I love all people rich or
poor but in those particular positions I
just don't want a poor person does that
make sense does that make sense and so
Donald Trump hired the richest Secretary
of Commerce in history who Forbes
magazine is now calling among the
biggest grifters in American history and
today the first Republican member of
Congress to endorse Donald Trump for
president Chris Collins was arrested and
charged with insider trading and
lighting to the if lying to the FBI he
pleaded not guilty today in federal
court in Manhattan prosecutors allege
that congressman Collins shared inside
information with his son about a biotech
company in which they were both heavily
invested congressman Collins son and his
son's wife and family members
immediately sold off their stock
avoiding seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars in losses when the
stock lost 90% of its value as soon as
the inside information which was bad
news for the company became public
information a few days later prosecutors
say that congressman Collins actually
made phone calls to his son to pass
along the inside information while he
was at a White House congressional
picnic last year there's video of him at
that picnic with the phone to his ear
making those phone calls Democratic
Senator Ron Wyden said the Collins
indictment represents everything Trump
and his Republican allies in Congress
have stood for since taking office
insiders getting special deals while
working Americans are left in the dust a
new report in Forbes magazine says that
Forbes has uncovered a pattern
about the Trump Secretary of Commerce
Wilbur Ross over several months in
speaking with 21 people who know Ross
Forbes uncovered a pattern many of those
who worked directly with him claimed
that Ross wrongly siphoned or outright
stole a few million here and a few
million they're huge amounts for most
but not necessarily for the Commerce
Secretary at least if you consider them
individually but all told these allergy
allegations would sparked lawsuits
reimbursements and sec fine come to more
than 120 million dollars cars when Chris
Collins who was charged with insider
trading and lying to federal agents
today refused to take questions tonight
when he made a brief statement to the
press
I believe I acted properly and within
the law at all times with regard to my
affiliation with an 8 throughout my
tenure in Congress I have followed all
rules and all ethical guidelines when it
comes to my personal investments
including those with an 8 during our
discussion now Dan Alexander reporter
for Forbes magazine and Tim O'Brien
executive editor of Bloomberg opinion
author of Trump nation the art of being
the Donald Timmons an MSNBC contributor
and Dan Alexander I wanna start with you
and your extraordinary reporting on
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and I
have to say being familiar with Wilbur
Ross's business and his business history
I have been waiting since he was
nominated to be the Secretary of
Commerce for the dam to break on the
multiple very swampy involvements and
business history of Wilbur Ross and you
seem to have done it with these
interviews and the pattern of business
he engaged in before becoming secretary
and what he's done since becoming
secretary yeah you know there's a lot of
rich guys who getting sued for various
things but not like this not by so many
former partners by so many investors to
have such consistent allegations and to
have it all add up to such a significant
amount of
I mean 123 million dollars is a huge sum
for anyone including Wilbur Oz and Dan
just take us through what he was
supposed to do in terms of what he he
said he would do with his finances when
becoming Commerce Secretary and what he
actually didn't do
sure so like all public officials Wilbur
Ross made agreements before he took
office that he would divest the majority
of his holdings and in November of last
year he certified that he in fact had
done that on a sworn statement when in
fact he had not done that and instead
he's still owned more than ten million
dollars of stock in the parent company
of his former private equity fund
company called Invesco that he didn't
sell until about a month and a half
after that and he still held stock in an
air leasing company that he held onto
for more than a year after he was
supposed to and he had shorted a company
that he said that he thought that he had
an interest in so he was taking a short
to cancel out that interest but in fact
he didn't have an interest in it so the
short wasn't necessary all of this stuff
he said was a result of simple mistakes
but it's hard to believe that one of the
most sophisticated investors in the
country would make so many large
mistakes at so many different companies
Tim O'Brien how could this have gone
wrong for Donald Trump he told his
audience you don't want poor people
doing this kind of work you want rich
guys doing this kind of work you want
rich guys in Congress who can't be
corrupted like Chris Collins you want
rich guys in the cabinet like Wilbur
Ross right Lorenson so what we've
learned is that that Trump did not drain
the swamp he just filled it with bigger
alligators and and you know Dan's great
reporting which I admire so much is
really exposed just around the fact
pattern everything that's untoward about
real the Rosses holdings Wiley serving
it's the Commerce Secretary and there's
been a lot of really great reporting in
addition to Dan's around this and and
the list is almost so long it would be
impossible to get through it in this
program in addition of the stuff that
Dan has already pointed out
Ross was negotiating trade agreements
with China during a time when he
the company that was exporting natural
gas to China he had another a shipping
company that was doing business in China
and was partially owned by the Chinese
government
while he's overseeing trade policy with
China
he has another company took exporting
steel from South Korea at the same time
that the Trump administration is
imposing steel tariffs on some of our
competitors with giving South Korea an
exemption all of this stuff is it just
smells and it's amazing that's taking
this long for it to come to a head Dan
how long have you been working on the
Wilbur Ross story well there have been
many Wilbur Ross stories but I first
started covering him about a year ago
when we were looking to see how much
money he was worth and that was when we
uncovered that although he had been
claiming to us for years that he had
billions of dollars he in fact did not
and once you figured that out then sort
of all this other stuffs are unraveling
and as one investor told me I said once
you figure out that the guy is
essentially for lack of a better word a
fraud you figure out that anything that
he says really isn't quite correct Tim
O'Brien quickly take us inside the head
of Donald Trump tonight he's watching
Chris Collins charged with these crimes
along with his son does he see the
possible mirror of Donald Trump and
Donald Trump jr. because Chris Collins
son might be faced with the choice of do
I testify against my father
in order to stay out of prison that's
such a great observation Lawrence I have
to believe that some of that resonates
with Trump a lot of his behavior lately
I think lashing out on Twitter lashing
out against law enforcement officials is
because he can't control an
investigation in its entirety that's
also starting to target his son and may
eventually ensnare his son-in-law and
his daughter so he must be seeing this
with Collins and and and wondering about
all of those things
the other interesting thing in all of
this is is Wilbur Ross's behavior is
very similar it's very similar to
Trump's inflating their wealth treating
business partners poorly I think Trump
probably looks in the mirror and sees
Wilbur Ross
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
