we have got an exclusive story that
we've got to break ourselves here
tonight before we get to Chris Collins
and the other stuff that happened today
and our exclusive tonight concerns
another Republican in Congress who would
definitely make the finals in our
hypothetical pageant to choose the
member of Congress who was the
president's favorite before Donald Trump
was elected California Republican
congressman Devin Nunez was important
but he was a low profile member of
Congress low profile to the extent that
nobody really recognized him on sight
definitely nobody knew how to pronounce
his last name but even though
congressman Nunez was a relatively
anonymous member of Congress he still
did have a very important job he's the
head of the Intelligence Committee which
is a very big deal well since Trump was
elected Devin Nunez Trump supporter a
senior member of the Trump transition he
has turned that important job of leading
the Intelligence Committee into a
full-time crusade to try to derail the
russia' investigation by any means
necessary and to defend Trump in that
investigation at almost any cost
congressman Nunez has pressured the
Justice Department and the FBI into
making unprecedented disclosures of law
enforcement sensitive material and
classified information that's actively
being used in ongoing open
investigations congressman Nunez got
himself investigated by the Ethics
Committee for himself engineering and
elaborate stunt involving classified
information that he received from Trump
allies in the White House and then he
called a press conference to announce
that he was going back up to the Trump
White House to deliver to them this
shocking classified information that in
fact they had just given him the man has
been acrobatic to the point of
contortion in his efforts to make the
Russia investigation go away and to turn
the investigation of that attack into
itself a bigger scandal than the attack
in the first place and the president has
been very appreciative of congressman
noon as his efforts in this area a great
American hero a true American patriot
Devin Nunez
everyone's support vote for Devin Nunez
well tonight we have some news about
Devin Nunez one of the Republican
members of Congress who had an
unexpectedly tough time in a primary
last night is a senior member of the
Republican House leadership from
Washington State congresswoman cathy
McMorris Rodgers tonight we have
obtained an audiotape that was made at
one of her final fundraisers before last
night's difficult primary now we
obtained this audio from a progressive
group called fuse Washington someone
from that group paid to attend this
cathy McMorris Rogers fundraiser and
made this recording at the event this
fundraiser was held last week it was
held on Monday of last week it was a
closed press event because of that what
happened at this fundraiser has not been
reported anywhere simply because
reporters were explicitly not allowed in
when this thing happened last week but
tonight we have obtained the tape of
what happened at that fundraiser and on
that tape you will hear congresswoman
cathy mcmorris rodgers a little bit you
will mostly hear the Republican chairman
of the House Intelligence Committee
congressman Devin Nunez who was her
guest at that fundraiser trying to raise
funds for her for her reelection battle
at this event congressman Nunez somewhat
radically veers from the script or he's
supposed to be you know raising money
for cathy McMorris Rogers and
encouraging cathy McMorris Rogers cath
McMorris Rogers has supporters to be
enthusiastic about her candidacy he
veers from that script as you will hear
and he instead makes lengthy and
controversial remarks about the Trump
White House and specifically about the
Russia investigation now these are not
the kinds of things that Devin Nunez
usually says in public again this was an
event that was closed press it was held
behind closed doors for these Republican
donors only so these remarks from Devin
Nunez were never supposed to be made
public as far as he and cathy McMorris
Rogers knew presumably they thought they
never would become public but we have
now obtained them we believe these
remarks are newsworthy we believe they
are in fact revelatory in several
instances and so I'm going to make those
remarks public
right now so here goes we're gonna sort
of go smaller to medium-sized to big
here
first thing to know about the way
congressman Devin Nunez talks behind
closed doors when he thinks there will
be no press coverage of what he says is
that for all of his very public very
fulsome expressions of fealty and
support for president Trump turns out
when he's speaking behind closed doors
he's willing to say that he's actually a
little embarrassed by President Trump
that the president statements
sometimes make him cringe so this is the
first clip from Devin Nunez this is in
the context of congressman Nunez
criticizing the Russia investigation and
specifically talking about the recent
news that the president's statements on
Twitter might be cited as evidence in
that investigation
congressman Devin Nunez sometimes we
cringe on the president's tweets
substantively who could possibly take
issue with that right in real political
terms though the president probably will
take issue with that given especially
the way the president has used Twitter
specifically to hype up support for
congressman Devin Nunez known as we now
know tells campaign donors behind closed
doors at private events that the
president's tweets make him cringe more
substantively though the White House
will also want to know that while
congressman Nunez has been the single
lead antagonist of the Russia
investigation in Congress while
congressman Nunez has done more than any
other congressional Republican to try to
Monkeywrench
the Robert Miller investigation and the
FBI and the Justice Department more
broadly in order to protect president
Trump in his campaign turns out
even congressman Nunez
behind-closed-doors is willing to
concede that if anyone in the united
states had anything to do with the
release of emails and documents that
were stolen during a campaign that
unequivocally would be a criminal that's
criminal just in case it's not clear
here the reference to the Portuguese
here you hear a little chuckle there
it's not because congressman Nunez is
saying that Portugal did anything wrong
right
the congressman himself is of Portuguese
descent he's explaining here that he's
using Portugal as a hypothetical example
of a country interfering and our
elections that's why you've got the
Portugal Portuguese references here but
just just can we just play the black
rear rack and just play the last part of
that again if that's the case then
that's criminal
again substantively it is hard to argue
with the idea that it is bluntly
criminal for anybody to have been
involved in the dissemination of stolen
emails as part of a political campaign
substantively we agree right but with
federal prosecutors now claiming in a
federal indictment that WikiLeaks and DC
leaks and goose' 42.0 we're the means by
which stolen emails were actually
disseminated during the presidential
election
and with lots of still accruing evidence
that people associated with the Trump
campaign and the president's family and
the President himself helped in that
dissemination during the campaign it
cannot help that the lead opponent of
the Russia investigation privately
concedes when he thinks nobody's
recording him that that sort of activity
if proven that would definitely be
criminal now we have a problem right
because if somebody stole the emails
gave them to Cathy Cathy released on
well if that's the case then that's
criminal
how does that line up with the Trump
campaign and what they did with
WikiLeaks and goose 42.0 in DC leaks
alright there's two other statements
from Devin unas at this closed or event
that are gonna make a little bit of news
here
this next one includes a little audio
cameo from the member of Congress whose
fundraiser Devin Nunez was speaking at
again cathy mcmorris rodgers is the
number four republican in house
leadership she's from washington state
this fundraiser from which we obtained
this audio is from Spokane Washington
and the fundraiser was held on behalf of
cathy mcmorris rodgers his reelection
campaign this fundraiser as I said was
last week last Monday the primary for
which she was getting Devon Nunez has
helped to raise money is actually a
primary date was held last night you
should know for context that that
primary went very badly for cathy
mcmorris rodgers look how close it was
this is a jungle primary so the top two
finishers will go to a runoff in the
general election in November but when
you are a longtime incumbent in a
Republican district and you're in the
number four leadership position in all
of Congress you're not supposed to only
squeak into your own primary runoff with
less than a single percentage point lead
over your Democratic challenger given
those results last night republican
cathy McMorris Rogers now looks like she
is in real danger of losing her seat
this fall well now when her constituents
decide whether or not they're going to
return her to Washington they will also
have this to chew on in addition to
everything else they already know about
their longtime member of Congress here
for the first time ever
is congressman Devin unas the tape that
you'll hear here is congressman Nunez
responding to a question from the
audience at this fundraiser the question
is about the Justice Department official
who oversees the robert muller
investigation Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein you might recall right
before they left for their summer recess
a couple of weeks ago a few hardline /
fringe pro Trump Republican members of
Congress actually introduced impeachment
proceedings against Deputy Attorney
General rod resin Stein that was greeted
with sort of slack-jawed stares by most
of mainstream most most of the
mainstream Beltway press and most
mainstream political figures the
Republican leadership in the house
led by House Speaker Paul Ryan quickly
made clear once those articles of
impeachment were introduced that really
the impeachment of Rod Rosenstein was
was a fringe interest it was not
actually a Republican congressional
priority yeah there might be these few
fringe members who were pursuing it but
that's not something that's going
anywhere
Paul Ryan basically immediately made
clear after those articles of
impeachment were introduced that the
Republican leadership was not on board
with that kind of a crazy stunt well now
we know that at a closed-door private
fundraiser last week congresswoman cathy
mcmorris rodgers
is part of the leadership she's a member
of the top leadership of the house you
will hear cathy mcmorris rodgers here
chiming in and appearing to agree with
Devin Nunez as Nunez explains to a
closed-door group of Republican donors
that actually there is a live house
Republican plan to impeach rod
Rosenstein they just don't want it to
seem like they're pursuing it now
they're waiting for two important things
to happen first and then their plan is
to go ahead so here's that tape you will
mostly here congressman Devin Nunez here
but there are two other voices in this
tape as well you'll hear at the top an
audience member asking the question that
starts this whole discussion and then at
one point in the middle of Devin Nunez
is response you will hear a woman's
voice interjecting that is the chair of
the House Republican Conference the
number four Republican and House
leadership newly embattled Republican
congresswoman cathy McMorris
because you have to eat well then you
decide what you want because it only has
so much time you've been to drop
everything and not confirm the Supreme
Court so the question is the timing of
it right before the election and start
to start with it it's a matter it's a
matter of time it's a matter of time
this again is audio that was recorded at
a closed door close press private
fundraiser for cathy McMorris Rogers
last week McMorris Rogers facing an
unexpectedly difficult fight to try to
hold on to her seat in Congress she only
won this primary last night for her seat
by less than one percent of the vote but
can we put do we have just the
transcript though we can put it by that
clip for a second dome right there have
been these public statements by the
Republican leadership in Congress that
they're not pursuing this crazy idea of
impeaching Rod Rosenstein but despite
those public statements here's cathy
mcmorris rodgers appearing to agree that
in fact they are going to pursue
impeaching rod Rosenstein once the
election is over
once they've got the new Supreme Court
justice installed now impeaching rod
Rosen Stein of course that has nothing
to do with rod Rosen Stein what it is is
the the the only option the one option
that the Republican Congress has to
really force the end of the Moller
investigation if they impeach and
forcibly remove from office
the man who oversees the Malheur
investigation that is how then they
could arrange the installation of
somebody else it could be put in place
in that same job who would shut the
investigation down it's really the only
thing
congressional Republicans could do to
stop the Moller investigation it's there
you know emergency break it's an extreme
even a crazy option and it has been seen
that way has been seen as extreme if not
crazy thus far in Washington at least in
public statements by House Republican
leadership in Washington but here's
evidence from this audio that the house
leadership is secretly on board with
this plan but for after the election and
they want to specifically sequence it so
it happens once president Trump's
nominee is safely installed on the
Supreme Court and that may be just about
wanting the Supreme Court nomination
fight to take precedence over everything
else it may also mean that they're
expecting the impeachment of Rod
Rosenstein to precipitate some kind of
constitutional crisis for which they
want to make sure they've got the new
Trump justice already ensconced on the
high court all right here's one last one
congressman Devin Nunez leads the
Intelligence Committee as I said that's
a really big deal it's a big
responsibility cathy McMorris Rogers
helps lead the whole Republican caucus
in Congress at this closed-door private
fundraiser for congresswoman McMorris
Rogers last week Devin Nunez spelled out
in quite blunt terms how he views his
role in Congress when it comes to the
Russia investigation and how he sees the
responsibility of all Republicans in
Congress when it comes to the Russia
investigation specifically why he sees
it as so important for them to keep
their majority so they keep control of
Congress in the elections
this is just from this fundraiser here
we go
we're the only ones that's the danger
can we just put again just put the
transcript of that again thank you if
sessions won't unruhe Q's and Muller
won't clear the president we're the only
ones if we do not keep the majority all
of this goes away so behind closed doors
when they don't think there's any
recording of what they're saying they've
been told there's no press they've been
they've disallowed the press from being
there it's a private publicans only
closed fundraiser the case they're
making is that they either need to stop
the investigation of the president they
need to stop the Russia investigation or
they need to keep using the power of
Congress to impede that investigation or
else write or quote all of this goes
away that's why they want to keep the
majority that's the stakes for them
keeping the majority they're using the
majority to impede the investigation if
they lose the majority the investigation
might go forward and then quote all of
this goes away so again we obtained this
audio from a progressive group called
fuse Washington someone from that group
paid to attend this fundraiser and made
this recording we of course asked
congressman Devin Nunez for comment he
has thus far not responded we hope that
he will we also asked congresswoman
cathy McMorris Rodgers for comment this
was her fundraiser after all her office
has not yet commented
and either although we hope that they
will we will let you know if we hear
back I'll also tell you we're gonna post
all of this audio and these transcripts
online tonight stay with us tonight more
to come
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
