last night's special election Ohio may
technically be too close to call it did
make one thing clear Trump in the
Republicans may be in trouble come
November the Ohio congressional seat has
been solidly red for more than three
decades but now a margin of less than
one percent separates the Republican and
Democratic candidates the big take away
this means good things for Democrats
Jennifer Rubin of the Washington Post
details why the GOP should be worried
quote running an essentially even race
in a district that should not remotely
be in play will pleased Democrats four
Republicans say a verdict complete
disaster but should keep preparing for a
big blue wave they need to worry about
more than 60 seats that are less
Republican than the Ohio 12 the panels
back Sam Stein still here Sam let me
start with you
it seems like we often over read the
results of any special election if you
if you prevail you read into it and
project onto it national import if you
come up short you make it local that
doesn't seem like an excuse the
Republicans have for this district being
this close does not mean anything good
for Republicans right now yeah and I
wouldn't just you know don't take just
this one race look at the totality of
races that have been done do the
congressional ones the state legislature
ones the Senate in each instance
Democratic turnout is far exceeding well
not far exceeding Democratic turnout is
percentage-wise greater than it was in
2016 and far greater than the Republican
growth and turnout and so what that
builds up to is a likely wave we don't
know if it's going to be across the
board but the more interesting thing to
me I guess from last night is that
Republicans find themselves in a little
bit of a box on the one hand Donald
Trump's incredible and popularity has
hurt the party politically obviously but
on the other hand they desperately need
him to turn out his voters and so after
last night he can conceivably say you
know what my visit on Saturday to
Delaware County helped gin up enthusiasm
enough that I was able to save the
Republican Canada in the race and I
think he can make that argument even
though the Republican candidate the race
should never have been that close to
begin with and what this means is that a
bunch of Republican candidates in very
difficult districts will now be left
with a very impossible choice which is
do i latch onto
the president or do I not and I don't
know if there's really great answers
there we got two strategists at the
table what do they do well it's really
good news for Kent Harbaugh is running
in the Ohio 7a u.s. Navy veteran in a in
a close race there because what it means
when you look at these midterm elections
there's only been three elections in 118
years where the incumbent president's
party has picked up seats this isn't
going to be one of them and what it
indicates is that no matter how deeply
read the district is you're not safe so
today there is panic amongst the
strategists at the House Campaign
Committee there is glee amongst the
Democratic strategists who were tapping
on the glass on a district they should
never been competitive in you served in
Congress and people still call you for
your advice what what what is the what
is the proper calibration on the good
news from last night without getting
overconfident well you know back in the
spring I said that I thought Democrats
we're gonna get 35 to 40 seats and I
think the map has been greatly expanded
even since then but it means that
Democrats also have to just focus on
their districts not on the larger
political narrative the national
political narrative but focus on their
districts that will is what was done in
in the Ohio district in Connor lambs
district in Pennsylvania and I think
there
Democrats will be able to capitalize on
the momentum and the energy that is
already there for Democratic voters
based on the national narrative that's a
real Apertura to do than say though I
spent a lot of time in the Trump
counties that flip for the first time I
went to Erie I went to pay city I went
to a lot of places that hadn't voted
Republicans since Reagan and it's the
right strategy but it's hard to execute
in a news climate where even the local
news leads with Donald Trump's most
outrageous act of the day I think it's
good look I mean it's always the case
that that for that the whoever's in the
White House is that we've now
nationalized all these race used to be
that you didn't miss or in the
nationalize midterm elections from 94 we
were talking about that earlier since 94
pretty much all these midterm elections
have been nationalized and they're
always about the occupant of the Oval
Office Donald Trump is the biggest
loudest most polarizing you know
all-consuming presidential occupant of
that
spot that any of us have ever known and
so of course every race is going to be
about that what's really different about
this race last night is you're gonna
rarely have a situation in which you're
gonna have a Republican who's gonna
benefit from two things simultaneously
one the president ginning up his base
and the other a mainstream Republican
popular anti-trump governor coming in
and endorsing you at the last minute and
going on television for you as was the
case Kasich I mean look it he'd be Barry
won by the narrowest of margins I know
we haven't officially called it yet out
but if he holds on he wins by the
narrowest of margins but he had to
figure out a world in which he could get
Donald Trump and John Kasich to both be
on his side at the last moment both
motivating and you're just not gonna see
that kind of concurrence in very many
places in America where Republicans are
in danger and Jean I'm guessing the
effect for a college-educated suburban
woman of having Kasich come in which
would be to sand off some of the most
offensive vile aspects of trumpism and
and for Kasich to finish seal of
approval how many other you're right I
mean how many other candidates are gonna
have sort of the Kasich numbing gel
probably not many like that but here's
what's gonna happen I mean Trump has
been trying desperately to sort of gin
up enthusiasm among his base that's
going to continue that's going to
intensify so the table is set for
Democrats but they do have to they have
to close the deal they and and they have
to and they have to anticipate that you
know not all Republicans are going to be
so depressed that they can't you know
bother to drag Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
