joining me now is a politician you might
say where is representative of that wing
of party maybe the Trump skeptic wing of
the Republican Party it's Ohio Governor
John Kasich he by the way represented
Ohio's 12th district in Congress for
nine terms Governor Kasich good to see
you sir yeah I also as governor had a
win in those I'm not some Chamber of
Commerce type look I'm a positive
populist I know you I heard you say that
I'd be come on I don't think the find in
me that no no but let me ask you this
there's obviously a slice of the
Republican Party you speak to better
than Donald Trump does and it's this
slice of the Republican Party that seems
to be wavering on him is that a fair
statement Chuck there's no question that
people sent a message to the party to
Republicans that knock it off the chaos
the divisions I mean kids being
separated from their parents at the
border he's crazy tariffs yeah we're
gonna take your health care we're gonna
kill Obamacare which means you not gonna
have any health care or you know if you
have a pre-existing condition well you
know you might be out of luck I mean
this is kind of what gets communicated
and what's happened here I cannot
describe to you how amazing it was that
the race was closed because this explain
that first because like Republican and
don't wear County Republican in Delaware
County would normally get about seventy
percent of the vote this was like 50/50
and so if you look at at how Donald
Trump did in the general in Delaware
County probably got around I don't know
65 or 70 but then this candidate gets
50% and it's because like a lot of
Republican women they don't like this
noise they don't like this division and
it was interesting what you're what one
of your panelists said about the
Democratic candidate I mean he was not
that forceful he was just not right they
neither other really emerged great and I
think it was a basically a vote on what
the people thought about trial that's it
should you say that you think it's been
eight I've been telling people that you
could characterize this race this is no
personal knock against either candidate
but that many voters saw it as generic
Democrat
versus generic Republican is that a fair
assessment in your view well I don't
know what that means Chuck but here's
what I do know I know that in areas
suburbs particularly where Republicans
would win the Republican lost I know
that there were these Republican women
that I've heard talking whenever I'm out
and about they they just were not either
not going to vote or they were in a vote
for Democrat I mean we may be in the
beginning of entering in some ways a
post partisan environment where people
are gonna stop listening stop listening
so much to the party and start taking
the measure of what they're seeing I
mean it's a really interesting time but
if you're not positive if you don't have
a vision if you don't unite people if
you don't lift people and you're not an
idea candidate you're gonna struggle and
maybe lose you up on another Sunday show
a fine broadcast you made mention you
said you said you had a conversation
with troy ball derson going why did you
ask
president Trump to come in and then you
said he didn't where do you fall do you
think president Trump's appearance on
Saturday helped O'Connor helped ball
derson or was it already baked in you
you know what what what I think Chuck is
I think the attention of the national
media got more people to vote I think
that happened I think that the fact that
there were leftovers because I would you
know which way you know which way no I
think it just got people but you see
again there were people who voted for
Trump who now are either not voting or
voting for the Democrat or you know you
have you have some of these Democrats
who kind of supported Trump who kind of
go back to their party I think here but
this was so close and so stunningly
close in a district look to the
congressman that was there before it in
the last election won by 17 points yeah
and this is a more and more Republican
district when I had it much more
Republican and it just you know even in
a special election this was there were
more votes in this special election and
people had anticipated but again when
you here's the challenge for the
Republicans if you are losing
college-educated
women if you are losing millenials if
you're losing minorities because you're
you're not getting much of that vote at
all you got a problem the Democrat
problem the question is they need to be
more center-left they're way out on the
left now this guy wasn't this guy who
ran here wasn't and it's a big market to
other Democrats about house you is more
moderate but it's let me let me and let
me let me ask you this it seems like
some Republicans simply because of the
makeup of their district and I think
that this district proved extra
challenging to mr. ball derson which is
to appeal to the Trump base to get them
fired up you actually turn off the
Delaware County suburban voter and to
convince them to come to you you might
turn off the Trump base is that is that
what the president's created here will
you have where a candidate has to make
this this basically impossible choice
okay Chuck Chuck if you're gonna be a
candidate why don't you figure out what
you're for let's not do all these
calculations like you're in the
laboratory and you got these test tubes
and if I dump one in the other figure
out what you are for and if that doesn't
work why do you want to win I mean why
would you run if you don't have a
passion for what you want to accomplish
and so you know my advice to candidates
I had a Democrat come in to see me the
other day he said what do you think I
should do I said well you have to be
mindful of your base but make sure that
Republicans and independents have
respect for you and that they can like
you and that means you conduct yourself
in a different way than if you're just
reporting to the party apparatus forget
it I've never done that you know in my
reelection Chuck I never attacked Barack
Obama I talked about health care I
talked about job growth
I want 86 out of Av County 88 counties
in this state so that's the message for
politicians in these be yourself have a
vision say let me ask you that and try
to be in touch with people is there any
is there you're not afraid of saying
when you disagree with the President and
you're pretty tough on them you're
pretty tough on it I'm sort of the
environment that's been created right
now because of some of this policy
choices
so I didn't ask listen many Republicans
are afraid of making that contrast do
you think that is making it if that is
why this swing suburban voter is
hesitant to trust a Republican candidate
for Congress that they're not afraid to
say about the president's policies what
you are what you're doing yeah but I
think they should stay away from
personality this is not about attacking
you know the president's first
personality this is about issues I mean
what I don't understand is if you're
Republican why aren't you standing up
and saying if you have a pre-existing
condition on health care we're gonna
make sure you're able to get health care
I mean if the president says no why are
you putting up with that when you see
family separation at the border why
don't you say it's wrong and these
tariffs or when we're overseas in the
and we're into this you know wrecking
ball foreign policy just say you don't
agree with it it if people don't like it
first of all you know I don't believe
you got a cater to anybody to win I
think you've got to be who you are and
say what you believe and Chuck if you
don't win guess what you'll have a
better life than if you do there is life
there is life after politics you've
pulled it off one before I let you go
your beloved Ohio State University is in
a tough position right now there's a
sexual abuse investigation involving the
wrestling program the Urban Meyer
situation where it is it is did he do
enough looking out for somebody who's a
victim of spousal abuse do you think
there's a cultural problem in the Ohio
State athletic program well first of all
let's let's find out what we know about
about coach Meyer and they now have Mary
Jo white as my understanding I haven't
seen you think this is do you think that
this investigation will be fair Oh
terms of Urban Meyer the answer is yes
now the wrestling problem and they and a
diving problem Chuck
it was at least a year maybe two years
ago when I asked my people to make sure
that in a university that students have
a place to go that is confidential when
they can report either an assault on
them because they may want to think
about prosecuting a little bit further
down the road or a place that they can
go where they can blow the whistle where
they can have confidentiality and we
have
ask the universities to be able to set
this up many of them are moving in that
direction not all of them were where we
want them to be but this has been an
issue across this country for a
significant period of time and the
universities have to make this a
priority I've got two daughters getting
ready to go to college here one who take
on Sunday and one three weeks late weeks
later I want them to know where they can
go and they can report and they can be
safe and they will not be compromised
did you feel comfortable country would
you feel comfortable if your daughters
were starting in a sporting program
about states that lack athletic programs
that they wouldn't be mature sure I
would sure yeah sure I would I am
confident in that but everybody needs to
up it everybody needs to look at it and
you need to examine it and that's what
we're trying to get them to do more
aggressively across the state ought to
be done across the country all right
Governor Kasich I appreciate you making
time for me today post-election I have a
feeling we'll beat always very soon
again sir hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
