welcome to a wild day of legal and
political developments surrounding who
else but the president one of his top
loyalists in the House was just arrested
on insider trading charges and a plot
that was so brazen and includes the
White House South Lawn by the way as it
was described by federal prosecutors
today that you have got to see it to
believe it
we'll have much more on this story in
this entire sort of culture of
corruption stench that's starting to
grow around the president coming up but
we're also going to talk about the
political fallout from the story as well
because the bigger story is that it
arguably couldn't come at a worse time
for House Republicans which is where we
begin tonight folks the anti-trump
midterm wave is on full display right
now and the president seems intent on
diving headfirst right into it Democrats
surged again in a reliably red district
that the president carried easily again
the Republican candidate Roybal derson
is barely eking out a lead after last
night's vote the result which we deem is
still too close to call
because there are more votes to be
counted than the margin between the two
candidates but this close results should
be a giant flashing warning sign for the
GOP they significantly outspent
Democrats in this district and the
president swooped in at the 11th hour on
Saturday to fire up the base today the
RNC said that event is what carried ball
derson across the finish line do you
think the visit on Saturday even kept
this thing close oh the visit on
Saturday is why we won well the
president also took credit for the
apparent victory today as you might
expect he would but that suggests that
the situation is even worse than some
Republicans feared because that kind of
rescue mission will be impossible to
replicate in foreign and 35 races this
November and if you had a base turnout
problem in this district then you have a
major problem so that's why not sure I
buy that but first part the president
today insisted as long as I campaign
and/or support Senate and House
candidates within reason they will win
and if I find the time which I must we
will have a giant red wave and a few
hours later this sweet red wave but
folks the results from last night
suggest that a suburban rebellion is
what
actually brewing right now and it's
brewing against this president the
Democratic candidate surge in Ohio 12
was powered by voters close to Columbus
and the suburbs of Columbus Ohio
Democrats significantly outnumbered
Republicans in last night's primaries in
another suburban area
Missouri's second district that includes
the st. Louis suburbs then you have
cathy McMorris Rogers barely eked out
the top spot last night in the jungle
primary out there in Washington which a
member of leadership whose districts
includes
the suburbs of Spokane Spoke can folks
if Republicans are going to struggle in
a district that touches the suburbs of
America's 100 and first largest city and
the struggle is gonna be real hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
