Elon Musk set off a flurry of
speculation and serious concern with a
single tweet it's like a trump move here
it is I'm considering taking Tesla
private at four hundred and twenty
dollars funding secured this single
tweet caused Tesla shares to spike up
11% by the end of the day and remember
this stock has a whole lot of short
sellers something like that hurts the
cryptic announcement came after an
exclusive report from the Financial
Times which revealed a new connection
between the electric car company and the
Saudi Arabian government the public
investment fund Saudi Arabia's sovereign
wealth fund has quietly accumulated a
stake of between three and five percent
this year in the company making it
Tesla's largest single public investor
now there are huge legal and technical
complexities and if musk is serious
about going private it is highly unusual
to simply throw out a tweet like that
but if nothing comes of this if there is
no deal and it was just a reactionary
tweet in response to critics which you
know he is hypersensitive of well then
Elon Musk could be facing some very
serious penalties for making public
statements that were untrue and
drastically moved the market that is the
kind of behavior specifically that the
SEC investigates joining me now one of
the Financial Times reporters who broke
this story on the Saudi stake
James Fontanella Khan first of all the
Saudis take in and of itself that's big
absolute from your reporting is there
any sign that the sovereign wealth fund
would want to go further and be that
buyer to take the company public well we
don't think they would go for the whole
seventy billion that like he's probably
got a raise to get this deal done if he
really intends to but they before
amassing the state they actually
contacted that mask about doing an
investment kind of raising some money
issuing more stock he was against a he
turned them away and so then they got
the help of JP Morgan to kind of buy the
stock over the course of a year but
seventy billion how does that even make
sense okay this is a company with
problems with the model 3 its negative
EBIT a-- who would want to do something
like that the board can say today well
Elon Musk
mentioned it last week mentioning
something last week and actually having
a strategic plan are two very different
things I could say George Clooney wants
to date me it means nothing he's not
calling anytime soon you're absolutely
right I mean wait so you think he's not
I didn't say that I mean you just said
you're absolutely right what I'm saying
is that basically he's the guy has not
really been very clear at all about his
plan the board they said that he kind of
floated the idea to them but in that
tweet that you mentioned he said I've
secured the financing that kind of
indicated that this was a bad thing but
how is that even legal when you say he
wasn't exactly clear he wasn't exactly
clear and it caused the stock to spike
11% when a CEO of a publicly traded
company has their earnings call every
last word is scripted vetted and run
through the compliance Department where
he thought at the beginning everybody
thought this was a prank which you know
you can't joke about a public company
there's like pension funds people who
put their savings in this in this
company one of the largest investors its
fidelity actively managed fidelity
they're not raising their hand saying
what gives I know either one musk has
made them a ton of money but give me a
break well the stock went up so nobody's
gonna probably complain right away but
you know you gotta believe that the SEC
is looking into this they haven't really
put a statement out but there's no way
this can I mean you don't want to
speculate I like a little mask but know
this can't really go under the radar but
you can't we can speak to Elon Musk and
a type of person he is this year he has
gone out pushed against Wall Street
analysts attacked not physically but
gone after journalists he is almost
obsessed with short sellers in the same
kind of obsession the president has
against his critics so we're not talking
about your average CEO here absolutely
the short sellers could lose up to four
billion dollars out of this whole
maneuver so I mean again you you'd
expect these guys getting ready to sue
the hell out of him because I mean it is
kind of suspicious and there's
definitely no set proposal the board
hasn't set up a committee to review
anything and he said oh we just need the
holder's to vote but vote on walk we
don't have a plan at the moment how
independent is this board oh not very I
mean this question marks he's done other
deals in the past which were
rubber-stamped rather is on the bully
yes so I mean didya says it all right
but the question is his brothers on the
board for an independent board of
directors
his brother correct so we'll have to see
I mean this is not going to be a smooth
ride for Fortezza
any Lamaze that's that's for sure hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
