these things can't take unexpected turns
we had thought based on on prosecutors
claims in court
that the Paul Manafort case wasn't going
to be at all about President Trump or
the Trump campaign and certainly not
about Russia
but today in open court in the Paul
Manafort case boy howdy did the trial go
to all of those places today in fact the
the mana for trial went a little bit
went a little nuts today I mean it's not
like it went nuts in the sense that it
went insane it just veered off in a lot
of directions at once Paul mana for its
defense attorney at one point elicited
from Trump's deputy campaign chairman
Rick gates that at some point a decade
ago mr. gates had had a secret
extramarital affair on which he spent
some of the money that he either earned
alongside Paul Manafort or embezzled
from Paul Manafort depending on how you
count the cash okay Rick Gates today
also testified to a lot of nitty gritty
details about how he helped how he
allegedly helped Paul Manafort
lie about his income both to evade taxes
and to obtain fraudulent loans from
banks
but despite prosecutors having earlier
asserted that the man of our case wasn't
gonna be about Russia and wasn't gonna
be about Trump and wasn't gonna be about
the Trump campaign the Manafort trial
did veer toward those places today
unexpectedly
now the swerve toward Russia took place
while prosecutors were conducting their
direct examination of Rick Gates so Rick
Gates is their own witness it's not a
hostile interaction between him and the
prosecutors they're doing a direct exam
of Rick gates and in that direct
examination prosecutors walked Rick
gates through something we previously
hadn't known about Paul manna forts work
in the former Soviet Union this is from
the transcript quote question from the
prosecutor you testified earlier about
payments from Ukrainian businessmen to
mr. manna for did that include payments
for policy work
answer from gates it did question okay
what type of policy worked at mr. manna
fort do in the Ukraine answer when
viktor yanukovych was elected president
when the party of Regents took control
Manafort entered into a policy contract
we describe it as policy advisory
a sense of once mr. Yanukovych was
elected he was elected on a platform of
issues so mana fort worked with the
local political officials there to help
implement those policy initiatives based
on those campaign promises question from
the prosecutor and was there an
agreement for a two year policy contract
or payments over a two year period of
time answer well it was it started out
as potentially once the president was
elected it was on an annual basis but
the belief was that it would be for the
duration of the president's tenure
question and in terms of those two years
at least what were the terms of the
payments what was the total amount what
were the installment payments answer
uh-huh
so the total amount was four million
dollars a year and I think one year was
actually changed again from a
denomination point of view to four
million euros per year that's new and
the reason that is a swerve toward
Russia today in this case is that I mean
what we previously knew about mana Ford
operating in Ukraine was that he was
being paid by Yanukovych and
Yanukovych's party to help him win
elections in Ukraine we didn't know that
Paul Manafort was also being paid four
million dollars a year or four million
euros per year once Yanukovych was in
office to manage his policies as the
leader of Ukraine right the reason
that's a swerve toward Russia is because
once Yanukovych was elected his policies
took a hard turn away from Europe and
toward Vladimir Putin the reason
Yanukovych was thrown out of office in a
popular uprising of the Ukrainian people
is because once he was in power he
turned hardline away from the EU and
toward Moscow apparently while we just
learned today Paul Manafort was being
paid four million dollars a year to
advise him on how he should govern in
Michael Isikoff and David Korins book
Russian Roulette they interviewed the
career State Department official who was
the senior diplomat on Russia in the US
government for years its coffin corn
asked her about what her reaction was
when she learned that Paul Manafort had
been named Trump's campaign chairman in
she said her answer was this quote
metaphor metaphor
she thought quote he's been a Russian
stooge for 15 years well today we
learned that man apart was not just
getting pro-russia politicians elected
overseas he was getting paid millions of
dollars a year to manage the policy
positions of at least one overseas
politician while that guy changed the
direction of his country to align itself
with Putin and Russia so that was a
surprise revelation today why Trump pick
him and then there was just this this
one last thing again
prosecutors have gone out of their way
to say that the Manafort trial wasn't
gonna be about Trump or the Trump
campaign that is also where it went
today though and if you've been paying
close attention to the mana port drama
as it's been unfolding you might have
seen some of this coming for a while
we've at least been reporting on the
disparate pieces of it as they've sort
of come across the horizon as we've all
been paying attention to Paul Manafort
today all of those pieces finally fit
together in court the first piece that
we saw this was when we learned about
what happened on the day that Paul
Manafort quit the Trump campaign in
August 2016 under a cloud of revelations
about his work in the former Soviet
Union he quits the Trump campaign that
same day Paul Manafort somehow also
found time to set up a company an LLC
called summer breeze that was weird
right you'd think he'd have other
priorities the day he was quitting
running the Republican nominees campaign
for president but he found time that day
to set up a summer breeze then we
learned that summer breeze received
multiple loans totaling something like
16 million dollars over a period of just
a few months after he left the campaign
and he got that 16 million dollars in
multiple loans from a tiny little bank
in Chicago
those 16 million dollars worth of loans
to Paul manna fourths summer breeze
we're kind of a strange for a for that
little bank it represented a very large
portion of the loanable assets from that
bank that Bank was set up explicitly to
cater to u.s. veterans Paul Manafort is
not a veteran so all these little weird
pieces about the manna fort story could
sort of tell that eventually they'll fit
together
but we couldn't tell how then in March
of last year the Wall Street Journal
gave us another piece
they were first to report on a strange
detail involving the founder and CEO of
that Bank that had given mana forts
summer breeze company the 16 million
dollars in loans the journal reported
that the CEO of that Bank was quote
vying to become Trump's army secretary
hmm that was a weird detail that made no
sense for months but then this year in
February we got more almost unbelievable
laugh-out-loud detail about that weird
fact quotes around the time his bank
made the mana fort loans in late 2016
and early 2017 Stephen caulk was seeking
to become mr. Trump's army secretary
Stephen caulk the CEO of the bank quote
mr. was placing calls to the
Pentagon and specifically to army
headquarters asking for briefings to
prepare himself for a possible job quote
mr. Cox overtures to the army raised
questions among military leaders as to
how to respond he's calling the army
saying I'm ready to be briefed for my
new job Army's like sorry your name is
what then three days after that
reporting about him calling the Pentagon
about his new job
a local ABC station in Chicago was first
to report that those sketchy loans from
this little bank to Paul Manafort had
turned up of all places as an issue in
the divorce filings for that little bank
president and his soon-to-be ex-wife
well former Trump campaign chairman Paul
manna forts name has been dragged into a
high-dollar Chicago divorce case quote
the divorce case involves Chicago
bankers Stephen caulk founder and CEO of
the Federal Savings Bank and indeed we
on this show later obtained these court
documents from that divorce case I think
these have never been shown on TV before
but these documents in fact show that as
part of the divorce proceedings
involving this Bank CEO his wife's
attorneys specifically subpoenaed in
their divorce case quote the entire loan
file for any and all loans made to Paul
Manafort or any agent representative or
third-party on his behalf
the wife's attorneys then updated the
subpoena later to
quote records evidencing the source of
funds used to fund any and all loans
made to Paul Manafort summer breeze LLC
or any agent representative or third
party on his behalf
why are the Paul Manafort loans turning
up in the bank CEOs divorce filings what
is his wife want the loans to Paul
Manafort to be explained as part of the
divorce
how does that next piece of the puzzle
came when a federal judge in man affords
case surprise unfilled the names of five
witnesses who'd been offered immunity in
exchange for their testimony for
prosecutors against manna for two of the
five witnesses granted immunity in
exchange for their testimony turned out
to be employees of this same little Bank
in Chicago that made these loans why'd
they need immunity so we've seen all of
these pieces of this puzzle falling into
place over the past more than a year now
well today in court they finally all got
fitted together rick gates on the
witness stand he gets confronted with
exhibit number 399 this email was dated
Thursday November 24th 2016 subject
Defense Department surface secretaries
from Paul Manafort to Ric gates and then
this is the total of the email quote
Rick we need to discuss Steve caulk for
Secretary of Army I hear the list is
being considered this weekend signed
Pete I mean as crazy as that has seen
from the very beginning as far-fetched
and laugh-out-loud ridiculous as this
allegation has seemed ever since it was
hinted at in the press that there was
some connection between Paul Manafort
weird bank fraud allegations and his
time on the Trump campaign and the army
it really looks like one of the things
that happened on the Donald Trump for
president campaign is that the campaign
chairman really did apparently sell the
promise of a job running the United
States Army in exchange for cash that
apparently really happened I wonder how
the army feels about that and that
leaves me with one last question and
we'll get some expert legal advice here
in a second that may be able to answer
this last point after that email is
produced in court today about the Trump
campaign apparent and apparently selling
this would be job offer to run the army
the defense counsel for Paul Manafort
asked Rick gates in open court if
anybody else from the special counsels
office had questioned him about his own
work on the Trump campaign this is from
the transcript this is Paul Manafort
lawyer
Kevin downing questioning Rick gates
question now in terms of your
cooperation with the Office of Special
Counsel after you took your plea did you
have occasion to be interviewed by other
members of the Office of Special Counsel
about the Trump campaign answer by Rick
gates
yes question and were you interviewed on
several occasions about your time at the
Trump campaign interjection from the
prosecutor Greg Andres objection your
honor
the judge says all right do you need to
come to the bench prosecutor mr. Andres
says please the judge says all right you
may do so and then this is the next
thing in the transcript look at that
pages $13.99 through 1405 are filed
under seal six pages of discussion at
the bench sealed and we're not allowed
to see what happened next so the judge
brings the lawyers up to the bench to
discuss the matter without the jury
hearing it does not end up in the
transcript we don't know what happened
and then they adjourned for a long
recess thereafter Paul Manafort case has
now become a case that in part is about
the Trump campaign not just because
manna Forbes Trump's campaign chair
prosecutors themselves went there today
by essentially offering evidence in
court that Trump's campaign chairman was
offering the job of running the US Army
for sale for cash why are they then also
objecting to any further discussion
about the Trump campaign during this
trial I have a feeling that tells us
something important about what's about
to happen next but we should also
probably get a really good lawyer here
to decode it for us we shall do so
coming up stay with us hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
