the Trump administration swore on
immigrants has been waged so far on two
fronts there's been of course the cruel
treatment of undocumented immigrants
people showing up the border asking for
asylum including the separation of
children from their parents at the
southern border as the latest report 572
kids taken from their parents are still
separated from their moms and dads but
what's gotten less attention is the
administration's systematic assault on
the rights of documented and authorized
immigrants today NBC News revealed that
in the coming weeks the administration
is expected to issue a proposal that
would make it harder for legal
immigrants to become citizens or get
green cards if they have ever used a
range of popular public welfare programs
including subsidies on Obama care
exchanges it is not an accident this
proposal is being floated in an election
year
president Trump and his hardline
immigration czar Stephen Miller appear
to believe their war on immigrants even
legal ones will energize their base
ahead of the midterms joining me now to
discuss whether that's a good bet New
York Times columnist Michelle Goldberg
and former Obama speech writer John
Favreau co-founder of crooked media host
of the new podcast the wilderness which
I have to recommend as a podcast
connoisseur myself is excellent you
should check out the wilderness it's
really good work so I think John there
is that I think Miller and Kovac and the
president all the people think like this
is our special power like if we like you
the ms-13 is coming for you and your
loved ones and the Democrats are gonna
be like letting them run wild and I just
think they're what do you think about
that strategy I mean they tried that in
Virginia with Gillespie's race and it
didn't work it was all ms-13 ads all the
time Ralph Northam one there look I
think this is their business is their
best strategy right now but it's not
necessarily a winning strategy as we've
seen at least like it's gonna rile up
the base obviously but I don't I don't
really think it's gonna get him across
the finish line and a lot of this in a
lot of the districts and states that
they need yeah and the New York Times
reporting on this was interesting Alex
burns on Ohio 12 which is basically
bothers and starts by being like I'm a
good Christian and I'm a family man and
I like got the budget and Control in
Ohio everyone's like boring we don't
care and it's like
this is what these are this is what he's
closing with check out this at the
liberal resistance is demanding open
borders they want to eliminate the law
enforcement agency that enforces our
immigration laws opening America's doors
to more crime and drugs and they want
Danny O'Connor's help Michelle like
that's what that's what they've ended up
on well I think that you know there's
been this debate going on ever since the
catastrophe of trunks election about
what motivated it right what motivated
these people to choose as manifestly
unfit man was it kind of quote unquote
economic anxiety or was it you know
racial grievance and he I think Trump we
know now what the Trump campaign thinks
Trump has a very own voter yes right
like what they think works with their
own voters and then the other part of it
is just they don't really have I mean
the economy is is doing well overall but
they don't have much of a record to run
on with their own voters because when
you look at you know kind of people
don't pay attention to GDP they pay
attention to their own personal
well-being right and for most people
wages are not keeping up with inflation
right most people are not better off and
so to basically be like we delivered I
feel like people will be like wait
that's it that's what we're getting do
you yeah John it's that it's it is
fascinating to me that there is so
little attempt to run on the record
right like the tax cut bill they thought
was gonna be a big deal it's even like
look rockefeller like the big dices
caliphate basically was smashed like you
can imagine a universe in which you run
around taking victory last they don't
even want to talk about that because it
seems like the persecution is so central
to what motivates their voters well
partly it's because even if Republicans
did want to run on the tax cut which
some of them do which I still don't
think is popular that's not a good idea
Donald Trump's not gonna let them run on
anything but whatever Donald Trump
tweets that day right so I mean Donald
Trump in the Republican Party's closing
message in the Ohio 12th was Donald
Trump attacking LeBron James they don't
really have the message die yeah like
Ohio what a terrible place I'm your
president Bob Alderson there's also I
think the the there's the backlash
effect to like the degree you know
I think this idea that you see the
Republicans you know that Nancy Pelosi
like we're gonna associate everything
with Nancy Pelosi because we know you
don't like him but the president's are
remarkably polarizing figure when he
touches stuff like he has this impact
like you see it on immigration the
immigration polling is fascinating right
in 2010 it was split between whether
people thought they've strengthened or
burden the country if I do that 17 it's
plus 40 in favor of immigrants
strengthening the country right I mean
trust in the media is up trust in
everything that Trump opposes is up and
I feel like Trump's incredible in
popularity is often undercounted because
of just the shocking fact that he's
still in office right he won dis in
spite of all of these factors he's not
being held accountable and so it makes
it seem as if he's Teflon and I think we
lose sight of the fact that the majority
of the country really dislikes him
probably a plurality of people
passionately hate him
and the you know but we focus a lot on
kind of the feelings of all of these
Trump voters in you know kind of in the
Rust Belt the feelings of
college-educated people who cannot
believe what's going on people of color
who's you know who revile this man I
think that those feelings are going to
be just as important when it comes
midterms and this John you just did this
great series about the podcaster is a
wilderness it's is sort of about how
Democrats are dealing with with this
political moment and I wonder what you
think about how the kind of culture war
tropes that we're seeing what they do on
the left side like what do they do to
the sort of motivating the other side
well I will say like looking at those
numbers you just put up Democrats should
not be afraid to talk about immigration
and I think a lot of them are right like
I do believe that our most powerful
message is an economic populism
especially in a lot of these counties
that swung from Obama to Trump but we
should never run away from issues like
immigration because Republicans are
gonna make the argument no matter what
on immigration as we've seen they're
gonna run on that we need to have an
answer for that
and we live in a country where most
people think that immigrants strengthen
the country most people think they
deserve path to citizenship most people
believe that the dreamers deserve a path
to citizenship we shouldn't run away
from the issue or be afraid of it and I
think them
rats have done that in the past yeah
we're gonna see it'll be really
interesting but the Corey Stewart
Virginia the the Ed Northam and Ed
Gillespie race Ralph Northam Annette
Gillespie race in Virginia was
instructive in that in that respect
we'll see what happens tonight in Ohio
12 we're gonna keep watching those
results you can see Chris Kobach there
who is early returns coming in from
Kansas Michelle Goldberg and Jon Favreau
thank you both for being with me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
