and good morning to have you on
fortunately Mika a lot lot more than
baseball some some grim news controlling
is out of the Middle East and just as
grim America's response to it a
Secretary of State that seemed to bow
and scrape to the Saudis yesterday
humiliating America on the world stage
much like Donald Trump did in Helsinki
we'll begin with the latest on the
disappearance of Washington Post
columnist Jamal khashoggi yesterday the
Turkish government leaked the gruesome
details from what it says is an audio
recording of khashoggi x' torture and
murder at the hands of what it claims
was a 15 member saudi hit squad
including what role the saudi consul may
have played in all this the saudi consul
suddenly left turkey on tuesday and
turkish investigators searched his
residence yesterday more than two weeks
after the october second incident after
turkey leaked the gruesome details which
they said were from a recording of
Khashoggi x' murder President Trump was
asked about it yesterday at the White
House
intelligence at the church but we
haven't asked for it if it exists we've
asked for if it exists no I'm not sure
yet that it exists probably does
possibly does
I hope we're gonna be on the better side
of the equation you know we need Saudi
Arabia in terms of our fight against all
of the terrorism everything that's
happening in Iran and other places
I'm not giving cover at all with that
being said Saudi Arabia's been a very
important ally of ours in the Middle
East we are stopping Iran we're not
trying to stop we're stopping Iran and
they are an ally we have other very good
allies in the Middle East but if you
look at Saudi Arabia they're an ally and
they're a tremendous purchaser of not
only military equipment but other things
so they're an important ally
they live across the river in in
Virginia why not send the FBI in to
figure all this out well he wasn't a
citizen of this country for one thing
and we're going to determine that and
you don't know whether or not we have do
you I know but do you know whether or
not we've said the FBI yeah I'm not
going to tell you know what a shameful a
performance because the whole world's
watching Donald that's why you should
that's why you should tell him the whole
world is watching and they're listening
to you and it seems that you were for
sale your administration is for sale
your white house is for sale the
Russians Oh what your son say they give
you a lots of money so Vladimir Putin
can say and do whatever he wants he can
assassinate journalists and you come on
our show three years ago and you defend
it you say at least he's a strong leader
why because as your son say you make all
of this money from Russia all these
Russians they spend money make you a
richer guy while you make America poorer
morally and the Saudis I know we brought
up a couple days ago that you made lots
of money from Saudi Arabia that bothered
you so then you tweeted that it was fake
news what we were saying that we were
lying so you know what I'm gonna do
boy you busted me I got I got it from a
source I'm this is embarrassing I got
the information that the Saudis had
helped make you richer from a source
it's not a very good source in fact it's
hard to actually believe anything that
comes from this source because I mean
it's just a constant stream of study
lies but I will admit very embarrassed
my source for saying that you Donald
made millions and millions of dollars
off the Saudis came from this source
right here let's play the tape I am
ashamed ashamed ashamed Saudi Arabia and
I get along great with all of them they
buy apartments from me they spend 40
million 50 million am I supposed to
dislike on my life
much I love the Saudis many are in this
building Saudi Arabia as I like the
Saudis they're very nice I make a lot of
money with them they buy all sorts of my
stuff all kinds of toys from Trump they
pay me millions and hundreds of millions
okay so I'm writing this down let's say
I like the Saudis they make me rich for
tea they give me 40 million 50 million
they buy toys from Trump hundreds of
millions of dollars to mica so Donald
Trump has told the world told him during
the campaign mm-hmm and we still have
videotape I know he doesn't believe that
we have videotape or feeds from his old
Twitter feed but we do it's quite a
source and Donald Trump tells people
during the campaign that he makes
hundreds of millions of dollars from the
Saudis so he likes them and so here we
have this gruesome spectacle and my god
what's not your dad obviously ran US
foreign policy your dad who's one of the
foremost thinkers in American foreign
policy I mean what what would he be
saying right now how humiliated would he
be at what this administration is doing
he would be staggered you know it's one
thing when the most powerful country in
the world has no leverage over its
adversaries we've talked for months yeah
about how the Russians and Chinese
continue to benefit from America's moral
impotence that's what it is but Saudi
Arabia was supposed to be our ally this
despite the fact that the number 15
keeps coming between American presidents
and their so-called friends first it was
the 15 Saudi citizens who murdered 3,000
Americans on September 11th now the 15
members of the Saudi death squad that
reportedly brutally tortured and
murdered a Washington Post columnist and
Virginia resident and average you're
exactly right a Virginia resident that
Donald Trump says shouldn't be afforded
American protection
sitting here looking at this and we're
wondering what our response is going to
be we are not surprised at the
president's pathetic response but the
United States Secretary of State seemed
to conspire with Saudis to keep facts
from Congress from the American people
and the civilized world about this
assassination and that is beneath
contempt to further compromise the White
House the Saudis seem to bribe Trump
with a hundred million dollars to assist
in US efforts in Syria
well that blood money will not distract
from the Saudi 15's deadly deeds from
Trump's claims during the campaign that
he personally profited from Saudis to
the tune of hundreds of millions of
dollars or from America's morally drift
foreign policy in the age of Trump and
at a time when quislings meekly march in
lockstep behind a morally disabled
president I don't know how you do it
it's appalling it is appalling and
Willie I you know week I hadn't even
thought about the 15 Saudis that
actually killed over 3,000 Americans on
September 11th now we have 15 Saudis I
view as a great parallel that mica made
there you just you just wonder how long
can the United States turn a blind eye
to this country when they put people in
charge the true the gruesome things that
they do and we have an American
president that sits there and actually
seems to be conspiring with them well
it's one thing to stand by an ally it's
something else completely to sit there
and be obsequious and to give the
benefit of the doubt when now so many of
the facts point toward what all the
media reporting is saying Richard and
what the Turkish government is saying
which is that Jamal Koosh og was
murdered so now we're gonna come to a
point where the United States Intel
agencies say mr. president we've
gathered all this information is clear
to us not only that could showed you was
murdered
but that NBS was behind it and given
this wind up from the president and the
defense of the crown prince
what will he do then what would he say
then well clearly he was murdered it's
not a hundred percent sure we'll ever be
able to say it's that the crown prince
is behind it it might be 99 percent sure
but we may not have this
cific fingerprints on it and that could
based on everything we've just talked
about the meek and Joe were talking
about that could give the president some
excuse if he wants to say it's still not
clear look this is the Tammy Wynette
foreign policy they're gonna stand by
their man then my hunch is almost
nothing will we'll shake that what's so
inconsistent in their point of view as
though they're talking about this great
ally and the issue is well this is the
great Ally that started a war in Yemen
that's a essentially the Vietnam of the
modern Middle East had the pressure
against Qatar divided the Arab world
kidnapped the prime minister of Lebanon
never had any positive influence on the
Palestinians as best we could say now
I've committed a murder so it's not
clear what return we're particularly
getting on investment dissing Nika was
talking about NGO we're talking about
Micah's dad
dr. Brzezinski I've been thinking about
this what this seems to me in some ways
reminiscent of is what happened with
Iran in the 1970s there we had an ally
headed by this figure the shop and this
ally was increasingly going off the
rails and the Carter Administration had
struggling with that and I think we have
a version of that now I know it's not
exact but a version of it important ally
which at times hasn't been acting like
an ally a very difficult flawed leader
who's impulsive reckless does all the
things he's done domestically and
internationally they've been bad for us
and bad in some ways for Saudi Arabia
and the administration is caught they're
worried that if they ditch them they bet
they show any daylight between him and
them that something could be worse so
that is where we are they're caught but
my guess is unless just like the Saudi
leadership they're gonna try to brazen
this out they'd prefer if you will the
devil they know that do the uncertainty
of what they don't even though we are
gonna pay an enormous moral price even
though he is as flawed as he clearly is
and Heidi as you cover Capitol Hill you
have Marco Rubio saying on Sunday if the
president won't do something about this
we will Lindsey Graham has said the same
bob Corker the chair of the Foreign
Relations Committee has sort of sent up
some red flares in the press saying
we're not getting the Intelligence
Sharing we should be getting through
this what's the reaction been like on
Capitol Hill from your
one of you Capitol Hill has been waiting
to see what Pompeo did on this trip and
now what we're seeing is that Pompeo
went over there he posed with the Saudis
and the big tell here in terms of this
administration allowing Saudi Arabia to
have plausible deniability is the fact
that Pompey I went over there didn't
demand to see that tape didn't demand to
hear that tape he's in the neighborhood
it's being reported by all mainstream
media as he's going to come back and
allow the Saudis to say that the Crown
Prince likely didn't know about it so
Congress I don't know that Congress is
gonna let this go they the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee sent a very
powerful letter bipartisan across the
board from the ranking member and the
chairman the first time that they've
tried to trigger the Magnitsky
legislation which essentially says hey
administration you've got 120 days for
this investigation for you to make a
determination about whether there was a
gross violation of Human Rights here and
to report back and at that point you
must impose sanctions now the I talked
to a Senate Foreign Relations staff our
senior staffer last night and they said
it's possible that the administration
could then ignore that he said quote but
it would be pretty reprehensible and a
new low Richard what is it what does it
tell you that the administration has
informed in the Senate Intelligence
Committee Senate Foreign Relations
Committee no additional intelligence no
additional intelligence will be shared
for now about this event what does that
tell you this is a cover-up this is the
administration being complicit in what
has gone they don't want to know the
truth because the truth would create
awkward foreign policy choices so the
administration rather than pressing
immediately for international legitimate
investigation what do we see and said
Mike we see cleaning crews with bleach
going into the into the building so this
is preposterous we're again shredding
our our own credibility and for what the
only sanctions we'll have probably
congressional sanctions of some sort
we'll probably also have some financial
sector sanctions all the people are
pulling out of this so you know the
so-called Davos in the desert I think
it's very hard for a lot of American
investors at least for time to be in bed
with the with the Saudis but my guess is
again this administration as best they
are gonna try to just hang tough have
this blow over
and get as close as they can to going
back to business as usual even though it
makes us look terrible and even though
they seem to be overlooking this minor
detail that these guys time and time
again are not acting as allies and Joe
and you listen to the president what you
have is foreign policy as a business
transaction he keeps time and again
bringing up the one hundred and ten
billion dollar arms deal which by the
way isn't quite accurate there was some
Obama here deals as a part of that
number but he's talking about money time
and again this is about money for him
it's not about human rights it's not
about a reporter it's not about what our
relationship should be or what we should
stand for it's about money into the
United States government Treasury we've
set a time and again if you wanted to
understand Donald Trump's foreign policy
you look where his properties are you
look at quotes from Donald Trump and his
family where did they make their money
his sons bragged both of them of bragged
that they make their money from Russia
that they made tons of money from Russia
in the past Donald Trump bragged at his
campaign rallies that he made hundreds
of millions of dollars from the Saudis
why shouldn't he like him Donald Trump
says he throws out this 110 billion
dollar military deal as a smokescreen
but it's really just a smokescreen
because it doesn't even exist but what
does exist the fact that Donald Trump
has made he says hundreds of millions of
dollars from the Saudis in the past from
Saudi sheiks in the best and he wants to
make hundreds of millions of dollars
from Saudis in the future when he gets
out at one of these days people are
gonna understand that Donald Trump
didn't expect to be elected president
Donald Trump's not going to do a second
term Donald Trump's gonna cash in his
poker chips at the end of the first term
and get really really rich cuz he
doesn't care about what you think he
cares about all he cares about his money
he don't care about getting reelected he
wants to cash in and so he's gonna sell
out u.s. foreign policy down the river
because he can say at three years from
now hey remember when I stood by you
when you carved up at Washington Post
reporter yeah let's do let's do business
man
that's how done
Tromp Thanks and I wonder Rica mm-hmm if
voters in less than three weeks are
gonna remember that and if they're gonna
reward that type of behavior because
we're less than three weeks away
we're actually this sort of abhorrent
behavior can be checked by some people
who are elected to the legislative
branch that actually aren't cowards but
actually don't just rubber-stamp
everything that Donald Trump does if you
want checks on this president you have a
vote thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
