global citizen festival on MSNBC is
sponsored by city city is the official
presenting partner of the global citizen
festival in New York City the global
citizen festival once again returning to
Central Park here in New York on
September 29th and taking the stage this
year houses for a lineup Janet Jackson
the weekend
Shawn Mendes cardi B and Janelle Monae
along with a special guest performance
by John Legend Hugh Jackman and Debra
Lee fur Nets will be hosting once again
this year and joining us now the CEO of
global citizen and Hugh Evans along with
us global consumer chief marketing
officer for City Jenifer bright hop this
year's festival presented by city which
has been a long and proud partner of the
global citizen festival since its
inception good morning guys great to
have you with us good morning ok let's
start with the ad budget first of all
yes a back page of the New York Times
the global citizen festival another
incredible lineup Hugh and I know that
the music is always great but it's sort
of just a way in the door to get a lot
of eyeballs and a lot of people hearing
the message what are you focused on this
year for the festival well this is a
hugely important year for us obviously
we're leaning into the midterms coming
up in in November so we're going to be
encouraging young people all across the
country to get out to vote and take
action but most importantly we're going
to be tackling some of the most
important global issues of our time
we're going to be focusing on women's
economic empowerment and gender equality
making sure that the 264 million
children who are currently out of school
get adequate financing to get back into
school and I know we've focused on this
almost every year but especially this
year and that's the White House
proposing aid cuts which are so
important around the world yes so we we
know that currently the United States
gives about 1% of its budget in foreign
aid and we want to resist any proposals
to cut foreign aid fortunately we've got
great bipartisan support both Congress
and the Senate have stepped up and said
you know across the across the board we
don't want to see foreign aid cuts
because we know that the three legs of
the stool of International Development
our development diplomacy and defense
and we can't just invest in defense we
also need to invest in development and
we need to make sure that we have a
prosperous and safe world for the future
Jose
a question for you I know you'll be
screaming like a teenage girl for Shawn
Mendes from always will be throwing I'll
be throwing my tie and anything else
that may come off during the stage so
you you've focused for years on extreme
poverty
hmm there are obviously great challenges
with budget cuts thirty-two percent
budget cuts here also though you're not
just challenging the United States
you're challenging Europe to step
forward to lean in to continue the
battle against extreme poverty talk
about how important that is and also
talk about the gains that have been made
since five years ago since you began
this battle against extreme poverty
worldwide well I should stop by saying
that global citizen is one part of a
much broader movement that is embodied
in the United Nations sustainable
development goals these 17 goals with
169 indicators designed to end extreme
poverty tackle climate change and reduce
inequality and so many great
organizations around the world are at
the forefront of combating the scourge
of extreme poverty since global citizens
started seven years ago millions of
actions have been taken by global
citizens leading to over thirty seven
billion dollars announced on global
citizens stages that will affect the
lives of some 2.2 5 billion people by
2030 so we're really proud of the impact
that's been had in fact in my lifetime
extreme poverty is harmed from 52% of
the world's population in 1981 down to
less than 10% of the world's population
today but there are still 750 million
people living in extreme poverty which
is far too many in this world of Plenty
so Jennifer as I said in the
introduction city's been there from the
beginning of this enterprise with global
citizen what's the role of a large
private company like yours in this fight
against global poverty well you know
we've been partnered with Hugh and his
team at global citizen for years since
the inception and for us it's just it's
it's critically important that as a
brand
and as a large company that we're
standing for issues that matter that
have impact and again with global
citizen the partnerships been very
powerful and long-standing given that we
share some common goals and collective
goals so enabling progress has been a
mission that cities stood for for almost
two centuries so working with global
citizen allows us to amplify that
message and galvanize change around the
world
and that a not a bad partner sitting
next to you right okay Jenna's been the
best literally cities bring us with us
since the very beginning and if they
didn't believe in us I don't know where
would be so thank you know we are happy
to be along for this journey MSNBC by
the way exclusively will air the global
citizen festival Saturday September 29th
at 3 p.m. Eastern you can go to
nbcnews.com
slash global citizen to learn how you
can take action yourself and earn points
for free tickets to that big and
excellent concert in New York City
coming up next month huge Jennifer thank
you so much for what you're doing and
thank you for your time this morning
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
