let's bring in national security
reporter for NBC News Julia Ainsley
she's got new reporting on the Trump
administration's latest legal move on
legal immigrants in the u.s. Julia tell
us about your reporting so Willie what
we found is that stephen miller's next
move this is while they're still
cleaning up after the mess of separating
families like mica pointed out the next
move really focuses on legal immigrants
these are people already living in the
United States with green cards some
wanting to get green cards some wanting
to get citizenship and what we're
finding is that in the next come in the
coming weeks actually this is coming
very soon the White House is now
finalizing a proposal they don't need to
go through Congress to get this done
they can just do this through a
rulemaking this would limit those
immigrants from getting that citizenship
or those green cards if they've ever
been on public benefits that includes
Obama care it includes child health
insurance it includes food stamps it
includes a lot of programs that a lot
that immigrants especially those working
and low-wage jobs would need just to
support their families and again these
aren't illegal immigrants these are
people lawfully in the United States
trying to get status either as citizens
or as legal permanent residents Julia
what possible legal ground would Stephen
Miller or the president have if these
are legal immigrants to not allow them
to get their green cards that's a great
question so there's this public charge
rule that actually goes back to the
1800s it was designed so that people who
were coming in say Ellis Island wouldn't
be a burden to the federal government
they wouldn't want to take someone in
who they thought couldn't support
themselves now they're redefining public
charge in a very wide way to include a
lot of those programs that we named and
to make it harder for people who might
have been given waivers in the past to
get citizenship there now reexamining
that and trying to make that harder to
they want to bring down the numbers of
all immigrants even legal ones thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
