yeah and Willie speaking of companies
having to step up it does seem that some
large tech companies have stepped up
against Infowars and a host that not
only has made the life of parents whose
children were slaughtered at Sandy Hook
back in 2012 December of 2012 made their
lives a living hell with many of them
having to move from one place to another
and getting threats against their own
lives because of Lies that he's
spreading about them but also last week
shockingly enough or maybe it was two
weeks ago
accusing Robert Muller of running a
child prostitution ring and then holding
up his finger like it's a gun and
simulating the shooting of Robert Muller
and many people looking at that would
suggest that he actually encouraged it
yeah there's been a lot of pressure on
these media companies we talked about
this a lot last week Joe on this show
now for media giants are banding
together to take down controversial
Infowars content from their sites Apple
Facebook Spotify and YouTube all have
removed Infowars and its creators
content from platforms in various
degrees it's all in an effort to stop
the spread of misinformation Alex Jones
has been behind several right-wing
conspiracy theories like claiming the
Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax he's got
a large following with most pages
garnering millions of subscribers Apple
moves Sunday to remove Jones's podcast
from its platform with Spotify following
suit Facebook yesterday announced it had
unpublished four pages belonging to
Jones for repeatedly violating the
company's standards
YouTube followed suit terminating
Jones's main account Jones confirmed on
Twitter that he'd been banned by
Facebook Apple and Spotify Twitter has
not taken any action against Infowars or
Jones himself Gene Robinson this is a
guy it goes without saying people are
familiar with him now but he's driven as
joe said Sandy Hook families into hiding
by Fanning these conspiracy theories and
having his followers go after these
families this is a question that not
covered by the First Amendment Facebook
doesn't have to abide by first
it's a private company and under some
pressure they finally made a decision to
push him away yeah and these private
companies had a decision to make and I
wonder why it took them so long because
to continue to put up this kind of
content just invites people perhaps like
me to say well hold on these are
publishers and they're publishing
material that is false and defamatory
and they ought to be able to be sued
just like the Washington Post could be
sued and and others could be sued for
libel and for huge in their case
billions of dollars were the damages of
some so I think it was a not just a a
morally correct move by these companies
but also a smart business move to sort
of fend off what would be the next step
I think which would be to you know look
guys we're gonna sue you well and you
know at least Jordan that somebody like
Ted Cruz would come out defending Alex
Jones saying and really repulsive
you know quoting the first line of a
poem talking about the Holocaust in
first first they came for Alex Jones and
say I don't know Ted Cruz is familiar
with with the content in Infowars I
would think most of the people that he
sits in church with would be deeply
offended the content is extraordinarily
vulgar his language is beyond repulsive
and again the conspiracy theories and
the suggestion that former FBI directors
be assassinated I mean every day he's
it's a it's a new shocking attack
against some foundation of our culture
of our civilized civilization and Ted
Cruz is going out there comparing that
people that were sent away in the
Holocaust you got to give it to Ted Cruz
just because he does take
pandering to new lows whether it's you
know his own wife his own father he was
so quick to you know cower back grovel
back to Donald Trump and that's the same
thing that he's doing with Alex Jones
and it's so Craven and so transparent
and he cares more about the millions of
followers that Alex Jones has and it
shows his desperation with his upcoming
Senate race and also its complete lack
of any moral compass whatsoever and Jo
you touch upon a really important point
there we all understand that there's
only so much space in a newspaper we all
understand that there's only so much
time on a TV program but the media in a
sense has dropped the ball in terms of
doing our job in terms of making more
Americans aware of exactly what Alex
Jones and his followers believe exactly
what cueing on push and believe the
conspiracy theories are beyond the realm
are not only beyond being offensive
they're dangerous and we don't do enough
in telling people out there right now
this morning people who read newspapers
exactly who these people are and what
they believe well no and you know it's
not new I mean this guy actually had the
repugnant view and promoted the
repugnant view that he was a truther
that george w bush was was was it was an
inside job young I was reading in New
York Times article yesterday from back
you know 5 6 7 8 years ago where Alex
Jones and Rosie O'Donnell and all these
other people believed that building 7
had imploded and that it was it that
that the United States government had
killed Americans on 9/11 that it was an
inside job
I mean that's just that such disease
thinking it's such offensive thinking
that you wonder how those people are
given a platform at all why anybody
would listen to them at all in Alex
Jones my god we can just you know again
calling it seemed that he was calling
for the assassination of Robert Muller
this should go well beyond him not being
on Apple or YouTube anymore
this seems to be something that the
Secret Service should be looking into
when it seems that he is calling for the
assassination of a former FBI director
and a man who's leading an investigation
into Vladimir Putin undermining American
democracy I just don't get it I think we
can debate it more and we certainly have
had that debate especially now I think
giving people like that a platform is
dangerous and we are watching things
unravel before our eyes even the value
of the truth Jim VandeHei thank you be
sure to sign up for the newsletter at
sign up Axios calm and still ahead and
the Palmetto for trial rick gates takes
the stand and shows us what can happen
when a witness flips on a former
colleague we'll go live to the
courthouse coming up on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
