it's a big election night coming up
tomorrow night with a special election
in Ohio and primaries in Missouri
Washington Kansas and Michigan where
there's an interesting race for governor
one of the Democratic candidates is an
internationally recognized public health
scholar an epidemiologist and a Rhodes
Scholar who would also be the first
Muslim governor in the nation's history
dr. Abdul Elsayed
is still polling significantly behind
the front-runner Gretchen Whitmer he's
gotten a lot of support from the left
like from Alexandria Ocasio Cortes who
campaigned for him last month and Bernie
Sanders who campaigned for him in
Michigan this weekend our own Tremaine
Lee caught up with Abdullah Elsayed in
Detroit yesterday to ask him about what
he's running on we often hear this idea
of the working-class voter real
Americans and sometimes I think there's
a silent white on that we're talking
white working-class white America but
look at Detroit and communities all
around here this too is a real America
what do the people the real Americans in
this city and in this state what do they
want the fact of the matter is is that
if you are a poor or working or even
retired American bu black brown or white
I'm talking about the same issues right
people don't have access to basic things
like health care and in this state in
particular we know viscerally the
experience of losing a job and
potentially losing your health care
something Michiganders many of them went
through in 2008 people talking about the
fact that they can't earn a living wage
working 40 hours anymore because so many
of our jobs get off shorter automated
people worried about the air their kids
breathe the water their kids drink and
our message has always been that if we
come together around a politics that put
some people ahead of the corporations
that have dominated our politics for so
long then we can actually solve those
problems access to health care high
quality schools access to air and water
that are don't poison your kids a good
job that pays a $15 minimum wage where
you get r√©union representation those are
the things that everybody deserves in
our state in this day and age in the
Trump administration especially in this
era do you have to run further to the
left to push back to what's happening
you know I just I don't understand
what's radical about making sure that
people get access to health care when
they get sick I don't understand what's
radical about saying that we shouldn't
be asking our kids to suck from the
smokestack of a big
corporation I don't know what's radical
about saying that if you work a 40-hour
workweek you should be able to afford
the trappings of a dignified life none
of those things to me seem all that
radical
have you gotten adequate support from
the Democratic machine and the
old-school Democrats said you know what
we believe in your vision I'll be honest
with you right unfortunately over the
past 10 20 years I think the Democratic
Party has gotten complacent about how we
win elections and more importantly about
who we serve we cannot continue to take
money from the same corporations if we
say that we're the party that works for
the poor and working of our country and
we cannot continue to apologize for our
message we cannot continue to apologize
when we say people deserve health care
people deserve access to a living
standard of water or real public schools
that dignify their brains those are not
things that I'm interested in
apologizing for and working people know
when you're telling them half-truths
right when you're telling you want to
get half the way there so we'll be
covering the returns on that really
really interesting gubernatorial race
and everything else right here tomorrow
night including the results from the
fascinating and down-to-the-wire special
election in Ohio's 12th district with a
Republican we should really have this in
the bag is having a rough time of it
more on that race when we come back
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
