we've also got some breaking news
tonight out of North Dakota we had a
pretty huge response a couple of nights
ago to a story that we covered here on
Monday night about voting in North
Dakota for this year's elections senator
Heidi Heitkamp is a Democratic US
senator from that state she's in a tough
reelection race this year when she first
won her seat for North Dakota in 2012
she won it in a squeaker the margin that
she won bite was less than 1% of the
vote in terms of the number of votes she
won her seat by less than 3,000 votes
total statewide and one of the things
that was crucial to that victory for her
in 2012 which again put a Democrat in
the US Senate from North Dakota one of
the things that was absolutely crucial
was the strong support she got from
Native American voters in that state in
the two majority Native American
counties in North Dakota Heidi Heitkamp
got really really strong support
something like 70 plus percent of the
vote in those counties and in a race
that close that was absolutely enough to
put her over the top well as soon as
Heidi Heitkamp was sworn in in 2013 as
North Dakota senator the republican-led
legislature in that state got to work
basically trying to take care of that
little problem they designed a new law
for the state which says you can't vote
if your ID doesn't have a residential
address on it a street address
well conveniently enough if you're a
Native American and you live in North
Dakota on a rural reservation you don't
have a residential address on your ID
and it's not just because their IDs
aren't designed that way it's because in
many rural reservation communities there
aren't residential street addresses they
don't exist they've never had them so
requiring something to vote that Native
Americans in the state generally don't
have that's a nice tightly focused way
that Republicans in that state's
legislature have come up with to knock
out the Native American vote in that
state there's been a whole bunch of
legal wrangling over this effort by
North Dakota Republicans over the years
but bottom line is that for the first
time in the congressional elections next
month November 6th this new law is going
to be fully in effect so people who have
been voting happily with
tribal IDs and their p.o box IDs for
years or decades or generations no not
this time
no residential address on your ID you
can't vote this time now through one
lens this is an intensely local issue
right it's derived from how a minority
community in one state lives and votes
and how they are being targeted by
Republicans to kill off their voting
rights it's local through another lens
though this is a big national story I
mean in North Dakota Native American
voters have a strong propensity to vote
Democrat knocking them out is a very
tidy way of knocking out Democratic
votes and specifically this year it's a
very tidy way to knock Heidi Heitkamp
out of the United States Senate because
she's up for re-election
knocking Heidi Heitkamp out of the
Senate happens to be the Republican
Party's best path toward keeping the
whole US Senate in the hands of the
Republican Party for the next two years
and if the whole US Senate stays in the
hands of the Republican Party for the
next two years that obviously has
nationwide implications for policy for
investigations and accountability at
with this president in this
administration it potentially has
implications even if something like
impeachment ever comes up and of course
it's the whole ballgame when it comes to
the possibility of another Supreme Court
justice retiring or dying in office god
forbid it's the whole ball game in terms
of confirming Trump nominees both to the
administration and to the courts so
whether or not North Dakota Republicans
succeed in this what you know this looks
like a local effort to block 10,000
North Dakota Native Americans from
voting in three weeks
this isn't local news anymore this is
American history now so we've been
covering that story for a few days now
we've been covering in particular how
the tribes in North Dakota are trying to
fight back they obviously have a limited
time to do so well tonight we've got a
little bit of breaking news for you
coming up in just a couple of minutes we
may be able to report tonight on a
potential breakthrough in that fight the
tribes may have come up with something
that may work here
it might we'll break that news in just a
moment
now the reason of course we got onto
that story in the first place is because
we've been following what really is a
national story now this year about the
right to vote in this year's
congressional elections that right to
vote coming under tremendous and varied
pressure all over the country as
Republican officials on down the line
Republican officials in state government
and county government and at the city
level the municipal level all around the
country we're seeing evidence of them
basically trying to tilt the playing
field wherever they can however they can
to make voting as hard as possible or as
complicated as possible for Democratic
leaning voters who might be inclined to
vote in this upcoming congressional
election and I can't always I can't
always tell what we're gonna do on this
show that's gonna get a big response
from from viewers from you guys but my
sense is that the reason we're seeing
such strong reactions to this reporting
we've been doing is because I think
again this is just my impression but I
think as Americans there is something
sort of viscerally upsetting almost I
don't know it's it's almost like we
can't like it put a finger on it like
you can't exactly put it to words but
there's something emotional and innate
in us as American citizens about seeing
people seeing our fellow Americans
wanting to vote trying to vote going
through all the trouble and hassle that
it may take them to vote and somebody
else scheming against them to try to
trick them out of it or block them from
doing it we react to that as Americans
in a visceral emotional way at least
that's what I'm getting from everybody
who I'm hearing from since we've been
doing this reporting when we see our
fellow Americans having to fight like
heck just to be allowed to vote to
participate in the governance of our
country which is the whole idea of our
country it hurts us as Americans and
that pain causes people to I guess reach
out that's what we've been experiencing
you know though the more time we spend
covering stories like this the more I
can tell that the efforts on the other
side of this fight are also getting a
little emotional to the voter
suppressive efforts are getting a little
emotional a little heated case in point
I'll show you something I
look I will confess there was a little
bit of laughing out loud when I first
saw this but I'm trying to be empathetic
I'm trying to get beyond the laughing at
this which was my first instinct to see
what might be the emotions at work
behind something this nuts here it is
it's out of Texas group called true the
vote which has been around for a few
years now they're a tea party
conservative basically anti voting
rights activist group they're the ones
who send conservative poll Watchers into
minority precincts to loom over people
while they're voting right to basically
implicitly threatened that there's
something dangerous about turning up to
vote in a place like that well this is
the fundraising email that true the vote
has just sent out about voting in Texas
this year quote dear supporter I am
writing to you today with an urgent
appeal as all of America is now seeing
the radical left will do anything to
silence Pro Liberty voices they will lie
they will cheat they will destroy now
with polls tightening free and fair
elections will soon be under assault
like never before we need your help
we are already receiving reports of
radical actions designed to overwhelm
and exploit electoral processes what are
these radical actions like in Texas
where state officials have notified us
that counties are being buried under
hundreds of thousands of voter
registrations all being strategically
submitted in mass actually said in mass
I n ma SS I don't think they mean in
mass like at church which is what they
wrote there what they mean there is holy
guacamole you guys tons of people are
registering to vote this is disgusting
we've got to do something about it this
is obviously a strategic effort to
destroy the system this is people trying
to vote I mean what this true the vote
conservative anti voting rights hair on
fire alert is about is that they want to
raise money they're also trying to get
poll Watchers quote having informed
citizens watching in the polls it will
make a difference right now that they've
seen these terribly large numbers of
people registering to vote they want to
make sure this does
and actually threatened to turn into
real people casting their votes they'll
do everything they can send money now
grandma I'm I mean I will admit I find
it like I funny and ironic still I don't
know it's funny haha I don't know if
it's funny haha it is we're seeing them
freaking out about voter registration
freaking out about Americans wanting to
vote right factually I will give them
this they are on to something people are
trying to vote in trying to register to
vote in very large numbers the day
before true the vote sent that out
earlier this week and remember they
referenced Texas where the real problem
is the day before they sent out that
alert ket are in Texas in fact reported
on a big spike in new voter
registrations in counties in northeast
Texas up in Collin County Texas for
example which is here on the map county
elections administrator there says that
in the last 30 days before the last
congressional election the last midterm
election in 2014 that County got about
4,800 new voters registered this year in
the same period they got nearly 13,000
new voter registrations come in so
that's just one little County in
northeast Texas everybody freaked out
look at all those people who want to
vote we're seeing this dynamic happen in
counties and in states around the
country doubling and tripling of voter
registration applications and people
already turning out to vote early right
compared to the last time the American
public had the chance to vote in an
election like this one which is four
years ago in 2014 now I think most
American citizens would take that as
kind of a rah-rah
pound to the chest moment right this is
great our fellow Americans we care we're
all in this together we want to be part
of the process of governing our country
people are registering to vote and
voting in very large numbers that's
great don't we all agree that that's
great if that doesn't make you happy and
that makes you scared you have maybe
been reading a little too much of your
direct mail that's trying to part you
from your hard-earned money lots of
people wanting to vote is a good thing
not a bad thing or a scary thing and we
all used to agree on that or at least we
also all used to pay lip service to it
in the Texas capital city of Austin we
also saw some new reporting
today about a very large number of voter
registrations coming in there is from
ProPublica quote Travis County Texas the
home excuse me
Travis County Texas the home of Austin
Texas has experienced a massive spike in
voter registrations this cycle which
officials there attribute to the
heightened interest in the state's
competitive Senate race between Ted Cruz
and Beda O'Rourke quote the county
received around thirty five thousand
registrations on the final day to submit
them this year that's ten thousand more
than on the same day in 2016 which was a
presidential year quote Texas is one of
only 13 states not to have online voter
registration so now about a dozen Travis
County employees are sifting through
thousands of applications verifying them
and entering them into the state's voter
rolls by hand of the 35,000
registrations received on the last day
of registration October 9th 25,000 of
those 35,000 have yet to be processed
and that's with early voting starting in
that state on Monday I think they're
gonna get them all processed in time why
do they have to process every voter
registration application by hand in a in
a state that has tens of millions of
people living in it why on earth would
you make it so hard not only for people
to register but for those registrations
to be processed why would you make it so
cumbersome so that it honestly can't get
done before voting starts well the more
people vote the more people who get
their votes counted the worst
Republicans tend to do in u.s. elections
so when you've got Republican control of
the legislature and the state government
like Republicans have in Texas they know
it's to their own advantage to keep the
elections process to keep the voting
process to keep the voter registration
process slow and screwy because that
works for them just fine more people
trying to register more people trying to
vote that's scary to them today in the
great state of Georgia it was day three
of in-person early voting in the state's
third most populous county in Cobb
County the line to vote early in-person
today was more than three hours long all
day long according to the Atlanta
journal-constitution people were lined
up this morning to vote at the
early voting site in Cobb County more
than an hour before that voting site
opened opened at 8:00 a.m. people were
lined up at 7:00 a.m. and that was a
rational decision honestly I mean who
has more than three hours to wait in
line to vote on a Wednesday well
the republican-led state government in
Georgia is hoping to find out and
they're hoping it's not too many of you
bottleneck the voting process as much as
possible put up as many hurdles as
possible to people voting make it a long
process make it uncomfortable make it
uncertain make it vaguely threatening
weed out people who might not have tons
of time or resources to devote to this
civic responsibility this kind of stuff
it turns election season like we're and
now into like a biblical test of your
good citizenship it's like they're
setting up a biblical trial to test how
much you love your country and what
you'll do to show it Think Progress and
the Atlanta journal-constitution are
also now reporting on not just the
difficulties and the long lines in big
populous counties like Cobb County but
in the small corners of Georgia too
Jefferson County is in eastern Georgia
it's a small County it's got a
population with just about 15,000 people
population of Jefferson County is
majority african-american there's a
county run Senior Center in Jefferson
County in a town called Louisville
Georgia on the first day of early voting
this week on Monday a bus pulled up to
that Senior Center from a nonpartisan
nonprofit group that promotes voting
among African American citizens they had
kind of a impromptu Pro voting get out
the vote rally and honestly they had
kind of a
moving impromptu sing-along inside the
Senior Center all these elderly
african-americans Jefferson County
they're at the Senior Center
and after that several dozen elderly
african-american folks from the Senior
Center decided they did all want to go
vote at their local early voting site
this was the first day of early voting
let's go when the county government
heard that the bus was on its way over
with all these older black folks from
the Senior Center the county government
called that Senior Center and said don't
let them come and they took them off the
bus and they wouldn't let them go
there's no law in Georgia that prevents
you from taking a bus to a voting site
with other people who want to vote as
well that's not illegal but pretend it's
illegal and push people around tell them
they can't do it you might at least
block them from voting that day and then
how many of them maybe won't be able to
get it together to come vote some other
day if they vote all together they'll
probably all vote how terrifying is that
the n-double-a-cp Legal Defense Fund is
now asking Georgia Secretary of State
Brian Kemp to look into this incident in
Jefferson County to remedy this kind of
problem that's happening even in
far-flung corners of his state raise
your hand if you think Brian Kemp is
gonna see this as a matter of as a
matter of significant concern Brian Kemp
is the Secretary of State he's also the
Republican candidate for governor in
Georgia this incident with the busload
of elderly african-american voters being
told to get off the bus they couldn't
vote together this happened again on
Monday day one of early voting in
Georgia today in that same town the
Democratic candidate for governor who's
running against Brian camp Stacey Abrams
she showed up in that town to meet with
those seniors and to encourage them to
not let anybody get in their way when it
comes to casting their vote in terms of
how that fight that epic American fight
is going in Georgia we do actually have
some new hard data for you on that
you might remember last night we had
numbers for the first day of voting
first day of in-person early voting in
Georgia the last time we had a midterm
election so four years ago in 2014 the
first day of in-person
early voting in Georgia saw a lot of
people about just under 21,000 people
turned out to vote early on that first
day of voting on the same day this year
the first day of early voting
so more than 69,000 people turned out in
Georgia so more than tripling the
first-day turnout for early in-person
voting in Georgia between what happened
in 2014 and what happened this year well
just tonight we just got in the numbers
for day two of early voting in Georgia
which was yesterday and those numbers
are even bigger
look it was 69 thousand people voted
early yesterday in Georgia today went up
to 76 thousand so this is an emotional
thing for us as Americans right the
determination to vote even as people try
to make you not do it but you can see
where the emotions coming from and the
right right on the other side if they're
worried about what might happen if too
many people actually might get out there
and vote and that brings us to this new
news that we've got tonight out of North
Dakota that stories next stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
