the interview on Friday NBA star LeBron
James accused President Trump of using
sports to divide the country let's watch
what I noticed over the last few months
that he's kind of used sport to kind of
divide us and and that's something that
I can't relate to because I know that
sport was the first time I ever was
around someone white you know and I and
I and I got an opportunity to see them
and learn about them what would you say
the president he's sitting right here I
would never sit across level you would
never anyone talk to him no few hours
later the president tweeted LeBron James
was just interviewed by the dumbest man
on television Don Lemon he made LeBron
look smart which isn't easy to do I like
Mike apparently for an NBA star Michael
Jordan politico's Annie Carney points
out that trumps tweet came just before
the one-year anniversary of last
summer's white nationalist rally in
Charlottesville that turned violent
rioting
LeBron tweet served as a reminder that
the president has done little to
ameliorate that low watermark of
Charlottesville as one of the defining
images of his presidency we are back
with our roundtable basil Susan and
Caitlin badly I mean it's the the
context of the president lashing out
like that I remember I saw it come in on
Friday and it's like whoa and in in some
ways it is this is a familiar thing he
has a history with Don Lemon he once
said nice things about LeBron James but
now LeBron is going after him he goes
after LeBron but when people start
saying that this crosses into something
racial it's because we just showed it in
the tweet there when he says low IQ when
he says dumb it does seem to apply more
he does seem to the plight of the people
of color more yes and he's been
consistent in that regard with the NFL
players as well I think at its core this
is about race he does not like
african-americans that challenge his
authority and his hegemony over over
what he perceives as his control over
government and of this country it is it
is at its core racial there's another
element as well folks that ever covered
him in New York know that he likes to be
a part of pop culture and if you look at
sort of all the people that he's taking
shots at they these are these are
cultural pop cultural icons who again
challenged his authority he
feels that those individuals are acting
in a way that's antithetical with sort
of his own whatever political or compass
or framework so it's a it's at its core
racial and I also think it's it's him
feeling that he's not a part of the
group that he wants to be a part that's
the other part of this too I think it's
a it's a broader story - I think we're
Donald Trump the reality star version of
him
there were Comedy Central wrote he was
embraced by pop culture in a lot of ways
in a way that now he's just you know
public enemy number one to them and he
was successful in pop culture for a long
time but now he is President of the
United States and even as a kenick
remember he said the Mexican judge when
a case I mean this is when he came out
with the Muslim ban as a campaign idea
Donald Trump this racist and what also
and I want to say worse but it's in the
political realm what he is doing is now
bringing in race to appeal to bring
forward part of his base to get him
behind not his entire base but he is
using racism mechanism to appeal to the
worst part frankly I think of the
Republican Party and actually use that
as a unifier and that is disgraceful and
that is not what the President of the
United States should be doing we keep
talking about him in terms of pop
culture and maybe it's accounting but
this is the President of the United
States and LeBron James City you know we
talk about what divides us this is this
president divides us and he's doing it
in the most disruptive and dangerous way
over in the other division that was
notable in this I thought Caitlyn maybe
was within the white house because he
had the first lady giving out a
statement where she seemed to say I like
LeBron LeBron is such a beloved figure I
mean I went to school in Ohio I have
lots of family in Ohio he is such a
beloved figure there which actually
separates him out from some of the other
athletes that Trump has gone after who
may not be as compelling as LeBron James
who in the the bigger point of that
interview was of course to talk about
the school that is opening and all of
these kids whose lives he is going to
change by virtue of him opening up this
school and providing opportunities for
him so I think the president picked a
very picked depict a fight that nobody
wants to be engaged and even even
supporters of his
in the state would would say you know
what would would raise learn about that
what's interesting about the the NFL
part and when trumpet goes after that
there's a lot of that that is strategic
and I've talked to Republican campaigns
Senate campaigns who say that yeah
that's fine you know that plays to a
certain portion of the electorate that
they want to bring out and so I don't
see the president stopping this kind of
thing and also he hasn't faced any real
political consequences for these actions
a year after Charlottesville he's got a
tax reform bill the economy is good
Republicans by and large are very
supportive of him still there haven't
been real political consequences yet
perhaps after the midterm well and we'll
see tomorrow if you know see how this is
a special election because maybe the
Republicans win it but do you know if
the Democrats were to pull this out if
it's close it gets to the situation
where you could you could chalk it up to
anything and there might be people out
there saying hey if you didn't go after
LeBron you don't think our roundtable
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
