folks well guess what it is 729 on the
East Coast and that means that in
exactly 24 hours and one minute polls
are gonna close in the last major
special election test before the big
midterms in November in this race has
suddenly become a barn burner it's in
the 12th district of Ohio dead middle
the state right around the Columbus area
Danny O'Connor the Democrats Roybal
derson the Republican we got polls
showing this thing dead even now the
backdrop this is a Republican district
of 12th district of Ohio John Kasich he
used to represented in Congress in 2016
it went for Trump by 11 points in 2012
it went for Romney by 11 points but if
you've been following these special
elections you know Democrats have been
able to make gains so far right around
10 11 points on average in these house
special elections so what are we going
to look forward amaro night if it's a
dead even race believe me I'm gonna be
at this board all night watching the
Returns come in I want to give you a
little bit of a preview of what we're
gonna be seeing tomorrow let's take a
closer look at the district because this
district is fascinating it is really a
story of the two different Americas we
talk about so much in terms of how 2016
happened one group we talk about we talk
about college-educated
upscale white collar professionals
suburban nights well that's a big part
of this district at least in terms of
population it's right here you see this
is this is a sort of part of Columbus
right here upscale suburbs right outside
Columbus bleeding over in a Delaware
County really more than half the vote in
the district is gonna come out of right
here you see Franklin County that's
Columbus Hillary Clinton won this by 18
points that was a big surge in the
Democrats direction a third of the votes
coming out of Franklin that's the
Democratic base so tomorrow night the
question is gonna be is O'Connor able to
match or even exceed Hillary Clinton's
number there and what's the turnout like
there Delaware County here again you're
talking suburbs Trump won it by 16 but
for a Republican that's bad these are
Republicans who some of them at least
were not comfortable with Trump so again
if that Republican number there's close
to 55 tomorrow that's very good news for
the Democrats but the rest of this
district right up here sort of the
northern part right down here licking
Muskingum County Zanesville you know
Mansfield up here this is the other
America we talk about so much blue
our white non-college white huge and I
mean huge swings in 2016 to Donald Trump
well this part of the district was
swinging away from Trump down here how
about this the portion of Muskingum
County this is Janesville right here the
portion of this County that's in the
district Barack Obama won in 2012 and in
2016 Donald Trump carried it by almost
30 points those are the kinds of swings
we're talking about so again that's the
other question here for Democrats they
want to run up the score right around
Columbus they want to be right around
where Clinton was in Delaware County
they want huge turnout here and then
that's the other question can they
improve can they get back somewhere
close to where Barack Obama did in the
other part of that district can they
erase that Trump surge in those
non-college white the blue color white
part of the district it's gonna be a
fascinating story two very different
parts of the district that went like
this in 2016 and again this is it this
is the last major special election test
before the midterms you know Democrats
would dearly love to win this one
Republicans hoping they don't have
another pa-18 on their hands 7:30
tomorrow night Eastern Time the polls
close
you better believe we'll be right here
as a results start to roll in oh hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
