begin though with Donald Trump story on
his sons 2016 meeting with Russians at
Trump Tower on Sunday the president
again acknowledged the meeting was set
up to get dirt on Hillary Clinton the
president tweeting this was a meeting to
get information on an opponent totally
legal and done all the time in politics
and it went nowhere I did not know about
it in addition to Donald Trump jr. Paul
Manafort and Jared Kushner were also
present at the meeting which was with a
well-connected Russian attorney Natalia
vessel Mnet's kaya and four other people
with Russian ties the president's son
was promised quote official documents
and information that would incriminate
Hillary in agreeing to the meeting
Donald Jr said if it's what you say I
love it and that response suggested at
least a willingness to collude on Trump
Junior's part this even as the Trump
team has continued to insist that there
was no actual collusion when that Trump
Tower meeting was revealed last summer
Trump world claimed it was about
adoption there was nothing that as far
as we know that would lead anyone to
believe that there was anything except
for a discussion about adoption the
Majin ski act but then there's the
president's son he was forced to confirm
that the meeting was set up under the
pretense of providing information to the
campaign on Hillary Clinton Trump jr.
saying last year that vessel mitts gaya
quote stated she had information on
Hillary Clinton but also he insisted
that no details or supporting
information was provided or even offered
when you read the parts about the
Russian government or Russia supporting
your father did that will put off any
sirens in your head honestly I don't
know I mean I think this was again just
basic information that was gonna be
possibly there my son is a wonderful
young man he took a meeting with a
Russian lawyer not a government lawyer
but a Russian lawyer I think from a
practical standpoint most people would
have taken that meeting
it's called opposition research or even
research into your opponent the
president's decision to tweet this
weekend reignites the controversy over
that meeting and all of the questions
around
which could be central to Robert molars
investigation and while the president
assists a meeting with Russian interests
to obtain information on his opponent
would be quote totally legal The
Associated Press notes that federal
campaign finance law makes it illegal
for a political campaign to accept a
thing of value from foreign nationals
and it's possible the AP says that
opposition research though not in and of
itself illegal could be considered in
that category for these purposes for
more I'm joined by Robert Costa
Washington Post national political
reporter Susan page Washington bureau
chief for USA Today Michael Steele
former chairman of the RNC and Daniel
Alonzo a former federal prosecutor
Robert Costa let me start with you and
just what do we know about we say it's
the president reigniting this
controversy with a tweet over the
weekend what do we know about the
context of the tweet why did he decide
to send it what was his state of mind
what was the stimulus for that what do
you know about it the president didn't
make this tweet in a vacuum he's facing
numerous political and legal challenges
on the horizon this week will his legal
team agreed it was sit down with robert
muller and his investigators or not will
Muller issue a subpoena
he knows the man of Fort trial is
ongoing he's been increasingly
frustrated about the news coverage of
that whole experience based on our
reporting over the weekend and so you
have a president also seen the legal
spotlight because of what Michael
Cohen's legal team is talking about
privately his son is being brought back
into the headlines it's getting personal
for president Truong and what do you
know Robert do you know anything in
terms of what folks around the president
lately specifically I guess his attorney
Rudy Giuliani what do they think of
tweeting something this explosive is
that something they're signing off on is
that something they're warning him not
to do is that something they're saying
afterwards please don't do this in the
future I was actually just talking to
Mayor Giuliani five minutes ago and he
reiterates every time you have a
conversation with him as a source
someone who's the president's chief
lawyer here that he can't control the
president's tweets that he works with
the president thinks through the legal
strategy but he really is actually he
says relying on President Trump to be
mounting a public war against Muller to
be the public messenger because the
White
as an operation is not really taking any
kind of lead here it's the president
Giuliani together with Jay Sekulow the
other lawyer in the end the president's
legal team thinking through how can they
take an axe to Muller and that entire
operation so Susan page if that's the
strategy if that's the thinking here
that rely on Trump use that platform use
Twitter as Robert says to try to take in
ax to Robert molar are they achieving
that at all well you know this is not a
legal strategy this is a political
strategy and it seems to me it's
designed not to help the president when
it comes to his legal troubles with
Robert Muller in fact it's likely seems
likely to make them worse it's designed
to set a different kind of landscape for
anything that mr. Miller finds out that
to be received to convince at least his
own supporters said nothing it wasn't
illegal or that everybody does that
invite by the way I didn't know anything
about it these are these are in this an
attempt to to set a context where people
won't take seriously or at least won't
be convinced that if there are serious
report is there's a serious report from
Robert Muller which is what we expect
that they should take it with a grain of
salt and we know from polling that
president Trump's core supporters are
persuaded by this that they are inclined
to believe that this is a witch-hunt and
that that he's being treated unfairly
whatever the findings of the special
counsel turn out to be in Indian you
look at this through the lens of
yourself being a former prosecutor how
does a prosecutor how might somebody in
in Moeller shoes look at Donald Trump's
tweet this week and how would they read
that well it depends I mean for one
thing it could be seen as with what they
call a fall six culpa Tory statement or
it could be seen as you know suddenly
communicating a message to witnesses out
there saying you know this is just
opposition research and and that happens
with some regularity it's not that
uncommon you kind of ignore the whole
rest of the equation which is okay fine
it's great to get opposition research
when you're a candidate but what about
the part where these are foreign
nationals and federal election law says
you're not supposed to get something of
a value from a foreign national good
question is this something of value
right is dirt something about yeah and I
think that's the other question then to
it is there from a legal standpoint here
from Muller is taking a look at this
established now it seems in the public
record was in intent
or an openness to collude the emails
telling Trump jr. hey look we got
something on Clinton and Trump jr.
saying great let's have a meeting so
there was an openness to it how much
from a legal standpoint that hinges on
whether something was actually exchanged
in that meeting well it's the whole
thing I mean that you could you could
imagine the defense maybe even
succeeding the Trump jr. wanted dirt on
Hillary desperately but it didn't think
for a minute that there was any problem
with dealing with the foreign national
so the whole point is is the foreign
national giving something of value that
might be the opposition research it
might be something as creative as well
the opposition research cost a lot of
money and so it does have a monetary
value a lot of times these cases hinge
on monetary value not on this kind of
more intangible value that we have here
and when the news broke about the
president's son holding that meeting
with someone promising and damaging
information about Hillary Clinton a
number of the president's aides
and allies came to his defense and at
first they denied the president was at
all involved he didn't he certainly
didn't dictate but you know he like I
said he weighed in offered suggestion
like any father would do the president
didn't sign off on on anything
eventually those aides now ides began to
walk that back yesterday Jay Sekulow the
president's personal lawyer was asked
about his earlier comments this is what
he told ABC why did you deny Devin
Trump's involvement when did you learn
that the denial wasn't true well let me
tell you two things on that one number
one is you know George I was in the case
at that point what a couple of weeks and
there was a lot of information that was
gathering and as my colleague Rudy
Giuliani said I had I had bad
information at that time I made a
mistake in my statement and Michael
Steele again this is about the initial
explanation that was offered by Trump
world and Donald Trump apparently
dictating that statement saying hey that
meeting it was about adoptions nothing
to see here I guess it points to a
bigger question and I'm curious as a
Republican looking ahead to these
elections you have what Robert Costa
laid out there in terms of whites for
the folks around from wire somebody like
Rudy Giuliani wants him publicly being
out there in the middle of it mixing it
up like this from a Republican
candidates perspective this year
somebody running for office in Trump's
party in a competitive election how do
they want him handling it do they see
benefit too
being out there trying to sort of poison
the jury honest or do they want them
saying absolutely nothing well it
depends on how you define competitive if
you're talking about competitive in a
plus 20 plus 30 congressional district
yeah you'll run with Trump all day long
because that's largely where the base in
that district is and it doesn't matter
the Democratic opposition that may come
you still have you have the cushion if
you will to withstand whatever they do
or however they try to nationalize the
election in fact you will likely
nationalize the election yourself if you
know if you're talking about something
with it's a little bit closer it's a
different conversation if you're at a
plus three plus five congressional
district you you're gonna walk a little
bit differently you're not necessarily
going to nationalize it you're gonna
keep it local and you don't want to
necessarily bring the president's
problems into your district because like
we see in a number of states including
Ohio that level of closeness in in what
should be arguably a Republican leaning
district becomes problematic yeah you
mentioned Ohio special election out
there for Congress tomorrow much more on
this later on Donald Trump jr. called in
meanwhile to Laura Ingram's radio show
earlier today and once again said the
primary issue of the meeting was
adoption let's listen Donnie did the
issue of adoption it's near and dear to
my heart because I have to Russian did
that come up when in the meeting with
this illness but like I said that was
the primary thing that we exploded about
in the meeting you know that's not the
premise that got them in the room and
then they started it was essentially you
know a bait and switch to talk about
that and everyone has basically said
that in testimony already I mean so this
is a this is nothing new and but you
know like I said it was I know an
understanding that's an important issue
to you and near and dear to many
people's hearts but this was nothing
that was a campaign issue to us this
wasn't relevant to us and it wasn't
something that we were gonna do anything
with in Robert Kosta Donald Trump jr.
the president's son being so central to
this being this sort of the the focus
and the speculation shifting so much Tim
in the last couple of days is there an
aspect of this of the president feeling
protective of
son the president has been protective of
his son throughout this entire process
and he's not just a son in the same way
that Ivanka Trump is inside of the White
House as a senior adviser to the
president you have Donald Trump jr. now
is a key surrogate for President Trump
ahead of these midterm elections
traveling around two different red
states trying to rally the president's
base he's someone who's inside if not
the White House he's inside of the
president's circle politically he's an
important force and you see him going to
Laura Ingraham someone who's been very
supportive of President Trump in trying
to explain his position but at this
point what really matters is not what he
says to a conservative commentator what
matters is what does Robert Mulder want
to do in terms of prosecuting or not
prosecuting that's his choice with
regard to this meeting in 2016
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
