you know they're talking about this blue
wave I don't think so look if the
Democrats get in they're gonna raise you
taxes you could have crime all over the
place you're gonna people pouring across
the border so why would that be a blue
wave I think it could be a red wave I
tell you what that of course was
President Trump in Ohio over the weekend
cheering on what he hopes we're red wave
in November but a progressive conference
down in New Orleans Netroots nation was
full-on gearing up for 2020 over the
weekend some top Democrats were
essentially testing the waters for
presidential campaign themes in what
Politico coined an early 2020
presidential dress rehearsal here's a
little bit of what went down in New
Orleans it is time for us to say no to
the politics of division to say no to
the ugly use of bigotry and fear we say
no you will not divide us Russians no
racism and other forms of hate have
always been America's Achilles heel and
we need to deal with that weakness we
are at a time where injustice has grown
to be normal in our country and it's
time for us to work together to get folk
walk Jason Johnson Brett Stevens back
with me Jason I got to go to you first
you were at Netroots what was your
takeaway this is the most focus and
that's words I've ever been to and I've
been to about four there were so many
panels there that were specifically
tailored to on the ground work it was
not a lot of sort of high-minded
philosophical things it was how to make
sure voters can get back on the rolls if
they've been purged how to make sure you
can get people to the polls how to make
sure you organize if there is a blue
wave coming it is certainly backed by a
lot of people who seem to have an actual
strategy as opposed to worrying about
message I was I was surprised by how
focused everybody was not a lot of
screaming
Russia is there a unified strategy
though because I want to start with
Democratic congressman Tim Ryan from New
Jersey from New Jersey I always am
Jersey on the mind he is from the state
of Ohio and he opened his speech calling
out the president yeah for his tweet
insulting LeBron James intelligence and
of course LeBron James and Ohio guy from
Akron here's what Tim Ryan said I'm wit
LeBron James
let you know hi Oh president Trump and
do your race baiting and make your
racial statements against people in Ohio
or anywhere across the country whether
it's LeBron James or Maxine Waters or
anybody else that ain't playing any more
president Trump so Tim Ryan said no and
the other clips we heard over and over
were say no to Trump's say no to Trump
but was there a prescription for what
people should say yes to because many
people could find President Trump
reprehensible in every way but then when
they look down and they say I want to be
financially secure socially free
physically safe were those solutions
offered to that audience they were and
Tim was one of the best people out there
non-biased
I've had students who went to work for
Tim I've you know he was the sort of
neighboring congressman to me but one of
the other things he talked about in that
speech is finding people who are in bad
neighborhoods who were trapped and can't
sell their houses he talked about a
woman who couldn't move out of her
neighborhood because her house is only
worth $4,000 and those are people who
voted for Trump exactly their house was
also worth $4,000 two years ago exactly
so he talked about look this is how we
have to change the value of these
people's lives this is how we have to
change the value of these people's
communities so they're not trapped I
heard a lot of that there that's why it
was better look the last Netroots I was
at was a 2015 when people were shouting
down Bernie Sanders and they were
screaming and yelling about social
justice issues this is the one where
they're talking about strategy not just
talking about who they like in 2020 all
right well mr. Stevens that I want to
share this because in your recent column
you make some very bold predictions
about the 2020 presidential election and
you say quote Donald J Trump has been
decisively re-elected as president of
the United States efforts to impeach the
president mainly served to energize his
base polling survey suggested that
wavering voters saw Democratic Party
more invested in humiliating the
president then in helping him lay this
out front okay well that was that column
was date lined November fourth 2020 it's
not a prediction it's a warning okay
it's a warning about how Donald Trump
will be reelected if Democrats move
further to their blue state
constituencies Cory Booker Elizabeth
Warren Kamala Harris instead of reaching
out to the purple state constituencies
the key for the key for taking back the
White House is Democrats have to speak
to those purple voters those vote
flippers went for Obama into in 2012 and
then went for Trump in 2016 and it has
to be an agenda about how I'm going to
help you not hey I hate the president
even more and I can say it in in even
more robust and vivid language that's
key at that point
Cory Booker's get woke message is that a
message to people whose vote he already
has cuz Jacob because Democratic
congressman suppose South Molton from
Massachusetts this is a centrist guy he
is calling for new leadership for the
Democratic Party listen it's time for a
new generation of leadership I have
given a lot of thought to the kind of
leadership that we want what we want to
see in our in our new leaders but one
thing is we've got to have leaders who
have vision who will really talk about
the future not just criticize Trump and
the Republicans but let's talk about
what Democrats stand for how we're gonna
bring jobs back how we're gonna be
strong and safe with national security I
mean you hear that and you say right on
but saying that he's coming he's butting
right up against the best fundraiser
Democrats have and that's Nancy Pelosi
so what is the future of the Democratic
Party look like I really think if the
Democrats end up winning the house I
think Nancy Pelosi is out uee Conner Lam
who I think Tim's gonna run I think I
think you're gonna see a lot of
Midwestern people I think yeah I think
Tim Ryan's gonna run I forget the name
of the gentleman I can't believe in
California right now yes well I think
those are probably your top two
contenders there's going to be some
youngster there that's what's important
you need sometimes you need a wartime
consigliere right you need guys who can
fight and I think look Nancy Pelosi
deserves a gold watch she has done an
excellent job but there's a new
generation of people who want more
aggression not just about going after
Trump but about the issues that matter
in America not someone
I mind itself in DC alright well Brett
when we talk about voter engagement
Democrats are seeing a bump in voter
turnout eighty four percent more than
they saw in 2014 in this year's
primaries is that enough
well look it might be I think it's if I
had to place a small wager I'd say
Democrats are going to take the house
fail to fail to take the Senate here
here's here's a here's a problem that
Democrats have which is sentiment that
the country is going in the right
direction has been rising it's still
well below the wrong track sentiment but
almost steadily for the last year it's
been going up from like 29% to about I
think 40 Oh 40 1 % we're selfish
creatures especially if we're living
paycheck to paycheck we're willing to
say the president is a foul and awful
person but I got to ition paid for
that's that's exactly right I think
Democrats are under playing the fact
that you do have a relatively strong
economy you have surges I know I
understand all the Proms deficit wage
stagnation and those are points that
ought to be emphasized by Democrats but
don't underplay the fact that you've got
a very unpopular president nonetheless
rise of writing a seemingly positive
economic wave Democrats are gonna have
to find a way to get under that's a key
thing about this this shouldn't even be
happening with an economy that's good
the Democrats shouldn't be winning the
way they're already winning so that to
me says it's indicative that there's
just hunger out there's a frustration
with the American people that seems to
transcend the economy because Trump
should not be in the low 40s but if the
economy is the winning strategy are
Democrats not running a risk that
they're pushing against the economy and
going further to the left to a more
socialist agenda I think when you look
at Georgia I think when you look at Ohio
I think when you look at Virginia people
are talking about issues like health
care they're talking about taxes they're
talking about tuition for schools
they're talking about the environment
this the the imprisoning of children at
the border has just damaged the
Republicans so much even in purple
states amongst women voters against the
suburban women I think the Democrats are
in a very good position by staying away
from the economy and talking about what
the government should be doing not just
what the correction is crazy template
for for Democrats but they should
consider a George W Bush won the
presidency in 2000 despite a very strong
economy by calling himself a
compassionate conservative and promising
to restore honor and dignity of the
White House compassion and decency
I think most hopefully all Americans
would certainly say we want that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
