the National Rifle Association claims a
legal battle with the state of New York
is draining its bank account Democratic
Governor Andrew Cuomo announced on
Friday that the state was moving to
dismiss a lawsuit the NRA filed in
federal court in May which accused state
officials of blacklisting them by
preventing financial institutions and
insurers in New York from doing business
with the group
the NRA told NPR that if insurers remain
afraid to transact with the NRA there is
a substantial risk that NRA TV will be
forced to cease operating and the
governor of New York Andrew Cuomo joins
us now thank you very much governor I
understand there's a little bit of a
delay here but we'll get through it
are you blacklisting the NRA thank you
know what happened mica is as you know
states regulate the insurance industry
within that state and we have a law in
New York that says you cannot insure
someone for an intentional bad Act you
can't insure someone for breaking the
law and this insurance product was
called carry guard it was designed for
people who carry weapons and it
basically insured them for an
intentional bad Act the expression was
murder insurance the insurance company
that was providing the product paid a
fine they signed a consent order they're
no longer selling the product the NRA
was the broker on the product
essentially and they were making you a
commission they're no longer making the
Commission but they were selling an
illegal product you know and I don't
have a lot of sympathy for a group that
says well I've lost the revenue from now
being disabled from selling that illegal
product you know that's I don't get they
they don't get a lot of sympathy from me
in general mica but here they clearly
broke the law they are right that I have
been a long term political opponent of
the NRA who went back to my time in the
federal government with the Clinton
administration I believe they are an
extremist organization
I believe they don't want any progress
on gun
because it would put them out of
business the majority of gun owners in
this country support reasonable gun
control background checks etc and I
think the NRA frustrates any progress
just so they have a business line to
further so I don't understand governor
right when I was reading these stories
over the past several days at the NRA
claims that it's in a financial crisis
and may be facing bankruptcy because of
some some issues that they're having in
the state of New York don't really
understand that considering they still
give millions of dollars to people that
promote their agenda on Capitol Hill so
we just talking about a reorganization
that would prevent them from being
liable in any possible legal lawsuits
way when they say there they may be
facing bankruptcy what exactly does that
mean no Joe I'm with you I think it's a
frivolous lawsuit I don't even know
their point I am sure they lost revenue
from losing the sale of this insurance
product I did not know that it was such
a significant portion of their revenue
I'm not sure that it is by the way but
they're crying poverty now it is true
that they rely on the money because the
way they bully the politicians Joe is
you know we both seen it they need
millions of dollars to run those ads to
keep the politicians in line and they're
saying that the loss of this insurance
product is going to make a significant
dent on their coffers now I don't know
if that's true or not true but look from
my point of view I do disagree with them
politically and if they have less money
to bully and threaten politicians into
irrational positions you know I'm not
gonna lose any sleep over that and if
they went away you know I would offer my
thoughts and prayers Joe just like they
do
every time we we have another situation
of innocents losing their lives 154 mass
shootings this year the nation is
paralyzed we're doing nothing no
reasonable reform that we know we could
agree to if you didn't have politicians
scared to death of the NRA hey Governor
John Heilemann here I want to ask you a
quick question about this in a broader
scale it seems like you're in this in
this in this act actually you're taking
in the the kind of effect you're having
you're sort of fighting a guerrilla
campaign and I mean guerilla in terms
like guerrilla warfare campaign against
the NRA I wonder whether you think that
if you're successful and if you actually
do all right whatever level kind of
makes them cop take some kind of a make
you have a dent in the NRA
whether this provides a blueprint to
ways in which other states can chip away
at the NRA power or on the other hand
whether the only way to really take the
NRA down is on the national level well
it's a good question John you know I
think they have shown a vulnerability
here frankly that I didn't see when they
said that loss of this insurance product
is going to make such a significant
difference on their revenues I am now
reaching out to the other states because
I believe this insurance product is
going to be illegal from a public policy
point of view in most most states and
now that the NRA said this is a major
source of revenue I'm gonna pursue it
nationwide it wasn't a guerrilla attack
look I think these guys are bad guys and
it started from the Clinton
administration with the SAFE Act that
could have done great work that the gun
manufacturers supported until the NRA
came in and and literally pressured the
gun manufacturers not to make an
arrangement
I passed the best gun control law in the
nation five years ago called the safe
act they demonized me the SAFE Act does
everything we're trying to do today
every
mental health database assault weapons
etc and you know what five years later
hunters still have their guns legal
owners have guns there was no slippery
slope and the NRA hates that they hate
letting people know that you could
actually have reasonable gun control
that most gun gun owners support but if
we if if we're not willing to take them
on we'll never get anywhere on this
problem I mean I was there I know the
dynamic in Washington the Republicans
are afraid of the NRA period the
president after the Parkland shooting
did that briefing in the White House
conference room where he was asking very
reasonable questions why don't we raise
the purchase age why do we really need
young people with assault weapons he met
with the NRA he did a 180 the next day
they're afraid of the NRA and that's why
we're doing absolutely nothing
all right Governor Andrew Cuomo thank
you so much for being with us we greatly
appreciate it and thanks for everyone
mieka thanks for checking out MSNBC on
youtube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
