you know it's important to keep
reviewing the facts especially as the
president and others try and muddle them
on Twitter the New Yorkers Adam Davidson
lays out the facts about which there is
no dispute at all but the president's
son and top advisers knowingly met with
individuals connected to the Russian
government hoping to obtain dirt on
their political opponent that document
stolen from the Democratic National
Committee and members of the Clinton
campaign were later used in an overt
effort to sway the election these are
facts that when the Trump Tower meeting
was uncovered the president instructed
his son and staff to lie about the
meeting and told them precisely which
lies to use and that the president is
attempting to end the investigation into
this meeting and other instances of
attempted collusion between his campaign
staff and representatives of the Russian
government and Joe the president all
along saying no collusion no collusion
yeah well I mean okay that means nothing
he might as well be saying no wiffle
ball tournaments in the backyard I mean
if there's conspiracy that's that's a
crime if there's a conspiracy to get
information from a foreign national
anything of worth that's a crime Mike
Barnicle he can run around saying no
collusion all he wants it you know maybe
maybe it's conspiracy again dick allude
with a foreign national to get something
anything of value that's a crime but
again in this case as we said about
Watergate as everybody says about it
seems every political scandal at the end
of the day it may not be the crime it
made me the cover-up to the crime that
does the most damage and we have all of
this in broad daylight Donald Trump has
been lying through his teeth about
everything but about this meeting
specifically from the very beginning
yeah well Joe that's that's the point
the principle point of danger from mr.
Trump right now post meeting what
happened after post meeting and we know
for a fact
FAC T fact that he sat on Air Force One
and helped her pay
a false statement and Richard that's
just further and mesh's him into not
collusion but a conspiracy yeah cuz
again harkening back to Watergate it so
it's both what you do and then what you
do about what you did so now we have the
the pretty clear evidence that this
meeting took place and when you read the
law it never says that money has to
change hands it could be a contribution
of any sort so you've got the meeting
and then you've gotta now the attempt to
essentially hide what actually the
purpose of the meeting and what happened
at the minute so you've got it coming
and going and I think this I think we've
actually entered now a very different
realm because we're no longer
speculating now we actually have people
essentially admitting what how is it the
people yeah the people being in this
case the president knighted States
inward on Twitter admitting what
happened and and you know Richard brings
up a great point weak it doesn't have to
be cash there doesn't have to be an
exchange of cash for something of value
whenever somebody who doing Frisch a
fish fry for me in Northwest Florida I
had to write down how much everything
was worth all right napkins cups fish
everything it barbecue it's the same
thing anything of value that's called an
in-kind contribution and the law has
always looked at that just as seriously
as they've looked at you know as they've
looked at at money exchanging hands and
in this case getting this kind of dirt
attempting to get this type of dirt from
and to coordinate the release of that
dirt against an opponent boy that's
worth a couple of a couple of fish
that's worth a ton of money we'll get a
sense of how this is playing on Capitol
Hill from Casey hun in just a moment but
first Eddie Glaude let's go out to
20,000 30,000 feet I said I would assume
that you'd be talking to your students a
lot this fall about where the truth is
going in the age of Trump because every
day that he is president he and many of
his Stooges members of his team whatever
you want to call them they're devaluing
the truth and
this is bringing us to a new place no
absolutely one of the things we would
have to talk about is what does this
mean for our democracy what does it mean
for right honest and serious
deliberation about the current state of
the country in some ways we've talked
about Trump's behavior as eroding the
the power of the office of the
presidency but it cuts even deeper than
just simply the symbolic significance of
that office it cuts to the heart of who
we take ourselves to be as a Democratic
Society and so not only was it a
conspiracy to defraud he's aiding and
abetting in the undermining and
interesting sorts of ways of our
democratic of our democratic society and
you know what's interesting I keep going
back to this page 279 in Michael Wolf's
fire and fury
Bannen blows his stack over this meeting
and what they do on the air what they
did on the airport and he said Donald Jr
will crack like an egg Michael Cohen
will crack like an egg Bannon said way
back when as much as we might think
about that book whatever we think about
that book vadym expressly said that this
would be the problem this meeting right
here and and you know you can disregard
so much Casey hunt of what Bannon said
you can disregard so much of what's in
fire and fury if you want to but Bannon
was dead on there I actually talked to a
reporter back in March or April of 2017
and I asked who D thinks in the most
legal jeopardy his response Don junior
none of us and he knew about that
meeting none of us knew he was in in and
close with the Trump campaign he knew
about the meeting and if he knew about
the meeting you know Muller's team knew
about the meeting there is no doubt for
over a year
the Muller team has been looking at Don
junior and this meeting and the setting
up of this meeting and how excited he
was to have this meeting and considered
him to be perhaps of all the people
around Donald Trump the person in the
most legal jeopardy and Joe think about
Robert Muller's broader strategy as a
prosecutor he has shown throughout this
investigation that one of the most
effective ways for him to put pressure
on the principles that he's interested
in going after is to go after their
families to pressure
Michael Flynn's son for example to
pressure mana fort Paul mana forts
family has come under pressure his
daughter son-in-law in in the course of
these investigations I mean this is
clearly and I think Phil Rutgers great
reporting the team at the Washington
Post over the weekend about the
president's mental state shows you that
that's working I mean this is his
namesake son and I think those tweets
you know reveal that this president has
been pushed farther than he has ever
before and that this is really getting
to him and and that's that's not an
accident that's a strategy hey Phil III
gotta ask you just because you you your
team your paper y'all have done some of
the best reporting on this of all and
you've done the reporting in this
particular case that seems to have
triggered the president I will note I
find it extraordinary then of the most
extraordinary ironies of this whole
thing is that by it by writing this
tweet out of concern for his son Donald
Trump has made his son's situation worse
by going effectively going on the record
and saying that his son in fact was
doing something that was illegal but I
want to ask you in that context what do
people around the president think comes
next
given that the thing one of the things
that triggers Trump most is the did the
possible jeopardy of the people close to
him including his family what do they
anticipate will be the next stages of
this as Trump starts to not just lash
out on Twitter well how far do they
think he will go and know it's
speculative to try to protect his son
his son-in-law his daughter anybody who
happens to be in Bob Miller's crosshairs
yeah so John it's entirely speculative
and and the truth is they don't quite
know how far the president's going to go
but there are a couple things going on
here there's a general feeling on the
legal team at the White House generally
speaking that there could be a big shoe
to drop for Moeller in the next couple
of weeks before Labor Day that he may
have another round of indictments
and may sort of take some action before
the midterm campaign season really kicks
in New Year and Labor Day at which point
there's an expectation that Miller would
go dark for a little while until after
the election and then the second thing
going on is Trump is currently weighing
whether to sit down with Muller for an
interview those discussions are going on
right now as we speak over the next few
days he's expected to decide he and his
lawyers have been disagreeing about this
the president wants to talk to Muller
for the interview the lawyers obviously
don't want him to because of all the
potential problems the president could
create for himself if he's not truthful
and we know that he's not always
truthful Washington Post fact checker by
the way has more than 4,000 missed
truths and lies so far so there's all
that tension going on behind the scenes
and that's also what's fueling what
you're seeing publicly from the
president you know Joe sadly there's a
larger universe that we've alluded to
this morning but haven't really spoken
about and it's the universe called
America and right now America is being
led by a man who uses his public
appearances at rallies across this
country first time in my lifetime first
time I think in anyone's lifetime that
the President of the United States uses
these appearances to foster hate
division unrest and you just wonder now
really the impact of that I wonder about
it about the impact of that much more so
than these legal things that he's going
to go through obstruction whatever you
want to call it a conspiracy this is
really this is really a pivotal moment
in the course of American history well
it really is you know but there there
are so many different Americas and it's
a big place I I remember during the BP
spill and we looked at the sewage at the
oil coming out of that that that pipe at
the bottom of the Gulf and as somebody
that was you know a lifelong resident of
the Gulf of Mexico was concerned and we
were all concerned and we read articles
about how that would destroy destroy
you know all life in the Gulf 450 years
to come and shrimping industry would be
wiped out well it was a big Gulf it went
away thank God it went away and
hopefully there won't be too much
contamination from it but they're
different Americas there there is the
America that Donald Trump's White House
there is there is that reality it's
something that we focus on an awful lot
because it's our job to focus on it the
Russia investigation is extraordinarily
serious the violence that he does to
constitutional norms extraordinarily
serious what he says about reporters
extraordinarily serious we focus on that
most of Americans aren't focusing on
that right now they are still focusing
on their job their paycheck every two
weeks how their small business is doing
are they going to be able to comfortably
afford to send their kids back to school
in the fall are they going to be able to
afford to get a new car by that standard
I'll tell you right now a lot of
America's thinking things are going
pretty well and no I'm not going to be
watching Donald Trump tonight at a rally
I'm gonna watch the office again I'm
gonna watch reruns of Modern Family I'm
gonna watch a movie on Netflix and
that's sort of what I I found during
impeachment we were all going crazy up
on Capitol Hill most everybody else
during that time the kids were out of
school they were getting ready for
Christmas they were focusing on things
far different than what we were focusing
on that doesn't mean what we're talking
about mica right now isn't
extraordinarily important yeah I think
it is and as far as history goes and
government goes it is the most important
thing and we have to talk about it
people have a responsibility to talk
about it but we do have to understand
that for a lot of people Donald Trump is
an entertaining sideshow perhaps a
maddening sideshow but they see a very
strong economy yeah and it's gonna be a
big question make it in those two more
those people go out and vote in November
or two more women more young people more
black voters more Hispanic voters who
have been insulted more Muslim American
voters that have been insulted and told
basically you don't belong in America do
more of those voters go out and say
enough this isn't the land that that we
read about growing up this isn't this
isn't the land that is framed by the
Statue of Liberty so we'll see but there
is no doubt right now it's a little
complicated out there and either party
can win going into the fall a lot of
folks are busy with their jobs our jobs
are to ask the questions which we will
continue to do and fill up rock earth we
thank you
well you know me go see what our jobs
are - hmm - watch the Yankees and the
Red Sox well there is that
now stop you starting in the block with
that do you think hey Richard let me
tell you something
162 games as you know this time
yesterday this time yesterday 40 years
ago the Boston Red Sox were 40 games
ahead of the New York Yankees and then a
guy named Bucky Dent came into Fenway
and hit a home run it ain't over
Richard until it's over but just between
you and me Joe I thought you were bigger
and bigger man but but if it makes you
feel bad to make you go after me today I
mean really
it's really all I have in life okay
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
