so no what I wanted to be able to
express with my ties to let these
families know that they're not alone you
know I'm not here you know boysson but
by these names on my time at a big
platform as the Pro Football Hall of
Fame there's a lot of stuff going on in
our country and I just want to let these
these these family members know that
they're not alone NFL star Randy Moss
made a quiet but powerful statement
Saturday night during his induction into
the Pro Football Hall of Fame
sporting a tie emblazoned with the names
of black and brown victims of police
violence including Tamir rice Sandra
bland Michael Brown Alton sterling Eric
garner Walter Scott and Freddie gray
moss once played football with former
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin
Kaepernick another outspoken athlete who
used his platform to protest the loss of
black and brown lives at the hands of
police and who paid for it with his
career joining me now are two men who
disagree of whether the price that
Kaepernick paid was justified Camille
foster host of the podcast the fifth
column and Turay host of the trade show
thank you both for being here I don't
want to start by since we've been
talking about LeBron a lot this week
playing what LeBron James told our
friend Don Lemon on Monday about Colin
Kaepernick tickle you heard what the
president has said about Marshawn hmm
about staff yep about you know it seems
like it's come from it calculating the
men of color who have means and a
platform yeah what's up with that we'll
start with that is all wrong and it's
not up is down and you know for him to
like I say you sports to kind of divide
us there's something I can't I can't sit
back and not and I say nothing do you
think he uses black athletes as a
scapegoat at times at times and more
often than not I believe he uses
anything that's popular to try to negate
people from thinking about the positive
things that they can actually be doing
Camille foster do you think that the
president has unfairly
colin kaepernick and do you think that
it is unjust the colin kaepernick is no
longer playing in the NFL well let me
take the last question first I mean I'm
not certain why Colin Kaepernick isn't
playing in the NFL I don't know if it
has anything to do with sort of his
skill on the field or something with the
owner is making a decision based on his
very very vocal protests but with
respect to the president's antics and I
think it's fair to call them antics the
president is a bit of a bore he calls
people's names he does all sorts of
silliness I don't think that is
appropriate I think it's a problem when
the President of the United States is
sort of caricature young people and
demagoguing them that being said the
fact is that there is a lot about the
conversation about police reforms police
involved shootings that I think is very
unhealthy the fact is that when people
from sort of the black lives matter camp
talk about things or when someone takes
a knee the thinking is that anyone who
disagrees with their perspective does so
because they don't care about black
lives and on the other side the
sensibility is if you're taking a knee
well you're disrespecting my flag these
are two camps who are largely talking
past one another and not talking about
the issues that they fundamentally care
about which is why I would say that if
you have a movement like this and you're
interested in achieving reforms it's not
obvious to me that having a Colin
Kaepernick for example be the tip of the
spear with your reform agenda is going
to be a great strategy he is inclined in
many cases to sort of say things that
inflame issues that are a bit hyperbolic
and that don't really get to the heart
of the issue we've had in 2017 you had
less than a thousand people shot and
killed by police that's a number that's
important but it's less than a thousand
we shouldn't be hysterical only about 68
of those people were unarmed and only 20
of those people were black 30 of them
were white this is an issue that is
materially significant for all Americans
of all races and we should be talking
about it in that way not vulcanizing it
and making it narrowly about race so I
have no confusion about why Colin
Kaepernick is not in the NFL right now
he is a better quarterback than about 50
percent of the people 50 percent of the
men who will take the first snap and
most the game starting when the season
starts he's not there because they don't
like his protest because a lot of the
fans the white fans are bothered by his
protest and look the core issue here is
the killing the wrongful killing of
black people by agents of their
governments Colin Kaepernick is morally
right indeed it has a moral imperative
to speak about this when he has a
platform and the notion that you don't
do this in your workplace really does
not fit and I would agree with it in 99%
of cases accountants should not be going
into H&R Block and saying hey let's talk
about our educational policy in this
country but when you have an issue of
life or death like this and I want to
dismiss it by like well here's a couple
of numbers 1 2 3 is far too many
wrongfully killed by our government when
you have an issue like that and you have
a platform like Colin Kaepernick has you
have to say something my question is not
why is Kaepernick saying so much my
question is why are not more people
saying more because this is an
incredibly important issue in modern
America why would we settle for any
number of black people being wrongfully
killed by their own government and you
know chemi I would take exception just
the first thing you said that there's a
question of why Colin Kaepernick isn't
claimed and it's a subject of a lawsuit
that he has filed against the NFL saying
there was collusion I mean it doesn't
see it seems more than coincidental that
he and Eric Reid who both took a knee
the original protesters are not on
rosters that other players who decided
to do that protests are not on rosters
you just had EA Sports have to apologize
for literally cutting Colin Kaepernick's
name out of the soundtrack to the Madden
L NFL game they apologized to him and to
Big Sean to other people my friend Kyle
Harvey has a piece up at the shadow
league asking when did Colin
Kaepernick's name become a curse word
it's used essentially as a curse word by
the President of the United States how
can you say there's any question that
he's been blacklisted because of his
protest I'm being very precise here I
can only speculate about the reason why
he has not been picked up by a team
there are plenty of players who have
really dodgy track records who
managed to get picked up by teams in
various circumstances what I can talk
about however and very calm in a very
concrete way but not nearly as concrete
as I'd like is the fact that I am an
advocate for criminal justice reform I
think that there should be independent
investigation of all police involved
shootings and I think narrowly talking
about this as if it is only a racial
issue or even primarily a racial issue
actually is myopic and misses the point
of some of those more fundamental
reforms that benefit all Americans this
doesn't have to be something where
people are disagreeing but vehemently
with one another if I ask you a narrow
question like if the police kill should
they investigate themselves I don't know
an American of any political party who
could disagree with that well I would
disagree with that because I'd rather
see an independent board investigating
them we typically see themselves doesn't
actually ever work
we that's what happens in nearly a
hundred percent of police involvement it
lets her I finish this thought then I'll
come back no just that I mean let you
know we have a significant problem here
and the issue is consistently lost
because they don't want to deal with the
problem that too many black men and
women are being killed by agents of
their government the police are part of
the government and we are not receiving
effective policing when we are scared in
our communities of being killed by the
police this is not something that we can
just sort of just say just shut up and
play because that is the other side of
this that's ultimately what you're
saying we don't want to hear what you
have to say something either they say
there's a first amendment argument
there's a First Amendment issue and just
a general right in America to protest
when you're not getting the justice that
you deserve and if Colin Kaepernick is
said don't protest then you're saying
shut up and play
yeah and lastly to you Camille I mean it
statistically it is just a fact that
black that african-americans are killed
more often than their white counterparts
by the leaves that is just an actual
fact so what would be wrong with
athletes who are black and who are
themselves subject to that kind of
violence potentially if they're on the
street
joining in those protests very black
people are over-represented in shooting
statistics they're also over-represented
in rates of homicide and in its
perpetrators
are you doing what I'm back I'm black no
I'm actually doing I'm doing something
something fundamentally different than
that I'm saying that I don't know that
just looking at the disparities is
enough I think this is a bigger issue
where that we static where we have to
have you guys come back because that I
said it wasn't what I asked you about I
was asking about murders by police but
you know it's a good debate we'll have
you guys back Camille roster Turay thank
you guys morning coming up hey thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more a.m. joy and the
rest of MSNBC and click on any of the
videos right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
