rusha
if you're listening I hope you're able
to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing I think you will probably be
rewarded mightily by our press I have
nothing to do with Russia I said that I
said that Putin has much better
leadership qualities than Obama but who
doesn't know that good morning and
welcome to am joy well Donald Trump
can't keep his little Twitter finger
still and he might have stumbled into a
complete game changer to game-changer in
Russia gate and the infamous Trump Tower
meeting Trump tweeted this morning quote
this was a meeting to get information on
an opponent totally illegal and done all
the time in politics and it went nowhere
I did not know about it
well that significantly contradicts a
written statement from Trump on behalf
of his son Donald Trump jr. more than a
year ago about the purpose of that
meeting which we were told was the
adoption of Russian children Trump's
lawyer Jay Sekulow defended Trump on ABC
just moments ago
you have to look at the totality yeah
and that's when you look at a meeting
when you're looking at meeting George
that took place in a year before the not
two years ago the question is what law
statute a ruler regulations been
violated nobody's pointed to one
let's bring in my panel Washington Post
opinion columnist Jonathan Capehart
former Florida Republican congressman
David jolly and joining me now by phone
MSNBC legal analysts Danny Cevallos and
Joyce Van Simon to get to the lures in a
second but Jonathan I want to give you
the chance to react to the fact that the
Donald Trump has now tweeted out a
contradiction to his own previous
statements about what that Trump Tower
meeting was about yeah look what we have
here is yet another example of the
President of the United States willfully
lying the other thing is he he has a
tendency to do two things one hide in
plain sight
so by saying I'm not worried about my
son Don jr. that means he's really
worried about his son Don jr. especially
given the story that's in The Washington
Post
des and the second thing is this only
makes sense if you understand that the
President of the United States that
Donald Trump plays primarily in the
court of public opinion these tweets
play very well with his base the problem
that he has is that these tweets are
landing in the court of law
an investigation that's underway by
Special Counsel robert muller where
public opinion has no sway the rule of
law has sway and as you said at the top
of the show this is a game changer
because he has now contradicted himself
and put himself squarely in the middle
of that June 16th 2016 meeting where
we've been trying to everyone's been
trying to understand or figure out did
he know about this meeting did Don Jr
tell him about this meeting the
president now is sorted to my mind made
it clear he knew something about it yeah
and just tea up for those who haven't
read the Washington Post story you
should read it this morning and part of
that is that Donald Trump has become
enamored of the new talking point from
his TV lawyer Rudy Giuliani that that
collusion is not a crime so they've gone
from no collusion no collusion no
collusion to collusion is not a crime
and then also give us a little bit more
about what's report in The Washington
Post just about his mood and raging yeah
he privately has been raging about what
what's happening
he's particularly upset about the news
coverage about why isn't he getting more
credit for what he views as as the good
works that he's done and unfortunately
as the the Post reported on Friday on
the front page on Thursday on the front
page 4229 lies just in the first six
months of this year alone reason why
he's not getting the favorable news
coverage is because he's been he the
press spends an inordinate amount of
time reporting what he says and then at
the same time fact-checking what he's
exactly let me read just a little bit
from the story Trump has confide visit
the Washington Post piece that
Jonathan's referring to Trump has
confided to friends and advisers that he
is worried the Muller probe could
destroy the lives of what he calls
innocent and decent people namely Donald
Trump jr. who's under scrutiny by Muller
for his role organizing a June 2016
meeting at Trump Tower with the Russians
promising dirt on Hillary Clinton as one
adviser described the press
thinking he does not believe his son
purposefully broke the law but it's
fearful nonetheless that Trump jr.
inadvertently may have wandered into
legal jeopardy at that point let me
bring in Joyce Vance and talk about that
just for a moment Donald Trump is now
saying whereas his previous denials said
this was from the New York Times a year
ago he told according to the New York
Times Trump said we primarily discussed
the program about the adoption of
Russian children that was active and
popular with American families years ago
and was since ended by the Russian
government but it was not campaigning
assume there was no follow-up that was
Trump jr. and a statement that was
dictated in part written by his father
on Air Force One what does it say to you
Joyce that now the president of the
United States is completely
contradicting that previous statement
he's made a concession with this tweet
this morning joy he says that the
meeting was a meeting to get information
on opponents and although he didn't say
it was a meeting to get information from
Russian we already know that that's a
well-known fact and that's precisely the
conduct that's illegal under US statute
it's illegal for someone to solicit to
accept her to receive either a
contribution or a donation from a
foreign citizen so now we have the
president saying that at least the three
people from his campaign who were in the
meeting his son Don Jr Paul Manafort and
his son-in-law Gerald Kushner were
involved in soliciting this sort of
information from Russians we know that
the campaign ultimately received some
assistance and in the form of emails and
really the only open question after this
email is whether the president knew
about this meeting in advance whether he
signed off on it because surely he's
part of a conspiracy to cover it up
after it's packed with the the cover-up
story that you've just referenced that
he dictated well on Air Force One and
Danny Cevallos what you had a year ago
again Donald Trump the President of the
United States dictating a statement that
ended up in the New York Times that he
helped to craft in which they said that
the meeting that took place in Trump
Tower between Donald Trump jr. Jared
Kushner his son-in-law Paul Manafort
than campaign chairman and Russian
Russian lawyer Natalia vessel Disgaea
tied directly to the Kremlin they said
it was about adoption but when you hear
adoption we hear Magnitsky act we know
that the Russian government stopped the
adoption of Russian children by
Americans by Americans in retaliation
for the Magnitsky Act which targeted
Russian oligarchs for individualized
sanctions so we know that when your
adoptions we hear Magnitsky donald trump
has previously said that anyone would
have taken such a meeting he said the
new york times statement wasn't given to
a court me there was no legal obligation
to be truthful in that statement
however this morning he's still
contradicting that statement is that a
legal problem for Donald Trump or for
Donald Trump jr. as is often the case
during this administration I find myself
studying a 25 president like it is a
religious text and as I read this text I
can see it capable of more than one
interpretation because Trump says that
this was a meeting to get information on
an opponent and it went nowhere I did
not know about it but when was that lack
of knowledge was it immediately after
the meeting because if it was moments
later or a day later than arguably
Donald Trump knew about this meeting for
a long time the content of the meeting
and he's making an admission to that in
fact the interpretation that is most
favorable and again I'm thinking like a
defense attorney here the one that is
most favorable to Donald Trump would be
if he did not know about it until say
yesterday if that's the case then that
still means he authorized or a fruit of
statements that that were false which
means that somebody's either duped him
or or maybe he did actually know about
it so I think this tweet is very
problematic because it directly
contradicts what's been said before but
depending on the time line
interpretation and again it's it's vague
as to windy did not know about it
it could be either a worse problem or
even a super worse problem yeah
let me read let me just put this up for
our audience again and again you know we
don't really normally read his tweets
anymore on the show because it usually
it isn't really that edifying for the
audience to do so but in this case this
is actually a pretty significant
statement so I am gonna read it again
because this is what Donald Trump was up
tweeting this morning from vacation by
the way fake news reporting a complete
fabrication we don't need to read that
part that I'm concerned about the
meeting my wonderful son Donald had in
Trump Tower this was a meeting to get
information on an opponent totally legal
and done all the time in politics and it
went nowhere I did not know about it let
me bring in David jolly former
Republican congressman from Florida
because what Donald Trump seems to be
doing now is adopting the communication
strategy of his television lawyer Rudy
Giuliani because the new line from
Republicans is that collusion is not a
crime so he's gone from no collusion to
collusion is not a crime I wonder how
what we call the committee to defend the
president reacts to a shift in the
president's explanation to I did it but
it isn't criminal to the meeting really
was about getting dirt on Hillary
Clinton sure it's the final chapter and
the gaslighting of the Trump base in the
Republican Party you will see no
reaction from the Republican Party in
this case joy look at what just happened
from a historical and political
perspective that tweet and that tweet
the president United States says my son
during my presidential campaign met in
my building with Russian agents who
wanted to influence the election that is
a declarative by the president this
morning legally whether or not there was
collusion or not I believe if you if you
take a less conservative view we see a
president who's becoming
continuing to become more careless in
his defense and I believe what begins to
come on the table his questions of
public corruption questions of honest
services there may be as Joyce said a
contribution and a legal contribution
here and the final thing I would say joy
joy you read a statement I believe it
tweet from the president suggesting the
president's concerned about about good
people getting hurt through this process
that honestly is kind of the last
chapter in a criminal conviction when
they begin asking for empathy that these
are simply good people who didn't know
they were doing wrong yeah I want to
play for the audience Jay Sekulow who is
another one of Donald Trump's attorneys
also in a sense of TV attorney who's on
ABC
the BBC's this week with George
Stephanopoulos he's asked why the
explanations for this Trump Tower
meeting keep changing and here's what
Jay Sekulow had to say I was in the case
at that point what a couple of weeks and
there was a lot of information that was
gathering and as my colleague Rudy
Giuliani said I had I had bad
information at that time I made a
mistake in my statement I've talked
about that before that happens when you
have cases like this
Joyce fance does that happen when you
have cases like this as a former
prosecutor for the defense attorneys to
say that they are misleading the court
in the sense so in this case as
Johnathan's called the court of public
opinion because they had bad information
from their client and will that fly you
know that really doesn't happen it
shouldn't happen it's you know I would
put it in the category of really lame
sort of excuses for inexcusable behavior
joy and Joy's just stay with you for a
moment if in fact Donald Trump as you
said has just made an admission that the
Trump Tower meeting was not about
adoption in a vague sense ashtag
Magnitsky act but that it was indeed an
attempt to gather dirt on Hillary
Clinton if Donald Trump now that he is
admitting that that it was a meeting
about Gavin turn about it he's admitting
knowledge of that although he's claiming
he didn't know about it in that case
what would be the crime theoretically
right this is one of the easiest crimes
in this entire range of election related
crimes to prove it's this crime of a US
person soliciting or accepting
assistance from a foreign national and
here we have foreign nationals who are
connected to the Russian government
although the law doesn't make that
distinction it's still a more compelling
case
so Trump's has essentially cast himself
in the role of a witness against his son
his son-in-law and his former campaign
manager who he is now saying went into a
meeting where their goal was to solicit
something of value from Russians that
they could use to assist them in the
election there might be other crimes I
think we've had the suggestion of
bribery or honest services fraud those
crimes could only have taken place after
Trump was in office or selected to be in
office so not as early as the Trump
Tower me
but there is a full range of what I'll
just characterizes public corruption
type claims that we could be looking at
as a result of this whole series of
actions and Danny Cevallos as a former
as a defense attorney how much of a mess
is Donald Trump creating for his legal
team this morning yeah building on what
Joyce just said of those elements the
violation of the federal election law
perhaps the only one that this arguably
AZ would be the anything of value
you know people typically think of
assistance as a bag of cash or something
something tangible but it's clear that
under the law if for example and this
has come up in the past and I wanted to
donate pamphlets to aid in an election
that would violate the law so it's not a
big stretch to say that data or
information or emails would be
considered anything of value it doesn't
have to be a bag of ill-gotten cash it
can be anything of value and something
like this dirt on an opponent would
probably fit homework to some it would
absolutely fit the definition of
anything of value
so with this admission assuming for the
moment that information on an opponent
equals anything of value satisfying the
criminal statute then you could make an
argument that with just a few sentences
Donald Trump is either admitted to to a
crime by his himself or at minimum by
those around him arguably and you know
David ollie I'm old enough to remember
when Republicans used to fulminate about
President Bill Clinton about Vice
President Al Gore what they claimed were
in liquid ties to you know Chinese
donors renting out the Lincoln Bedroom
when they used to have this sense that
it was corrupt to deal in any way with a
foreign government or entity when it
came to elections what happened to the
Republican Party it's hypocrisy of
historical proportion here we have
corruption in plain sight whether or not
it crosses the line of criminal
culpability we will eventually find out
but this is a president remind you today
as every day who still has not released
his tax returns we assume there
exposure to people who could have
leverage over him and he could settle
that question today but he refuses to do
so joy I actually think one of the
things we're seeing in the escalation of
the president's rhetoric right now is we
are entering a window where I believe
he's under serious consideration of
whether or not to have Rosen Stein
dismissed and the Moller case dismissed
Congress is out we're within two months
of the election now is the time the
president might move all right well this
is a pretty big development this morning
we're gonna have more on it later in the
show Jonathan David and Danny will join
us as well later in the show Joyce Vance
thank you very much for your time really
appreciate you calling in this morning
and up next Donald Trump goes to LeBron
tone state but he doesn't even mention
his criticism of the king details coming
up
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
