what I noticed over the last few months
that he's kind of used sport to kind of
divide us and that's something that I
can't relate to because I know that
sport was the first time I ever was
around someone white you know and I and
I and I got an opportunity to see them
and learn about them and they got an
opportunity to learn about me and we
became very good friends and I was like
oh wow this is all because of sports and
sports has never been something that
divide people has always been something
that brings someone together well in the
age of Trump that has now changed Trump
not only uses sports to divide people
but he seems to relish taking a
particular kind of shot at prominent
people of color in a tweet overnight
Trump questioned the intelligence of CNN
anchor Don Lemon and NBA star LeBron
James that would be M and Edward are
merle award-winning anchor Don Lemon and
four-time league MVP three-time NBA
champion and two-time Olympic gold
medalist LeBron James just to be precise
and Trump took that shot at James as he
walked Don Lemon through the new
elementary school for at-risk children
that he recently opened in his hometown
of Akron Ohio a school by the way where
the kids received free transportation
within two miles free bikes with bike
helmets free uniforms food pantries for
their families and free tuition at the
University of Akron when they graduate
Trump latest attack on prominent African
Americans makes this claim even more
off-key this is probably the most
proactive administration regarding urban
America and the faith-based community in
my lifetime and I'd be 60 years old in
December to be honest this is probably
going to be the man I'm saying this at
this table the most Pro black president
that we've had in our lifetime joining
me now is Terrance more sports
contributor for forbes.com and Tim Wise
author of white like me reflections on
race from a privileged Sun thank you
both for being here Terrence that pastor
is one of the favorites of Donald Trump
who claims Donald Trump is the most Pro
black president ever
do you you're laughing why are you
laughing well I think it's just very
obvious and joy I'm gonna tell you
something else that's very obvious you
know there's this mad tweet that Donald
Trump had last night in it he said that
he prefers Michael Jordan over LeBron
James and that's not by coincidence
okay and you remember those old
commercials back in the early 1990s
Gatorade commercials be like my clothes
yes we have it we can't we can sell it a
little bit of it yep go ahead keep that
let us see that okay when we so when
Donald Trump says that he's not
referring to that and he's also not
referring to the fact that he prefers
Michael Jordan as a basketball player of
LeBron James he's referring to the fact
that Michael Jordan is the most
apolitical athlete of all time and it's
disgusting given all the power that
Michael Jordan could have now a lot of
people are in dispute as to whether or
not Michael Jordan really made the
statement that Republicans buy sneakers
too as to why he's a political but this
is not in dispute joy it is back in the
80s and the 90s when he paid for Chicago
Bulls
he had a teammate named Craig Hodges who
tried to get Michael Jordan to join him
and other Bulls
buy players to talk to youth black youth
in in Chicago and he wouldn't do it
he didn't want that image okay this is
also not a dispute what's also under
dispute is that even to this day you
have people killing themselves youth
over his air jordan shoes not a word
from him michel jarre Donald Trump knows
all of this okay and Donald Trump also
knows that in contrast to that you got
LeBron James who has not been outspoken
he's also becoming a Pied Piper to get
other athletes involved in the social
activism and the biggest thing joy is
he's also putting his money where his
mouth is big time yeah and he called
Trump a bum he called him you bum and
Tim you know with a lot of Donald
Trump's antipathies whether it's against
the New York Times or the media or CNN
or NBC there always is this element of
of sort of what looks like underlying
anger because he really wanted to be
friendly with this sort of celebrity
aspect or this prominent person he
wanted their respect and admiration and
didn't get it and so then he gets mad
I mean a lot of people remember he was
originally a fan of Barack Obama before
he decided to turn on him and go birth
there and it's interesting because
Donald Trump back in 2015 was kind of a
stand for LeBron James he was saying you
know he's tweeting positively about
great King James yesterday LeBron tough
competitor delivers under pressure but
then of course came the famous you bum
tweet in which LeBron James was
supporting Steph Curry for not going to
the White House over Charlottesville and
other aspects of Donald Trump's you know
the things he said about race so part of
this is the fealty like part of this is
about a celebrity who's we're gonna show
to being cool with Obama here's Pete
Souza trolling Barack Obama by showing
how cool Barack Obama was with LeBron
James isn't this a little bit about envy
well it is partly that but let's not
pretend it's just that it's also about
race and playing to a base of supporters
who appreciate it when he attacks black
people who make more money than they do
and here's why I say that there are a
lot of people who criticize Donald Trump
including in the world of sports
including white head coaches like Gregg
Popovich in San Antonio like Steve Kerr
with the Warriors like former coach of
the Pistons Stan Van Gundy they all went
in on Donald Trump and frankly use
language and critiques that were far
more biting than the things LeBron has
said and yet Donald Trump says nothing
about white coaches in professional
sports who criticize him because why
that doesn't really pay the same cachet
with his base as attacking black folks
whether it's Colin Kaepernick and NFL
players who were taking a knee or
whether it's white NBA or whether it's
people like LeBron in in the NBA so I
think we have to recognize there's a
very deliberate pattern and also notice
the kind of critique he criticizes a lot
of people because you know what better
to do at 4:30 in the morning when you're
president of the United States than rage
tweet but what he does is he
specifically attacks black people's
intelligence whether it's Don Lemon
whether it's LeBron whether it's Maxine
Waters he likes to use this low IQ slur
which of course is a dog whistle
actually a bullhorn to those who have
long believed that black people in
particular are less intelligent for
white folks he uses other types of
attacks I'm not saying he never attacks
white folks but he's very specific about
the kinds of attacks that he uses on
black people and that's not
coincidence yeah and just to that very
point you know dan Rather actually made
a similar point he said this is
apparently what the president's state
feels the need to share with the world
at what should be long past his bedtime
and since grace its racist and it's the
proud it is the product of petty but
dangerous hatreds I repeat this is the
President and you know to that very
point Donald Trump has used that
intelligence slur on other black folks
as well congresswoman Maxine Waters
longtime elected official obviously very
intelligent woman
here's Donald Trump attacking her on
just this Thursday in Pennsylvania you
know who the new star you know who that
new leader is Maxine Waters
very low IQ low IQ and then here is
Donald Trump attacking President Obama
Barack Obama back in 2011 I heard who's
a bad student that is a bad student
didn't go to Columbia and then go to
Harvard how does this happen he's a bad
student gets into Columbia top top
school gets into Harvard top top top
school it's a bad student how does this
happen
reinforcing your point Tim yeah I mean
this is a guy who graduated magna
laude from Harvard Law was head of the
Law Review
they don't give that stuff out just for
the hell of it you know Donald Trump has
always realized that he himself you know
got into Penn because a Dean or
something felt sorry for his dead
brother and allowed him to transfer from
Fordham or whatever he didn't get in the
traditional way at an Ivy League school
himself so this is a lot of projection
on his part he is constantly claiming
that black people don't really deserve
what they have and in the case of the
attacks on ball players the message to
his base is how dare these wealthy
powerful black people criticized the
country or the president of the country
because for black people who have been
successful to do so is seen by a lot of
white folks on the right as ungrateful
of course when rich white people like
Donald Trump criticize America in front
of Vladimir Putin and the press or
criticize America on the campaign trail
with a slogan like make America great
again which by definition suggests that
America sorta sucks at present that's
apparently okay but God forbid a black
person taking me in protest of racism
and the justice system because then
they're being ungrateful this is part of
a long-standing and ultimately race
resentful and racist pattern yeah and go
on yeah no go ahead Terrence yeah
because to piggyback on something that
Tim said earlier gregg popovich for
those who don't know he is the probably
the greatest court acquits coach in NBA
right now San Antonio Spurs and he's
been extremely outspoken against Donald
Trump just ripped him to shreds I had a
private conversation with Gregg Popovich
this past NBA season and I pulled him
aside and we talked about this down the
Trump thing and I asked Gregg Popovich I
said how many times have you
Ben tweeted against by Donald Trump how
many times have you been caught up by
Donald Trump how many times has Donald
Trump called you personally or anybody
around you to say that he disliked the
things he said and Popovich did this
zero zero times
so Tim is on to something there but to
piggyback on this on the black thing
about how he's how he's attacking these
black athletes are just blacks in
general that's why I love LeBron James
okay LeBron James will not be
intimidated by this guy and he can't
stand it Donald Trump okay dead cuz
LeBron James you look at his background
as to where he came from in Akron Ohio
to where he is right now it's a
phenomenal story and for this guy to be
this brilliant spokesperson very strong
and and and doesn't back down those are
the type of guys that Donald Trump
attacks so in the end of in a weird way
this is a huge compliment
not only to to LeBron James but anybody
who is african-american who dares to
stand up and tell the truth about this
guy yeah
and he's heading to Ohio to do rally
having attacked the favorite son of Ohio
the successful philanthropic that school
is incredible for those of you who are
not up on what he's doing in terms of
that I promise school it is incredible I
mean LeBron James is putting his money
where his mouth is educated very wealthy
and very popular and that cannot make
them from happy
Terrence Moore Tim Wise thank you guys
very much appreciate you both yeah
thank you meanwhile the mana port trial
continues at breakneck speed we will
bring you the latest details next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
