joining me right now bill Richardson
former US ambassador to the UN who's
negotiated with North Korea since the
early 1990s bill with the welcome to you
okay the president has held summits with
the leaders of both Russia and North
Korea so does that put him in a position
now to make demands of Russia on related
issues well yes I mean he gave an
incredible forum to poopin the the
meeting was a disaster I think for the
United States but I think secretary
Pompeo who's done a good job at
negotiating with the North Koreans is
now finding out that Russia is not our
friend here Russia is allowing 700
licenses of North Korean workers clear
violation of sanctions and that has been
our main weapon against the North Korean
sanctions by China and Russia and other
countries so I think he's finding out
that Putin medals in our elections in
the United States
blatantly still doing it is now
violating North Korea sanctions one of
the centerpieces of the president's
foreign policy so you know Pompeyo is
trying to defend that I think
effectively out there but it's going to
be up to the president to say to the
North Korean leader hey you're playing
us your gaming us you're not delivering
and to Putin stop messing in our
elections stop getting into Crimea get
out of Syria unless the president does
that these leaders are not going to
listen to bureaucracies
any idea what was in that letter that
the US delivered on behalf of the
president to chairman Kim I mean to your
point do you think anything of what you
said you wish the president would say to
him was in that letter well no I think
North Koreans love letters they love
these protocols you saw the first letter
that the spy chief brought to the White
House it said absolutely nothing
it said we want to improve relations I
think the second letter probably says
look I'm starting to fulfill my
commitments to you although if you look
at its first commitment on the remains
the North Koreans that we're going to
give you at 200 they gave us 55 they're
dragging this
they don't want to denuclearize but look
despite all this negativism I think it's
important that we continue giving
Pompeii on the administration a chance
at some kind of reduction of missiles
and denuclearization have timetables
have verification but the North Koreans
you know with their rhetoric they send a
nice letter they do half of the fifth
quarter of the remains you know this is
well they always negotiate they stretch
it out oh we did that so I think what
Pompeo is doing you know buttressing our
allies in the region warning Russia but
I think it's gonna be up to the
president instead of saying that Kim
jong-un oh you're done all these nice
things with us thank you for the remains
the this is the time to get them I
wouldn't ask you about politics here
democratic politics with the midterms
being 90 four days away because you're a
former congressman as well as governor
of New Mexico and you famously endorsed
Barack Obama before his appeal really
took hold you had dropped out of the
race as a candidate and you endorsed him
as part of your history with the
Clintons so I'm curious your assessment
of the endorsements that President Obama
made this week and should he be more
visible at this point well I think they
matter Obama is the most popular
Democrat I think Obama is the only
Democrat today that can beat Donald
Trump the problem is he's not running so
his endorsement carries weight with the
Bernie Sanders people with the moderates
with the Clinton people so it's powerful
now should he be engaging more you know
that's his personal decision the guy
labored eight years the president I
think he was a good president I think he
feels he can be more effective in
different capacities doing international
work but I did notice that he said he's
going to do some campaigning so maybe
he's changing but he is a powerful force
in the party when you say he's the only
person only Democrat right now you think
that can beat Donald Trump is that
because there's a number of names that
are still being floated out there and
they have
yet the Democrats have yet to coalesce
behind one person as a star the leader
of the party to take on Donald Trump no
I think Alex look we're far away from
the primary still I think there are a
lot of good candidates out there
I tell you who I'm for I'm for either a
Joe Biden or a new face and I don't know
who that new face is but I think time
will evolve where if we get a democratic
economic message if we merge the social
justice Democrats the Sanders with the
more economic orient and union backed
Democrats like Connor Lam I think that's
going to be a powerful coalition I think
this election tampering by the Russians
is going to make a difference if you're
senator McCaskill and Missouri you're in
a very tight race and the Senate is up
for grabs
I'm senator McCaskill I'm gonna say
Missourians are you that'll allow the
Russians to determine our race that's
some powerful message and I think the
Democrats have it right now and in the
Senate I think that's going to be very
contested I don't know if we can win
there but I'm looking more and more that
we will win the house that there is
going to be a wave and will take over
the House by one or two votes I believe
well the cook Political Court says
they're 65 up for grabs and I may only
need 28 so and it's leaning towards
Democrats favored according to that
latest report all right bill Richardson
always good to see you my friend I look
forward to seeing you again Thanks hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
