we have breaking news from The
Washington Post which is reporting
tonight that alleged Russian agent Maria
boo Tina was in much closer contact with
president Trump's orbit than previously
known boo Tina is the Russian gun rights
activist who is in jail awaiting trial
after she was charged with illegally
trying to influence US politics for the
Kremlin tonight The Washington Post
reports that booty nough sought out
interactions with JD Gordon who served
for six months as the truant as the
Trump campaigns director of national
security before leaving in August 2016
and being offered a role in the nascent
Trump transition effort the two
exchanged several emails in September
and October 2016 culminating in an
invitation from Gordon to attend a
concert by the rock band Styx in
Washington I can't make that up Gordon
also invited boo Tina to attend his
birthday party in late October of that
year joining us now is Rosalyn held him
and political investigative reporter who
broke this story the political or
investigative reporter who broke this
story for The Washington Post also back
with us is Harry Lippmann Rosalyn I'm
sorry I'm laughing but inviting her to a
Styx concert and his birthday party it's
pretty funny yeah they still toured yeah
I didn't know that but then again I'm a
fan of a band that's been touring for
20-something years or more so I
shouldn't I shouldn't pass judgment
here's what JD Gordon told you tonight
let me read it from everything I've seen
or read I was everything I've read since
her arrest last month
it seems the Maria boo Tina saga is
basically a sensationalized clickbait
story meant to smear a steady stream of
Republicans and NRA members she
reportedly encountered over the past few
years since she networks so extensively
among both groups at conferences and
social events I wonder which prominent
Republican political figures she has not
come across I got to tell you from the
photos I've seen abou Tina she has been
standing next to some prominent
political figures and including former
presidential candidates long before
Donald Trump got the nomination and and
prominent and our remembers what makes
the interaction with JD Gordon so
significant I think part of it is his
connection to the Trump campaign
and it's clear from emails that were
described to us that that was a key part
of why she sort of sought out this
interaction she apparently met JD Gordon
at an event at the Swiss Embassy she was
with Paul Eriksson the Republican
operative she was apparently dating and
Paul then sent an email both to JD and
to Miz Bettina after the event served
reconnecting them and describing them to
one another and what Paul the way he
described JD was to say this is a person
who's very important in the Trump
transition he's the kind of person that
all the right people listen to his
advice on international policy so it did
seem that the Trump connection was part
of why she was making contact with him
let me ask you more about the Trump
campaign foreign policy advisors they
were not visible on the campaign not
really people like George papadopolis
not around much I never saw him actually
on the campaign Carter page and see him
either JD Gordon was somebody who was
named didn't see him on the campaign
these names seem to come out of not come
out of nowhere that that the Trump
campaign was pressured to release a list
of who was advising him because at the
time nobody it seemed wasn't advising
him and at the time considering that
nobody was answering the phone and
nobody made appearances it kind of felt
like these people were just random
people they put on the list and sent to
reporters it now looks like there's
there's something more there I mean
given that that Carter was somebody that
the intelligence community had it had
their eye on because of the interactions
he was having with Russians George
papadopolis the one who it's a it's
reported started this whole
investigation because he was bragging to
an Australian diplomat in the London bar
that Russia had dirt on Hillary Clinton
and now JD gordon linking these two
seemingly separate investigations on a
Russian influence campaign yeah I've
done quite a bit of reporting on Carter
page and George papadopolis in
particular and one of the things that
struck me about the two of them was that
they really aggressively sought out the
connection with the Trump campaign at a
time when as you mentioned the campaign
was really having a devil of a time
finding sort of figures who could they
could cow as foreign policy advisors we
did a story once a quoting a trump
advisor at the time saying basically
anybody with a pulse was what they were
looking here and people like George and
Carter were people with a pulse who
stepped forward and said choose us yeah
I got to tell you the the day that I saw
it George papadopolis is picture I was
taken aback I did not expect somebody so
young
Harry Lippmann what stands out to you
about this dude well speaking of so
young she's 29
he's 50 so we have again the sort of
vanity of older man for historians of
political scandals this is the exact
ages it occurred to me of Gary Hart and
Donna rice in monkey business time and
you know the whole kind of younger woman
you know using older guys to get to get
political influence but what stands out
to me is you said it you know what's the
defense of JD Gordon I don't know if
there's a prominent Republican political
official she hasn't met with it augurs a
very effective several months where
she's penetrating anywhere and
everywhere she can with the help of this
Republican operative and and as you say
lover keith erickson and it just seems
like this is not a sort of one weak
little story an episode but she really
got around and harry just really quickly
could this new what rosalind uncovered
say the special counselor didn't know
about it i don't know they know about
most things but say they didn't know
about it is this a sort of thing that
that could prompt them to call her and
for questioning oh well she's arrested
so yeah and she's gonna she's gonna have
an enormous enormous pressure honor but
yes they'll talk to her but also there
are some figures in the campaign in her
wide circled and and they will zero in
like Gordon but there we already knew of
a couple others so that's what will
really interest them the couple people
from the campaign the masquerade party
just after the election etc got it Harry
Lippmann Rosalind Halderman guys thank
you very much thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
