reporting tonight by the Washington Post
says that the President of the United
States and the Saudi royal family are
not searching for the truth of what
happened to Washington Post columnist
Jamal khashoggi they are searching for a
mutually agreeable explanation that's
their phrase and it's not easy to find
an explanation for why
Jamal khashoggi was seen entering the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul and was
never seen leaving that Saudi consulate
in fact it's not easy to answer a single
question about it if what you're really
trying to do is get to an agreeable
explanation I don't want to talk about
any of the facts they didn't want to
either in that they want to have the
opportunity to complete this
investigation in a thorough way do you
some of the repercussions in case of the
Saudis or in
we talked about the importance of
completing the investigation that is the
sound of someone who's looking for an
agreeable explanation not someone who's
looking for the truth The Washington
Post is reporting tonight the Trump
administration the Saudi royal family
are searching for a mutually agreeable
explanation for the death of journalist
Jamal khashoggi one that will avoid
implicating Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman who is among the president's
closest foreign allies according to
analysts and officials in multiple
countries also tonight the Washington
Post published the final op-ed piece by
Jamal khashoggi which was delivered to
the paper by cash oh geez translator the
day after he disappeared in the piste
Khashoggi says Arab governments have
been given free rein to continue
silencing the media at an increasing
rate the Arab world is facing its own
version of an Iron Curtain and today the
New York Times added more gruesome
detail to what happened
- Jamal khashoggi inside the Saudi
consulate The Times source for this
report was an unnamed Turkish official
who described an audio recording that
allegedly recorded the sound of the
murder and the dismemberment of Jamal
khashoggi The Times report quotes
says after he was shown into the office
of the Saudi consul the agents seized
mr. khashoggi almost immediately and
began to beat and torture him eventually
cutting off his fingers Saudi consul
then said quote do this outside you will
put me in trouble one of the killers
replied quote if you want to live when
you come back to Arabia shut up and then
the New York Times reporting turns much
more gruesome quote as they cut off
mister Cochet G's head and dismembered
his body a doctor of forensics who had
been brought along for the dissection
and disposal had some advice for the
others according to the senior Turkish
official listen to music he told them as
he put on headphones himself that was
what he did to ease the tension when
doing such work
the official said here's what the
president said today about the audio
recording of the murder video
intelligence at the church but we have
asked for it if it exists we have asked
we've asked for it if it exists no I'm
not sure yet that it exists probably
does possibly does tonight the
Washington Post is reporting US
intelligence officials said they had no
reason to doubt that Turkey has an audio
recording that shows what officials
claimed the post is also reporting that
the chairman of the Foreign Relations
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
republican senator bob Corker is saying
that the Trump administration had
clamped down on sharing intelligence
about the Khashoggi case he said an
intelligence briefing scheduled for
Tuesday was cancelled and he was told no
additional intelligence would be shared
with the Senate for now a move he called
disappointing bob corker told The
Washington Post quote I could only
surmise that probably the Intel is not
painting a pretty picture as it relates
to Saudi Arabia leading off our
discussion now Tim O'Brien the executive
editor of Bloomberg opinion and the
author of Trump nation the art of being
the Donald also joining us is Richard
Stengel former Undersecretary of State
and Evelyn Farkas former Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense all our
MSNBC contributors and let me start with
you it seems to me as I listen to this
administration especially as I listen to
the president that the choice seems to
be that either Donald Trump doesn't care
about Saudis possibly murdering a
journalist or Donald Trump actually
approves of Saudis murdering a
journalist I don't see any other option
on what I hear him saying so far well
Lawrence I would say that he probably
doesn't approve because if you remember
when the story first broke he did tell
Lesley Stahl in the 60 Minutes interview
that he found it horrendous and
particularly horrendous if it was true
that it was a murder of a journalist
right so I don't think he approves but I
think you're on to something when you
say he doesn't care because if he cared
he would understand very clearly the
implications of this
human-level certainly I mean we're
talking about somebody who lived here as
a permanent resident who was a colleague
of people that you and I know in
Washington DC and of course has family
here living in the United States as well
I'm not sure if they're citizens or not
but I also think that's not relevant
although the president has made a bit of
a beef about it but I think the main
point is that this president you know
pulling back he's the president so
regardless of whether he understands
that as a human we're talking about US
interests and leadership inside America
so you know the audience is the American
people first and foremost and then the
world and he doesn't understand that
values have a value for the United
States when we are essentially going out
in the world conducting foreign policy
so it's not just money and arms sales an
economic interest military interest but
the values that America spouses standing
up for human rights and in this case
something that was done so blatantly in
our face as Lindsey Graham said you know
and then the lies that came afterwards
we as a country need to stand up for the
international community and stand up for
these principles for all the other
people who are trying to speak out all
the journalists who are trying to do the
right thing all the dissidents around
the world and to really stiffen the
spines of other Democrats and other
countries and other leaders around the
world because that's what the United
States does we're single are you working
the State Department with Secretary of
State John Kerry would he today have
been saying we didn't ask them any facts
we don't want to know any facts we don't
want to know any answers what would we
be hearing from the Secretary of State
in the previous administration you get a
very stern warning to the Saudis about
this we would be looking at all of the
ranges of things that could have an
effect on them from arms control
agreements you'd be looking at something
called the global Magnitsky Act which
allows the President of the United
States to sanction international human
rights violators the same way that we
sanctioned the oligarchs in Russia you'd
be looking at the sanctioning of the
princes and the royal family in Saudi
Arabia one of the things that's
disturbing about the way the Donald
Trump has reacted to this in Saudi
Arabia is in our
since FDR met with King Saud in 1948 but
we always tried to get them to move
toward a more progressive direction even
when we were selling armed stone we'd
say you can't use it on your own people
you can't take the technology that we
give you and use it on your own people
the Trump administration has a complete
hands-off transactional approach they
say here are the weapons here's the
technology use them as you like
that's what's disturbing and I agree
with Evelyn that we need to kind of talk
about human rights when we're dealing
with our allies and our adversaries Tim
your headline today and your reporting
in Bloomberg is Trump and Kushner puts
Saudis money first how much does that
explain what we're seeing
I think it's play it explains a lot of
it you know this is freelancing on
foreign policy coming home to roost you
cannot run a sophisticated foreign
policy in the in the Middle East on the
heels of Jared Kushner who through most
of the period that he's been operating
over there he didn't have a full
security clearance he had very little
diplomatic experience but what he did
have was a failing skyscraper on Fifth
Avenue that his family was desperately
trying to refinance he had lobbied the
Chinese for an investment during both
the campaign and the transition period
he may have spoken to Russians we still
don't really he denies it but there's
still some question about that and we
know that he spoke to at least one Saudi
investor and the president essentially
let him lead this tilt towards Saudi
Arabia in a real polity or in a real
politic sense it's a bulwark against
Iran in terms of the Trump family's own
finances the Kushner's and the Trump's I
think they saw it as a pure business
opportunity and everything that the
president has said when he's pressed to
explain why he doesn't want to just
cleanly and clearly condemn the apparent
murder of khashoggi is he says that
Saudi Arabia invests a lot of money in
the United States and we have a big arms
deal with him and in fact he's
misrepresented the bona fides of the
arms deal he's overstated how much it's
worth and and when the money is going to
arrive but I think in the back of both
of their minds they see the Saudis as a
potential business partners
and you know they've had a completely
hands-off approach about the war in
Yemen where American weapons are being
used to kill thousands and thousands of
civilians the UN released a report just
yesterday that there's a famine among 10
million people in Yemen so the American
weapons that we are selling them that
the taxpayer is supporting is being used
for these basically terrorist purposes
that the Trump is hands off about and
that was something the Obama
administration was very concerned about
are the on the arm cells arm cells have
been used in a variety of ways by
American administrations including to
try to obtain better behavior from the
regimes that we have sold arms to right
I mean Lawrence the you know it's one
way that we actually have ongoing
influence because they need our arms
this is the problem the president also
doesn't understand that the Saudis
actually need us at this point more than
we need them we don't rely on them for
oil as much as we did in the past in
fact I think they're the second there
this our second importer after Canada if
I'm correct on that and in the arms
deals you're right they get you know
they sign up to buy a bunch of arms and
they signed up to 110 billion dollars
and under Obama of course it was 115 and
some of those dollars are actually for
the same programs it doesn't matter they
don't spend as much but what they do
spend we then get to watch we have we
make them sign agreements saying that
they won't transfer any of the
technology we watch what they're doing
as as rich said you know we have ongoing
hardcore diplomacy with countries that
use our weapons to ensure that they
don't use them in ways we disagree with
because then we can sanction them and
not provide spare parts that they need
not provide training and other things
that they need Rick you've had a
one-on-one meeting with Mohammed bin
Salman in your last year in in the State
Department the two of you 101 for a
couple of hours late at night what what
do you know about him what have you what
did you gain about him that could that
could guide the way we watch what we're
watching now well the meeting was at
midnight which is an early meeting in
Saudi Arabia they keep you waiting all
day
and then meet you at midnight and he
he's a very powerful impressive figure
he's physically large he talked about
the openings that he was planning on
doing allowing women to drive opening
movie theaters he talked about an issue
that the US government has been
concerned about for decades which is
Saudi Wahhabi schools they support
Wahhabi schools all around the Muslim
world they give quran's to that and it's
a very severe form of Islam that some
people think is a is a it was a reason
for extremism he talked about all those
things he talks a great game the problem
is he feels no impunity to what he can
do he's completely consolidated power he
doesn't report to anybody and his has an
authoritarian tendency that nobody would
presses and we've seen what the result
of that is Tim that when Donald Trump
said during as publicly you know the
Saudis they buy a lot of apartments from
me of course I like the Saudis is that a
pretty much all you have to know about
Donald Trump in the salary's no it's not
all you have to know and in fact I think
it's erotic that he felt unprompted he
had to go on Twitter yesterday and say I
have no investments in Saudi Arabia
parenthetically or in Russia either and
he's been playing this game for about a
year in which he says I don't have
investments in these countries that
people are concerned about the reality
is they have investments in him
oftentimes here in the United States and
I think one of the things we already
mean by an investment in him well
they're lying his condominiums yeah you
know he's he had Russian buyers for
scores of his condominiums he had
partners of Russian descent on projects
like the Trump Soho the the Saudi
Arabian government bought the entire
45th floor of Trump World Tower in 2001
that this goes far back in his history
even prior to that I will lead been to
LA bail Trump out in the early 1990s
when he almost went personally bankrupt
when a prominent Saudi Sheikh bought his
yacht and the Plaza Hotel from his banks
when he couldn't afford to own them any
longer
and I think one of the signals is and
the Saudi delegation by the way is one
of the biggest clients of the Trump
International Hotel in Washington and
the signal of this is sending to the
world is that the president the United
dates can be bought and sold if you need
to curry favor or if you need to be able
to run roughshod over your region as
long as you do business with the Trump
administration and with the president
personally you can pretty much do
whatever you want I think it's a low
point in the u.s. foreign policy and
it's really unusual if this had happened
in a previous administration where you
didn't have the questions of how much
does Donald Trump o financially to
Saudis how much does the president
involved financially with Saudis and all
of that was out of the picture and we
could expect an honest attempt by an
administration an American
administration to deal with this it's
still very difficult to deal with isn't
it given the Saudi geopolitical position
with the United States yes I mean
Lawrence you still have to balance right
the hard national interests with human
rights and dealing with this kind of
extraterritorial extra do just judicial
killing I think this did cross the line
again as I mentioned because the killing
was conducted in a consulate in Turkey
and then they lied about it to the world
to us you know it does cross the line
which is not to excuse Yemen or any of
the other terrible things they did and I
think as you said for any administration
it would be difficult we have other
allies and partners that we deal with we
deal with China and they also have a bad
human rights record right but we find a
way to express our displeasure to put
pressure at a minimum diplomatic but in
this case absolutely it has to be more
than that it has to be economic because
they lied frankly speaking the Saudi
Kingdom needs to hold people accountable
up to the crown prince I mean if I were
Pompeo you know I would have gone in
there and given a very strong message
from my president you know if it were a
different president he would have been
saying we need the facts now first of
all where is this man is he alive you
know etc etc so right now all Pompeo did
was secretary Pompeo went there and said
well the fox is investigating what
happened in the chicken coop and then he
flew over to Turkey which is basically
the farm where the chicken coop is and
seemed to dismiss I mean we haven't
heard anything out of him about what he
heard in Turkey
and we do know from one of the I think
it was the Washington Post account that
Shane Harris wrote that he didn't want
to listen to the tape I guess I wouldn't
want to either but really the
administration needs to tell the
American people and certainly Congress
what they know Evelyn Farkas Rick
Stengel Tim O'Brien thank you for
starting our discussion tonight thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
