well the first week for the trial of
president Trump's former campaign
chairman Paul Manafort wrapped today
prosecutors have been digging into the
financial dealings of the person it was
Trump's number-one man during key parts
of the 2016 campaign Paul Manafort is
facing 18 counts of bank and tax fraud
the predate his time on the campaign
these charges stem from his work
overseas with clients that have a direct
tie to Russian President Putin they
include the Russian bank former
president Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych and
the Russian oligarch all like Deripaska
well at a sales pitch to Deripaska bana
Ford wrote in a 2005 memo we are now the
belief that this model can greatly
benefit the Putin government well this
trial is not prosecuting Russia's
meddling into the 2016 election it is
the first real test for Muller from
where I'm joined by Jillian's Lea NBC
News national security and justice
reporter and Mimi Roca former assistant
US attorney and MSNBC legal - thank you
both for joining us to put this together
I just tell us about the trial today
Joey and this weird thing about all
these foreign accounts and the wife and
how mrs. manter board reacted and his
own accountant was surprised at all
these accounts yeah I know I mean in one
sense we thought today would be a drier
day we weren't talking about ostrich
jackets or the yeah Python as well no
one's talking about Python anyway we
thought it would be a drier day
considering you have two accountants who
are testifying but actually it really
struck a nerve and I think I really got
to the meat of this case when the first
tax preparer came on the stand that's
Philip Alif he said that he was told
there were no foreign bank accounts he
didn't know anything about Cyprus didn't
know anything about where that income
was coming from at that point we saw
mrs. Kathleen manna fort dabber I and
then she got up and left the room for
about five minutes I strike you that she
was surprised to know he had all this
money cached away stashed away well I
think miss manna for clearly knew I mean
it was it was their joint tax returns I
don't think she was at the structure it
was the fact that there that she knew
that the prosecution was hitting on the
right court said that this was going to
be very hard for the defense to walk
around and in fact
saw that I mean it was a really tough it
was a tough obstacle for them too good
over I mean so basically when they
started cross-examining this guy Philip
a left the tax preparer was a short
cross-examination and all they focused
on was the fact of didn't you know
weren't there hints of foreign bank
accounts you knew he was getting money
from foreign people weren't there enough
breadcrumbs there and the answer is
really not and then we had an even more
damning witness we had Cindy LaPorta who
has immunity because she knowingly
falsified these records in 2014-2015
when the bottom was really falling out
for the main affords and for the
business she knowingly falsified these
documents and she said she would felt
really disturbed about it I mean I think
she she felt personal anguish and that
really came across today speaking of
anguish me what do you make of the fact
that a guy who's lost his empire no more
ostrich or Python jackets no more luxury
lifestyle but she was spending out the
window there all of a sudden he's broken
so he goes to work for Trump does that
to be like is that a rainmaking
operation he thought if he went to work
for Trump you'd meet all kinds of new
clients and open up the doors I know
what action is always good
or was he what somebody else was pushing
him to go to Trump what was the intrigue
here a broken guy going to work for free
for Trump right right well it is
intriguing right and I mean that that
this trial isn't going to answer the
question but it certainly lays the base
for the big question which hopefully
Muller will answer for us at some point
which is you know as you say this is a
dusty was a desperate man he was broke
he goes to work for Trump and he runs
his campaign and we know that and that
that can't and we now know that campaign
gets help from the Russians to help
elect Trump despite what Trump now says
that's the fact and so when you put
those pieces together just those
standing alone I mean you can draw real
inferences from that that Manta Ford was
doing this you know with either the the
push or the promise or however you want
to phrase it of Putin to get in that
campaign and then Putin would help and
he could be very much though he mana for
it could be the link now you know we
don't we don't and we don't even know
all of the evidence that Muller has
there there may be I'm
there is probably much more about that
but even if you just look at those facts
alone it's a pretty compelling inference
to draw and you know that's that's what
prosecutors do they draw inferences and
then they look for the facts to see if
they support that while we're sticking
us for a moment Joey case you've been
covering this case it's just like six
degrees of Kevin Bacon I keep trying for
your boy why do they all know why does
Roger stone get involved with trouble we
got him all the madam's in there and
manhattan met and all that stuff going
on sleazy stuff and then we've got
management they were business partners
and in Madame Pernelle these rice
pro-russian dealings in Ukraine and
Trump seems to have an affinity for
Russia whether it's missing miss
universes or whatever going on over
there and winning bill hotels how'd it
all start all this Russian mix I mean I
think it started a different point the
Russian hey where'd he go to the
Russians different points are different
characters but there's a pattern here I
mean we see a pattern just in the way
Paul Manafort did business over these
many years and there are patterns in the
way a lot of these men operated these
are people who had enormous amounts of
money wanted to maintain a certain
lifestyle there are plenty of parallels
you can draw Russians for that cash well
they're cash they're cash when American
banks might not loan especially during
financial crisis and they are putting
them in a place where they owe something
this is okay so the Russians have a lot
of money they want laundered they want
to get it out of the country into the
West with his buying and their influence
their buying influence over these people
they want to know that their do their
bidding because they have something over
them whether that be blackmail on
something sorted they did that they
don't want anyone to know about or
whether it's money I mean there are a
lot of ways and this is really comes
from a classic Russian KGB playbook in
some ways Manafort isn't the only member
of course the Trump campaign potentially
facing prison time all those who have
been indicted or cooperating with them
are investigates including Michael Flynn
Rick cage stores Papadopoulos could
still face lots of jail time there are
numerous other people are under scrutiny
from the Trump campaign including Donald
Trump jr. Jared Kushner
Roger stone and I said who could also
face legal jeopardy
maybe I just think it's like this is the
first round it's going to be a 10 or 15
round fight it's going to end up
probably with Trump my question is well
how important is this for
around I think it's important Chris in
large part because it is the first round
so as we were just saying even though
this isn't directly about the Russian
conspiracy it lays the groundwork for
something that you know I think could
bleed into that namely man affords you
know susceptibility to to Russian
pressure when he was running the
campaign and also I think that rightly
or wrongly you know Trump has made this
well wrongly Trump has made this about
the prosecution right he's put the
prosecution on trial with the public and
so rightly or wrongly now this is going
to be viewed as you know a thumbs up or
thumbs down on Muller's investigation
even if it's not about the Russian
conspiracy but how is he doing how's he
doing as the special counsel and if a
jury which is a semi-official you know
basically body gives the thumbs up in a
conviction I think that will at least
quiet a little bit of the criticism and
you can be sure that if for some reason
there's an acquittal or a hung jury it's
going to send the witch-hunt
you know people into a frenzy I'm not
saying I agree that all this should be a
referendum but I think that's where we
are thank you so much I agree if you
want to call it a witch-hunt you got to
make sure there aren't real convictions
with real convictions it takes on
reality and reality bites Thank You
Julia Ainsley Thank You Mimi Roca hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
