with me now is Markos Meletis he's
founder and publisher of the daily
coasts the liberal blog that first
organized the conference that became net
words nation so I guess whether you like
this or not you're the Godfather of this
conference Markos good to see you sir
welcome welcome to the Chevy on tech
pleasure yes let's start with what are
progressives looking for this year you
know when you first started this blog I
know seven I feel like you were looking
for a progressive that would at least
make promises you want to hear it sounds
like this year you're looking for
progressives that actually have a
progressive record rather than rhetoric
is that fair to say
yeah I think that's fair to say I mean
right now we're pretty heavily focused
on 2018 I mean the country has a has a
real choice at stake here whether you're
gonna support a president who is a
traitor to our country and a party that
backs up that treason or do you want a
party that actually put some Americans
and America first so there's that but
that said I think it's also important to
note that we are watching our potential
2020 field very carefully and we're
gonna judge them in large part on how
strongly they were with the resistance
from day one and through the 2018
election so what does that mean what
does that mean for a guy like Joe Biden
okay in some ways former vice president
we know he's got a lot of he's got a
reservoir I assume of sort of of of some
support because of his connection to
Barack Obama what does that mean for a
guy like him with your with the
progressive crowd well you know I I
don't quite know to be honest I think a
lot of the energy right now it's with
Elizabeth Warren it's with Kimmel Harris
I think those are the people that are
getting a lot of attention joke Bynes
kind of been out of the game for the
last several years and yes you're right
he has a name recognition he has a lot
of goodwill for her service in the last
administration but that doesn't mean
that he's first and foremost undermined
of the kind of activists that go to
Netroots nation the kind of people that
are they the influencers as Democrats
start deciding who they're gonna support
in 2020 you know there's been some
interesting reactions to different
issues that are popping up in this
debate inside the Democratic Party it
was interesting
our reporters picked up the Tom Styer
who of course billion have been pushing
impeachment that his impeachment
messaged wasn't as well received as
other parts of his message what do you
make of that why isn't the impeachment
message resonate as much with some some
at Netroots nation as maybe Tom Steyer
wishes it did well I'm glad it's not
resonating to be honest cuz I actually
don't think it's a salient or a very
helpful argument heading into 2018 we
don't want to put Donald Trump on the
ballot we don't want to make 2018 a
presidential year we want it to be a
midterm election year in the first term
of a president which historically is
already difficult for the incumbent
president and and we want to focus
really on how the Republican Party
really is bought and paid for by Russia
at this point how they're trying to get
rid of your right to choose trying to
take away your insurance all those
things that are really part of the
modern Republican Party once that you
know hopefully Democrats win big in 2018
you know in my estimation obviously then
we could decide how to deal with Donald
Trump always remembering that there's
always Mike Pence right behind them
so it's not like this should be done at
the ballot it sounds like you believe
this is better at the ballot box than in
a committee hearing I actually think
that Donald Trump needs to be held
accountable and I look forward to
Democrats taking control and holding
hearings and really getting to the root
of what this White House is and what it
is doing but beyond that 2020 is gonna
be the year we're gonna decide which
direction we really want the country to
go all right I ask you about this debate
about democratic socialism
I'm gonna do so by playing you a clip
today from Cynthia Nixon who of course
is the progressive that's challenging
Andrew Cuomo for governor in New York
here's what she said the establishment
is terrified of that word socialism but
if we learned one thing from the Obama
years it's that Republicans are going to
call us socialists no matter what we do
so we might as well give them the real
thing look this is going to be I think
this is going this is going to be though
a debate a big debate point on that
Democratic primary stage in 2020 isn't
it I don't even think it's gonna be at
the bait point you either embrace the
label and own it and be a player or you
can be like Andrew come on be off in the
sidelines in relevant that's where this
is going because when you really look at
what that so-called socialist platform
is and nixon's right they're gonna
accuse us of being communist before all
is said and done when you look at it's
basically healthcare access to
healthcare access to education I mean
these are things that people actually
like if you go down item by item people
actually want these things that will
Trump me not using what his taxes to go
up but everybody else kind of does so I
actually want to have that debate let
them talk about what it means to be a
socialist
we're not the party that's being bought
and paid for by Russia we want to talk
about this you know the Socialists we
are the party that is looking out for
Americans and America I'm curious
messaging wise this fall you know
there's been this debate that you know
you talk to any Democratic campaign and
they will tell you boy that the two
issues that resonate the most are
actually health care and health care you
know they think that in some ways that
is what's resonating on the campaign
trail and yet the national conversation
is not health care as you know it's a
bit of Russia or it's just Trump in some
form or another
is that a problem you think or at the
end of the day do you think that that
that doesn't matter that Trump's gonna
be the story so embrace it so health
care absolutely is probably that the
item that resonates the most it doesn't
mean that Russia's are irrelevant that
the right to choose is irrelevant
because it's a midterm election
generally these are base turnout
elections and so you want to make sure
that our core Democratic voters turn out
and vote and historically they're very
difficult to turn out talking about
african-americans Latinos single women
young people some of the hardest
performing demographics so talk about
the things that they care about and it
their day they hopefully and I believe
they will respond and so health care
absolutely it's almost front and center
but all these other issues also matter
on the periphery guns you know talk
about guns these are
that actually are going to matter and
are gonna make a difference when the
votes are tallied up before I let you go
is there enough room and the progressive
movement for both for enough support for
both Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders
in a presidential primary or would they
cannibalize each other good question
Chuck I actually think that that
Elizabeth Warren takes a great number of
Bernie supporters I think she probably
does the best job in bridging that sort
of the bye between establishment and the
resistance better than anybody else and
I I mean she's my favorite so they'll
just disclose that but I also love
Pamela Harris and I love Kirsten
Gillibrand I think we're gonna have a
wealth of candidates and I Bernie
Sanders will have a role in that
conversation I think he once I have be a
part of that conversation but I I think
his moment is passed and there's sort of
a future generation of Democrats that
are gonna be front and center all right
Marko's and I'm gonna be in trouble for
that one yes you are my Politis will now
go hide and daily Kosan get yelled at by
a bunch of a bunch of Bernie bros in a
few minutes anyway
Marko's thanks for coming on and sharing
your views sir much Blazers hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat 2 press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
