we begin tonight with the hunt for a
motive why did the president just
blatantly undermine his intelligence
chiefs why did he escalate his attacks
on the press why did he just recently
call again for his Attorney General to
shut down the Muller probe why did he
insist it's perfectly legal to collude
with Russia
why has he done all of this just in the
last three days and why is he misleading
us at a greater pace now than ever
before folks right now it feels as if
the president is operating in a parallel
universe
compared to his own administration for
example yesterday the White House
dispatched its top Intel chiefs and
security officials to publicly insist
that the threat from Russia was very
real then hours later as many of us
predicted the President did this I had a
great meeting with Putin we discussed
everything I had a great day now we're
being hindered by the Russian hoax it's
a hoax okay I'll tell you what Russia is
very unhappy that Trump won vatican's
has just hours after his national
security team said it was trying to
protect our democracy from
disinformation campaigns the president
spent a good chunk of his rally turning
his supporters against credible news
organizations they can make anything bad
because they are the fake fake
disgusting news
obviously somebody is not happy and that
comes as the president is making false
or misleading claims at an unprecedented
pace even for him what began as five
false or misleading claims per day
during the first hundred days of his
presidency is calculated by friends of
the Washington Post
it is now ballooned into a whopping 16
false or misleading claims per day over
the past two months and many of those
misleading claims are animated by what
the president maligns as the Russia hoax
again we ask why is it because the
president's feeling increasingly
threatened by the frenzied pace of
developments tied to the Russian
investigation like his longtime personal
attorney turning against him or his
campaign chief on criminal trial is the
president worried that Palmetto ports
trial is a prelude to something much
bigger
yesterday Manta fort's bookkeeper
testified the Manta fort was basically
broke when he went to work for free
as Trump's campaign chief in 2016 this
is an important detail and he was broke
because money from his pro-russian
associates was drying up well as the
saying goes follow the money
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
