how many jobs were added last month
157,000 which is somewhat healthy but
also disappointing economists we're
looking for a number of make up around
one hundred and ninety thousand so this
does mark a slowdown in the pace of
hiring that we've seen just as far as
some of the other headlines here which
are also somewhat healthy just an okay
kind of number
the unemployment rate did take down
that's good to three point nine percent
from four percent right around that
eighteen year low of three point eight
percent that we hit back in May so three
point nine percent unemployment rate
wages which of course are very important
rising two point seven percent from last
year
that's what economists were looking for
it's not the three percent robust number
that we want to see with this pace of
hiring in this level of a nominal
ployment rate you would expect to see
bigger wage gains for employees we want
to get near that three percent level
haven't been able to do that just in
terms of the overall picture because
months a month it can be a little messy
and volatile two hundred and twenty four
thousand on average jobs have been
created each month this year that's
better than the pace of 2017 mica and
it's impressive for this stage of an
economic recovery we're entering our
tenth year and firms are still hiring
jobs especially looking healthy this
month and manufacturing and construction
importantly for the markets it doesn't
do anything to alter the policy of the
Federal Reserve and importantly for the
economy doesn't really do anything to
alter the somewhat healthy pace of job
creation and economic growth we've seen
lately thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
