and thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour I am re Melbourne in for
Rachel who has the night off now we're
reporting several big stories right now
including a financial turning point in
the trial of Paul Manafort today as the
day Mullis prosecutors brought out Manta
Ford's own bookkeeper who told the jury
he kept his foreign bank accounts secret
from her well that could be crucial to
the case because it goes towards the
criminal intent prosecutors allege that
Manta Ford had throughout these tricky
transactions now we have legal experts
who were there inside the courtroom to
explain tonight there's also a breaking
news story about how an alleged Russian
spy burrowed inside the US Embassy in
Moscow so we have both of those
developing stories tonight but we begin
with some new flares that are coming
from Donald Trump's own national
security aides about the risks that
continue to be posed from president
Trump's one-on-one meeting with Vladimir
Putin in Helsinki now that was just
three weeks ago and according to experts
across the spectrum it marked a low
point in a presidency with many low
points that relate to Russia experts
inside Trump's own administration also
say this is a problem indeed it was
Trump's own intelligence team chief who
took this extraordinary step of publicly
noting that Trump was hiding what
happened in the meeting from him that
was an admission that upset the White
House it was made under questioning by
NBC's Andrea Mitchell at a security
conference in Helsinki the president was
alone with Vladimir Putin for two hours
more than two hours with only
translators basically how do you know
what happened you were in the Dark Side
of the Moon how do you have any idea
what happened in that meeting well
you're right I don't know what happened
in that meeting if you had asked me how
that ought to be conducted I would have
suggested a different way but that's not
my role that's not my job so it is what
it is these are a risk that Vladimir
Putin could have recorded it
that risk is always there people who run
intelligence agencies do have all sorts
of legit ways to duck those questions
they can say they won't discuss private
deliberations with the president they
can say they won't discuss classified
information and certainly part of that
meeting would be classified but note
that instead coats sent a signal that
whatever went down he was out of the
loop and if what went down was bad or
even nefarious he's on the record that
he was out of the loop now perhaps he
also hoped to nudge his boss towards
bringing him into the loop it is hard to
run the intelligence agencies quest for
information around the whole world if
you can't get basic info from down the
hall but here's what's new tonight we
are learning officially the coats still
doesn't know what went down which makes
the history even more concerning since
what we do know is that Trump partially
walked back his support for Putin in
Helsinki but then he cancelled a lot of
that out by saying that Russian election
interference didn't happen of course
that's still Putin's position then the
bureaucrats got in on the action you
remember they had an actual National
Security Council meeting on election
security which would be a good thing but
reporters noted that entire summit was
less than an hour and didn't have any
public follow-through or policy
announcements and that matches reporting
that the Trump administration has no
central strategy for election security
and no one's in charge and while we're
running through the facts tonight know
did another Trump appointee flagged how
they don't have a key person quote
minding the store on cyber security
because the Trump administration
eliminated the job of cybersecurity
coordinator so that's a lot of facts
that is the current policy baseline
experts noting the Trump approach here
looks more like maybe cyber
lackadaisical than cyber secure that is
the framework for what happened today a
list of intelligence VIPs marching into
the White House briefing room and you
can see it right there they were rolling
deep you see the leaders of Intel NSA
FBI Homeland Security announcing the
contrary to what their boss says the
recent reports in the news of Russian
midterm meddling are true that Russian
interference in u.s. politics continues
right now and they say this
administration
is working to protect the midterms and
their boss does care about it now if
there is a silver lining here to that
group of people you saw and we're gonna
play some of what they said the silver
lining is these intelligence
professionals are trying to show a
united front and correct their own
president while also trying not to
enrage him as he certainly watched their
televised performance but as Jerry
Garcia pointed out long ago every silver
lining has a touch of gray and that came
as reporters ask the logical question
about the contradiction between the
message in that room and Trump's message
in Helsinki let me take you back if I
could to Helsinki the president seemed
to indicate that he made believe
Vladimir Putin when he says he doesn't
didn't have any influence in the 2016
election what what is your belief about
the Russian government involved in
meddling in 2016 well in relationship to
the 2016 election of course none of us
were in office at that particular time
but both the president the vice
president I think everyone on this stage
has acknowledged the fact that the ICA
was a correct assessment of what
happened in 2016 our focus here today is
simply to tell the American people we
acknowledge the threat it is real it is
continuing and we're doing everything we
can to have a legitimate election that
the American people can have trust in so
that was the answer that's the tension
on the intelligence then there's a
separate tension about how do you
investigate indict and punish the people
in identified by that very intelligence
for attacking American democracy we all
know now there's a busy special council
operation that Trump has denigrated and
at times lied about so a question on
that was posed the FBI director who
let's of course not forget has this job
because his predecessor was fired
because of the same Russia probe and
that firing is now part of the
obstruction inquiry I have a question
for a director ray
Thank You Special Counsel Oh probably
smaller it has and that is more than 20
Russian officials based on work by the
FBI or meddling in the 2016 election now
the president has tweeted that that
investigation by the Special Counsel
there's a hoax and should be shut down I
know you've said that you don't believe
it as a hoax but why would the American
people believe what you're just saying
about the FBI when the president says
that the investigation by the Special
Counsel is a hoax and what the press
secretary yesterday said that there was
a lot of corruption within the FBI if
you have any response to those things
coming from the White House well I can
assure the American people that the men
and women of the FBI starting from the
director all the way on down are gonna
follow our holes and do our jobs strong
question the answer is up in the air
that's a statement that could mean
something that oath that he references
us to the Constitution not the president
and in our history there are certainly
officials who took their oaths to mean
that they had to stand up to criminal
conduct when discovered by their peers
or superiors but let's be clear director
Ray's statement also could mean nothing
because it's leaning on a cliche rather
than stating unequivocally today that
the FBI director still has Muller's back
has his own agents back and isn't gonna
change his actions or his words just
because the president down the hall
keeps running down the pro' now there's
one more insight we think we can
probably glean from today's events and
it came also from Intel chief Dan Coates
the one who chose to tell everyone
before that Trump was hiding the Putin
meetings contents from him which again
isn't something he has to put on blast
in front of the nation but he did it
again today putting on the record that
this was not an issue of timing or delay
or sitting down with his boss it's been
three weeks and your nation's top
intelligence officials still doesn't
know what happened in Helsinki in the
run-up to the Helsinki summit US
officials
ambassador masters NATO ambassadors to
Russia said that the president would
raise the issue of a malign activity
with President Putin he didn't discuss
that at least at the press conference
you're saying today that the president
has directed you to make the issue of
election meddling a priority how do you
explain the disconnect between what you
are saying his advisors and what the
president has said about this issue I'm
not in a position to either understand
fully or talk about what happened
Helsinki he's not in a position meaning
he still doesn't know there's an old
Brooklyn saying about that moment of
insight that hits you when you learn a
truth if you don't know now you know
well under Trump Dan Coates has turned
that upside down telling everyone he
didn't know and he still doesn't he is
the one person in charge of our US
national security secrets if he still
doesn't know that sounds like a problem
for all of us we begin tonight with Ken
Delaney an intelligence and national
security reporter for NBC News that has
been a part of a great deal of reporting
and some scoops on this subject thank
you for joining me tonight Thank You Ari
good to be here when you look at that
united front what do you see as the
positive and what do you see as
problematic that was clearly left unsaid
now that was such a fascinating mixture
of truth and fiction of cynicism and
earnestness right before us at that news
conference the fiction and the cynicism
was National Security Advisor John
Bolten coming out and trying to suggest
that from the moment Donald Trump took
office he has had a strong and forceful
policy to counter for an election
intervention and Russian meddling that's
just false we've reported that it's
false anyone who has a twitter feed and
reads Donald Trump on Twitter knows that
that's not true what he's done is
undermine at every turn the conclusion
of intelligence community that Russia
interfered even tonight hours after this
event Donald Trump gave a speech in
wilkes-barre and he again referred to
the Russia hoax he said that his
relationship with Putin could be good
but it's hindered by the Russian hoax so
so that part of it was ridiculous but
you know Chris
a Paul naka Sony who's the head of the
National Security Agency and Dan coats
I really believe do have an interest in
trying to do something and they did want
to communicate to the American people
that the government does recognize that
this is a problem they're trying to flag
that the Russians are still out there
intervening and there are some things
that they are doing about it and the
most interesting thing that I heard was
Paul naka Sony who's a general and who
commands Cyber Command which is you know
the nation's cyber war force said that
he was prepared to go after foreign
meddlers in our election and he seemed
to suggest that he had presidential
authorization to do that I think that's
actually up in the air we needed to pin
that down because he actually can't use
the vast cyber arsenal at his disposal
unless Donald Trump allows him to do
that but that was the biggest news I
thought that came out of what many of
those people said other other things
that they said we already knew yes the
Russians continued to meddle in our
politics
yes DHS is reaching out to the states to
try to shore up cyber security yes the
FBI has a foreign influence task force
and they are trying to step up their
efforts and no there is no presidential
leadership the president wasn't there
there's no central unifying bullet that
knits this let's dig into that that
point you raised because it's it's
common to say this is better than
nothing
and you hear that a lot in Washington
where a lot of times nothing is what's
going on that's a low bar for the
trumpet ministration so while better
than nothing as you say without the
president there doesn't it still look
like the cybersecurity plan is a sort of
a headless body out where these various
agency folks do what they can but we all
know and see that the head of the
government is undercutting them before
and after yes and and the biggest
evidence of that is that they're having
this news conference a hundred days
before the midterms it's a buddy it's
about a year and a half too late because
none of this behavior by the Russians
stopped at all after the 2016 election
particularly the intervention on
Facebook and Twitter the attempt to sort
of divide Americans by by creating false
personas and stirring up trouble that's
been going on and dan coates gave a
speech a couple of weeks ago where he
said the system is blinking red and so
yes you're absolutely right because we
can shore up our cyber defenses and we
can do a lot of different things to try
to defend but the Russian intelligence
hackers are always going to get in in
some fashion and the
way that you stopped them is to deter
them to make them direct price and the
only person that can do that is Donald
Trump those other losers conference
can't do that just briefly to that that
final point cuz you've reported on this
one of the issues with the Obama
administration and the and the perils
that are posed even if someone tries to
take it seriously was quote Obama's
approach the Washington Post noted
seemed reducible the imperative don't
make things worse Obama and his advisers
concern any pre-election response could
provoke an escalation from Putin putting
aside the Trump peace of this what is
the problem for the u.s. that is you've
put it lives in a glass house when it
comes to escalating a cyber a global war
yet that was a reasonable concern by
Barack Obama because we are the most
vulnerable of any society we are the
most internet connected and we are
extremely vulnerable to Russian cyber
attack and they are in our networks
including our critical critical
infrastructure but you know most
intelligence officials and experts that
I talked to feel like what else can we
do there has to be a response to this we
are wide open right now to an attack on
our democracy and the Russians have not
been deterred in the least and there's
got to be something that we can do to
deter I all right NBC's Ken Delaney and
I thank you so much all over the story
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
