it's day 560 of the Trump administration
and President Trump just wrapped up a
rally in Pennsylvania where he ramped up
his attacks on the media just hours
earlier the president's top national
security officials delivered a forceful
warning on Russian election interference
promising to protect the integrity of US
elections but there was no mention of
Russian meddling at tonight's rally
though the President did bring up his
meeting with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki
in Helsinki I had a great meeting with
Putin we discussed everything I had a
great day we got along really well by
the way that's a good thing not a bad
thing that's a really good thing now
we're being hindered by the Russian hoax
it's a hoax okay I'll tell you what
Russia is very unhappy that Trump won
vatican's happened but I got along great
with poo and everybody said wow that was
a great that was great a couple of hours
later I started hearing these reports
that you know they wanted me to walk up
his opponent in here they wanted me to
walk up and go like this
they wanted me to go up and have a
boxing match I said whatever happened to
diplomacy I like to be really really
liked me president Trump also saved
plenty of time to complain about the
press fake news despite only negative
publicity only negative stories from the
fakers back there
and even these people back here these
horrible horrendous people even these
people back there said look at it it
looks like the Academy Awards is some
money you ever see this book they can
make anything bad because they are the
fake fake disgusting news nice
as we mentioned it was a whole different
scene during today's White House
briefing where we heard these clear
warnings on Russian election
interference from top administration
officials our democracy itself is in the
crosshairs free and fair elections are
the cornerstone of our democracy and it
has become clear that they are the
target of our adversaries who seek as
the DNI just said to sow discord and
undermine our way of life our focus here
today is simply just tell the American
people we acknowledge the threat it is
real it is continuing and we're doing
everything we can to have a legitimate
election that the American people can
have trust in the reality is it's going
to take all of us working together to
hold the field because this threat is
not going away as I have said
consistently Russia attempted to
interfere with the last election and
continues to engage in malign influence
operations to this day this is a threat
we need to take extremely seriously and
to tackle and respond to with fierce
determination and focus White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
told NBC News today that President Trump
instructed his team to speak at today's
news conference asked when the president
made the request Sanders didn't respond
and it's important to point out just
last Friday the president met with his
National Security Council on election
security for less than one hour after
the meeting the White House released a
statement that said the administration
would not tolerate foreign interference
in elections but it did not mention
Russia by name let's bring in our
leadoff panel for a Thursday night
Jeremy bash former chief of staff at the
CIA and the Pentagon and three Pulitzer
Prize winners were with us tonight Carol
lenok investigative reporter for The
Washington Post Phil Rucker White House
bureau chief for The Washington Post
and Matt Apuzzo reporter for the New
York Times Jerry Bosch let me start with
you the the analysis in the national
security community seems to be that the
men and women who were in the White
House briefing room were speaking to US
policy were speaking for America against
Russia and that the president is is sort
of a rogue actor what do you make of the
fact that the president even if he's a
rogue actor was the person who was alone
in a room with Vladimir Putin does it
matter to Vladimir Putin if he can get
Donald Trump in a room alone that the
rest of his national security officials
take a tougher line well for Putin the
only guy that matters is the guy in the
Oval Office so your point is well-taken
Nicole I think it was manifestly the
right call on the right message by the
National Security leaders to stand at
the White House and warned against
Russian interference in the in the net
in the coming election I think it was
obviously an implicit rebuke of the
president's position that there's
nothing to worry about with respect to
Russian interference but in essence what
you have here is is part of a broad
pattern where the national security
establishment is in effect ignoring the
commander in chief they're basically
saying not listing whenever he tweets
whatever he says whatever he does we're
gonna keep our head down do our job and
protect the American people
Matt Apuzzo this performance today in
the briefing room caps almost a year of
awkward testimony Christopher ray
testified to the fact that he'd never
been asked by the President to do
anything from a law enforcement
standpoint to protect this country
Admiral Rogers testified that on behalf
of the NSA he's really not doing
anything extra in the wake of of 2016
what do you make of sort of the
impotence with which these folks have to
go about doing their job without the
go-ahead or the green life and the
commander-in-chief yeah I haven't seen
anything from the federal law
enforcement or intelligence side that
suggests that the intelligence community
is sort of sitting on its hands sort of
just well if somebody told me we had to
protect the country I guess we would
talk about the basic functions of their
government agencies but but certainly
when there have been I mean general
Hayden former CIA director former NSA
head has called the 2016 attack
a political 9/11 no certainly there is
nothing happening in the government in
the executive branch that mirrors the
steps that the national security
apparatus took after 9/11 well I mean I
go I'll go you one better
even if even if everybody's on the same
page and even if everybody is you know
at at the highest level of alert going
into the election
there's only sort of so much you can
prepare for and and as an example during
the Obama administration
the FBI the CIA everybody was was on
alert for Russian interference and when
they saw the hacking that was happening
they looked at it and said okay yeah we
know this game this is they're gonna
they're gonna seize the material and
they're gonna use it for intelligence
purposes it was only when they saw
either when they weaponize the hacked
material and started publishing it
through WikiLeaks did they say oh my god
we didn't see this coming so the
question there failure of imagination
exactly so I think that you know one of
the things to be asking now is sure
you're preparing but but do you really
even see what's gonna be coming down the
pike just because if they decide to play
again doesn't mean they're gonna the
Russians are gonna go to the same
playbook so record color me skeptical
that this performance was anything other
than a shiny object to distract from the
fact that yesterday the President and
people close to him had had a moment of
concern that he may have obstructed
justice or done something that looked a
lot like it in plain sight only yes like
seven days ago by asking ordering or
they they're quibbling about what the
definition of the word should is I think
I think that's Rudy's latest talking
point but but was this performance today
something long in the works that they
were all asked to submit their remarks
or was this something to change the
topic from the mess that the president
created yesterday with his early morning
tweet about getting sessions to and the
which on I think it came about rather
quickly but I don't think it was purely
a move to distract from the news
yesterday I think this has been building
for some time we saw Dan Coates a week
or two ago raised some alarm in that
interview with Andrea Mitchell out in
Aspen we've seen the intelligence alarm
is a good
you said that let me tell you was the
answer about the Helsinki let's watch
that and then run up to the Helsinki
summit
US officials ambassador investors to
NATO ambassadors to Russia said the
president would raise the issue of a
malign activity with president he didn't
discuss that at least at the press
conference you're saying today that the
president has directed you to make the
issue of election meddling a priority
how do you explain the disconnect
between what you are saying his advisors
and what the president has said about
this issue I'm not in a position to
either understand fully or talk about
what happened Helsinki why not God is
amazing I mean that the this is the
problem right it was only Donald Trump
and Vladimir Putin in that room with
their translators that was by design
because Trump didn't want there to be
any note-takers he didn't want there to
be any kind of paper trail or official
government record of what was discussed
what was agreed to what Trump said what
Putin said and so now you have US
government officials not sure what
happened in that meeting there's yet to
be a public briefing by the
administration but what we have in
Moscow is the Kremlin doling out details
from those conversations characterizing
it as Trump making verbal agreements
with Putin in in ways that favor Russia
and we're not getting similar
information from the United States it's
now been two and a half weeks Carolina
do you get the sense that anyone in the
White House is making the president eat
some spinach if you will and ramped up
the rhetoric and the language from the
White House that that shows some window
into the president or his White House
recognizing that Russia is a threat and
that pretending that it isn't is bad
politics for this White House I think
it's clear that that while some may try
to give him some spinach he's not eating
it and it's you know taking for example
the tweets after watching a lot of cable
news television about the Paul Manafort
trial the president tweeted something
that would only add to a normal
prosecutors view that he is making
threatening or urging statements about
shutting down a criminal
he's making those tweets during an
ongoing criminal trial which is pretty
interesting and and sensational as well
and there was nobody that was going to
stop him
when I asked his lawyers that morning
what are you suggesting to him that he
should not do this they essentially said
you know that's not really our role here
the president does what he wants to do
this is his megaphone no one's gonna
take it away from him
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
