today Senate Republicans revealing new
plans to push through confirmation
hearings next month for Trump's Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh that's
despite missing hundreds of thousands of
Cavanaugh's records from his time in the
Bush White House files that might not be
available until October these are
documents that the Republicans
themselves demanded just a few days ago
Democrats say these files belong to the
American people what are they hiding
what are they hiding let's be clear the
papers don't belong to Brett Kavanaugh
George Bush or Donald Trump they belong
to the American people
Democrats also saying Cavanaugh's
nomination puts roe v wade at risk they
are literally trying to punish women
didn't President Trump say during the
campaign we have to punish him somehow
he he does not value women and so every
woman and man in America who cares about
women's reproductive freedom and the
ability of women to make their own
judgments about their own body should be
speaking out and fighting hard joining
me now is Stephanie shriyak president of
Emily's list a national political group
that supports women candidates
definitely thanks for joining me on the
show
look one great way to fight an
imposition on a woman's rights is to run
candidates and have those candidates
elected and that is a strategy that you
have followed and it's one that may make
a lot of sense after the midterm
elections the problem is that this may
happen before the midterm elections it's
that is true and I think that's part of
what we're seeing going on today so we
can't you know it appears now that we
can't get all the documents on Cavanaugh
until the end of October senator
Grassley the chair of the Judiciary
Committee has made it clear that he
wants to do hearings in September still
blocking transparency and refusing to
give all of all of the American people
the opportunity to to see what's going
on here
well why rush this it's one month wait a
month and then oh wait there's an
election we can imagine why they don't
want to wait a month because this
election this November could change the
majority in the Senate so that looks
like a rush job here but this is a huge
mistake
is for a lifetime appointment on the
United States Supreme Court every
senator should have access to all of
these documents I don't care which party
you're in it only makes sense to really
vet and that's that's what they should
be doing so I to people who say Ravi
Wade's not in danger it's established
law and and and cases that people have
seen on civil rights and affirmative
action and gay rights I mean there are a
lot of people who think you don't mess
with that
except you know the president has made
it clear when he was running and since
that he was going to appoint justices
that we're going to do just that to
strip down roe v wade to pull rights
away from from women and and that's I
we've got it
you know what he's you know Trump has
done pretty much everything he's
promised to do or he's surely attempted
I believe him again this is what he's
gonna do on top of a lot of other things
so you better believe roe v wade is
already getting attacked in local courts
around the country and district courts
legislators that are controlled by
Republicans are pushing through very
dangerous laws that the courts thus far
in many cases have stopped but if the US
Supreme Court tears down roe v wade and
i it appears to me that Kavanagh is the
type of justice who would not stand by
that precedent then we've got huge
problems and I'm not sure it stops at
roe and we're talking marriage equality
how far back are we gonna go
you know Griswold was a case that
allowed women to get access to birth
control so I cited all of my sisters and
all of the men who loved women we need
access to birth or is this going to but
this country and a lot of women elected
a president who said to Chris Matthews
before the election that he would
criminalize abortion not not simply not
support roe v wade this president went
much farther than that well and you and
the question you asked before was you
know is this really gonna be the case is
it really gonna happen and I know in the
last election I think there was a lot of
feelings like oh he's just saying these
kinds of things now we know from 18
months of him being an office that no he
actually believes everything that he has
said
he is actually moving forward on all of
these promises that we thought maybe
we're just for wow you know outrageous
statements to engage the base now women
across the country know what the truth
is and so do men and this is really
gonna be you know it already has been
motivating there's a reason that
millions of women marched across this
country early in his tenure and those
women keep marching I mean Emily's list
has had over 40,000 women sign up just
to stop this guy will see the impact of
that and the other marches that have
occurred again at the ballot box and
that's something you're very involved in
but slates legal reporter tweeted this
interesting take today on Democrats
needing to fight now to save roe v--
wade later and he said Kavanagh is going
to overturn roe v-- wade millions of
progressives will take to the streets in
protest but if they could seize on that
energy now they might stop Cavanaugh and
save Roe I know in a lot of ways that's
the sentiment you share because one day
when a ruling happens and everybody
realizes that basic rights maybe it's
roe v-- wade maybe it's other basic
rights that we consider basic now in
America when they slip away everybody
will take to the streets and it may be
too late well and that's we've got to go
now and it is really up to the American
people across this country and women and
men who care about human rights and
equal opportunities have to rise up
right now and talk to these senators
share with them their personal stories
their challenges their hopes their
opportunities that they want for their
future and having access to reproductive
you think there's a few key things and
we are seeing that happen in Maine we're
seeing that happen in a lot we're seeing
that happen across the country and that
pressure just lose got it you name three
states that have women senators does it
work elsewhere where people have a very
conservative base absolutely I think it
is important to talk to every senator
whether you live in Mississippi or
Indiana if you live in Georgia or you
live in Washington State they need to
hear what matters to you and this this
appointment this lifetime appointment on
the court is
going to determine roe v wade it is
going to determine probably the powers
of the presidency it's going to
determine a lot of corruption it's going
to determine a lot of regulations this
is an important thing and this is what
we got to get back to these records we
need to vet Cavanaugh and our senators
our elected officials should have total
access of every document that he has
been engaged with it is their job to do
a full review and I want to know what
are the Republicans trying to hide here
we have got to see these papers hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our youtube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
