we're learning that Bob Muller wants to
talk to the man who set up the Trump
Tower meeting between Don Jr and a
Russian lawyer promising dirt on Hillary
Clinton the man in question is a russian
pop star who met with donald trump in
moscow in 2013 his father is an oligarch
very close to Vladimir Putin he appeared
to embrace his notoriety recently
releasing this is kind of nuts a music
video with a trump impersonator which
references the salacious Trump Russia
dossier you really got me good he also
admitted that he set up the Trump Tower
meeting I said listen there's some
people that want to meet you they
obviously want something that could
potentially help them resolve things
that you could be interested in or maybe
not if you can spare five minutes of
your time I'd be grateful if not no
problem and obviously don't junior big
Don junior said of course you know I'll
do it if you're asking I said that
meeting up I know what that meeting was
about it was about nothing he says the
drum tower meeting was about nothing
apparently Bob Muller has some questions
about that claim this as news develops
about a potential face-to-face meeting
between Muller and Trump now it looks
like they could that could come sooner
than anyone thought the New York Times
reporting this remarkable detail Trump
wants to get in front of Muller so he
can convince Muller that Muller's probe
is a quote witch-hunt that's hubris e
joining me now is former federal
prosecutor Daniel Goldman and former
Watergate prosecutor Nick Ackerman two
prosecutors a min Aguilera that guy must
be a prosecutor's dream he loves to talk
he believes his own story he made a
video joking about the Russia dossier I
mean I can imagine why mother wants to
talk to him one of the things that I
learned as a prosecutor is it is
remarkable how little many witnesses
understand about whether what they've
done is right or wrong and I don't mean
that in the sort of larger esoteric
but when he says that this meeting was
nothing as he did on that clip he has no
idea whether that meeting is actually
nothing or whether it means something he
certainly doesn't understand the
intricacies of US campaign finance law
and he doesn't understand how
prosecutors put cases together
so what Muller wants to talk to him
about is what were the conversations
that preceded that meeting what did you
promise what did you understand was
gonna be promised to Rob Goldstone who
was the intermediary right what was your
relationship with Don Jr did you have
other conversations and he doesn't even
know whether his answers are relevant or
not but he could be a very interesting
witness if he if he agrees to meet with
them is there any chance of that
happening I'd say it's almost zero but
and I also think if he does meet with
him he's gonna lie I mean he's extremely
relevant the goldstone email of
joonyoung third or fourth basically says
that the Russian government is backing
Donald Trump for president that they
have dirt on Hillary Clinton which we
all know means the emails that were
stolen out of the Democratic National
Committee as Papadopoulos has pointed
out so he knows he knows a lot he was
told a lot he was told about the backing
of the Russian government he also had a
conversation with Don junior between the
time of those emails and the time of the
meeting so there were a number of
conversations that we don't know what
was said and I guarantee you he is not
going to tell the truth on what those
were about what's the consequence Daniel
of a Russian national being asked to
testify he's not being subpoenaed it's
not being charged with anything so it's
not even like a government-to-government
discussion about whether or not he can
be interviewed by the FBI so it's
interesting I think there is some chance
and it's because for the same reason
that the sanctions against the Russian
oligarchs are so devastating is the same
reason that someone like this pop star
sure wants to be in the United States an
apartment in New York he doesn't have
one exactly so he wants to have more of
a presence in existence in the United
States and he wants to be able to either
you know yeah he's clearly as the the
son of an oligarch so he's got a lot of
money and
if you say no I'm not coming and there's
an outstanding subpoena for you to
arrive here I prefer to testify you can
come in and out it's not you're not
gonna be picked up and arrested but you
will be served with that subpoena and if
you don't show up you could that could
then turn it yes exactly so you don't
want to get on the wrong side of the
Department of Justice if you are someone
interested in living and existing and
profiting good that's a that's an
interesting point because this guy's
becoming like the Carter Page of Russia
he likes to give interviews he likes to
talk about it okay Nick let's talk about
this other matter that the the idea that
Donald Trump wants to be with mother so
he can convince Muller that Muller's
investigation is a witch-hunt
how is that gonna go over first of all I
don't really think he wants to do that I
mean this is a basically a you know good
cop bad cop situation he's trying to say
oh I want to cooperate I did nothing he
says right and then when Giuliani says
you know you can't do it he's going to
say well I had to follow the advice of
my lawyers the bottom line is he wants
to meet with Mulder just like he wants
to go in for a root canal there's no way
he wants to do that and he knows that he
can't go in I mean if he was really
innocent and he really had nothing to
hide he would have gone in there a long
time ago I mean what he has done is not
the actions of somebody who was innocent
and someone who has nothing to hide he
has done everything he can up to this
point to avoid having to talk about this
at all with the prospect how does it
generally go over with prosecutors hey
you know yet that investigation you got
into me hogwash how much money would you
pay to watch Donald Trump try to
convince Bob Muller that the 35
indictments and guilty pleas the
exhaustive and professional
investigation that would rate really
well that would actually be a good
conversation because maybe he thinks I
mean you might you have you dealt with
people who think they can get meant to
you otherwise about the case that you've
got all the time it's shocking and
particularly fraudsters I mean they even
when you deal in meetings with you know
violent criminals with drug dealers in
particular they know what they're doing
is wrong and they're not pretending that
what they're doing is right and mobsters
as well they know they're professional
criminals fraudsters think they can
always pull
fast one even on the prosecutors and
they're much more difficult to break
down and get them to tell the truth then
more of the hardened criminals who say
I'm just a criminal so they constantly
do that fraudsters do and we're seeing a
little bit of that dynamic with Paul
Manafort as well and ultimately it
doesn't work and it always endures
against the witness you think there's
anything to this idea that Muller that
Trump can submit questions Muller
narrows it down to a couple of topics
and and Trump answers in paper there's
no way I mean those are the absolutely
worthless I mean I don't see that
happening at all look you've got a
dynamic here that is different than any
other criminal investigation it's the
same thing that happened with the
Watergate investigation you've got
people who are very politically high up
in the government to go in and tell the
truth and tell them exactly what
happened you're out of it you're gone
that's the end of your career if you go
in and and you take the Fifth Amendment
it's as good as saying I'm guilty if you
go in and lie that's what they did in
the Watergate case and all of those
people got convicted of perjury as well
as all the other crimes that were
charged with and you see that with Don
Jr going in talking about the Trump
Tower meeting you see it with Kushner
going in and talking about various
meetings I mean I think it's just
history repeating itself all over again
oh hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
