four American cities are filing suit
against President Trump arguing that
he's violating the Constitution with his
promise to quote let Obamacare implode
that's part of a promise to gut the
landmark health care law stretching back
to the beginning of his campaign now in
the filing Chicago Columbus Cincinnati
and Baltimore argue that the president
is failing to execute the law by
actively undercutting the Affordable
Care Act just yesterday the
administration announced a plan for
cheaper short-term insurance plans a
move that critics say will drive up the
price of health care exchanges joining
me now is Mayor Catherine Pugh of
Baltimore one of the plaintiffs in the
case mayor thanks for joining me what's
the basis on which you and your fellow
mayor's are launching the suit we're
launching it because when you pass a law
the president has the power to enforce
the law and by not enforcing the law and
changing the law and coming up with the
short term health care plan what we're
going to find is more people uncovered
and just for example last year in
Baltimore just through the efforts that
the Trump administration has undergone
thus far the our fire department had to
respond to 17,000 individuals who did
not have health care that's a problem
for all of our cities in all of our
states and this country we can't
continue to call ourselves the greatest
country in the world when we don't even
provide health care for the individuals
who live in our country you knew you
think about reproductive health care you
think about HIV and AIDS we had a young
man about two years ago who died in our
city because he couldn't get dental care
this is just unconscionable and so we've
joined this lawsuit we think it's the
right thing to do we know that other
cities will join as well because as
these cost skyrocket
cities have to cover those costs so I
guess that's my next question you have
to have standing in order to join a
lawsuit like this and your standing is
that your your city is is suffering as a
result of these decisions to undercut
Obamacare absolutely and just as I just
pointed out you know seventeen thousand
individuals last year that our fire
department had to respond to you know
taking them to health care facilities
and they don't have health care and so
as a result you know we've got it
that's uncompensated care and we've got
to take care of individuals we don't
turn people away you know from our
Hospital
we try to take care of them and this is
a cost that cities cannot afford to to
bear what do you what does a success
look like for you here what what does a
victory look like in terms of Obamacare
what victory looks like is what the
initial protocol was for Obamacare and I
called the ACA the Affordable Care Act
and that was to provide opportunities
for people to get health care to
advertise those opportunities to promote
those opportunities and what we saw in
our states were robust roles increasing
with people you know applying for the
Affordable Care opportunities that were
made available to them and now that we
sort of kind of slowed it down with not
promoting it we're not advertising it
we're not enforcing it and now we're
driving up the cost and people cannot
afford that the costs that are being
driven up by the acts of the Trump
administration mayor thank you for
joining me I appreciate it Mayor
Catherine Pugh is the mayor of Baltimore
joining three other cities in a lawsuit
against the Trump administration hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
