ladies and gentlemen the President of
the United States secretary John King
and the 2016 National Teacher of the
Year it is now my privilege
I thought they were gonna kick me out of
there they were like stand still I was
like this is this is as good as it gets
like it was so surreal that was still
yeah I was still four well I don't blame
you it's an exciting thing when you meet
the president well I'm never getting
invited back well oh my gosh I love her
already but you know what you learn in
school Joe what's that when you're wrong
you're wrong you can't blame it on
anyone else it's on you former National
Teacher of the Year Johanna Hayes I got
your name wrong no one got it wrong for
me so I apologize but great to have you
on the show she may get to book a ticket
back to Washington after all only this
time it would be as a representative of
the state of Connecticut Johanna is
mounting a Democratic primary challenge
in the state's fifth congressional
district and we welcome you to the show
thank you for having being awesome so
the inspiration to run where'd that come
from
my students just like everything else
you know I took him on a Habitat for
Humanity build and I just thought who's
gonna speak for these kids who's gonna
make sure that our future is what I keep
telling them that it will be happy work
in Waterbury Connecticut yes right and
so you see the struggles head-on
Waterbury
has its challenges yeah and as a teacher
you're on the ground really seeing the
impact of those challenges so what do
you plan to do differently well I was
born and raised in Waterbury so I lived
through those challenges and I
understand what happens when government
works when we get people mobile and back
on their feet so that they can be
contributors so I can speak to that with
fidelity but I also understand that all
people have value and there are so many
different communities in Connecticut you
know so my goal is just to make sure
that everyone is represented you know no
matter where you live no matter what
your socio-economic statuses no matter
what your background is that people feel
included and connected to our government
how exciting was it to meet President
Obama in the White House I mean I saw
yeah how was that for you that was
unbelievable I mean my family was there
I'm a person who
was a high school dropout who was a
teenage mom who was homeless who
struggled so to be recognized at that
level in my profession for the work that
I did and the impact that I made by a
man who just symbolizes everything that
I believe in this idea of Hope because
that's what I taught my students that
you know you can be better you know hope
is a strategy so to be on that stage
next to him being celebrated for my
profession yeah so given your life what
has happened in your life you're a high
school history teacher now you're
running for the Congress of the United
States in a pretty big district in
kinetic pretty wide district so it's
sort of like I would imagine a big
parent-teacher conference every time you
go out and meet people and greet people
what is on people's minds in your
district as you go through the district
well it's definitely just like a
parent-teacher conference because you
have to deal with everyone people have
different issues different concerns but
what I found at the end of the day
people are concerned about their
children about their future about the
future of this country and no matter who
they are or where they come from we all
want the exact same things so if we
start with just getting back to that
moral Center just getting back to who we
are and what we value as a country I
think will be so much better off you
know as I talk to people their concerns
might be different because of the area
that they're in but at the end of the
day they all go back to this idea of who
we are as Americans you know in my life
story it really just embodies all of
that I know what's possible because I've
lived it when people get into politics
for the first time as you know they
often come from local politics or when
they get in national politics that come
from local politics or they're business
leaders of some kind and they use that
background sort of as a launching point
I can balance a budget I've done this
what advantage do you have as a teacher
what makes a teacher a unique and good
candidate for Congress my whole
professional life has been about
grooming the next generation about
dealing with problems as they come about
meeting the challenges head-on about
being flexible about compromising about
getting people to coalesce around ID
I think that's exactly what Congress
needs and our representation should be a
mix of everyone in our communities not
just one group not just people with
political experience you know that's
what representative democracy looks like
everybody coming together sitting at the
table discussing ideas bringing unique
perspectives and coming to consensus and
and solutions I'm a problem solver you
know and I think that is what Congress
can use right now
Johanna Hayes thank you very much angry
oh thank you so much to you
we'll be watching all right and stay
with us for final thoughts my show yeah
Mike - Johanna Hayes just gave the final
thoughts that were in my mind you know
we've got to pull this country together
we've gone through too much to get to
where we are as a nation to let it go
down the drain to attack lies and hatred
and let's bring America back well before
game set starts tonight in Boston we'll
put that to the side all right well you
Red Sox fatalist but the president we
should underline again tweeted yesterday
that the Attorney General should stop
the rigged witch hunt the first time
he's explicitly said publicly that he
wants his Attorney General tweeting on
there get rid of Bob Muller and his
investigation would be function of
Justice Jeremy look at the way that
these social media companies are failing
to act to combat this divisive missus
lethal devices miss in some places of
the world and you have to wonder at what
point is the pressure is there ever
going to be enough pressure on them or
do their consumers the people who
consume news that that comports with
their worldview just not really want it
all right and yeah I just say if you are
calling for an end to the Russian
investigation then you were not doing
the bidding of Donald Trump you're doing
the bidding of an ex-kgb agent who now
is a killer running Russia and who
considers himself an enemy of the United
States of America good luck explaining
that your home district this weekend
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
