if you tune into Donald Trump's rally in
Tampa Florida last night you might have
noticed a somewhat ubiquitous cue symbol
on signs in the crowd and if you are
lucky enough not to have to had to
interact with this idea let me take a
moment to explain those Trump supporters
you see waving around the letter Q
printed on signs and on their t-shirts
are followers of Q a anonymous poster on
the message boards 4chan and hm q claims
to be sharing insider government secrets
of the masses and has spawned an entire
movement q and on which essentially
believes the entirety of the Democratic
Party and much of Hollywood are
conspiring and running an underground
pedophile sex trafficking ring even Tom
Hanks and the followers of Q also
believe that President Donald Trump is
working secretly with the generals to
expose this entire sick thing and that
the molar probe isn't actually
investigating Donald Trump but Robert
Muller and Donald Trump are actually
investigating the Obamas and the
Clintons all of them are wearing ankle
bracelets because they've already been
secretly indicted now if you're hearing
this for the first time your reaction is
correct this is all insane and
incoherent it is also shockingly
widespread as evidenced by last night
and remember when Roseanne Barr tweeted
about how President Trump has freed so
many children held in bondage to pimps
all over this world that was a cue and
on reference Curt Schilling has linked
to a pro cue and on video on his
Facebook account and Sean Hannity
retweeted a hashtag he went on tweet
this past January the cue and on Reddit
board Great Awakening has almost 50,000
subscribers its YouTube videos regularly
get hundreds of thousands of views it's
a conspiracy theory that appears to be
growing in strength and it had its
coming-out party at the president's
rally in Tampa last night I want to
bring in two people have been tracking
the growth of this conspiracy theory
MSNBC contributor Sam cedar hosts the
majority with a report and will summer
tech an Internet reporter for The Daily
Beast who has been on this well I want
to start with a bite of someone at the
rally sort of explaining it because I
think it shows the like crazy sort of
mystical cult quality of the following
of this take a lesson
the Great Awakenings all started back
when the president was meeting with
military leaders back in October last
year he said this is a calm before the
storm
that launched us into what cute military
intelligence most likely has been
talking to all of us letting us know
what's going on behind the scenes
letting us know the covert battles that
are waging between the devastated
President Trump and his military
alliance
combat the mainstream media we're
fighting the battle on all fronts here
what what do we I don't want to get into
the details of this cuz it really is
like this sort of like bizarre not know
stick nonsense but why is this thing
taken hold you know so q nah I think you
had a great summary of it it almost
presents like a counter a narrative for
Trump supporters who maybe aren't happy
with how the administration is going or
they wanted more like they wanted to
lock her up or something like that and
so Q nom presents this whole counter
narrative of a whole all the items are
like Trump's winning and Trump's taking
on the deep state and so that's I think
why it appeals to Trump supporters and
also that's interesting and also like by
fine is drink too about it will is it
like it's like the molar all those news
you're seeing about Muller which is
upsetting if you support the President
or think that like actually it's all
gonna be revealed that they're on the
same team
exactly it's very like take it easy
don't worry we're taking down the deep
state
you know Sam we wrestle sometimes on
this show with like what do you cover
and what don't you write like you don't
you know there there's lot people across
the entire political spectrum believe
all sorts of insane things and that is
true of liberals and people on the Left
I want to be clear this is there's not
like I'm monopoly but the way the
right-wing ecosystem works there's a
kind of growth that this can spread to
and and just just to be clear like there
was a dude at the Hoover Dam who's a
standoff with law enforcement armed with
like a cue and on released the OIG
report nod this is something that has
really spread it seems to me real fairly
far in that world yeah I mean and and
it's I understand the dilemma of whether
you cover this I remember an Associate
Producer on my podcast wanted to cover
gamergate years ago and I thought oh
what's the point of that that's not
politics and then these people end up in
the White House four or five years later
I mean honestly this is the this is the
dilemma that we deal with I mean there's
a couple of fascinating things about
this one is you can track this through
Alex Jones promoted it for a while I
mean for all we know Q is just some guy
who started on 4chan who wanted to see
if people would believe this like like
other fake news stories that weren't
heard and the other element that sort of
fascinating is that we
have seen you know left/right conspiracy
theories but this is for the guy who's
in power and yes it's creating a
narrative um there's that stat out today
I think by the Washington Post that the
the president has told something like
four thousand lies or something like
this so this whole narrative is really
only different in its quality right or
you know it's like it's just it's just a
more interesting version of what the
president is telling us that's a great
point that well that and and there's
also the fact that people are getting
there in front of the x times and read
the Washington Post and listen to you
know this that they like there's nowhere
to get your information listen to me and
anyone that believes in me and so you
choke off one information source and
this is what you get absolutely I mean
people who believe in queueing on I mean
if you really believe in it I mean it
you're completely unmoored from what's
actually going on in the world and so
this is kind of the culmination of
decades of Republican attacks on the
media and on independent sources of
truth and and of course the President
himself attacking it and so you end up
with these various dangers very
dangerous situations like as you
mentioned this man at the Hoover Dam
well and you also got a situation which
the platforms once again are aiding this
here's when users search friend Tom
Hanks Tom Hanks on YouTube the top five
videos all accused Hanks of being a
pedophile Sam like this stuff it starts
at the margins but if you're some person
who just searches for Tom Hanks on
YouTube the next thing you know you're
watching one of these videos yeah I mean
look at the and you've hit the nail on
the head in terms of the right wing echo
chamber and and it it goes a lot of
strange places like I said Alex Jones
was promoting this for a long time
with jerome corsi of who has been you
know well-known and in terms of swift
boating john kerry and then at one point
when they realized they were losing the
control of the narrative they started
saying that kuhn on had actually been
overtaken by i guess
internal spies who were starting to
spread disinformation i mean it's all
part of a narrative and there's a lot of
money to be made with this that's the
other
Alex Jones is making hundreds of
thousands of dollars if not millions of
dollars a year off of his various
different platforms and and that's
pretty compelling I have to say like I
this has been a sort of the margins of
my consciousness I've sort of seeing
that at the the rally last night was a
kind of a shocking an arresting moment I
really have to say like there's the
President and like it would be like if
like if Barack Obama were up there with
like a bunch of people being like Google
9/11 truth like and like that would be
pretty shocking and that's sort of what
we got last night Sam cedar will summer
thanks for joining me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
