Donald Trump does have problems with the
truth and it's getting worse there's a
new report out today showing Trump has
been tripling down on how often he makes
misleading statements or lies the
Washington Post reporting over 4200
false or misleading claims that's how
they put it in the presidency thus far
now he was averaging what they call five
false claims a day now it's up to 16
daily this summer the latest example the
strange argument for voter ID laws last
night only American citizens should vote
in American election which is why the
time has come for voter ID and now if
you go out and you want to buy groceries
you need a picture on a card you need ID
you don't need an ID to buy groceries
you can get any kind of fruit ID free
Trump may be doing something deeper here
though attacking the notion the truth
exists and fact-checking is valuable Oh
believe me if it's off bike one
hundredth of a percent that's like I end
up getting Pinocchio's right false
stories all made-up lies lies no
witnesses no nothing
all big lies I better say think
otherwise they'll give you a Pinocchio
and just remember what you're seeing and
what you're reading is not what's
happening
I don't like Pinocchio's i'm joined by
mike lupica from the New York Daily News
and Margaret Carlson from The Daily
Beast Margaret why is it according to
the fact checkers getting worse well he
may feel more cornered as the Manafort
trial begins as you know Giuliani has
waited 11 days for a response from
Muller to his offers of an interview and
what might be in there which may mean
that he's a target or not and just the
the pressure of the Muller investigation
it's it's it's heating up and so this is
a guy who who lies for reasons I mean
you know he's starting with the lie the
birther lie the huge lie it worked he
got hooked and
lies kind of recreationally like for no
reason at all it's just a natural thing
to do and he can't really help himself
well it's it's important you bring up
birtherism Mike because that was a
factual assault a lie that also related
to a kind of cultural ethnic assault
that other Republicans many as I've said
on this show before to their credit were
not engaging in John McCain famously
rebutting that during the campaign and
Trump stood up and saw oh that's a
market opportunity the Republican Party
I can do that and this Washington Post
fact check and I I want to say it's sad
the show but this is part of what we're
doing when you divide up the lies you
see there are more on immigration in
foreign policy which relates to the
other countries in the world then even
the Russia probe where everyone knows
he's he's lied a lot about a lot of
things what does it tell you to pick up
on Margaret's insight there that he's
lying so much in that way as a kind of
aggression yeah but I don't think it's
aggression REI I think Muller is it's
like a boxer who keeps cutting off the
ring on Trump but you're right did to
bring up the birtherism thing his
political career was built on on that
lie and then he's been going on and on
and you know we can call him on him all
he we want but there's enough suckers
out there who would believe this
president if he told them water wasn't
wet he continually says that the the
media is the enemy of the people and you
know what happens if you say that lie
often enough you get goon squads like he
had last night and in Florida and we
have up on the screen Trump supporters
according to a new poll say they
actually rely on him 91 percent rely on
Trump more than any other source for
accuracy yeah I mean you look at the the
volume of lies if it's the old Knicks in
the 90s when Pat Riley coached him he
said foul on every play because they're
not going to call all of it okay and he
just thinks it if he drowns you in lies
that you will spend all of your time
trying to tell people the truth and and
what happens is this presidency goes
along is that the assault on truth
becomes as a as profound as
assault on civility on the assault on
good grammar and and you see what he's
like in that festival of lies last night
in Tampa because it's easy to be tough
when there's a mob in front of you but
the mob really likes you right but
they're on your side well Margaret speak
to this point that Mike raised is that
that Donald Trump is the Patrick Ewing
of Lies well there there is a deluge
there is a flood there is a tsunami I
don't know what what metaphor to use
here and you know last night he he's so
encouraged in it by a crowd like that
and he feels so powerful that he can
incite them to turn on the press the way
he did and you know when you look at
that tape you you wonder where where is
that anger coming from from both him and
the people in the audience what do they
have to be that angry about it's kind of
frightening to see but but the the idea
that the the lies are accelerating I
think it's you know 16 a day what's it
going to be by you know after the
midterms the you know if there's if
there's heaven for a liar Donald Trump
will be in it are you were you watching
the show earlier I was I you know I I
can't say gangster the way you do so no
but I didn't know you were met Margaret
Carlson's a master P fan who knew let me
play another moment about the truth from
this Trump rally take a look it's great
that he supports
Ron de santis if he thinks he's good
then he must be good with everything
else are you willing to take his word
for it whoever trump says to vote for
you go for it I do anything he says he
hasn't everything he says it's true it
comes true the comes true there's a lot
of work in that sentence Margaret and in
fairness there are people who I do think
would say that about Barack Obama in
other words I don't think there's
anything unusual about having supporters
who believe in you right that's what
popular politicians tend to have the
difference is walk us through the
political realities Margaret of a person
thinking that about someone who has
we've just showed the Washington Post
Hood is literally lying more than any
president in history well you know Mike
said the water wet thing and it reminded
me that that woman also said that you
just had on the screen said that she was
at the inauguration and therefore she
knows how large the crowd was well she
doesn't know but also on that very day
you'll recall that as Trump stood
speaking to the crowd that was in
Poncho's and raincoats and had their
umbrellas up he said the sun was shining
so she believed that too
and you do want to believe your leaders
are telling the truth and since he has
worked it as dictators do into her
believing him more than her eyes or any
of the you know Pinocchio giving fact
checkers then there's like no getting
through to her knowledge
when Nixon lied we figured it out and
his people came to realize he was lying
and there were consequences here there
were consequences there was also no
internet this is a one as we often do on
this show in this news environment this
is a profoundly depressing segment about
the civic baseline of democracy mike
lupica
just laughing I want to know what's in
your latte and how you keep such a great
demeanor but but you get the final
thought okay but forget master P okay
this is for Margaret no because no sir
she loves knowing will not know master p
how dare you know how dare you as Drake
as Drake says Ari I don't know why they
Lyonne their stuff ain't that inspiring
except he didn't say stuff Wow
idea I'm speechless my my executive
producer just said to me my ear rap and
I think he means wrap up this segment
but he could also mean hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
