NBC News intelligence in national
security reporter Kendall a nyan joins
me from outside the courthouse in Ken I
believe we have recessed for the day so
the good news is you don't to run back
into the courtroom so the highlights of
today it seems as if it was a battle of
the prosecution trying to paint a very
lavish and elite lifestyle of Paul
Manafort while a judge was trying to
convince them not to do that
help me out that was part of it yeah
that was part of it certainly Chuck this
judge TS Ellis is trying to restrain the
prosecutors from graphically
illustrating just how lavish and
extravagant Paul man affordance
lifestyle was he continues to say I
didn't Mohnish them and say look Paul
Manafort is not on trial for being rich
or spending lavishly you've got to show
the relevance but so but what they did
do is is bring in a series of vendors
including as you mentioned some custom
suit makers how's this for a headline
Chuck Paul Manafort spent more than a
million dollars on suits over like a
four year period from from two custom
makers one in Beverly Hills House of B
John he there was testimony that he
bought a house for his daughter for two
million dollars three million dollars in
improvements on his Hampton properties
to it for a home improvement contractor
all of this was paid for by wire
transfers from an account in Cyprus that
prosecutors are gonna allege later was
was parked there to avoid US taxes
invalidation right there let me stop you
right there that is the important fact
here it's how he paid for all of this
it's not that he bought all of this it's
how he paid for the transaction he used
a wire transfer any would go ahead Ken
absolutely because look in theory he
should have been able to afford all this
stuff anyway he was paid sixty million
dollars or his firm was first work for
this Ukrainian politician but what
prosecutors are saying is that he was so
greedy he still had to avoid American
taxes on this and here's another
important thing that we learned from
today Chuck that all of these witnesses
were asked by the prosecutors did Regina
who Rick Gates's and they all said no or
unless they've heard of him in the news
the point the prosecutors made was while
the defense was trying to say that Rick
Gates was behind this
illegal conduct they're gonna blame ring
gates that's essentially that their
defense
each of these witnesses had never heard
of Rick AIDS he had nothing to do with
these transactions Paul Manafort paid
these bills with money from Cyprus and
it's not clear because we the
prosecutors won't talk to us whether
they have tailored their case to respond
to this defense Hail Mary of trying to
blame
Rick gates but that's certainly what's
happening and now we don't even know if
Rick Gates is gonna testify because one
of the prosecutors raised that
possibility today that he may not
testify at the end of the day well let
me ask you this the evidence that was
presented today yes you had people on
the stand but it was a lot of paper that
was presented to the jury today right
which which seems to indicate you may
not need rick gates for this they may
have them just just with ledger sheets i
think that's a very important point yes
each of these witnesses were used to
enter into evidence documents invoices
emails describing payments and remember
the government indicted Paul Manafort
and Rick gates together so they were
prepared to go to trial and convict both
of these men with this documentary
evidence and other witnesses they didn't
think they needed gates gates was gravy
he flipped he turned state's evidence it
would be nice to have gates walking them
through this because he was Paul manna
for its aid to camp II and they may need
him in the DC trial because that's about
failure to register as a foreign
lobbyist as well as this other stuff but
you're absolutely right Chuck it's not
clear that they need him in this case
and it's very possible they don't want
Manta forts lawyers beating up gates in
this trial which would then harm him a
little bit for the next one let me ask
you a final question another lecture
that the prosecution got today from the
judge on the use of the word oligarch
explain yes yeah judge TSL it makes a
lot of these proceedings about him you
know he's been on the bench since the
Reagan administration and he went
through a whole discourse about how the
word oleg arc is pejorative and possibly
you could call a high school principal
in oligarch in some certain sense and so
the prosecutors shouldn't use it and
they reply to hate judge we're not using
it witnesses are using it to describe
some of these Ukrainian funders of the
politician who's paying Madhupur
but at the end of the day you know the
judge is the judge and the prosecutors
surrender and use that word what are
they using extraordinarily wealthy
Russian
who got their money from Vladimir
Putin's government do you just say it
like that even the judge is proposing to
use the word funders which is pretty
anodyne yes it is that's no fun anyway
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press' content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
