Koch Industries is a massive empire that
touches everyday lives in ways you may
not even know me Jane let's follow Jane
through her day as she interacts with
Koch products this is really interesting
Jane wakes up she's had a good night's
sleep in her mattress made of memory
foam which is a coke product from their
company in Vista all right she swings
out of her bed she walks across her
carpet made by a company like Shaw or
Atlas they use Antron fibers which is
another Koch product she's up early so
she grabs her workout shirt and her yoga
pants from say Lululemon they both
contain lycra a material also made by
Invista after yoga she gets dressed her
bra and underwear again contain lycra
she grabs her jeans maybe JD Williams or
Hollister they are marketed as having
Coolmax
technology both of those them again in
Vista a coke brand but she's not
thinking about that so much she's got to
get her kids to school Jane makes sure
they take their backpacks maybe from
feel our North Face or JanSport
regardless they have Cordura fabric also
made by you guessed it in Vista a Coke
Company now it's time for Jane to get to
work she gets in her car the windshield
is made of Guardian glass with a green
tint the cars paint is produced by srg
global as are the belts running her
car's engine Guardian glass srg their
divisions of Guardian industries which
as you guessed it is a Coke Company at
work more Guardian glass on her
company's building it's supposed to be
good for temperature regulation and
she's a programmer and the company looks
very chic the hardwood floors they're
georgia-pacific wood another coke brand
the zip ties sorting all the cables that
are sneaking out from her computer so
conveniently also made by Invista a coke
company by the end of the day she's got
errands to run she gets in her car she
heads to the grocery store she picks up
some bread and corn wheat in the bread
corn on the cob grown using coke
fertilizer she gets home it's a nice
house sturdily built the frame again
made of Georgia Pacific lumber inside
she makes sure her son is doing his
homework the USB hub on the computer
he's using is made by molex a coke
company her daughter's upstairs
listening to music the headphones padded
with more material made by Invista as
the evening gets later she makes sure
the kids are in bed
goes back to her room walks across her
coke produced carpet and gets in her bed
with coke produced memory foam exhausted
from another long day and not to get get
too personal I didn't mention toilet
paper which by the way in most cases
will come from a coke produced company
for a company ally taking it too little
there's a lot of coke stuff in our lives
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
