bring in member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee Democrat from Minnesota
senator Amy Klobuchar and you're working
on legislation on this given the
conversation we've just been having what
can be done mica back in February I was
on this show and said the same thing and
that is that we need rules of the road
in place and that's the bill that I have
with Senator McCain and Senator Warner
that's called the honest ads Act and it
simply says you guys got to follow the
same rules that TV and radio and print
does and that you've got to put the ads
out there and then you've got to put
disclaimer so we know who's paying for
them Facebook has voluntarily done that
now since the Zuckerberg hearings he
said okay we'll follow the rules and
they've also said they'd support our
bill but until then we have gotten no
support for the bill and we finally now
suddenly a bunch of the big media
companies are saying you know what we're
now establishing that this foreign
entity Russia has tried to influence our
election they're getting bolder as dan
coates has said the red lights are
flashing and it's time to protect
ourselves before the next election that
is why they discovered these fake
accounts that were basically trying to
sow more discontent and it wasn't about
candidates it was about issue ads and
current law says you've got to put those
ads out there so people can see them and
ever since Facebook did that these fake
accounts haven't been buying those ads
David Ignatius pulling back a little bit
and not just talking about the ads we we
have discussed here how Facebook
provides news to more than 50 percent of
Americans and asked what if Brezhnev had
tried to buy ads or infiltrate Walter
Cronkite's broadcast on CBS in the 1970s
would the government allow that to
happen would that have been regulated
and in the case that we're talking about
today the person we're talking about
today
who not only is running a sandy hook
conspiracy he appears to be to be
provoking his viewers and listeners to
assassinate Robert Mulder if you look at
the clip it's certainly my opinion
when you look at that clip Facebook
can't regulate that that's a close call
I mean that's a situation where the
Secret Service should probably be called
if somebody is trying to get thousands
and thousands of followers to provoking
them into assassinating Robert Muller
let me take that question to senator
Klobuchar we were an angry country
people say all kinds of things that
sound like incitement to violence we've
been talking this morning about
incitement to violence against
journalists among among other things
senator how do you see the proper role
of the federal government in reducing
that kind of speech without going over
the line either the specific line or in
the case of Facebook a desired line to
be a community where lots of people
could participate how do you see that
working well you can have programs and
if Facebook won't do it other
applications will and other sites will
and that's where you can have rules of
the road about civility you also of
course if someone's trying to incite or
threaten or stalk someone it can be a
violation of criminal statute but when
it comes to the president someone once
said this is a guy that wakes up every
morning and tweets whatever he wants but
doesn't respect the amendment that
allows him to do it so while it may not
be illegal for him to go after
journalists I think the president the
United States has an obligation to
uphold and embrace our Constitution and
that means the First Amendment and that
means setting an example for the rest of
the country and that's not what he's
joined with how he treats the press and
how he treats individual reporters and
gets his supporters to call them out
that's not leadership senator he also
questioned officials at yesterday's
hearing on family separations and we
want to play for viewers these comments
from Department of Homeland Security and
Health and Human Services officials
trying to defend the administration's
policy that separated hundreds of
children from their parents at the
us-mexico border comparing family
detention centers to a summer camp with
regard to the FRC's I think the best way
to
describe them is to be more like a
summer camp these individuals have
access to 24/7 food and water they have
educational opportunities they have
recreational opportunities both
structured as well as unstructured
there's basketball courts there's
exercise classes there's soccer fields
that we put in there
would you send your children to these
centers the seconds I certainly think
that it in general practice people would
prefer to be free to move about I can
tell you that the centers that I saw did
as described have schools and you would
send your child to these centers I is
very that's that's a difficult question
to answer
yeah that's difficult to answer actually
because you wouldn't send your children
there I'll answer for her people as you
said in your words ma'am you said people
would prefer to be free you don't take
children and imprison them and think
that a soccer field or a basketball
court is going to replace their parents
or their family are you idiots running
this country you seem like child abusers
to me
you seem like people who kid night
kidnapped children and make excuses for
holding them indefinitely deporting
their families and then saying it's like
a summer camp this is insane this is
insanity you know make of the difference
between a summer camp and what they're
talking about is you get to go home from
a summer camp and see your parents and
right now we have because of this
cold-hearted policy that should never
have happened we have seven hundred and
eleven kids that's 23 classrooms of
children that are waiting to be reunited
with their parents and the kids I talked
to at the border the little boy who
never knew if he'd see his mom again but
thought she was looking for him who's
ten years old and his mom flees Honduras
because she's domestically abused he
didn't like being at that alleged summer
camp he wanted to be back with his mom
senator let me ask you 711 children
that's basically 711 Amber Alerts with
these children spread across the country
if you called today to to you know the
agency involved here could they tell you
today where each of those children are
in terms of location
I think they know where the kids are but
they don't know where 433 of the kids
parents are because many of them have
been deported they're scared they're
going back to countries where there's a
lot of violence and so you have a
situation now we're over half of those
kids they don't actually know where
their parents are and there's one in
minnesota where they've just found where
the parents are I cannot tell you the
destruction of this policy and in fact
one of the witnesses
commander weight from Health and Human
Services did admit under oath that he
had told his superiors about the
devastating effect this would have on
kids and and that's exactly what all the
pediatricians and doctors have said so
yeah maybe we'll fix this maybe we'll be
reunite because of pushing this
administration most of these parents
with the kids but we're literally just
cleaning up a mess that they made
instead of moving forward with
comprehensive immigration reform which
our economy needs which we should be
doing for this country
which came through the Senate with a
very strong vote and yet this president
keeps stopping it from happening senator
Amy Klobuchar thank you very much
Davis gratias yeah yeah thank you please
come back especially to talk about this
David Ignatius and Clint Watts thank you
both as well in the depravity the
violence and the callousness of this
policy says everything you need to know
about this administration coming up
President Trump made a bold claim during
his first official address to Congress
but the Justice Department says it can't
find any evidence that what he said is
true we'll explain that ahead on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
