revealing admission from the government
Health and Human Services had warned the
Trump administration that separating
kids from their families would be
dangerous to the children the president
did it anyway so we did it knowing
exactly what would happen he also
continues to tell his supporters with
the free press is the enemy of the
people and as you can hear the results
are chilling it's getting bad out there
Paul Manafort also back in court this
morning after prosecutors kicked off
their case for an alleged multi-million
dollar fraud scheme we'll have the
latest on that why it's just I Andreea
talk to you and Mike who have been
around a little bit through difficult
times and in covering difficult stories
i watching whether Donald Trump goes to
the VFW and and the press he points at
the press and he whips the crowds into a
frenzy to boo at the press there or
whether he whips the crowd into a frenzy
to boo and attack the Free Press in
Tampa I mean this is not only part of
his shtick but come on let's just say it
this is what autocrats do this is what
this is what autocrats do because they
hate anybody that's fact-based and that
holds them to power people that don't
want their power checked do exactly what
Donald Trump does to the Free Press I
covered seven American presidents in all
these years and none of them have liked
the press they've always it's always
been adversarial there's been tensions
but they welcomed it and tolerated it
even during the worst of times and we
went through impeachment and louvered
knows the milkman did not love the press
but we've only had three White House
press briefings during the entire month
of July yeah that is extraordinary and
the authority of those briefings are
limited and Mike Barnicle it's not just
Republicans that don't like the press as
Andrea said Bill Clinton loathed the
press you really a Barack Obama had very
little use for the
I always thought they got it wrong I
mean that's what presidents do they you
know just like the Geico commercial the
guy scores the soccer goal he's on his
knees around the stadium that's what
they do what presidents do is they hate
the press they can't stand the press but
they don't try to whip their audiences
into a frenzy to hate the press and and
point fingers and and do what Donald
Trump's doing well I mean he has
effectively changed the culture around
coverage of his presidency and you saw
it again vividly last night on display
in Florida we've seen it every time and
it has worked for him and the upsetting
factor is that you see the pictures on
TV
specifically last night's pictures from
Florida and this is an administration
and a president who is presided over
effectively Orphanage over 700 children
today we don't know where their parents
are they are here in the United States
because they were separated from their
parents the crowd obviously cares less
about that and they do about harangue in
the media well they also care less about
the fact that Donald Trump is is
coordinating foreign policy with
Vladimir Putin an ex-kgb spy they kick I
mean it's it's a great distraction blame
the press for all the things that you're
doing joke to me that is the ultimate
mystery that you just touched upon and
it includes most of the members of the
Republican Party in both the house and
the Senate
how is it that we have had effectively
war declared in the United States of
America by Russia war declared on us
carried out an act of war carried out on
us and they seemed not to care about
that you know that is a huge mystery you
use the right word though it's a
strategy this isn't a reaction to the
coverage of one story this is a long
ongoing strategy from the beginning of
his campaign to undermine the source
which is the media so that anything
negative you hear about him you're not
to believe because consider the source
and I won't even go there this morning
but some of the pictures we saw last
night this does not end well no it does
it does not end well and I think the
publisher of
the New York Nagi Salzburg AG but put it
put it right in in his statement that
this ends in violence yes as he
continues to whip people into a frenzy
and Donald Trump is doing it again
because you you don't look at what
happened in Helsinki you don't ask if
you're in this crowd what did they say
behind closed doors you don't ask why he
suddenly lifted sanctions against an
oligarch that were put there for them
meddling in American democracy you don't
ask why he shifted so abruptly on on our
position towards Iran what happened what
went on to that meeting it I mean that's
what's so troubling about this is it is
all a strategy and it's just like Rudy
Giuliani bumbling around on TV they know
now more really really bad news is
coming that shows that Donald Trump lied
about everything involving that meeting
where they were conspiring with Rush and
say not colluding hey let's just not use
the word colluding they were conspiring
with the Russians this is a conspiracy
Sophie no collusion okay no collision a
conspiracy a criminal conspiracy
possibly but he distracts the people in
the crowd
calls it fake news and hopes he can get
away with crimes and because of what he
said about the press and Bob Muller when
those stories do come out when those
reports do come out he will be able to
say to those people consider the source
these are the people who have it out for
us
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
