waistbands let me turn to you you've
done this before you've been on the
prosecution side first of all we went
from jury selection opening statements
and our first witness in a day's work I
a bunch of us didn't expect that much
today was that a surprise to you it's a
little bit of a surprise even in the
Eastern District of Virginia with its
notorious rocket docket but because the
judge had done some pre-work on jury
selection using a questionnaire and
trying to ferret out some of the before
caused strikes jurors who might have
reasons where prosecutors wouldn't have
to exercise one of their voluntarily one
of their voluntary strikes to have them
excused from service so that process
moved really quickly with the jury being
struck by the end of the morning and
then moving on to opening statements and
now this first witness who's on the
stand all right let me ask you this I'm
not a lawyer I don't I swear I don't try
to even play one on TV
but my reading so far of the opening
statements both on the prosecution and
defense it's sort of read predictably to
me right that you're the defense was
going to try to take the chief
government witness the person that
flipped and tried to discredit that I
mean it just seemed like it was a
standard so far everything's gone sort
of in a standard way is that is that a
fair take you know for someone who's not
playing a lawyer on TV I think you're
doing a fine job this is white collar
101 I wondered if we might not see a
little bit more nuanced frankly of a
story about gates if they might not have
portrayed him as down-on-his-luck and
being forced to plead because of his
financial situation rather than turning
on him but here they have today he'll be
the bad guy and this will be the boss
trying to put it all off on the
underling that's a strategy that only
rarely works for a defendant and
typically not with a case where the
evidence even the evidence that we know
about publicly it seems to be so solid
why do you think Muller chose to keep
this case and prosecuted and not farm it
out the way he's farmed out some of the
other indictments so this happened early
this case was already investigative land
process before Muller took over
and it was likely the first situation
that presented itself to his team you
know this may or may not end up being
part of the core Russia cases many
people believe that this is separate
we've heard the judge repeatedly
admonished the prosecution in this
regard but it may be that the evidence
in this case ties up somehow with the
larger Russia and the collusion
investigation in ways we don't see yet
but even if it doesn't you know this is
prosecutors job when you're in the
middle of an investigation and you have
a prosecutable case you go ahead and do
it and this early on in the
investigation they would have had the
capacity and the resources to move
forward obviously Manta Ford is also a
very tempting target for the government
he's someone who I suspect that they
would very much like to have flip and
cooperate because he can narrate much of
went on during the time that he was the
head of the campaign and of course
during that critical time period where
that where the campaign plank about
Russia changed you know it was about a
72 hour period over the last week where
it looked like we're manna fort
basically decided to drop the civil suit
against Mahler and suddenly it's
obviously they had a plan B here to try
to make Rick Gates the bad guy it almost
looked like they were trying to curry
favor with the special counsels office
do you think what is your do you think
it's possible this trial doesn't end
this trial doesn't go to its conclusion
that it gets sort of stopped because
they cut a deal so that's always a
possibility some defendants don't plead
guilty until they see the whites of the
eyes of the jury and decide that they
don't like the looks of the juries other
times the defendant wants to hear some
of the evidence come in perhaps the key
witness may be here gates before they
make a decision but my read on what
happened in the civil case and this was
the challenge that manna fort had made
in the District of Columbia to Muller's
legitimacy to his jurisdiction over
manna fort that was likely dropped at
the appellate stage just for financial
reasons it would have been expensive to
go forward they were very unlikely to
succeed manna forts probably a little
bit light on reefs or
now how important I mean Muller can't
afford to lose this candy I mean I the
pressure on him since this is basically
the one test he's got pre whatever he's
gonna file against the president
prosecutors never like to lose cases but
you know the job that prosecutors have
is to tell the jury what happened is to
relate to them the evidence and the
facts and then it's up to the jury to
make a decision
so sometimes unusual curious things
happen with juries but the bottom line
here is that even more so than in most
cases Muller will want to win and win
here we'll both signify that he is here
for serious legitimate reasons not a
witch hunt and also give him an edge
going into the rest of this year's
proceedings hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
