unfortunately a lot of kids and some
adults take these ignorant comments
seriously look there might be a
cautionary lesson in LeBron for kids
this is what happens when you attempt to
leave high school a year early to join
the NBA and it's always unwise to seek
political advice from someone who gets
paid a hundred million dollars a year to
bounce a ball oh and LeBron and Kevin
you're great players but no one voted
for you
millions elected Trump to be their coach
so keep the political commentary to
yourself or someone once said shut up
and dribble
it's hard for me to cringe for Laura
Ingraham and I'm cringed in for you
Laura of all the bits of unsolicited
advice uttered on cable television that
one may end up being the most
humiliating
stay in your lane LeBron James just be
quiet and play basketball well has this
four shut up and dribble the I promise
school is officially open in Akron
thanks to LeBron James the LeBron James
Family Foundation two hundred and forty
third and fourth graders with plans to
expand over the next four years these
are at-risk kids with free tuition free
uniforms breakfast lunch snacks plus
career and emotional support for their
parents so no LeBron James isn't
sticking to dribbling thank God he's
also not shutting up here's what he's
saying about Donald Trump her coach we
are in a position right now in America
more importantly where this whole this
race thing is taking over you know and
because one because I believe our
president is kind of trying to divide us
but I think and what I noticed over the
last few months that he's kind of used
sport to kind of divide us and and
that's something that I can't relate to
what would you say the president he's
sitting right here I would never sit
across the table you would never any
want to talk to him
mike lupica is an author columnist and
MSNBC contributor he joins us now what
do you make not just of LeBron James I'm
doing good putting his money where I'm
really his mouth wasn't but but but but
doing by deeds what other people don't
seem to do in the time of Trump and what
do you make of just how triggered some
of the right were by his having any
opinions about politics or race at all
you know if you look at this young man's
life Nicole I mean his life speaks to
the possibilities of this country and he
has put his money where his mouth is and
I mean if you look at what he has done
just in terms of Education and just in
terms of his own hometown of Acton this
I promise school is one of the greatest
things that I've ever seen a
professional athlete be involved in in
in this country and he has already sent
thousands of kids to college in this
country and if you look at what he's
done before his career is over the
contributions he has made to his country
I loved him talking about being
president last night in that interview
because if you look at it logically he
would have been way more qualified than
the guy we have brought in the country
right now
he also it's filling a void created by
what's happening in Washington not just
you it's not just Donald Trump sort of
debasing the office of a presidency that
guts anyone that's ever worked there in
the Democratic Party or the Republican
Party but he's got in in the Congress
these enablers of those worst tendencies
I wonder if you think this is a moment I
mean I just think I've taught my head of
coach Kerr coach Popovich Steph Curry
and LeBron rivals
in basketball that sort of joining
forces publicly and saying that whoever
wins we will not go to the White House
what do you make of this moment in
sports in reaction to were in response
to donald trump and trumpism
I think it's been eloquent and I think
it's been powerful and I think it's been
important when when you have basketball
coaches and players doing what elected
officials are supposed to be doing and
speaking to the best country that we're
supposed to aspire to be that's a very
cool thing that's activism a put into
practice Nicole elected politicians are
supposed to make lives better somebody
show me how LeBron James isn't doing
this with his with his foundation and
his I promise school and sending at-risk
kids and giving them a better chance at
a better life he's doing what the guys
in Washington are supposed to do except
so many of them now spend their days
hiding under their desks it's also and
I'm sure this isn't LeBron James
motivation but I revel in it it's a
great trunk troll LeBron James is richer
he's more famous he's more popular women
like him more than Trump I'd bet my last
minute on earth that's true I mean it is
a great trunk troll for a celebrity
because at the end of the day he
couldn't care less he doesn't know who
half of the Senators are in either party
it's a great trunk troll to go out there
and be and do all the things that Donald
Trump can never be or do in this country
and indical here's the thing Trump could
go after him the way he's gone after the
athletes who knelt during the national
anthem he can't hurt LeBron he can't do
anything to LeBron even though you know
we live in a world where in his world no
turn goes on stoned okay but look at
what has happened to other athletes who
tried to be activists look Colin
Kaepernick can't get a job Eric Reid who
nailed it next to him it's a shameful
thing in the National Football League
that they can't get a jump it but in a
way LeBron James is speaking for
everybody pop is speaking for everybody
Steve Kerr is speaking for everybody and
and all of these people who have this
boneheaded idea that somehow if you come
out of the world of sports you're not
qualified or entitled to speak about
that better country that I was just
talking about then then you're nuts
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
