this morning the plans for ghost guns
are up online these are firearms and
components for rifles and guns that can
be created by anyone at home who has a
3d printer the president weighed in on
it this morning saying I'm looking into
3d plastic guns being sold to the public
already spoke to the NRA doesn't seem to
make much sense but it was the Trump
State Department that dropped the
lawsuit preventing the designer from
posting his blueprints the Obama
administration had started those
proceedings arguing the plans could be
downloaded by terrorists and violated
federal laws governing firearms
technology exports and beyond dropping
the lawsuit the Trump administration is
looking at changing the very rule the
designer was originally sued under and
to the second part of the president's
tweet there is no word why he would
check in with the gun lobby can we just
back this up again or why that
conversation may have taken place the
first instinct
let's just slow it down the NRA is a
special interest group
he didn't say he spoke to the Department
of Justice or the State Department he's
not speaking to any other gun control
groups but the president took to Twitter
to say I've reached out to the NRA so
those of you who have chanted over and
over drained the swamp walk us through
why you know this the industry attacked
the largest lobbying special interest
group ever
the NRA on what to do about the ghost
gun all right as of last week one of the
organizations videos called 3d printed
guns the NRA by the way called them
freedom and innovation NBC's Tom
Costello has more on the guns and why
the president should be checking as
Stephanie says with his own State
Department rather than the NRA this
morning growing pushback against a new
type of firearm that some people can
actually build in their own home eight
attorneys general now asking a judge to
block a Texas company from publishing
the downloadable instructions for 3d
printers to manufacture guns from
handguns to semi automatics made of
plastic and without a serial number the
guns are untraceable and undetectable
able to pass through most metal
detectors
welcome to the edge of the printed
magazine 30 year old Cody Wilson is the
face of a new gun movement no gun
control is not dead it's Undead gun
control the undead the Obama
administration took Wilson to court to
stop his company from posting the
instructions online arguing it would put
guns in the hands of terrorists but Cody
Wilson insisted he has a First Amendment
right to publish and the instructions
were already online anyway in June the
Trump administration dropped the court
fight with Wilson as long as you have
the right to keep them bear arms the
other right to make them
Fred Gutenberg's fourteen-year-old
daughter Jamie was one of 17 people who
died at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
School last February
this changes the safety of Americans
forever if this is allowed to happen
plastic guns he fears will bring even
more gun violence to a country already
reeling some like to walk in with a gun
and you won't know it
airplanes you'll be flying with someone
with a gun and you won't know it
courthouse is someone with a gun and you
won't know it that's the risk okay let's
have a look at what these 3d printed
guns actually our conventional gun
manufacturing requires a permit and all
guns produced must bear a serial number
so they can be traced
if stolen or used in a crime but with 3d
printing there's no way to enforce these
laws components can be printed without
any oversight and any record-keeping the
site offers files that allow users to
print polymer components on demand so
now to build a gun you don't need to
purchase industrial machine working
equipment or have special expertise
among the firearm components on the site
our plans to print a full Beretta m9
handgun and the lower receiver for an
ar-15 you won't be able to print the
entire rifle due to printer limitations
but you can print out several key
components that allow the designer to
fire six hundred rounds continuously in
a test earlier this year so this is real
and more concerning to lawmakers is the
Liberator this was the first weapon
designed by the group posting the plans
it's a single-shot polymer weapon the
only non 3d printable parts are the
ammunition and a small nail that's used
in place of a firing pin up here all
right some lawmakers worried the guns
run afoul of the undetectable Firearms
Act of 1988 the designer put a
small metal piece into the handle of the
first Liberator although he said it was
out of goodwill and that others aren't
obligated to do so joining us now is
avery Gardner co-president of the Brady
Campaign a gun control advocacy group
avery some people are saying this is
just a novelty item and there's no
reason to fight back though that hard
against it it's just one simple gun it's
not a semi-automatic weapon but if this
thing is cleared and people can suddenly
print this where could we quickly
devolve to people who are saying that
this is only about one kind of gun are
mistaken and misguided what Cody Wilson
has said is that he wants to have a
quote Cambrian explosion of 3d printable
guns is that with plans from his site
meaning an explosion of different kinds
of guns in fact all types of firearms he
has said is his goal to have on this
site so there's a journalist who a
couple of years ago 3d printed an ar-15
using Cody Wilson's plans this is not
just about one simple kind of handgun
this is about weapons of war being made
in people's living rooms and in the
living rooms of foreign terrorists
abroad you know the president we're a
little puzzled by the president's tweet
in which he said he's reached out to the
NRA has he reached out to groups like
yours your group or similar groups it
just seems strange that the first out
rates would be to the NRA well the
president took thirty million dollars in
campaign contributions from the NRA and
has been at their side every step of the
way so I'm not entirely surprised by
that but look the government has known
for years that my organization the Brady
Center has a keen interest in this case
because we filed a brief in the Fifth
Circuit as an amicus and they did not
reach out to us before they came to this
settlement we didn't hear from either
the Department of Justice or the
Department of State and that's one of
the really troubling things here is why
this settlement why now as recently as
April the government maintained that
putting these plans online was a threat
to national security an international
peace so what we have no idea what
changed so what do your contacts at the
State Department I'm sure you interface
with the government all the time when
they
this settlement which now is done it's
not like you can put the toothpaste back
in the tube did they give you any
rationale not only did they not give us
any rationale they didn't even give us a
heads up it was coming we learned about
it in the press just like everybody else
and the very next day we sent a Freedom
of Information Act request to the
government asking for the documents
about this settlement who was involved
in it who made these decisions what were
the facts that changed that caused the
government to do a complete 180 now they
haven't gotten back to us yet and if
they don't get back to us in accordance
with the statute we will have to sue the
Trump administration again to get these
documents look we think the public has a
right to know but as you say it's
probably going to be too late
the guy who's doing this Cory he's he's
wrapped himself all up in the
Constitution on this one he calls this a
First Amendment expression of his second
Amendment rights now obviously this is
something that you come up against a
great deal there is a Second Amendment
that allows some gun usage and ownership
in this country what's your response to
that argument well first of all we have
absolutely no concerns about safe
responsible Americans owning guns and
having them stored safely in their homes
I grew up with guns and I don't have any
concerns about most Americans having a
gun in the home the issue comes when
we're talking about dangerous people
having guns in the home and courts have
held for generations that there are some
people who cannot have a gun because
they are too dangerous felons and
domestic abusers fit into that category
this notion also that the First
Amendment is some unfettered right to
speak anything anytime anywhere is
simply untrue we have lots of limits on
Second Amendment rights and on First
Amendment rights I mean you can't shout
fire in a crowded theater there are lots
of ways that we think that we need to
protect public safety from people who
would pretend that they're just
exercising some right hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
