time for my favorite part of the show
money power politics and we are on our
tax tracker beat the New York Times and
Wall Street Journal reporting the
Treasury Department is considering a
change to capital gains tax that would
result in a 100 billion dollar tax break
for guess who the wealthy currently when
someone sells an asset they have to pay
capital gains taxes on the difference
between the purchase price and the sales
price so if you invested a million bucks
in 1990 and sold that asset for 3
million bucks in 2018 you would owe four
hundred and seventy six thousand dollars
on your capital gain indexing capital
gains would adjust the purchase price
for inflation resulting in a huge tax
cut the same investment from 1990 would
now owe two hundred and fifty five
thousand dollars in taxes compare it to
four hundred and seventy six thousand
without adjusting for inflation that
sounds nerdy well we're gonna break it
down joining me now co-founder and
editor of risk reversal of Dan Nathan
and Josh Brown CEO of Ritholtz wealth
management both CNBC contributors
alright Josh to you first
yes let's walk through this because
first of all the Steve Newton is saying
he is considering doing this obviously
it would go through Congress but if not
they'd consider other measures so they
would use an executive order to do this
when at the end of the day they've had
these massive corporate tax cuts we
don't yet know if they're trickling down
wages are not going up so the Treasury
Department is in a position where
they're coming out of a bigger hole
because the amount of money they have
from corporations is low what would be
the rationale for the American people to
do this so historically it's not common
to see two things number one a massive
tax cut proposal coming less than a year
after the prior massive tax cut proposal
and second we are nine years into an
economic expansion so this kind of
stimulus fiscal policy is absolutely
unheard of you really can't find an
example of it and I understand why
they're talking about doing it it's been
a dream of the party for thirty years
and frankly it's not the most unfair
thing in the world we index a lot of
things to inflation so I'm not saying
it's terrible the timing just seems
insane it's
give me the deficit it's a common-sense
idea but think back to right after Trump
won there he is a 21 club I'm gonna
lower your taxes Larry Kudlow has won
wanted to do this forever
but The Forgotten American the average
worker out there how does this well if
you're really gonna call the tax cut of
2017 reform this should have been part
of it right and so if you're gonna have
some sort of bipartisan approach to this
sort of tax policy it should have been
kind of a tit-for-tat sort of thing and
negotiated sort of thing I think it's a
real cheap political stunt when you
think about the grandstanding that we
saw on Friday about this q2 4.1 GDP
print I think they realized that q3 has
the potential to be a dud right in front
of the midterm elections when you think
about this this is really geared towards
the donor class right so they're
basically saying well we're gonna do
this hell or high water at some point
because if we lose the house we're gonna
do it you know through executive order
that sort of thing but to me I think
this is a hill that Democrats should die
on I think every hill there's nothing
too small that they should die on into
the midterms when you think about it
because you know at the end of the day
this just really does belie the
president's populist message it's really
just kind of geared right towards the
donors right into the midday whew look
at the president's economic policy it
sort of serves the same people who were
served in the Obama administration asset
holders and there was that gripe that
unless you own stocks during that eight
years and you were in the middle of this
country you were screwed so those same
people remain screwed and the
administration is looking to help the
donor class again so hey so I think it's
important to point out that this did not
originate under President Trump this is
a trend that's been in force for decades
now where you've just got this runaway
inflation of asset prices in general
you've got all the policies toward the
80% of people that are the 20% people
who own 80% of the stock market for real
estate policies and CEO pay which is
100x the average worker and it used to
be five or ten X so this is not new
however that's being accelerated except
Trump campaign
on the opposite Trump campaign saying
I'm going to end all of this yet he's
accelerating it right now it's not being
caught by that Trump voter well don't
they also know that they're gonna be
they have a very strong likelihood of
having a sort of lame-duck president I
mean that so you also have minuchin is
gonna be out of there at some point
probably in 2019 and this is kind of his
kind of kiss to the you know 1% or his
you know I guess it's expiries dancer
your question the reason why the
traditional Trump base who is I don't
know about hurt by this particular
policy that we're discussing but
definitely not helped the reason why
this gets a pass is because and this is
uniquely American unlike Europeans
unlike people from other parts of the
world every American thinks that they
are a millionaire in waiting that and
I'm not saying this is a bad thing but
Americans in general think if only this
regulation would get out of my way or if
only this would break in my direction I
will one day be like minuchin and I will
one day want to have all the freedom and
liberties to pay low tax so people have
this kind of ambition I think it's
innate I think it's in our DNA think
about the people that came to this
country that's where that point this
isn't hurting the person who lives on
their wages but we keep not mentioning
the budget deficit and budgets matter
specifically to fiscally conservative
Republicans the president rails about
trade different rails against trade
deficits all day long but our budget
deficit is ballooning and that does hurt
the American people when you're bringing
in less tax revenue that hurts is that
kind of ironic when when Paul Ryan came
into Congress there was there was a
budget surplus and now he's gonna leave
in the fall or early next year and
there's gonna be this massive deficit
and so you know when you say that these
conservative deficit hawks they don't
exist anymore I mean they just don't
exist anymore so you know listen III
think at the end of the day we know how
unpopular the 2017 tax cut it's getting
increasingly more unpopular as we head
into the midterm so I actually think
this is really a bad move by
don't think it makes it one thing on the
deficits this is something that a lot of
people miss we have never in the last
half-century had a had a budget surplus
other than two events right after the
1960s stock bubble and right after the
1999 stock bubble so we were so early
70s we had a surplus we blew and of
course and then early 2000 with a
surplus from the dot-com boom so
arguably if we're gonna get this
situation where everyone rushes to sell
assets that they've been sitting on
forever and pay taxes like they did at
the turn of the millennium actually
there is a chance that it could offset
the ballooning deficit it might not be
the worst thing if you have people in
sitting on these cuts we could grow its
first so much the stock market if you
want if you really want to this is if
you want a balanced or if you want a a
budget surplus unfortunately you need a
stock market bubble this could help blow
it you hear this argument if you give
these great corporate tax cuts it's
gonna trickle down to the worker and
what did we see happen by that five acts
and they have eight years to amortize
the tax payments to the Treasury so I
mean to me there's just so many
loopholes it makes little sense when you
think about it you know what are we
talking about as far as tax receipts on
a situation like this you can't model it
and it's not going to be paid for with
growth
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
