and we've got more breaking news now to
report for that left for the NBC News
national political reporter Mike manly
on Capitol Hill Mike Andrea multiple
officials are telling me that Facebook
is briefing both senior law enforcement
officials and congressional leadership
about new suspicious activity it has
identified on its platform we're talking
about pages and accounts designed to
promote political instability political
divisive issues in our elections this is
the public announcement is gonna be
coming officially from Facebook within
the next hour but let me give you an
example of the kinds of things that
they're talking about for instance the
abolish ice movement we have seen has
become a very divisive and an hot-button
political topic in our campaigns here
what Facebook has identified using its
technology on its platform is that there
were specific pages and accounts that
they believed to be foreign originated
that we're amplifying and promoting
these kinds of messages now Facebook is
not prepared at this point to
specifically point the finger at Russia
as being involved in it but sources on
the Congressional side that I've talked
to do say that Russia has been mentioned
as the likely source of this
interference attempts now we know that
the Justice Department has been briefed
at this point the White House itself has
not been briefed but lawmakers here are
among those who are beginning to just
now learn of some of this information
and we'll be hearing more from Facebook
within the next hour and this of course
gets to the heart and soul of divisions
within the Democratic Party because
Democrats are now struggling Nancy
Pelosi and others on one side struggling
against others on the more progressive
side of the party who are talking about
abolishing ice over this immigration
dispute and many in the party believe
that that is counterproductive in terms
of the midterm elections because it puts
the party too far to the left so this is
very Katz exactly the kind of thing
Russia did during the 2016 campaign
that's right in the February indictments
that we saw from Special Counsel Moeller
and his team they refer to at pages and
accounts that were amplifying the
messaging of the black lives matter
movement and what the officials are
telling me now is that the pages that
were created were meant to sort of in
person
what would have been Democrat or
Democrat or liberal leaning pages but
they know that this is a divisive issue
that Republicans have been seizing on
and they're using that page to amplify
it and stoke that that kind of debate
Mike mammal II from all this breaking
news on Capitol Hill thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
