national experiment is beginning north
of the US border as Canada becomes only
the second nation in the world to
legalize recreational marijuana after
Uruguay but some Americans are concerned
that the u.s. is missing out on big
money by not following suit and Senator
Ron Wyden of Oregon agrees issuing a
statement that reads in part quote now
that our neighbor to the north is
opening its legal cannabis market the
longer we delay the longer we miss out
on a potentially significant economic
opportunity for Oregon and other states
across the country currently nine US
states and Washington DC legalized use
of recreational pot while more than
thirty have approved medical marijuana
with California being America's largest
legal market even so marijuana remains
illegal under US federal law it's very
can't use the banking system in the
United States for any money having to do
with marijuana which makes it a cash
business which cause all sorts of
problems in Canada that's not a problem
let's go to Stephanie Gosk who's live in
a line up in Montreal are you any closer
to the front door or have you stepped
out actually stepped out a lead to give
you a sense of just how long this line
is you can see behind me it is
stretching probably two or three city
blocks and now I'm just going to walk a
little bit to give you an idea the
people who are already out there I've
already waited about two hours they
definitely have another couple hours to
go before they're going to get to the
front of the line you know this is
actually a physical embodiment of those
profits and that money that you were
talking about the United States losing
out on right here on the streets in
Canada one of the reasons though that
this line is as long as it is is that
there aren't really that many stores
opening up today in Canada there is a
website that people are using to buy
marijuana but here in Quebec just one of
ten provinces and 3 territories in the
country there are ten stores British
Columbia just has one Ottawa the
province has none so people that are
there have to go onto the website you
know and some say that actually this
rollout is sort of as understated as the
Canadians themselves by the way I'm
still walking we've gotten to the corner
of the street and we're going to make
this turn it's a little dicey because
there
people can ask my camera and Ronnie if
you could just pan down the street and
show you can see that flag for the
province hanging there that's actually
the front of the store guys that's
amazing that look from an economic
perspective what's the advantage to
Canada doing this how important is this
to Canada's economy well you're talking
about roughly eight billion dollars to
the Canadian economy but there's also
this other promise and that other
promise is the potential that perhaps
illegal market opens up in the United
States let's say the United States years
down the road decides to legalize it
nationally will you have these companies
that are staking out their claims in the
market that would be able to come in and
there's actually an historic example of
this during prohibition in the US in the
1920s there were Canadian alcohol
companies it was legal in this country
like Seagram's that were able to kind of
corner the market there's still huge
brands I in the alcohol business as a
result of it so that's definitely
something that you're going to hear a
lot of marijuana industry leaders in the
u.s. talking about guys all right
Stephanie thank you
hi Stephanie Gosk in Montreal florists
you know we were talking some people
talked about all the different types of
marijuana available and all the
different effects and flavors and things
like n we were talking earlier about how
there's one type that'll make you hungry
we did get some tweets from people to
say you know cancer patients who are on
chemotherapy often need they don't have
an appetite so the idea that that
there's a drug that might make you
hungry and cause you to eat more might
be one of the reasons because you and I
were both sort of a little puzzled as to
why you'd want something thank you
hungry because we're always hungry hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
