we begin with the crucial midterm
elections that are just 20 days away and
early voting begins today in three
states North Carolina Tennessee and
Oregon President Trump continues his
media blitz blitz is an understatement
to push his party's candidates the
president admits he doesn't like
speaking to journalists but he wants to
keep Republicans in power this is just
for the midterms we want to win we want
to get the Republicans nominated and we
want to get him elected
we need Republicans you know they talk
about majority we have a majority of
this much he might not like speaking to
journalists but he does like speaking to
some news hosts Trump told The
Associated Press on Tuesday that he
won't be to blame if Republicans lose
control of the house saying quote I
think I'm helping people we have had a
very big impact some of the people I've
endorsed have gone up forty and fifty
points just on the endorsement well this
all comes as new numbers show Democrats
have a massive fundraising edge in the
race for the house according to the
latest filings with the Federal Election
Commission Democratic candidates more
than doubled GOP fundraising in the 108
districts considered the most
competitive by the non partisan cook
Political Report all right joining us
now to talk more about this our dear
friend Steve Carnegie MSNBC national
political correspondent Steve that
argument the Democrats are making Dave
outraged Republicans I'm pretty sure the
three of us have seen that movie it was
called the 2016 presidential election
raising money doesn't necessarily mean
the fast track to winning
yeah no no question it does speak it
seems especially because so many as so
much of that money is coming from small
dollar donations it continues that theme
we've been talking about a lot for the
last year a Stephanie just in terms of
there being energy on the Democratic
side and the big question the last
couple weeks has been is they're
comparable energy on the Republican side
let's talk about races there we know we
keep talking about Republican districts
and Democrats are targeting is there
another side to this are there are there
Democratic districts that Republicans
are targeting the Democrats are actually
worried about yeah I think that's an
interesting point to keep in mind
because of course we've been saying this
number 23 for so long now Democrats need
that net gain
23 to pick up the house it's very doable
for them and there are dozens of targets
out there that they're going after but
if this is a close election if that's
what emerges there's another piece of
this puzzle at least to keep in mind and
it is this there are some districts out
there where Republicans think they have
a chance of doing to Democrats what
Democrats are trying to do to them to
flip Democratic seats there are a couple
of them this is probably the this counts
as the exhaustive list here some of
these might be real reaches but I'll
give you an example here it'd be the 8th
district of Minnesota
let's see if we can find there you go so
this is geographically large Duluth the
Iron Range this is if you want to know
this is the home of Bob Dylan by the way
from Duluth he was born there originally
but take a look at this trees if I can
get this to work take a look at this
district here Dylan Bay they changed up
the they changed up the thing about I
got to get some more muscle memory here
but bottom line is here we've talked so
much about these districts that went
from Obama to Trump look at the swing in
this district Obama won it by six Trump
won it in a landslide by 16 it is a
democratic held congressional seat the
Democrat not running for re-election
here is the matchup and here is what the
polling is showing us in this race the
Republican now out in front by 15 points
Democrats talking about pulling back
maybe some of their financial effort
here this would be if it holds this
would be a Republican pickup and so
again when we're talking about that
magic number for Democrats being 23 if
they lose a Minnesota eight it could go
to 24 if they lose down here in a very
similar district in Minnesota it could
go to 25 again there are a lot more a
lot more Democratic targets than there
are Republican targets on the math but
if math but if the accounting is tight
on election night these are the sorts of
things that will come into play and
Kamala Harris and others have been
warning that if turnout is low the the
the low end of our the projections
actually show substantial Democratic
gains in terms of the number of seats
but there is some scenario which doesn't
show Democrats taking the house even if
they games and that is the question of
if the Republicans are making 22 seats
or some right now and then would be for
quite a time after that assess full
night for Democrats but if they don't
take the house the mathematical success
sort of gets wiped their key
they are their expectations are on
getting to that number 23 and passed it
all right mr. Kenichi thank you so much
let's bring in Bill Kristol
editor-at-large of The Weekly Standard
all right bill what's your take
President Trump says if Republicans
don't pull this off it will not be his
fault he's created quite a kind of swell
of enthusiasm at least in the last few
weeks
take a listen we have great poll numbers
we have tremendous turnout at these
rallies I think we have a lot of
enthusiasm you know I keep hearing about
the enthusiasm the blue wave but I think
we have tremendous enthusiasm so bill
look it's not atypical for President
Trump to say if something works as his
it's his doing and if something doesn't
work it's somebody else's fault but
let's talk about this GOP enthusiasm and
its ties to Trump I mean so in a normal
off year election when one party
controls the presidency and both houses
they lose about 30 32 seats so it's fair
enough to fit that's the result for
Trump to say oh it was just a normal
thing it doesn't reflect on me on the
other hand on the other end the house
because of the nature of the districts
both gerrymandering interests the
concentration of Democrats in some
districts is naturally now Republican it
has been Republican 4:20 in the last 24
years so to lose the house is a bit of
an achievement I would sort of gain the
house for the Democrats is a bit of an
achievement to lose it as a bit of a
rebuke for Trump especially if the
reason the Republicans lose it and I
think this will be that one of the key
reasons is a massive gender gap in
suburban districts where a lot of voters
who have voted Republican where I live
in Northern Virginia for example for a
congresswoman in our case Barbara
Comstock if some of them swing and vote
Democratic that's not gonna be because
they suddenly changed their mind about
Barbara Comstock she's been a
congresswoman for two three terms and is
well-liked in the district actually it's
because it's repudiation of Trump so I
don't think Trump can quite get away
despite the historical average if
there's a huge gender gap what's causing
that it's not just generic republicanism
I don't think it's Trump all right I
want to talk for a moment about sort of
this disappearance of the middle there
is a new report out it's called hidden
tribes the research group more in common
put it together and it basically puts
the nation's voters into seven distinct
groups and the most active are small but
they're the extremes progressive
activists on the left about 8% of voters
and devoted conservatives about 6% on
the right
tiny groups but that seemed to be
running the show and David Brooks had an
amazing piece yesterday and his takeaway
was quote our political conflict is
primarily a rich white civil war it is
between privileged progressives and
privileged conservatives does that make
sense to you
it's a look at hyperpolarization and
hyper partisanship or problems which
have a lot of different socio-economic
and work net you know narrow political
causes
but I wouldn't overdo it you know we
elected a Democratic governor of
Virginia last year
he's pretty moderate I think he voted
for Bush actually in 2004 in a lot of
these congressional districts these are
we the Democrats I think intelligently
are luckily nominated reasonably
moderate candidates here in Virginia in
my district Virginia ten also Virginia
seven where Allison Spann Barker who
worked for the CIA is running against
Dave brat I think of quite a likely
upset there so I don't quite buy that
everything is so polarized that nothing
can be done moderates need to organize
better in both parties they need to
organize the primaries so you don't get
a choice of two extremes but I think we
could end up with actually surprising
the number of moderate Democrats fairly
moderate Democrats perhaps at least in
the house this year it's still a highly
polarized moment and highly partisan
moment and Trump of course makes it
makes it even more so it's hard to know
what's gonna happen so as Steve Bernanke
was right to be cautious I think it's
there's a lot of cross-cutting currents
in the polls but it feels to me a little
bit like it did in 94 in 2010 for the
two great way of elections you got a bit
of a bear market rally let's call it by
the party in power in early mid-october
I remember this in 94 the Clinton was
out on the stump the Democrats didn't
look as bad as I looked you know and
then the wave the primary trend kind of
reassert itself often in the last two or
three weeks it kind of feels to know
that that might be happening in that
case the Democrats could go to a 4050
seat win in the house and they could put
the Senate and play ali-bear market
rally
no crystal customizes there for you
when you talk to regular folks who are
voters we're going to be voters
economics plays high on the list of
major concerns which is interesting
given that we've got such low
unemployment but one of the things that
Democrats are really taking seriously is
discussing health care what they're
gonna do about Obamacare they've been
talking about this for two years now the
New York Times is reporting that
Republicans are suddenly running ads
about pre-existing conditions and
protecting them kind of weird scott
Walker's doing this as well is running
on part of Obamacare a good strategy for
a Republican party that worked very hard
to eliminate it well I think it opens
them up to a counter-attack it's a
defensive maneuver but I think what the
polls are showing and this focus groups
are showing the existing conditions is
powerful the Republicans want to take
away your health care true-or-false
frankly or exaggerate it let's say is
powerful and I do think the debt we just
got those numbers with the debt up 17%
yep in this past year most partly due to
the Republican tax bill and the notion
that the next Republican Congress if you
put Republicans back in power might cut
Social Security or Medicare or less
speak more clearer you'll cut to reduce
the rate of increase in Social Security
or Medicare in future years that gives
Democrats some pretty good issues to run
on pre-existing conditions in health
care Republicans are running up the debt
irresponsibly and they threaten your
Social Security and Medicare if I were a
Democratic candidate going into the
final three weeks I would hammer at
those red and butter issues leave aside
a lot of the cultural warm stuff I think
those will appeal to independent voters
Bill Kristol weren't you a conservative
once yeah I still AM I'm just being
analytical here
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
