rather than done deny the collusion took
place he now today argued that collusion
isn't illegal
let's watch I've been sitting here
looking on the federal code trying to
find collusion as a crime it's not
collusion is not a crime I'm not even
know if that's a crime colluding about
Russians okay you start you start
analyzing the crime the hacking is the
crime oh it's so much fun an apparent
shift in strategy Giuliani now appears
to be saying the collusion is not so bad
after all you saw them there chuckling
about it and also seemed to undermine
the credibility however presidents
Trump's frequent and categorical denials
that there was no collusion which has
been a familiar refrain from this
present let's watch them let's put it
this way
there is absolutely no collusion that
has been broken look there's been no
collusion zero collusion
there's no collusion no collusion no
collusion no collusion mr. Sampson
there's been no collusion there's been
no crime there was absolutely no
collusion everybody knows it no
collusion no nothing no collusion and I
say it all the time
there was no collusion so what just
happened in an attempt to clean up his
remarks Giuliani went on Fox News to say
he was merely making in a lawyer's
argument let's watch this so well I said
today that there was no collusion and
therefore and that collusion also is no
crime I understand that's a very
beginning so jot doubt it's a very very
familiar lawyers arguments that the
alternatives my client didn't do it and
even if he did it it's not a crime and I
have said that over and over the
collusion is not a crime the only crime
here is hacking and it is ridiculous to
think that the president hacked well I
see if you can follow that Giuliani's
argument however is a matter of
semantics whatever word you used to
describe it if the President or others
work to advance Russia's criminal cyber
attack on the United States they could
be considered co-conspirators as agents
of the Kremlin and conspiracy by the way
mr. president and your lawyer is a crime
separately in a bizarre twist Giuliani
also broke some news today he said he
heard from three reporters that Michael
Cowan is a legend
top-level campaign staff met to discuss
Russian help before the infamous meeting
at Trump Tower before two meetings yet
at the same time Giuliani revealed the
news of an alleged second meeting he
simultaneously denied that it ever took
place there wasn't another meeting that
has been leaked it hasn't been public
yet okay I wasn't meeting an alleged
meeting three days before
according to Colin he says it was a
meeting with Donald a junior with Jared
Kushner with Paul Manafort with eight
possibly two others in which they out of
the presence of the president discussed
the meeting with the Russian we checked
with their lawyers the ones we could
check with which was four of the six
that meeting never ever took place
it didn't happen it's a figment of his
imagination or is lying right now it's
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut yeah Michel sinners White
House correspondent for PBS Newshour
Robert Costa national political reporter
for The Washington Post and Bret Stevens
comments for the New York Times thank
you for all of you what just happened
senator why did they go from it didn't
they didn't collude with the Russians
they didn't have participate in this
conspiracy to disrupt and discredit our
electoral process they didn't do
although if they did it it's no problem
what happened is that the accumulation
of this Michael Cohen story that's
getting out that they're going to be
caught so they might as well deny the
guilt of the crime because they can't
deny the crime hard to know what they're
doing because from all appearances Rudy
Giuliani is implicating his client in a
web of criminality by the way it's more
than just semantics this country was
attacked as you saw from the indictment
of 12 Russian operatives and spies who
were ordered by President Putin to do
well they've been indicted for felonies
and this president has helped them do it
at least they're now saying well we
don't deny that we did it and you know
the definition of conspiracy and I've
given this instruction to a jury so have
judges is that there are spokes on a
wheel you don't have to be at the center
all you need to do is be one of those
spokes you don't need to know all the
conspiracy or agree to all of it or
or even no all of it but you can be part
of it if you just participate in some of
it that's what Rudy Giuliani is saying
Donald Trump did and we're talking about
fundamentally an attack on America that
Rudy Giuliani seems very dismissive
about taking seriously and the only
interpretation the only strategy I can
see is that he's trying to strengthen
the base reassure them and make light of
it if he's when he seems to be saying is
yeah we may have agreed to talk Turkey
we may have agreed to talk dirt on
Hillary we may have been helping them
generally but we didn't have anything
deal with the hacking what kind of
defense is that that is a very slim to
none defense that is the kind of defense
that would be laughed out of a courtroom
yeah and I just would add one more point
all this talk about a second meeting
yeah is truly damning because if you
take Donald Trump juniors testimony
before the Judiciary Committee
essentially this contradicts him it
could lead him to be in danger of
perjury and clearly he has failed to be
truthful let's get back to there's two
good news stories here one is this
second meeting which would but only adds
at the deliberative quality of the
meeting in the second place let's talk
about whether it should meet for the
Russians to get some dirt oh let's do it
that seems more deliberative let me go
to this other question why he's really
shifting from we didn't do it but if we
did it so what because Rudy Giuliani we
didn't mean to collude but if we did so
what Rudy Giuliani is running a shifting
offensive against robert muller shifty
as well shifting because he wants to get
out in front of whatever robert muller
has to say about the president he wants
to make sure that when the report comes
out that everyone doesn't just read the
report that they look at robert muller
and his team and say well those are
those angry people who didn't who never
liked the president and now he's saying
well even if we did do this crime we
really shouldn't or do this thing that
with it you say is a crime it's actually
not something that's happening I think
he's shifting because he's made me
worried about this maybe worried about
whether or not there might be some sort
of evidence against the president but
really it's about the fact that he he
wants to be out on a media yelling at
people and making sure that the Trump
campaign is
front on this and attacking people
because he's worried that the president
I could attacked later on let me ask you
Robert as a journalist it seems to me
there's two ways to look at Rudy either
he's doing preventive or here look we're
gonna get worse news alike this that
there wasn't meeting there buddy knew
about it there was an attempt to get
dirt it's all going to come out thanks
to Michael Cohen or this idea of rolling
disclosure which is only admit what's
already been put in evidence so last
week we ended the week with news that
Michael Cohen's going to put out the
word that the president knew about the
meeting at Trump Tower so since that's
probably going to happen why don't we
just say yes it did happen and say but
that's not illegal well Julian Rolly
disclosure preventive war what is it
more preventive war based on my
reporting Giuliani is reacting to the
news but he's also being defiant denying
these kinds of meetings happened while
also leaving room in a lot of his
answers for different things to come
along the way in the course of this
legal and political story
and so you see Giuliani really out there
on an island legally and politically
with the president trying to be
defensive trying to be the lead lawyer
going in all the shows as the spokesman
but even Giuliani who has access to some
of the evidence he only knows so much
about what's gonna come hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
