joining us now member of the judiciary
and Armed Services committee's
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut is introducing a resolution
today on protecting the press we'll get
to that curious as to what you know
about where the separation policy stands
we know they ended the policy but
there's still a lot of children's lives
hanging in the balance
are they going to be able to resolve
this completely hundreds of children are
still separated from their parents do we
have a good number on that is it are we
in the hundreds there are no good
numbers no good number still why aren't
there good numbers still why can't we
get the government why can't we get the
Trump administration to give us good
numbers on how many children they seized
from the arms of their parents and have
now lost that is the question we're
gonna be asking tomorrow when we have
ice come before the Judiciary Committee
we're gonna have a hearing and the
question of whether this policy is the
result of incompetence and carelessness
or deliberate cruelty I think right now
what we have is malign neglect the
children are still separated because of
the incompetence and perhaps
carelessness but the policy itself and
Americans should be really angry about
it is the result of consciously and
purposely inflicted cruel yeah the focus
on ice actually is is misdirected the
focus is on the policy that the this
would be like right Americans being
angry TSA if Donald Trump decided to
cease babies from mother's arms when
they're going through the the metal
detectors that is exactly right and
that's why we've urged the chairman of
the committee Chuck Grassley to have not
just ice but also the office of refugee
resettlement the Department of Homeland
Security's leadership in general and the
Department of Health and Human Services
they all bear responsibility so why are
they still separated what said the crux
of that is that have the parents been
deported are the parents out of the
country and now the kids are stuck in
America what's happened some of the
parents have been deported on the
promise that they would be reunited
that was a false promise some of the
parents are still in this country but
the Department of Homeland Security
doesn't have sufficient information to
bring them together we've received close
briefings and the basic conclusion here
is that this policy is a result of
conscious effort to deter asylum seekers
from coming to this country by
convincing them that they will face more
pain here than they would by facing the
murder violence and gang warfare on
their own conciliar so well I understand
that's what sessions
that's what Trump wanted app and what I
don't understand is when they
implemented the policy how were they not
able to trace it how are they not able
to put two year olds three year olds
four year olds back with their parents
well who's ultimately who ultimately
fumbled that responsibility and that's
what the American people deserve to know
and we don't know the answer yet we're
going to begin finding out tomorrow but
I think there has to be accountability
but isn't it remarkable we don't know
this plan was there a plan
there was no plan you know when I
visited the border relief now almost six
weeks ago what I saw and I said it when
I came back was no plan no path no
system for reuniting these children with
their parents I look into the eyes of a
two year old girl in her father's arms
who face possible separation from her
father and he was close to tears but he
had walked 30 days across Mexico to
escape the violence and persecution in
his country simply so his daughter could
live and have the opportunity to be in
this country but there was no plan to
keep them together there was no plan to
reunite them if they were separated
there never was and that is the really
untold I feel like we have to call it
timeout right here for viewers who may
not understand the laws of this land it
is legal for people to come to this
country and seek refugee status
and when they come here that's when
we're supposed to have a review and and
we're supposed to have judges courts
look at it and of course Donald Trump's
answer is separate the children deport
the parents and and and fire all the
judges says he doesn't want any judges
anymore he doesn't want any more due
process for refugee status which again
that's the basis of our country Donald
Trump's parents Donald Trump's mother
came to America from from overseas Mika
Micah's mother and father escaped Hitler
came to America Micah's mother he went
across the Atlantic actually got the
boat got hit by a German torpedo which
was a thud but escaped escaped Nazi
oppression and so did my dad
1935 seen here 17 years old he had not
much more than this shirt on his back he
knew no one he spoke no English he was a
penniless refugee who would have been
sent back under Trump's current policies
there is a legal protection but there's
also a great American tradition exactly
that's our story exactly we're a nation
of immigrants and soon there's something
that also is really troublesome I mean
everything about this policy is
troublesome but Texas Tribune had
reporting that about 70 children under
the age of 2 have been representing
themselves at asylum proceedings
how is this happening in America I know
Oh sir I want to move on to the topic
and a different venue for you which is
your role in the Judiciary Committee in
the Senate Brett Kavanaugh obviously
coming before you guys at some point you
have been raising some concerns both
about the scope of the committee's
inquiry the ability to get a hold of all
the records from the time when he was in
the White House and also about where he
stands on the question of the Nixon
precedent so I want you talking about
both those things where we are not about
they so much about the political
maneuvering but about those concern
will he protect Robert Muller how
serious is the scrutiny your committee
is going to give to this nomination
first of all we need the documents and
right now we're being denied all the
documents that we need to review this
nomination and the reason we need the
documents is that there's no telling
what he may have written and what's
relevant when he was staff secretary to
President Bush we already know that on
some of the issues like the signing
statements relating to illegal detention
he took certain positions but we need to
confirm what he tells us by having all
the documents the question is what
they're hiding why are they concealing
some of these documents I won't meet
with this nominee and certainly would
urge my colleagues to vote against him
if we are denied those out in a second
on the issue of presidential power he
has a very expansive view of what the
president's powers can be first of all
the president can refuse to enforce a
law if he feels that it is
unconstitutional second he should be
able to fire the special counsel for any
reason or no reason at all and that
makes him a possible deciding vote also
on the subpoena power he's questioned
the validity of the tapes case that
tapes case you'll recall was in the
Watergate era and decided unanimously by
a Supreme Court in an opinion written by
the Chief Justice Warren burger and
Nixon appointee so this questioning of
the issue of whether the presence above
the law is extremely serious if his
position is the presence above the law
I don't see how any my colleague can
vote but senator without diminishing the
importance of everything you just said
in the kind of real world of politics it
seems like the Republicans are
absolutely locked in step here on
whether it may be Rand Paul but mostly
locked and step here and whether they're
going to vote for it you had three red
state Democrats as you know who voted
for Gorsuch there's a really much doubt
that he's going to get confirmed in the
end I think there is doubt
mainly because in these documents if we
get them there maybe bombshells and
smoking guns and other very revealing
evidence that goes to his views on these
critical issues not just presidential
power but also roe v-- wade and his
committing apparently he passed the
Trump litmus test to automatically
overrule it on health care issues so I
think we need to take this case the
American people and I think the American
people are gonna want a check and
balance on this president particularly I
think they're gonna want someone who is
in favor of a free press especially with
this president so let's talk about
Republicans in the Muller investigation
you of course have a couple of House
Republicans who are playing the role of
Vladimir Putin's poodles embarrassing
themselves really just being duped
useful idiots for Vladimir Putin but on
the Republican side in the Senate some
strong words again from Richard burr the
chairman of the Intel committee saying
the FISA warrants were actually in line
and the judges the Republican judges did
did the right thing there it seems that
more and more Republicans are speaking
out strongly for in support of Robert
Muller's investigation going to its end
there's no question that trumps cronies
in the house are threatening impeachment
of Rob Rosen Stein which is very
impactful and also threatening the
Special Counsel but we do have
Republicans in the Senate beginning to
show some signs of resistance to this
consistent concerted campaign against
the special counsel remember this
campaign has been ongoing for some time
not just the president calling it a
witch-hunt but also some of his I
hesitate to say Stooges but surrogates
in the house saying that
it is all made up we know from the close
to 30 indictments and five convictions
there's a lot of evidence of Russians by
the way this is they're not just
covering for Donald Trump anymore
they're not Trump's chumps anymore
they are Vladimir Putin's useful idiots
because Muller's invited indicted more
Russians than Americans this is a
Russian story that these these
Republican dupes are in the in the House
of Representatives they're covering for
Vladimir Putin they should say they
should get their contributions converted
to rubles now well and the remarkable
thing about that indictment if you read
it as 12 Russians is there is no way
these Russians were freelancing they are
military intelligence operatives under
orders from Vladimir Putin instead of
inviting him to this country he should
be indicted yep in this country and the
people who are cozying up to him are
simply aiding and abetting an ongoing
attack on this country it continues
senator Blumenthal hesitates a Stooges
but I don't think you yes no we don't
know Richard Blumenthal I do like online
I do like Putin's poodles that's very
good they are strong very strong because
it because it is really if you think
about it how remarkable that there are a
few Republicans in the House of
Representatives who are literally just
hovering up an enemies attempt to
undermine American democracy think about
how remarkable that is how do you go
back to your constituents and say I'm
trying to impeach the guy that is
running an investigation against our
enemies trying to infiltrate American
democracy and undermine it take try to
put that one on a bumper sticker well
try though I I really think that you're
doing an injustice to the dogs
spatsy senator thank you only watching
as you present a resolution today on the
press as well we'll get to that coming
up the Trump Cohen drama goes public and
it's getting really ugly we're gonna
bring in both a former judge in a US
Attorney
from the office now investigating the
president's former fixer we'll be right
back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
