we are not starting a trade war we've
been in a trade war for many years and
we've lost for many years but over the
last year and a half we are winning
we're back and we're winning and we are
winning bigger than anyone understands
we have the greatest farms in the world
we have the greatest equipment in the
world there's nobody can peak nobody can
compete with us with agriculture one of
the big stories this week was Donald
Trump's plan for a twelve billion dollar
bailout for American farmers due to the
disaster that he's inflicted on them
with his trade policies well this week I
had the chance to speak with a former
department of agile agriculture official
who was fired following a false and
misleading attack on her by the late
Andrew Breitbart and Shirley Sherrod had
a lot to say about the bailout plan and
who she thinks could get left out mr.
Rob thank you for your time thank you
so just to jump in you spent something
like 40 years working on behalf of the
rural poor in Georgia before joining the
Obama administration in the Department
of Agriculture prior to and will talk a
little bit about the the way that you
left at the Department of Agriculture
but I wonder just in the context of your
life's work working with rural folk
farmers in Georgia what do you make of
what's happened to American farmers as a
result of the tariffs the Trump
administration has put on and this idea
of a bailout for the agricultural
industry
well I'll speaks specifically about
black farmers and farmers in general you
know black farmers are always hurting
and that we have this saying that when
when white farmers have a cold
we have pneumonia and that's basically
what happens with us you know I worry
about the what's happening with the
tariffs
and even though they put a press release
out yesterday saying they're making
twelve billion dollars available will
black farmers be treated fairly with
this it's never been the case it would
be great if that would happen now
but I don't have much hope that it will
and one of the issues has been that
black farmers but also small farmers
have not had the same access to the
federal pot of pots of money that are
made available to big farm industries
like Archer Daniels Midland the big
companies right do you have you
experienced that the federal government
has ever really reached down to the
smallest farmer and particularly to
african-american farmers but really to
all small farmers right you you're
correct you know I think back to the 70s
when farmers were being pushed to really
go fencerow to fencerow with crops it's
the big guys who who made it big and
small farmers who attempted to do that
really got hurt because you remember in
the eighties we had two farm crisis we
lost a lot of farmers we lost a lot of
black farmers and black people lost a
lot of land small farmers hurt so we
have to deal mostly in local markets so
what will that do
what will loosen these markets in the
world do two farmers who've tried to
deal locally it's gonna bring that's
gonna put more products on the market
the ones who will be hurt will be the
small guys and that's the small farmers
we work with throughout the south and
you know ironically enough you were
pushed out of the administration you
they later of course apologize to you
then Secretary Vilsack apologized to you
but in 2010 when breitbart.com and the
tea party went after you for a speech
you gave to the n-double-a-cp in Georgia
which they misconstrued and edited in a
misleading way how ironic is it to you
mister odd that you now have real
silence from that tea party world on the
idea of essentially providing federal
welfare to farmers because of something
that this administration did to them
with the tariffs and that's exactly what
it is it's welfare for people who are
well-off you know you can talk about
taking away SNAP benefits and so forth
for the poor but this is welfare and no
one's thinking of it in that sense and
why do you suppose that the same people
who denounce the SNAP program which used
to be called food stamps we
actually by the way helps farmers right
because we're able spend that money on
produce which I'll bombers that's
correct so why do you suppose that the
same people who denounce welfare for the
urban poor are okay with welfare for
rural farmers and potentially for very
big farm industries I wish I had the
answer to that then maybe we could
figure out how to get to them on this
particular issue
they have pushed large farmers for years
they don't think of the young of the
small guys who helped communities
survive we've lost you know we have
people who are suffering out in these
counties where you don't have a large
population but the small farmers who
live in them can help keep the whole
community operating in the way that it
should we don't think about that we just
think about the big guys here in this
country but it's the small farmers who
keep these communities of operating like
they should for people who live in them
yeah and you know those who who have
followed the work of civil rights know
that the Sherrod name is synonymous with
long time work in the area of civil
rights you wrote a book called the
courage to hope how I stood up to the
politics of fear which was published a
few years ago in 2012
give us some advice mister odd on this
is a scary period for a lot of people a
lot of people are afraid they're we're
seeing a lot of races race-based
violence out there and people are scared
what kind of advice would you give to
people how to stand up to the politics
of fear well we can't stop working you
know that's if you look back to the
Civil Rights Movement how we stuck
together to get the gains that we have
we have to live through these periods
and we can't forget what we know we
can't forget to do what we know how to
do so working together in every way that
we can work together is what we need to
do and that's what we've done through
the years that that we can do we try to
do it yeah and just to get people to
understand kind of what how many small
farmers are even left I mean I think
when we used to think of the family farm
we thought that was the breadbasket of
the country that isn't so true anymore
right well we still have
when you look at the what they say you
know who they say are farmers and but
you know that number is going down what
person would want to go into this
struggle and the way we have to struggle
it has to be in the heart and it is for
a lot of people it's the farming becomes
a part of you taking care of the land
becomes a part of you helping to feed
your community becomes a part of you and
it's something you want to do it's
something you can do yeah and you are an
executive committee member of something
called the southern rural black woman's
initiative talk a little bit about the
work that you're doing now yeah that's
that's in fact that's why I've had to
come to this area we have a three state
project consistent of women throughout
Georgia Alabama and Mississippi
we've started a work on corn so in coop
we do asset development work we do civic
engagement work we work with young women
and leadership and so forth and it's
just it's rewarding work because then
you can have some influence on on young
women who are coming forward today who
want to do good work in their
communities but need some guidance and
being able to figure out what to do and
how to do it yeah and I don't want to
get you pulled into politics but there
is a black woman running for the
governorship of your own state of
Georgia yeah Stacey Abrams I have to get
your thoughts on her and can you win in
a state like Georgia it's you know we're
gonna do everything we can well let me
say I will do everything I can to help
her and I'm hoping she can be successful
with that you know we thought we
wouldn't get would be hundred years
before we get a black president that
happened so I would say that yes it's
probably and should be possible in the
state of Georgia to see that kind of
change happen yeah absolutely and I
should also mention Lucy Macbeth who
lost her son tragically in an incident
of a race-based violence a gun violence
is also running - so black woman it
seemed to be I don't know a black woman
in Georgia seem to have a little special
something what is that
lady fandora well we just have the fear
of how to survive and we go for it yeah
absolutely well Shirley Sherrod it's
such an honor to talk to you thank you
so much for being here really appreciate
it hope you'll come back to New York
often okay thank you thank you she is
great well I want to take a quick moment
to wish a speedy recovery the civil
rights legend and Georgia Congressman
John Lewis who was hospitalized
yesterday after falling ill on a plane a
spokesperson for the congressman said
that he was hospitalized for routine
observation and is expected to be
released today
get well soon sir we absolutely need you
more aim to actually break hey thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
