I'm Katy Turk in for lawrence o'donnell
what is one of Donald Trump's biggest
denials about Russia may be unraveling
tonight amid the civil war between the
president and his former lawyer today
the president lashed out at Michael
Cohen after reports that Cohen is
willing to tell Robert Muller that
Donald Trump knew in advance about the
2016 Trump Tower meeting where the
Russians promised to deliver dirt on
Hillary Clinton Cohen's account would
directly contradict the president's
repeated denials that he knew nothing
about that meeting Donald Trump tweeted
this morning I did not know of the
meeting with my son Don jr. sounds to me
like someone is trying to make up
stories in order to get himself out of
an unrelated Jam Trump added taxi cabs
may be an apparent reference to the
federal investigation of Cohen the
question now what did Donald Trump know
the president's story about the Trump
Tower meeting has already shifted his
lawyers claimed he was not involved in a
statement falsely claiming the meeting
was about adoptions then they admitted
in the memo that he dictated the
statement now the strategy for Donald
Trump is to attack Michael Cohen to
boost the president's credibility Trump
allies are gaming out how to quote Barry
Cohen according to The Daily Beast the
first attempt did not go so well Rudy
Giuliani tried to claim that the
longtime Trump Organization lawyer is a
liar I expected something like this from
Cummings been lying all week I mean or
to live for years there's nobody that I
know that knows him that hasn't warned
me that if he's back he's up against the
wall he'll I like crazy because he's
alive all his life but today team Trump
was reminded that the same Rudy Giuliani
said this about Michael Cohen just a few
months ago he doesn't have any
incriminating evidence about the
president or himself the man is an
honest honorable lawyer Cohan story may
be just as dangerous for Donald Trump
jr. as it is the as it is for the
president Cohen reportedly wants to tell
Muller that Donald Trump learned of the
Trump Tower meeting from Don junior Don
junior has already told a different
story
did you tell your father anything about
that oh I it was such a nothing there
was nothing to tell I mean I wouldn't
even remembered it until we start
scouring through the stuff it was it was
literally just a wasted 20 minutes which
was a shame it is not a crime to lie to
Sean and Hannity it could be a crime
though to lie to Congress in September
Don Jr told the Senate Judiciary
Committee that he quote never discussed
the meeting with his father today
Democrat Patrick Leahy of the Judiciary
Committee said he wants Don jr. to come
back before the committee to answer
questions again in public regarding
Cohen's claims on the same day that we
learned Michael Cohen may provide key
evidence about potential collusion the
New York Times reported that Robert
Muller is examining Donald Trump's
tweets as part of his wide-ranging
obstruction and inquiry The Times
reports Miller is scrutinizing Trump's
tweeted attacks on Attorney General Jeff
Sessions and former FBI director James
Comey under a section of the u.s. code
titled tampering with a witness victim
or an informant meanwhile The Wall
Street Journal reported that the Trump
organizations finance chief Allen
weiselberger has been called to testify
before a federal grand jury in the
michael cohen probe a former trump
organization employee told me allen
weiselberger where all the financial
bodies are buried within the Trump
Organization interesting choice of words
there joining us now is Jason Johnson
politics editor at the root comm also
joining us Ruth markets Marcos deputy
editor paged deputy editorial page
editor at the and columnist at the
Washington Post and Daniel Goldman
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York
all three are MSNBC contributors Bruce
let's start with you credibility is
gonna be the key portion here or the key
takeaway Donald Trump has has repeatedly
lied in public it's on the record we
have his statements we have his
contradictions Michael Cohen while many
would say he's not trustworthy doesn't
have credibility because he worked for
Donald Trump and I don't know presumably
he did things that were not truthful for
Donald Trump or said things that were
not truthful we don't have a lot of on
the
record lies or falsehoods if you want to
use that word from Michael Cohen the
only one Ruth that I can think of is
that he told Chris Cuomo that he wasn't
recording him when he actually was that
was a story that came out a couple days
ago so in the credibility fight Ruth
who's gonna who do you think is gonna
have a have the upper hand well in the
credibility fight you have to ask a few
questions one is who has the greater
motive to lie here one of the things
we've learned say from Robert Muller is
if you go to him were his investigators
with a false story and lie to them
you're gonna get in a lot of trouble so
if Michael Cohen is not telling the
truth here because he's looking for a
deal from Robert Muller and he peddles
an untrue story he's gonna get himself
into a heap of trouble on the other hand
President Trump has some motive here to
lie because it would be a very big deal
in fact if a he knew about this meeting
and if he had been lying to the American
people about it all along the second
thing and Dan can speak to this is if
you've got a witness who or somebody who
may have some credibility problems
you're gonna look for corroborating
evidence what do the other people who
allegedly heard this say what happened
with those phone calls around the before
and after the meeting to the block
number who were they what was Don Jr's
practice in terms of telling things to
his father so it's not a simple he said
he said swearing contest you can bring
in other facts to buttress your case and
to figure out who you should believe
here Daniel what else would they look
for well one of the things you want to
use to assess the credibility of someone
is generally people don't lie against
their self-interest
so if Michael Cohen were to get on the
stand and he were to admit to all sorts
of wrongdoing and crimes and he were to
say and by the way these other people
did those with me generally you you
credit somebody like that because he's
admitting to his own criminal
conduct if he's saying oh I'm putting
the finger at somebody else I didn't do
it then that's that's more speaking in
your own self-interest and there is more
motive to live right now is it isn't it
in Michael Cohen self-interest to go out
and claim these sorts of things in order
to make it appear that he is more he's
more of a valuable informant or
cooperator I should say against Donald
Trump with the special counsel or the
SDN why if he's more valuable to cut a
deal with rather than somebody just to
to try to prosecute so it's interesting
because we love this you know we're
sitting on television and Michael Cohen
is saying Oh Donald Trump was there Rudy
Giuliani saying he's a liar this
normally only happens in a courtroom
when there's cross-examination and
someone calls the cooperating witness a
liar it almost never happens in public
and the reason is because most
cooperating witnesses are guided by
their lawyers and they know to be quiet
in public Michael Cohen if he's acting
in his self-interest will be quiet
because this is not helping him at all
you have a piece in The Daily Beast
today where you say free advice for
Michael Cohen from X federal prosecutors
shut up yes he's not helping his cause
by doing this and to your point about oh
let's flag this for the SDN why or for
Muller that I have this information he
doesn't have to do that in public he has
an incredibly able and capable
experienced lawyer who is very used to
having these conversations with
prosecutors who are very used to having
those conversations with defense lawyers
that's the proper way to do it the way
he's doing this in public is only
hurting him regardless it is getting
ugly
certainly in public here's a new report
from Emily Jane Fox of Vanity Fair there
is an increasing sense inside cowan
world that trumps former attorney is
ready to torch the man he once vowed to
take a bullet for telling a lies about a
quote treasure trove of material that he
could unleash to create headaches for
Trump there's a lot more to
he has said there's a lot Jason what do
you think of that I mean the thing is
Katie all he's doing Cohen is really
just confirming what most people with
common sense would have assumed about
president Trump anyway remember you know
prior to Cohen you know Donald Trump
used to hang around with Rory cone I
mean it's not like he has a history of
dealing with ethical and responsible
lawyers so if this guy was his
consigliere if this guy was his fixer it
is highly likely that you know Cohen has
all sorts of dangerous information about
him that he can reveal and the reason
that this was playing out in public is
because one a lot of these guys like
getting on TV and - this has become sort
of a big spitting match between these
gentlemen you know they're very egos
involved I mean you know Cohen is not
necessarily any more ethical than
president Trump but he may have some
valuable information and that's why this
is playing out in such a loud ugly way
it's why Rudy Giuliani is out there
running his mouth and contradicting
himself every other day because none of
these men regardless of what their
technical positions are whether that's
president a lawyer for the President or
lawyer protecting myself
during the investigation seem to really
respect the rule of law or the norms of
how of an investigation is supposed to
happen Ruth there's also this The
Associated Press is reporting that that
lawyer that trumped our lawyer the
meeting that was between Don junior and
the Russian lawyer Natalia vessel nets
kiya is a lot more well connected to the
Kremlin than she claims to be she was a
ghostwriter for top Russian government
lawyers and received key assistance from
the interior ministry in a case
involving a client I mean she's not
being honest about her connections to
the Kremlin there was there were
problems with the initial statement
about what was actually happening at the
Trump Tower meeting Donald Trump saying
he had nothing to do with it and then it
coming out from his lawyers that he
actually dictated that statement what
else are we gonna learn Bruce can't wait
to find out but you know we were told in
the original on solicitation to Donald
Trump jr. precisely who she was she was
identified as a Russian government
lawyer who was offering information
about Hillary Clinton because the
Russian government Donald Trump jr. was
told wanted to see
Donald Trump elected president don't
need more than that
what would a responsible patriotic
person do in a situation like that they
would call the FBI at the very least
they would say no thank you
what did we have we had this meeting we
and then what what do we know Donald
Trump helped to orchestrate a lie about
it when it was discovered then he lied
and his people lied his lawyers lied
about whether he was involved in
orchestrating that lie so now we need to
find out is he lying or telling the
truth about whether he knew about the
meeting at the time guys we also have
something of an anniversary to celebrate
it's now two years to the day that
Donald Trump called on Russia to find
Hillary Clinton's missing 30,000 emails
and then I had this exchange with him
let's look Russia if you're listening I
hope you're able to find the 30,000
emails that are missing you said the
Russians I know you said I welcome them
to find those 30,000 I'd like to have
release does that not give you pause
gives me no pause if Russia or China or
any other country has those emails I
mean to be honest with you I'd love to
see him Daniel that date keeps coming up
it was in the Muller indictment a couple
weeks ago we know that the investigation
relieved it's not got started started to
get interesting into the Trump Trump
campaign and what they had to do with
Russia because of that exchange because
people in the intelligence community
were like what what is going on why is
he saying that why would why would
Donald Trump call on Russia specifically
to find Hillary Clinton's emails
prosecutors are trained not to believe
in coincidences and that doesn't mean
that they they don't exist but you're
always skeptical of coincidences so when
you see him say something like that and
then it later materializes that Russia
actually did have those emails you
naturally ask yourself what did he know
and that will be that is I'm sure a
significant focus of the of the
investigation how same is true with this
to make that connection what sort of
proof will they need to make that a
definitive connection well look there's
gonna be internal emails memos text
messages there's all sorts of
documentary evidence in this day and age
with communications and that will also
be the case as relates to this Trump
Tower meeting when Trump promises a big
speech on Hillary Clinton that is
supposed to follow this meeting and then
the meeting is a fail and that speech
never happens the same kind of thing is
going on in both instances Daniel
Goldman thank you very much Ruth Marcus
Jason Jason Johnson we appreciate it
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
