he claims by Michael Cohen that Donald
Trump was in on a potential conspiracy
of Trump Tower are the big news right
now they're being taken seriously at the
White House
Donald Trump is formally deny he was in
on this meeting or that he approved it
before it happened Cohen though
reportedly willing to tell this entire
allegation directly to Bob Muller now
Donald Trump says no he didn't know
about the meeting something he and his
son have insisted over the last year did
you tell your father anything about that
it was such a nothing there was nothing
to tell there was nothing to tell do you
believe Don jr. and Donald Trump or do
you believe these reports that Michael
Cohen says there was something to tell
him they were in on it here are the
other indications that Trump had some
kind of heads up three hours after Don
Jr confirmed the Trump Tower meeting in
an email then candidate Trump promised a
press conference with yes new dirt on
Clinton I am going to give a major
speech on probably Monday of next week
and we're going to be discussing all of
the things that have taken place with
the Clintons I think you're gonna find
it very informative and very very Don Jr
says the Russians didn't give him any
actionable dirt and the promise press
conference on the Clintons never
occurred but the Russians did appear to
score a victory with this access to the
campaign at the highest levels and of
course we're also learning that the
Russian lawyer at the meeting was not
only connected to the Kremlin she was a
high-level trusted advisor emails
disclosed that show she worked as a
ghostwriter for other Russian government
lawyers got help from senior Kremlin
personnel on her own cases and all of
that helps add context to what was going
on and how high level of a conspiracy
this may have allegedly been all of this
swirling today with Don Jr and Bob
Muller in the mix and look at this quite
amazing photograph that has just gone
public this is a scene you're looking at
today at the
he's Reagan Airport you can see Bob
Muller the special counsel sitting just
a few feet away from Donald Trump jr. of
course at the center of this part of the
investigation who's there on the phone
flanked by what looked to be security
that was the scene just this morning as
they prepared to board their planes I'm
joined now by former federal prosecutor
Joyce Vance a conservative opinion
writer for The Washington Post Jennifer
Rubin and David corn has been covering
this story since day one from other
Jones David as we look at that photo and
we'll put it back up on the screen walk
us through what you see between these
men here separated by just a few feet
the special counsel's office tells us
Bob Miller was not aware that that was
Donald Trump jr. and that they are not
confirming that aspect of it but what do
you see in this photo what I see is the
guy in charge of investigation and a guy
who is the subject of an investigation
that just got more profound we have to
preface everything Ari with if the
account for Michael Kohn is true
bah-bah-bah but so if the count is true
it is a tremendous change in the
landscape what it does is show us two
things one that Donald Trump and from
the very beginning was in on an attempt
at collusion attempt to conspire with a
plot that was described to Donald Trump
jr. as a secret operation by the Kremlin
to help Trump so if Trump knows about
that from the very beginning and is in
on it I think that has a lot of legal
but me even more so political
implications plus if he's told about
this and even if nothing came out of the
meeting remember throughout the whole
campaign and up to now
he keeps denying or dismissing the
Russian operation could have been a
400-pound guy in a basement the Russians
didn't do this we don't know the
Russians did this and they kept doing
that well if he was told in June 2016
that Russia wanted to work with him on a
secret plan to help him and hurt Hillary
Clinton and then went through all those
denials well it shows he was covering up
for Putin and for Putin's operation so
collusion and cover-up each side of this
equation just got deeper
say covering up for Putin Jennifer Rubin
all of this investigative breakthrough
stuff is coming on the heels of what
remains a highly controversial summit
between these two men here was food and
inviting Trump to the to the Moscow for
a meeting today we are ready to invite
President Trump to Moscow be my guest
he has such an indication and I told him
that I am ready to go to Washington as
well I repeat once again if the right
conditions were created Jennifer the
right conditions for work isn't that an
ominous phrase what does he want up
front
it makes everyone Democrats Republicans
members of his own administration very
nervous what he is doing in these two
hour one-on-one meetings with Putin you
know something strikes me and as David
was talking about this meeting even the
fact of the meeting the fact that his
people took a meeting with Russian
operatives is itself then leverage and
call any reason for blackmail because if
that comes out during that campaign they
were conspiring with the Russians that
in itself is a way of applying pressure
to the president so the president from
day one has been very upset that somehow
his entire presidency would be
discredited by the notion that the
Russians had helped him guess what the
Russians did help him and if he knew
about that that's reason to fire James
Comey it's reason for him to craft a
phony explanation for that meeting in
Trump Tower it's reason for a lot of
behavior that seemed odd at the time but
in fact now could just be seen as a
direct cover-up right and Joyce this
goes to the other part we try to be very
fair and precise here we've had Jay
Goldberg a trump lawyer on and and other
Trump surrogates we had Madison Jesse
odo on this week for that perspective on
the Cohen news but the only accurate way
to refer to the Trump Tower set of
statements from the president is that he
has been repeatedly lying and caught
lying about it that's a journalistic
established fact at this point and so
what are you as a prosecutor think when
you look at that let me let me look at
this sound right here from Meet the
Press when they initially lied and
denied dictating
this airforce one statement take a look
the president was not involved in the
drafting of the statement and did not
issue the statement it came from Donald
Trump jr. he certainly didn't dictate
but you know he like I said keep wade in
offered suggestion like any father would
do as I say that's not true and it comes
from the lies at the top from Donald
Trump Joyce and so when you look at that
part of it without presupposing anyone's
guilt but just knowing that they were
lying about that and then you add
Michael Cohen here potentially alleging
to Muller that Donald Trump had all this
advance notice what does that do to the
investigation in your view as a
prosecutor you know the president's
cover-up here the statement that he
dictated on Air Force One has never made
any sense on the one hand if the meeting
was unimportant and as someone said at
the time and nothing burger then why
does the president go to the trouble of
lying about it that statement that the
president drafted for Don Jr has only
ever made sense if this meeting was
critically important and equally
important to cover-up so now what we see
if Cohen's statement is true and David
corn is correct we need to understand
whether it can be authenticated and also
precisely what Cohen will have to say
when he makes it but if it turns out to
be true a lot of these pieces puzzle
pieces that are scattered across the
table start to click into play we'll put
up while you're talking on this screen
we're gonna put up when the president's
lawyers admitted they lied about all
this go ahead yeah no I would say both
on the collusion piece collusion is a
lot more likely if the president knew
about this meeting in advance and
authorized it and by the same token the
obstruction part of the equation really
comes into focus here you know we've
always had this really strange statement
in July where the president goes out
he's campaigning and he says Russia if
you're listening here's what you can do
to help me out
find Hillary's emails that's always
seemed a little bit awkward and out of
place
perhaps we will ultimately understand
that as Trump taking advantage of
whatever was offered to him during this
June Trump Towers meeting perhaps
everything that they've said to us about
this meeting so far has been a law
and it really was a proffer of whatever
Russia can do to help you win that
statement that you say was two years ago
today
happy Anniversary David corn yeah and
it's a statement that we known more
about now because the indictment that
Robert Miller put out recently of twelve
Russian military intelligence officers
who were involved in hacking the the
Democrats to help Trump and hurt the
Hillary Clinton in that indictment
mowett describes this day as the day
late at night he puts that into the
indictment for a reason late at night
that they started targeting or trying to
penetrate Hillary Clinton's own personal
emails and emails of people on the
campaign as if they were taking Donald
Trump's instructions and guidance so
here you know to go back to Joyce's
point we we understand more now if
Donald Trump was told about this meeting
means he was told that Russia wanted to
help him secretly and here he is now
publicly communicating with Russia
saying hey this is how I want you to
help I mean
collusion conspiracy obstruction cover
up all these narratives which intertwine
are bolstered by Michael cones account
if true and so Jennifer and when David
lays it out like that it's chilling
because the more benign earlier
interpretations that were available were
lower-level people there this or
everyone's an idiot and they didn't
really understand all the meetings they
were going to and by the way idiot
defenses can work in the law it's not a
crime to be stupid and go to the wrong
meeting what David lays out when you put
these pieces together
according to Cohen's theory the case and
we always can report there will be
denials there will be you know other
perspectives but according to Cohen's
theory the case you're adding
testimonial evidence that suggests no
they weren't idiots at a very high level
they had a lot of information that they
then acted on and all the idiot behavior
was in one direction
no one ever thought oh I meant with the
Russians when they didn't they kept
saying they never met with the Russians
when they did every piece of evidence
that we've seen the public statements
the private statements the fact of the
meeting the attempt to cover up the
meeting it it all makes sense
only if there is an attempt to solicit
help from the Russians and if you're a
call way back when the Trump people have
always said well what's so bad about
taking a meeting like this anyone would
take information that they were offered
that's how campaigns run that was a very
telling statement because I think it
suggests to us that that's what they
thought they thought hey Russians are
gonna help us that's well and it's only
been as time goes on that they realize
how politically and legally perilous
that was so hence the cover-up right
because you're not supposed to hijack
elections with foreign governments yeah
no I want to go whenever told them that
you know they were novices hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
