Allen weiselberger name is new to a lot
of Americans today it's not new to you
no he has been to the family member the
family clear back when Fred Trump
Donald's father had a business partner
Willie Tomasello identified by law
enforcement in public reports as an
associate of the Genovese and Gambino
crime families and this goes to how the
Trump Organization has always been
involved with organized crime in more
recent times with Russian mobsters
russian-speaking mobsters alright so we
know from the Cohan tape that apparently
weiselberger knew about the plan to pay
off the former Playboy Playmate Karen
McDougal who claimed that she had an
affair with Donald Trump we don't know
that that's true we know that that's
what Michael Cohen recorded Donald Trump
as saying what do you make of that well
Donald is not a detail guy he is an
overseer of things and Wessel Berg is
that weiselberger is the guy who would
be in in the know about every detail
where money was pulled from where money
was sent what obligations were deferred
or not paid all of that would flow
across his desk so when you think follow
the money
he is money central so the morning after
that tape was released everybody was
very determined to figure out whether
who said check and who said cash but in
fact if you got weiselberger to talk
it's not actually important whether it
was a check or cash because Weiss Lebert
would know well he certainly should and
as your earlier guests pointed out there
is no attorney accountant a privilege
here yet you know years ago Donald and I
had an interview where I was trying to
go over one of his business deals with
him and he was getting more and more
frustrated and finally he blurts out how
do you know all this
I said well Donald because you and your
lawyers put it in the public record and
what I realized was I knew his deal
better than he did the details somebody
has to be the detail man and now he's
under subpoena this is not good for
Donald Trump connect this to the thing
that you've been very involved in and
that is the search for Donald Trump's
tax returns last year you got your hands
on part one part of his 2005
turn which you revealed here on MSNBC
obviously Muller knows this is the guy
who'd have them or have access to them
or have information about them do you
think that's connected to this at all oh
sure and by the way we had a first at DC
report now we went down a street and I
believe that the site went down because
so many people went to see it that day
it was such a big piece of news 24 hour
24 hours it was crashed unfortunately
the the the reality here is that what's
in Donald's tax returns and more
importantly the books and records behind
those tax returns are going to be with
Alan why Solberg that's what matters
here and he is the one who's going to
know well how did they justify this of
that deduction then let's remember
Donald had to income tax fraud trials he
lost both and his own tax lawyer at the
time Jack Mitnick testified under oath
that's my signature on that tax return
but neither I nor my firm prepared it
which is a very good sign of fraud so
I'm sure diligent prosecutors with
subpoenas for documents and testimony
are going to find lots of interesting
things and the financial records of the
Trump Organization so just to follow up
on that is it possible then they could
bring weiselberger in and say we know
you were involved in some of this stuff
where at least you had knowledge of the
fact that something wasn't above board
and hence we need you to tell us more
could they use that as leverage against
weiselberger to to testify or at least
give information about Trump yes and of
course he can take the Fifth Amendment
because our Constitution does says you
do not have to incriminate yourself that
doesn't mean you've committed a crime it
just as a right that every one of us has
prosecutors can then get immunity and
once immunity is granted then you
testify or you can go to jail for
refusing to testify and I expect that we
may well see that play out all right
David thanks very much for this nobody
knows about this more than you dude hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters
just visit msnbc.com slash newsletters
to sign up now
