welcome back it's a lot we'll get
through it we're still tracking this
breaking news just tonight on Robert
mullahs Russia investigation as we've
reported the source is telling NBC News
that Michael Cohen asserts president
Trump was told in advance about that
2016 meeting at Trump Tower he was told
about it by his son Don Jr and that
Michael Cohen is willing and ready to
make that assertion to Special Counsel
Robert Muller earlier tonight president
Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani appeared on
CNN where this story first broke and
said Cohen is not a credible witness
there's no doubt in my mind that he's
just not credible I would not accept him
as a witness as a prosecutor if if
mother this is the kind of witness that
can really destroy your whole case
because they any finder of fact loses
confidence in the case when you rely on
a guy like this when you rely on a guy
where before you finish with them you're
gonna have such a string of lies you you
just can't trust him and when you put
them on this kind of pressure and what's
its history Ben it's just you've been
lying under pressure now let's talk
about what we just witnessed Jonathan
Lemire is here with us White House
reporter for The Associated Press and
Jill Colvin is with us she has an
amazing title White House reporter for
The Associated Press who's watching the
White House for The Associated Press if
they're both with us tonight he's
putting out the wires now that's a great
question welcome to you both
Jonathan there's so much to talk about
what was just in there this is straight
up character assassination I think by
any definition by Rudolph Giuliani the
man he's talking about was until
recently the personal lawyer for the the
man who became President of the United
States he's calling him right up to and
including a pathological liar the
narrative being advanced by several
journalists tonight and several lawyers
in what has become a proxy war is that
mr. Cohen did not leak this mr. Cohen's
team did not leak this this was leaked
by someone close to mr. Trump because
their philosophy is it's out there it's
bad owned it early and by getting this
out there this is one of the worst
things Cohen had to
with prosecutors you diminish his value
on the used-car lot
first of all it's an interesting
argument to make from Rudy Giuliani to
say that Michael Cohen is an
untrustworthy character considering he
was the person the president Trump
trusted for a decade so that perhaps
speaks poorly about the president's
judge of character there as well but I
think you've hit the nail on the head
here there certainly is some reporting
emerging tonight that this is not a leak
from the Cohen camp and in fact on this
very air earlier this evening Emily Jane
Fox with Vanity Fair was very tight with
very well Schwartz the Cohen and his
world suggested that the fear there is
that this card was being plucked from
his hand that the Trump team wanted to
put this out to sue to sort of sully to
diminish when he could offer Muller to
sort of damage his credibility and to
sort of suggest that we're not afraid of
what you can bring we're gonna put it
out there we're gonna deal with it now
and so much of what this president is is
exactly that confronting things head-on
and just like dealing with stuff the
scandal after scandal that would have
sunk any of his predecessors and for him
it's a Thursday and I think that they
feel like this though potentially very
damaging is something they can deal with
too they can put it out there and then
they can muddy the water the
disinformation campaign that we have
seen time and again whether it's uranium
one or a Hillary Clinton's server or
that Pakistani tech guy who made a cameo
in the president's press conference in
Helsinki last week as he tries to
explain his way out of the Russia mess
they will just they will attack Cohen
they will muddy the waters and they
think they can get through it
Joe Colvin you were on the president's
trip to the Midwest today before we talk
about that I want to share with our
audience a brief snippet this was the
president in Granite City Illinois and
even though it's a brief snippet it may
speak to his state of mind we'll discuss
it on the other side there Dionysius
make a little bit of a mistake they
analyze every word they say do you say
could it have been did he say something
positive about Russia I think he loves
Russia be nice to get along with Russia
but that's ok all right Joe Colvin how
was your day with the president how did
he seem to you
I think this trip was really a very
welcome distraction for the president
that just created this incredible
split-screen you had the president he
was both in Illinois and Iowa and this
was the kind of trip that his staff
loved to organize for him he gets to and
they took him at first to a community
college this Center where students
learned to manufacture and he was
playing with various things that had
been made from a 3d printing machine
including a little model of the White
House he was picking them up he was
joking with staff showing them off you
know he later went to this sort of rally
like setting with these members of steel
workers and they're all celebrating the
fact that the steel mill has just
reopened and so these are kind of the
set pieces that the White House really
tries to provide the president to keep
him in a positive mood to distract him
from what's happening but you had today
you know the president's out there sort
of kind of playing along and you can see
as these stories are breaking as I'm
sure the president is being informed of
the reporting that's out there
I'm just the extent to which Russia
remains on the president's mind that
clip you showed the present was giving a
speech on trade he was supposed to be as
I said giving this kind of raw raw steel
is back look at the way that my threats
of trade war and my you know steel and
aluminum tariffs look look at the good
that they're doing and yet you can see
that the president as he looks to the
media as he points to those people in
the back of the room his concern there
you can feel it is still Russia and yet
Jill here we are the United States just
our soybean farmers alone do twelve and
a half billion dollars worth of business
with China American farmers love to brag
that they feed the world and it's it's
pretty accurate number two if a 25%
tariff stay in effect we're talking
about the price of the best-selling car
in this country the Ford f-150 going up
50 200 bucks
slicing into the economy of in effect
the Trump base the folks you saw in the
Midwest today was there any of that is
there a sense of kind of
beat the clock going on you know we
didn't feel any of that today these
these locations were very specifically
chosen the president was surrounded by
people who just sat around I mean we had
an hour-long roundtable of people just
singing the president's praises but not
far from from the towns where we were
were farmers you know we drove through
field after field as we drove across
Iowa right near the steel plant that we
were at there's also the country's
biggest nail manufacturer they say that
they're on the verge of closing and that
they've been losing and bleeding
employees since these steel and aluminum
tariffs went into effect and you know
this book's been to the company I'm in
one of our stories today pleading with
the president saying mr. president these
are your people this is your base you
know they're willing to give you the
benefit of the doubt here but there's
only so much that they can take
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
