NBC News has confirmed tonight that
Donald Trump's former personal attorney
Michael Cohen is now willing to
cooperate with special prosecutor Robert
Muller and specifically can tell the
special prosecutor that Donald Trump is
lying when he says he did not have
advanced knowledge of the meeting with
Russians in Trump Tower during the
presidential campaign Michael Cullen is
willing to tell the special prosecutor
that Donald Trump jr. told candidate
Donald Trump about the meeting with
Russians before the meeting happened
President Trump has repeatedly denied
knowing about the meeting before it
happened here's the president in an
interview with the New York Times last
year Donald Trump jr. told the Senate
Judiciary Committee that he never
discussed the meeting with his father
before or after the after the meeting he
told the committee quote no I wouldn't
have wasted his time with it I never
discussed it with him at all here's what
Donald Trump jr. had to say about that
meeting on Fox News did you tell your
father anything about that oh it was
such a nothing there was nothing to tell
me I wouldn't even remembered it until
we start scouring through the stuff it
was it was literally just a wasted 20
minutes which was a shame
joining us now Mimi Roca former federal
prosecutor Tim O'Brien executive editor
of Bloomberg opinion and the author of
Trump nation the art of being the dog
Donald and Miko yang as well as she's a
former staff director of the House
Intelligence Committee and Mimi to you
if you're a former federal prosecutors
southern just New York where the Michael
Cohen case is currently proceeding
whatever that case is
your reaction to what we've learned
tonight and the way we've learned it so
a couple of different things there's
still a lot we don't know as you and
Rachel were discussing we don't really
know where this information is coming
from and why does that matter if Michael
Cohen is the source of this information
coming out then that's very bad for
Michael Cohen's future as a cooperator
so if he is the one putting it out there
it's not just that it's out there but if
he's the one actually putting it out
there that is going to hurt his ability
to be a cooperator because the
government isn't going to trust him as
easily it's there's so many reasons why
however if it is not coming from him and
hit anyone associated with him if he's
not authorizing this information to come
out but it's coming from Trump Giuliani
and some weird plot to try and diminish
Cohen as a cooperator it doesn't it will
not in other words the fact that the
information is out there in the world
and the ether does not take away as
Chuck said on on Rachel's show does not
take away the fact that the government
needs to prove this you know we all
learn things and we think we know them
and we know them in a certain sense the
government has to know it as in a
factual sense an approvable fense sense
and the way to do that is through
evidence and witnesses are one form of
evidence so they need a witness who can
go into court or in an affidavit
whatever form this ends up taking and
swear to this essentially and it
wouldn't be the only piece of evidence
they would never rely on just one
person's testimony they would need to
corroborate it from perhaps other
witnesses as Rachel mentioned who were
there or you know we don't know there
could be a whole host of other ways to
corroborate this if it's true so all of
that is to say that how this impacts the
michael cohen going forward part depends
how this did come out and it really
matters in terms of this is important
news for sure but in terms of the
criminal liability for the president it
does matter as you know we've been
saying now since that Cohen recording
came out it matters even more whether
Michael Cohen cooperates because they do
need I mean
yet another sign of what he could offer
the government but he needs to do that
in meetings one-on-one with the
government you know not in public one
thing we know about the president
especially in the earlier stages of this
investigation is that he very much
wanted to continue to talk to
communicate with pretty much everyone
involved there are reports of him trying
to continue to communicate with Flynn
for example even after Flynn had to be
fired from the White House and before he
was indicted it is very common certainly
for people who are in the focus of an
FBI investigation of a federal
investigation and who know they are as a
group in that focus it is very common
for them to want to try to communicate
with each other their lawyers their
defense lawyers are always telling them
don't don't say a word to any of the
other witnesses Donald Trump still has
those impulses this could be if you're
looking at it from what's the Trump's
side incentive for letting this become
public one is the knowledge that it is
that it is going to become public
there's certain that's going to become
public and the other is this is a way
for Donald Trump to communicate with
other witnesses specifically the other
witnesses who were in the room with
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump jr. and
it's a way of getting the word out to
them that we are denying whatever
Michael Cohen says happened in that room
yes I mean I guess that could be a
possible motive for them to put it out
there it's not very effective though
right I mean as you say really much yeah
yeah there's no what good theory that I
can think of for them to put it out
there the best I could do no no and it's
it's a good theory it's better than I
could come up with just like with the
with the tape with the recording when
people were saying that's coming from
the Trump side you know I didn't see a
world in which that was good for him
unless it was to avoid the attorney the
crime fraud finding by a judge but yes I
mean the and the reason that people tell
witnesses not to talk is because you can
be accused of
some kind of witness tampering and from
the government side the reason the
government agree with something Chuck
just said as well that it is bad for the
government that the information is out
there I just want to make the
distinction between what isn't great and
the government's not happy about versus
will hurt my son's chances of being a
cooperator and the reason the government
doesn't like the information out there
is for that same reason that if
information is out there now other
potential witnesses know what one
witness is going to say and you want
your witnesses to be sort of in with
blinders on they only know what they
know from their experience not what
they've heard from other people that's a
very important part of their testimony
being accepted by a jury or whoever the
fact-finder is so you know I there no
one's going to be happy about this on
the government side but again I do think
there's a lot of misinformation out
there apparently at least on the Trump
side that this will diminish or hurt
Michael Cohen's chances of being a
cooperator that's only true if he's the
one putting it out there Tim O'Brien you
are our trump world expert you know
Donald Trump you know Michael Cohen
you've dealt with them up close both of
them you've had contentious exchanges
with them you've been sued by Donald
Trump
you've won against Donald Trump in court
one of the explanations that is always
possible in Trump world or in Cohen
world is this is just the nutty outcome
that you get in front world or Cohen
world
well nutty's a generous term Lawrence
you know these are not sophisticated
people a number of them are you know are
you know charitably described as stupid
and and you see this random behavior
around that I think for viewers watching
this to unbundle some of this you know
in the summer of 2016 Donald Trump jr.
takes a meeting in Trump Tower with
Russians who are yet offering to give
him dirt on Hillary Clinton that could
help Trump's Donald Trump Jr's father in
his campaign no one knows about that
meeting until the spring of 2017 when
the New York Times begins reporting on
it and when they do the Trump family
puts out a cover story they say the
meeting was about adoption policy in
Russia that slowly unravels and
ultimately they have to admit because
there's email shown
but the meeting was about gathering
compromise and dirt on Hillary Clinton
the person dictating and no one's ever
denied this the cover story was Donald
Trump on a campaign jet or Air Force One
with other people around him including
hope Hicks and Ivanka Trump and Michael
Kohn clearly had knowledge of this
he's now put out there that he believed
the president knew about the meeting and
and dissembled about it he won't be the
only person someone like Bob Muller
relies upon to prevent to present
evidence to a jury Ivanka Trump is
likely to get pulled into this hope
Hicks is likely to get pulled into this
and and the issue here is what did the
president know and when did he know it
and was he part of obstruction of
justice and me going what given all of
these possibilities what do you see
might be any criminal liabilities or
legal liabilities that the President
himself has to worry about we've already
identified a real problem for Donald
Trump jr. here if his testimony to
Congress can be shown to be untrue
right so if this is true the president's
foreknowledge that the Russians were
actually offering to help him changes
the character of a number of statements
that he made throughout the campaign and
really heightens the case for
obstruction of justice because his
tweets about Hillary's emails that
followed the same day as this meeting
his statements in July where he looked
directly at the camera and asked the
Russians to hack her emails if he knew
that they were in fact making that offer
then he could have been trying to
communicate with them out in the clear
to direct them as to what he wanted and
what he was looking for in terms of
Russian help now that would make a case
of cooperation with the Russians of
coordination and when he keeps yelling
no collusion it's hard for him to
continue to make that claim if he knew
the Russians were willing partners
before he started asking for their help
listen what Rudy Guiliani said earlier
tonight when this story broke about
Michael Cohen let's listen and why
Michael Cohen should not be believed
I expected something like this from come
he's been lying all week I mean or to
live for years he's been lying for years
which makes this an irresistible piece
of tape to run about Donald Trump
telling us that he has the best people
we've got the best people I know the
best people we're gonna use our best
people the best people the best people I
know guys that is so good and so now me
me the Donald Trump defense is my best
people have been lying for years the
lying for years is what Rudy Guiliani
now says about Michael Kahn right and
and that's gonna be a class that is a
classic sort of defense strategy and
whenever you have a cooperator which
he's not yet but that that's sort of the
posture were in who has damaging
information about someone the lawyers go
after his credibility and there was a
couple of things first of all as you're
sort of pointing out Donald Trump is the
one who picked Michael Cole right he
picked him as his lawyer and he picked
him as his lawyer because he does
underhanded things yes with and for
Donald Trump is is really sort of where
this is going and for him to now turn
that around and say well he's lying
about me look the government is going to
be skeptical of Michael Cohen if he
cooperates with him the government is
not gonna take at face value Michael can
walk in the door they write it down and
say oh okay now we're going to the grand
jury that's not how it works
it's a process and it is someone
especially like Michael Cohen who they
know has been an underhanded lawyer who
records clients and does things like
that
that's exactly why he has valuable
information but they're never gonna rely
on him alone if there's things that they
can corroborate I mean cases are built
by the government all the time on what
would otherwise be untrustworthy people
frankly that's that's the world that
criminals deal with Giuliani has done it
himself and Tim O'Brien tonight Rudy
Giuliani his entire defense was you
can't believe someone who's a liar and
whenever they go to court no one
believes them Rudy Giuliani's own office
made deals with mafia murderers to
testify against other mafia murderers
and the jury decided to believe Rudy
Giuliani's mafia murderers against the
ones who were the defendants who were
charged or did you guys pretending that
courtrooms haven't lived with this
challenge forever well in Rudy Giuliani
knows better Lawrence he's a he was a
you know he was he ran the US Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of New
York he began his career as a mob
prosecutor he knows what the burdens of
proof are he knows what federal
prosecutors need to do when they want to
bring a solid case in front of a jury
but he's not acting like a lawyer right
now he's out there to run interference
for the president because there's a
mounting fact pattern that doesn't look
good for them on a number of fronts
there's the favor they're now having
issues around financial problems the way
they structured payments to paramours of
the president they have issues around
obstruction of justice they have issues
around collusion and I think Rudy
Giuliani was brought in to try to
discredit the media and discredit law
enforcement that is trying to assess
what has occurred with this president
because it's getting very ugly thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
