join us now actor writer former
correspondent for The Daily Show
aasif Mandvi fuss if is reprising his
role in the one-man show sang kinas
restaurant which he wrote in debuted 20
years ago tells the story of an Indian
immigrant who comes to New York to work
at a restaurant and to live the American
dream good morning welcome back it's
great to see you thanks having me back
so we're just talking about this play
which you debuted 20 years ago yes and
now you're bringing it back yeah the
context for it has changed completely in
those 20 yeah I mean I never you know we
did sakina's restaurant the first time
in 1998 and it was you know pre 9/11
America was a very different place and I
never thought that I would bring it back
but I realized that 20 years later the
the story around immigrants and Muslims
immigrants this this narrative is so
much more relevant today than it was
even back then you know I mean look one
of the ways that you D humanize people
is you politicize them whether it's
Muslims whether it's immigrants coming
across the border and what this play
does and what theater and what art and
storytellers can often do is humanize
that immigrant story and that immigrant
experience and why people come to
America the sacrifices they make the
joys the heartbreaks of that so telling
that story felt to me like it was more
necessary today than it is Evan so was
there a moment or perhaps something you
saw in the culture on TV in politics
that made you think wow I hadn't thought
about bringing it back but I'm going to
now well you know once the once the
first Muslim ban happening I thought you
know and I got very active at that point
you know started working with ACLU and
we did a fundraiser and stuff
with a lot of comedy people and so once
that happened and and then you started
to see like the stuff that was happening
with the the the the families being
separated at the border you know that
the cumulative effect of those things
made me realize that this administration
is that is waging a war on immigrants
and that war look guys I'm an artist
you know what I can do is use my
storytelling in my words and so it felt
to me the silkiness restaurant is is a
story about immigrants and it's about
when you go to the theater and you see
the story and you relate to these
characters it humanizes that experience
which we have dehumanized in our culture
today what's kind of interesting is that
when you first performed it 20 years ago
yeah the the play the storyline is
actually ageless yeah it's about as you
just indicated immigrants people coming
to America but now reprising the play
and having it on Broadway
there's one element in the air that I
don't think was present to the extent
that is now the fear right well that's
the thing you know back in in 1998 most
Americans didn't know what a Muslim was
in fact I have a joke about it in the
play and today there's been a lot of you
know I think after 9/11 Americans not
only know what Muslims are but Americans
have been told to fear Muslims many
Americans have and so I feel like this
again does a similar thing which is that
we haven't changed the text and we've
said it in the period that it was
written so it was in the late 90s and
it's it's a window into an America that
we don't live in right now and it
reminds us of who we are and why people
came here whether you're Muslim or
whether you know the Mexican or whatever
it is the fact that people come here for
a reason and what America represents to
so many people around the world or at
least used to art can reflect reality
yeah better than the news can yeah yeah
well there's a you know I mean I learned
this on The Daily Show for many years
you know we're using satire using comedy
we could often tell the truth in a way
that unfortunately you guys couldn't
know and so I I think artists and
you know writers storytellers have that
ability and so that's what I'm hoping we
can do with this and I just feel like
it's when I when I revisited my own play
I realized oh this is something that I
feel like I need right now you know I
need this kind of sense of the America
that I came to I mean I'm an immigrant
my family came to this country you know
and so there was a reason that we came
here and that reason feels very diluted
now I don't know what we don't what it
just feels like in the in today's
environment I don't think my parents
would have come to this country you know
we've got an entirely new audience who
can go check out what's really fun 20
years later you still fit in all the
costumes well to your personal thank you
and it's funny by the way don't forget
it's funny it is funny
the play is sakinah's restaurant it's at
the midday Minetta Lane Theatre the
Minetta Lane Theatre here in New York
always great to see you thank you so
much thanks for being here we'll be
right back with that morning job thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
