even in an era full of blatantly
political charades this one's laying on
it all was a little bit thick Donald
Trump's allies in Congress have
introduced a resolution calling for the
impeachment of Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosen Stein who happens to be
overseeing the Russia investigation and
Robert Muller predictably Democrats are
wholeheartedly against it but perhaps
surprisingly many Republicans are as
well House Speaker Paul Ryan said it was
Cavalier and this morning attorney
General Sessions reiterated his support
for Rosenstein my deputy rod Rosen Stein
is highly capable I have the highest
confidence in him you probably know not
only did he go to the Wharton School of
Business but I graduated from Harvard
right here in this area so what I would
like Congress to do is to focus on some
of the legal challenges that are out
there naming the colleges seemed to be a
message intended for an audience of one
we know Donald Trump likes fancy schools
Joyce is back with us along with Nick
Charlie and Jonathan here at let's put
up the articles of impeachment because
all you need is Google not even a
researcher to know that they're all BS
so here you go from the articles of
impeachment meadows in Jordan believe
that appointing the Special Counsel was
an impeachable offense in and of itself
basically rehashing an argument that's
not been rejected by two federal judges
choice the idea that it's an impeachable
offense to have appointed robert muller
seems to be not a good way to leave the
impression that this is at all remotely
serious right typically when you're
upholding your oath of office in the
best traditions of the Justice
Department and you appoint someone who
people is varied as Newt Gingrich and
Hillary Clinton approve of it's gonna be
awfully hard to make a case for
impeachment on that basis and then also
from the articles of impeachment they
write that mr. Rosen Stein's memo raises
fundamental concerns related to the
government's basis for alleging
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia and whether these allegations
resulted in potential crimes awarding
investigation
my understanding choices that collusion
in and of itself isn't a crime and that
the the entire mission stem from the
unanimous conclusion of the intelligence
community and law enforcement that
Russia meddled in our election why are
Republicans coming down on the other
side of getting to the
of what an American adversary did in our
democracy I keep wondering when this
fevered dream that Congress is suffering
from is going to break I mean you know
the primary mission here has always been
at a very serious level to deal with the
idea that Russia was interfering in our
elections and also to determine whether
or not the Trump campaign was involved
in that interference in any way
that's an American mission it's not a
partisan mission and it's still hard to
understand why Congress can't wrap its
mind around that the idea that they
would try to pin it on Rosen Stein of
all people this innocent third party not
involved in the campaign
the career DOJ employee who's trying to
get it right who's bent over backwards
to give them access to documents in a
way frankly that goes far beyond what
Congress is entitled to see this is a
ranked piece of political activity it
looks like it's going to fail and be
reduced to some sort of a censure motion
even that should should fail here this
is just inappropriate and purely
political Nick Hoffman sorry they also
we up one of their favorite attacks the
FISA application for Carter page which
was reauthorized four times when the
original surveillance proved fruitful to
the investigation what do you make of
the fact that they're now sort of
resorting to the bottom of the barrel
things that even some of the anchors on
Fox News has suggested have no
credibility look I think this document
is best understood as part of the
campaign platform for congressman
Jordan's campaign for speaker it's a
political document it's intended to win
the approval and support of the
president I think to signal where these
men stand on the great issue of the day
I don't think it will actually go to
anything beyond possibly censure as
Joyce was saying it's not a serious
document in a legal sense it's not a
fair and accurate reflection of the
facts of any of these matters it feels
like it's been dredged up from Twitter
and them and the comment boards on
Breitbart
but it will be effective as a political
document for certain people in the house
they also
blame Rosenstein for the application
which was submitted and approved by four
Republican four judges appointed by
Republicans six months before residence
time was on the job why do you think the
White House people like Don McGann and
John Kelly and Kellyanne Conway's
husband is prominent in respected in
legal circles why do they stay with a
full-on war being waged against rod
Rosen Stein first of all I think Nick's
read on that is exactly right I think
that this is a political document these
are allies of the President
who were trying to allow themselves with
him document is to Charlie's point forty
percent of the country believe it to be
true sure but this is this is it is yet
also it's the newest the latest
distraction it's uranium one
it's the Pakistani IT guy it's Hillary
Clinton's server it's just another
method to muddy the waters to throw to
throw something out there to confuse the
public to give them something to bat on
to get a new cycle or two and then move
on to your question about resignations
we just don't see that in this White
House at this point there's been perhaps
one resignation out of principle when
Gary cone over tariffs and he's of
course he'll stay during Charlotte it
would have taken a higher job he was
gonna who still come back for chief of
staff but this is something we've seen
time and again people have made the
decision to stay in this White House
they are not leaving because the
president's behavior you know what what
is yeah everything you said is right
about this the distraction what really
is striking about this is that this is
not just a hack job it is an
embarrassing hack job right it is filled
with factual errors it's legal argument
is laughable you would think that if in
fact they want even if they want to go
through the motions of doing something
like this you know they would come up
with something that is not this you know
just laugh out to the extent the Jim
Jordans reputation was and what he
certainly is a job whatever was left of
his reputation has been shredded even as
he launches this campaign Jack Cole - I
feel like you all have amnesia let's
remind everyone Jim Jordan is I wonder
why you won't give us what we've asked
for sir I certainly hope that your
colleagues are not under that impression
that is not accurate sir it is accurate
we have caught you high discrimination
we allow
answer your use of this to attack me
prided you son wrong made the witness be
permitted not to that's not personal I
appreciate your service it's not
personal we just want the information
since Joe and I appreciate your saying
isn't personal sometimes it feels that
way it's always personal we should also
note if you want to understand Jim
Jordan he's also under scrutiny for his
role as an assistant wrestling coach in
a massive sexy and growing sexual abuse
scandal we have a staff I mean isn't the
job if your boss is a moron isn't the
job of the staff to protect you from
going out in public and confirming the
truth I think it's worse than being a
moron I think it's being this is
disgracing what is amazing the the
Republicans in the and I guess they
covered her that's where we are
they're no happy to be debased in
servitude of Donald Trump well you know
he's correct it's not personal its
business as they say it's politics it is
it is not about Rosenstein they would
say the same thing about whoever was in
that job who had taken the same actions
it's about power
Nicole preserving power extending it and
protecting this president Joyce will you
just give us some sort of rope to grab
on to that we will be pulled out of this
upside down down the wrap-up is down
where Republicans attack a Republican
appointee who in any normal if any one
of the other 16 other Republicans have
prevailed rod Rosen Stein may have been
appointed to the same job but I'm
guessing the White House wouldn't
greenlight attacks on him from other
Republicans in Congress I think the good
news here is that this impeachment
document won't reach the floor of the
house for a vote there won't be a
serious effort to remove Rosen's dime
from his job to facilitate the White
House in doing that and everyone needs
to remember that not too far behind
these efforts to attack Rosenstein is an
attack on Bob Muller and attack on the
ongoing Russia investigation this is all
part of cowing to trump and trying to
bring that investigation down which I
guess takes us full circle back to
obstruction
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of
other great videos
