representative Kristi Noem have to call
her governor now that was a great win
Thank You Christy and joining us now a
member of the House Ways and Means
Committee Republican Kristi Noem of
South Dakota as the president was
alluding to she's also the Republican
nominee for governor in her state not
quite yet the governor
congresswoman good to have you with us
thanks for being here but many of your
Republican colleagues there in the
Congress have said about the tariffs
number one and the bailouts that is
simply not free trade that the farmers
in their states like Nebraska and Iowa
they don't want to bail out they want
the markets around the world to be open
to them would you say the same for your
farmers in South Dakota yeah our farmers
definitely want to do what they do best
and that is feed the world and so
opening up new markets is incredibly
important that's why the announcement
that was made in the Rose Garden
yesterday was so wonderful because it
shows that the president is going to
continue to negotiate opening up those
markets sending more soybeans to Europe
is having an impact on the markets today
and we need to continue and keep that
ball rolling and two other and more
markets going across the world so were
those tariffs a mistake then no I think
that honestly what the president is
doing is fighting for more fair trade
agreements you know we are in a
situation in agriculture that's a crisis
because we are coming out of four to
five years of record low commodity
prices so the reason that this fight
right now is so important is because we
need better agreements we need better
access and we need them to be fair so
that's why I appreciate that the
administration has come forward they've
given us some assistance and they've
also continued to stick to their guns
and make sure that they're going to
negotiate better agreements going
forward you know our farmers don't want
bailouts they do want to sell their
products and they want to be treated
fairly and the president understands
that but how about the tariffs
themselves before the bailouts we have
the tariffs how did your farmers feel
about the tariffs and did you agree with
those you know I was in the Cabinet Room
talking with the president yesterday and
he said clearly Christy I don't like
tariffs either but this is to bring
people to the table to have negotiations
to make sure that we're getting more
access to markets we have been treated
unfairly by China for decades this is
going to make sure that we deal with our
trade deficit that we have better access
to their markets our farmers and
ranchers understand that the president
is fighting for them they also
appreciate that USDA has come to the
table and has given them an opportunity
to have some assistance in the short
term but they say the long term goal is
to sell their products you know when
this is a national security issue and we
recommend and always talk about the fact
that for us to feed our own country is
incredibly important it's incredibly
important that we sell our market goods
to other countries as well because then
we create friendlier neighborhoods
across the globe it's interesting to
hear you say what the president told you
about tariffs because a couple of days
ago he wrote that tariffs are the
greatest is what he said about me but do
you find that that's a dangerous
negotiating tool to use tariffs to bring
somebody to the table because caught in
the crossfire of all that and losing
business and money are the farmers in
your state you know the best negotiator
we have is the President of the United
States he's doing an incredible job
fighting for our farmers there has been
some consequences to this recent trade
war we've been very aggressive in making
sure that the White House knows about
the consequences that we're dealing with
on the ground and our farmers and
ranchers are seeing lower market prices
and that could be devastating if it
continues in the long term that's why
they've responded with an aid package
but also we've clearly said this is not
a long-term solution we don't want aid
packages we want open markets and that's
what the president's goal is he clearly
delivered that to us in the Cabinet Room
yesterday that he wants to open up more
markets that for years we've had
administration's not fight this fight he
is determined to fight this fight and
win for America's farmers so I just want
to be clear so a little short-term pain
as a result of tariffs for farmers in
your state and others is okay as long as
it gets you to the goal of open markets
down the road and more free trade with
places like China and the EU no it's not
okay and that's why USDA has responded
with some help and have brought us to
the table and continue to listen to us I
talked about having a 15 ethanol markets
creating that opportunity to give us a
level playing field and access to
consumers I talked about yesterday that
this is a good win to sell more soybeans
into Europe we're going to continue to
open up new markets and look for more
opportunities to sell our commodities
across the
the president understands that and he
also recognizes the realities on the
ground that's my job is to continue to
carry that message to him congressman
good morning it's KC hunt it just to
follow up again on what Willie has been
talking about here to be very clear has
president Trump helped South Dakota
farmers our South Dakota farmers better
off today than they were before this
President took office you know President
Trump is fighting for South Dakota
farmers and yesterday they better off I
think I believe in the long run that we
will be in a better situation so she
recognizes right now a short fairly not
how unfairly we've been treated for
decades and access to markets our
farmers for years have been coming to
Capitol Hill and talking about how China
has not treated them fairly how they've
rejected their commodities how we
haven't had free and fair trade
agreements for years that's why we had
four to five years of record low
commodity prices going into this
administration today in the short term
they are better off today than they were
before this President took office know
we need we need much higher prices for
our commodities but this president
recognizes that we need to turn this
around and that is why I was grateful to
see USDA come forward and to give us
some opportunities to get through this
crisis and open up new markets that will
give us an opportunity to continue to
feed the world that's what we do best
and do you disagree with your Republican
colleague on the Senate side Ron Johnson
who called this bailout policy Soviet I
do disagree with that because what we
have seen consistently is that farm
policy is a national security policy we
decided years ago that it was important
that we grow our own food in this
country that it was important that
everyone be able to go to a grocery
store and be able to buy their food and
have a food policy that is affordable
for them and their families so I've
always looked at farm policy through
that viewpoint it's important we have
farmers across this country that are
diversified and can feed this country
but then feed those around the world and
do what we do best when we're trading
with company or countries across the
world
it's friendlier neighborhoods and
relationships that we build and so I
believe that the short term aid package
is helpful it's not a solution the
solution that we all want and that our
farmers want is access to markets and to
be treated fairly
and that hasn't happened in a long time
congresswoman eleven of your colleagues
in the house yesterday introduced
articles of impeachment for Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein you
agree with them you know I haven't read
that resolution yet and when you're
talking about impeachment
it certainly is important to know all of
the details so debates based on what you
know you know there's things that I have
disagreed with him strongly on and so
I'll continue to look at that resolution
and make sure that this is the right
approach if it came to a vote would you
vote yes
I'll read the resolution and then I'll
let you know do you think he's doing a
good job as Deputy Attorney General I've
been very disappointed in his
performance on many issues do you think
he has it out for the president you know
this is something that I've been focused
on trade and tax policy obviously as a
member of Ways and Means Committee we
all have our areas of expertise and
study of details and that is something
that I'll continue to look at and when
that decision time comes I'll make the
right one that's right for this country
all right congresswoman Kristi Noem of
South Dakota the nominee for governor
there as well thank you for your time
this morning we appreciate you thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
