joining us now national political
correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC and
the author of the red and the blue the
1990s and the birth of political
tribalism Steve Kornacki Steve good
morning good to see you so watching that
piece breaking news American voters are
free thinkers who don't know sometimes
they like Donald Trump in 2016 they
might like a Democratic candidate for
governor in 2018 yeah in the governor's
races if that is sort of one of the
exceptions sometimes to the polarization
I think of my state where I'm from
Massachusetts Charlie Baker is the
Republican governor there he's poised to
be the fifth Republican to win a
governor's race since 1994 in
massachusett
but you know what hasn't happened in
Massachusetts since 1994 a single
Republican winning a single race for the
House of Representatives so there's a
there's a big detachment often from what
happens in these governor's races and
these House races but it is interesting
in the Midwest there's a number of
opportunities for Democrats to pick up
in Iowa in Pennsylvania couple in
Michigan maybe one in Wisconsin will see
there but there are some opportunities
and the better the Democrats are doing
in these gubernatorial races two years
after the the Trump surprise of 2016 I
certainly can't hurt those Democratic
candidates so we had the debate last
night in Texas between senator Cruz and
better or work the polling has we've
been talking about for a couple of weeks
now drifting in Ted Cruz's favor for the
most part did better at work do anything
last night to close that gap a new CNN
poll yesterday has the spread at 7
points yeah my sense as I was watching
that debate last night it was it was
fairly entertaining but my sense is
people saw what they probably went into
it expecting to see and that's usually
what happens in these debates well it
struck me that better was a little
sharper than he has been which you know
usually is what happens when somebody
feels like in the stretch that they're
down a little bit in the polls him
repeating president Trump's lyin Ted
line is is kind of contrary to the sort
of happy-go-lucky skateboarding
campaigning in the rain beto that we've
come to know yeah you know Steve when
you look at the polls not just the
better or or Texas stuff what just sense
about the level of volatility in the
electorate yeah it's it's a couple
things first I feel it's changed over
the last three weeks and so that tells
us there is some volatility or three
weeks ago I think
the Democrats weren't just favored for
the house but I think three weeks ago
you're talking about potentially some
very significant gains there that a
significant majority for them I think
they're still favored to take the house
right now but the possibility this is a
much more narrow majority or even in a
doomsday scenario for them they they
fall short I think that's alive right
now because we've seen this Republican
energy increase over the last three
weeks now I think the the obvious point
there is if it's changed that way in
three weeks and there's still three
weeks to go until Election Day there's
the possibility that we're back were
three weeks ago come election day so how
much do you think is I mean the supposed
Cavanaugh R effect on Republicans or how
much is it just people going home to
their political right and I think that's
the cry was talking to one pollster who
was saying he was picking up at Murray
from Monmouth he said he was picking up
in his polls even before the Brett
Kavanaugh controversy what you're
talking about Republicans that the sort
of the the polarization lines of 2016
starting to really accelerate that did
it heighten that did it just sort of
drive that point home to voters i I
think that's possible that's still a
debate about what happened at the end of
2016 was it always going to end up
happening that way or was it the Comey
letter that catalyzed it I mean while
President Trump says he believes
Republicans would do well in the
midterms telling the AP quote look it
feels to me very much like 16 I was
going out and making speeches and I was
getting tens of thousands of people and
I said why am I going to lose now I'm
not sure that's right I'm not running I
mean there are many people that have
said to me I will never ever go and vote
in the midterms because you're not
running and I don't think you like
Congress well I do like Congress said
the president the president also says he
will not accept blame if Republicans
lose the house because he is helping the
candidates but he says he expects to get
credit if they win john lemare you
conducted that interview the president
just lays it all out something you don't
even have to read between the lines if
they lose not my fault if they work
nights it's all me this is a pretty
typical Trump construct right I'll take
the credit but none of the blame he was
very clear about this yesterday first of
all he is still bullish she thinks
Republicans do have a chance to maintain
control of both houses that when we
presented him that the White House
political operations in the end Trump
himself acknowledged that it will be
harder to do
so in the house he was very quick to say
well look I'm out there I'm helping
people
I'm energizing people I'm bringing tens
of thousands of people to these rallies
and that you know I'm doing my part
if we lose that's not my fault you know
that I'm out there doing everything I
can
there historical trends that work
against us as we know you know the the
party that controls the White House
often suffers losses in an off-year
elections he also struck and this is
sort of interesting and sort of defiant
note we we've talked a lot on this show
and others about what will happen if the
Democrats do control Congress even
earlier to this hour we saw it like well
you know they will have the power of the
subpoena they'll be able to start
kicking around and looking under the
under the hood if you will on his
finances on the Russia on em almonds and
things like that he basically said bring
it on like do what you need to do you
know and we'll do what we need to do
perhaps suggestion they won't cooperate
with these probes or just a extreme
amount of confidence that the Democrats
won't find anything wrong I think I
think what happened about a month ago or
so was that Trump in the people around
him decided that they needed to sort of
personalized and nationalize this
campaign I remember interviewing Steve
Bannon about this and he said you know
the only way that the Republicans in
Congress are gonna be able to actually
hold on to the houses is if they talk
about this race as a referendum on Trump
because you need to get those people who
are Trump voters who maybe weren't
participants in politics prior to 2016
to come back to the polls in 2018 so
well you see from Trump a lot more now
as he goes out on the stump he says I'm
not on the ballot by vote for so-and-so
as a vote for me oh you see Trump
surrogates gon be like we are gonna if
we don't win you will have chaos you
love impeachment
it'll just be disorder in Washington
because it's nationalizing in a way I
think that's been very effective in
terms of mobilizing Republicans the one
thing I will add is Democrats face an
incredible institutional advantage to
which is they could win you know 2% 4%
more of the popular vote and still not
get the majority of the House of
Representatives so they have to actually
score a fairly big victory on election
if they actually do want to take over
one of the chambers meanwhile Steve
before I let you go the money numbers
come in and a huge advantage for
Democrats in terms of fundraising ya
know I think it's one of those
emma-crats fall short of their
expectations you're not gonna be able to
blame I think the money say they have
the resources in these races beta
O'Rourke is that I saw he's raised I
think 62 million total for this
I remember I was covering New Jersey
politics at the time John Corzine a self
under shattered all previous records in
2000 went for the entire campaign he
raised 63 million
and here's Bay two Iraq with a month ago
62 million and you know it's big but
standard now I'm 38 just in the last
quarter NBC's Steve Kornacki the book is
the red and the blue thanks so much
thank you had to see you mica still
ahead Turkish officials have provided
NBC News with passport photos of the 15
person team they say travel to Istanbul
to kill Jamal khashoggi and according to
the New York Times several of them
worked for the Saudi government former
CIA director John Brennan will join us
to talk about the disappearance of The
Washington Post columnist and the US
response to the situation so far we'll
also be joined by The Washington Post's
Robert Costa and the Atlantic's Jeffrey
Goldberg Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
