did Michael Cohen betray you mr.
president did Michael Cohen betray you
mr. president are you worried about what
Michael Cohen is going to say to
prosecutors are you worried about what
is on the other tapes mr. president
Donald Trump's answer to each of those
questions today was thank you when he
was being bombarded by questions about
the tape of his conversation with
Michael Cohen as reporters were being
ushered out of the president's Oval
Office meeting with the President of the
European Commission and in classic Trump
White House style the CNN reporter who
yelled to those questions to the
president was banned from the
president's next appearance in the Rose
Garden where another CNN reporter was
allowed to cover that event for the
network but it didn't matter because the
president immediately turned and left
before reporters could even attempt to
shout their questions across the grass
if you are one of those people who
thinks that Donald Trump does not have a
good answer to any one of those
questions that were yelled at him today
you are not alone you are not alone
tonight if you believe stormy Daniels
story about her her having sex with
Donald Trump a few months after Donald
Trump's third wife gave birth to his
fifth child and you are not alone if you
believe former Playboy model Karen
McDougal
is telling the truth when she says she
had a year-long sexual affair with
Donald Trump around the same time if you
believe storming downs in Karen McDougal
you are part of an overwhelming majority
of the American people a CNN poll shows
that 63% of Americans believe they'll
women and only 21% believe that Donald
Trump did not have sex with those women
and that poll was taken before this week
and now those 21% who believe Donald
Trump might be a smaller number tonight
after 24 hours of exposure to the audio
recording of Donald Trump discussing how
to create a company specifically to make
payments to Karen McDougal to buy her
silence and prevent her from ever
telling her story of hurry
year of dating the married Donald Trump
now we don't know if First Lady Melania
Trump was in the 21 percent who believed
Donald Trump and we don't know if her
mind was changed by hearing her husband
talking to Michael Cohen on an audio
recording that made its worldwide debut
last night on what is reportedly Melania
Trump's favorite cable news network
under the headline Trump rages against
reality the New York Times reported
Monday night on the first couple's
recent trip overseas Melania Trump's
television aboard Air Force One was
tuned to CNN President Trump was not
pleased he raged at his staff for
violating a rule that the White House
entourage should begin each trip tuned
to Fox
that same New York Times report says the
White House is ordering additional
television equipment so that mr. and
mrs. Trump can watch the TV shows of
their choice while traveling the new
equipment is quote to make sure the
president and first lady could both
watch TV in their separate hotel rooms
when they travel now separate hotel
rooms might be an indicator of whether
Melania Trump believes that Donald Trump
had sexual adventures with at least two
other women
shortly after Melania Trump gave birth
but we have no idea what the first lady
of the United States actually thinks
about the President of the United States
being caught on tape discussing a payoff
to one of those women because the third
mrs. Trump has said absolutely nothing
about her husband today she has not
rushed to his defense she has not denied
creating tension for the president and
his staff on Air Force One by refusing
to watch Fox News no one who knows - all
Trump best is defending Donald Trump
tonight about what we heard on Michael
cones recording and that is always a
very important thing to watch watch for
when a politician is in sex scandal
trouble who's standing up and saying I
know Donald Trump and he would never do
that Donald Trump's three adult children
by the first mrs. Trump who spring to
his defense in every situation are
absolutely silent in the middle of Mike
Michael Cohen's tape crisis not one of
those adult children have
stepped forward and said I know my
father better than anyone including his
third wife and I can tell you my father
would never violate his marital vows
they can't say that of course because
their father publicly broke up with
their mother while having a very public
affair with the woman who was to become
the second mrs. Trump and so with a
public record like that it's hard to
believe anyone would accept Donald
Trump's denials of any extramarital
sexual affairs and it would seem among
the people least likely to believe
Donald Trump's denials are the three
mrs. trumps who know him so well and
that's the problem at the base of the
michael cohen tape story most people
believe that donald trump is guilty
guilty of having the sexual affairs that
he has been caught plotting to pay big
money to cover up no one in the Trump
family has ever said that they would
take a bullet for Donald Trump the only
person who has said that is Michael
Cohen and now Michael Cohen has decided
to unload his ammunition on Donald Trump
Michael Cohen decided to release that
audio last night through his lawyer
Lambie Davis and today Lanny Davis said
there's more there are more tapes of
Donald Trump there are certainly more
tapes that mr. Cohen has discussed that
he normally did in order to take notes
he used his telephone beyond that I'm
not going to comment and after that this
morning the President of the United
States tweeted what kind of a lawyer
would tape a client to which the only
reasonable reply is what kind of an
idiot would have a lawyer who would take
a client we've got the best people I
know the best people we're gonna use our
best people the best people the best
people I know guys that is so good here
again our Michael Cohen and Donald Trump
the best people discussing creating a
company in order to buy Karen McDougal
silence
I need to open up a company for the
transfer of all of that info regarding
our friend David you know so that I'm
gonna do that right away I've actually
come up probably and I just spoke into
Alan why sober about how to set the
whole thing up all the stuff because you
never know where that company never know
so I'm all over that and I spoke to Alan
about it when it comes time for the
financing which will be no no this
morning the Wall Street Journal reported
quote Michael Cohen been a top attorney
at the Trump Organization created
resolution consultants LLC on September
30th 2016 to purchase the rights to
Karen McDougal story which had been
bought by the publisher of the National
Inquirer a month earlier a person said
mr. Cohen's plan to use that company to
buy the rights to Ms mcdougal story
hasn't previously been reported mr.
Cohen referred to his plan to create a
company to buy her story in a September
2016 conversation with mr. Trump that he
secretly recorded and that was aired
Tuesday
by CNN leading off our discussion now
Jill wine banks former assistant warteg
eight special prosecutor Tim O'Brien as
well as he's the executive editor of
Bloomberg opinion and the author of
Trump Nation the art of being the Donald
also with us Emily Jane Fox senior
reporter for Vanity Fair and the author
of born Trump all three our MSNBC
computers and Emily you have good
Michael Cohen sources including Michael
Cohen himself so have you had chats with
Michael Cohen today about this I've
talked to people generally in in Cohen
worlds over the past couple of days okay
that's the way we will set the table
what why is Michael Cohen doing this I
think that there has been a tremendous
amount of frustration since these the
the recording was reported about on
Friday because he felt and people around
him felt like the narrative
was put out by Rudy Guiliani was
incorrect he felt like he was a sitting
duck who was having a story written
around him that was not true and he was
being kicked again for what he felt like
there was the millionth time by the
President and by people around the
president you know he has this belief
that there is a strategy in existence by
the president by people close to the
president including Giuliani including
Jared Kushner including Don jr. and that
strategy is to discredit and to distance
themselves from Michael Cohen so this
was just the tip of the iceberg where
they felt like having this recording out
there was just another attempt to
discredit Michael Cohen
especially because Giuliani had said on
the record that this tape was completely
exculpatory for the president that this
show that the president was completely
innocent that he didn't know about the
payments to ami and Michael Cohen felt
differently and so after three days of
endless news coverage about that tape
about that narrative that Giuliani had
put out he was tired of it and I think
he wanted to set the record straight by
putting out the record a you know does
this recording completely exonerate
either of them no does it raise more
questions to have this question yes but
I think that there was sort of a little
bit of a sigh of relief today in Cohen
worlds because if it felt like the
narrative had changed and perhaps
slightly more and go and thinking the
president's tweet this morning saying
what kind of a lawyer would tape a
client I think the general thought
process when something like that is said
at this point is if you want to kick me
I will kick you back and I'll kick you
ten times harder one of the amusements
of this particular round is watching how
carefully Emilie has to protect your
sources while telling us what she can
Jill why banks you listened to it what
Emily just told us about what we believe
is going through Michael Cohen's mind
imagine yourself as Michael cones
criminal defense lawyer in this FBI
investigation that he's in the middle of
right now where no charges have yet been
brought and he has also hired Lanny
Davis as a kind of public speaker for
the defense and Michael Cohen presents
to you basically these feelings that
that Emily's just revealed for us
what would you say to him as his
criminal defense lawyer as his defense
lawyer I would say cooperate completely
it is well believed that he knows a lot
not just about the payments to stormy
Daniels and Karen McDougal but other
wrongdoing by the President and he could
be the person who can explain exactly
what the words on that tape are did the
president say pay with cash or did he
say don't pay with cash that's the
debate that's going on now and while it
doesn't matter in terms of whether it
violates campaign finance laws it does
matter in terms of how it is perceived
and just like John Dean was the person
who could say what the words on the
tapes in the Oval Office meant and
exactly what they were saying so too
could Cohen because he was a participant
he taped the conversation so it's very
important that he'd be an open and
honest witness and that he behaved in
the same way that John Dean did so that
we can learn what the truth is and we
can't rely on transcripts any more than
we could when President Nixon tried to
use Stennis to provide transcripts of
the Oval Office tapes
yeah President Nixon tried to use a
senator involved in the investigation to
just say this is what we're on the tapes
just Emily quickly what we just heard
from Jill is that the legal advice as
far as you know that Michael Cohen is
getting to just general advice from
everyone close to him is just to look
out for yourself and Michael Cohen said
in an interview on the record with ABC
my loyalty is to my country and to my
family and I think that there's no one
in his orbit who was not saying that but
I will say that people familiar with his
thinking over the weekend have told me
that you know obviously he's been
leading more into her in that direction
but as Jill just made the point it's not
what is on the recording but it is the
backstory and Michael Cohen is able to
provide that backstory and as it was
relayed to me that backstory could be
very valuable and Tim wash Washington
Post reporting as Rachel just announced
at the beginning of the hour
a hundred tapes know that that's how at
so many tips they actually now have of
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump or Donald
Trump's businesses being discussed
issues involving Donald Trump being
discussed on a hundred Michael contacts
you know I would go back to the tweet
you reference on the top of the hour
when Trump tweeted what kind of a lawyer
tapes his client and I would answer that
a little differently than you I would
say the kind of a lawyer who tapes his
client is a lawyer who has a client
who's telling him that he's taping
everyone else and that's been Trump's
story forever when you as a reporter
would go into Trump's office he would
say you don't mind if I turn on my tape
recording system do you and he would
reach beneath his desk and pretend to
press a button
he told Jim Comey you say pretend to
press a button well I know in fact he
was pretending because we deposed him
later about this but you know he
threatened Jay instead of having the
recording device in plain view no no
with James Bond's it was very secret why
not just actually recording but I think
you know he would have had to pay to get
a system put it yeah that's money he
didn't want to spend but when we
litigated under deposition in December
of 2007 my attorney said to him mr.
Trump you've repeatedly said that you
had a recording system in your office
and that you recorded mr. O'Brian and
other reporters one why did you do that
and then two does it exist and he
immediately went to know it doesn't
exist because he knew we would be able
to get it during discovery but then he
said the reason I tell them I do with
those I need to scare them because
they're dishonorable people I don't
trust reporters they're bad people and I
knew if I said there was a I was
recording them they'd be on their best
behavior and I think that's the attitude
he took to most of the people who worked
for him and he certainly I think through
most of relation with Michael cone
treated him in a demeaning way so at
someone we'll of course Michael Kohn was
thinking all the time about insurance
policies and tape recording this guy was
one of them
what other incentives Emily would
Michael Cohen have for taping his client
you're suggesting Tim and the insurance
policy would be against some possible
criminal prosecution if the Trump
business crossed a line somewhere and
Mike
we'll be able to protect his side of
what he said or even if Trump was gonna
fire him and he and he just wanted were
threatened to fire him or whatever came
up in the course of the interactions it
was something that gave him a line of
defense for Michael Taunton that is a
big incentive I would say there's the
Lonny Davis had said in interviews and
in conversations I have with him that
this is the way that Michael Cohen takes
contemporaneous notes he doesn't like to
take notes in a notepad or a notebook
and so that these recordings were a way
for him to document conversations that
were important that he would need to
reference now Jill just as a lawyer
there's a lot of reasons why a lot of
people in a lot of occupations might
want to have a tape backup and there are
many many reasons why a lawyer would not
want to have a tape backup there are but
I think in this case the reason would be
that he was worried that at some point
he would be the fall guy for the
president that he was doing a lot of
things that were possibly skirting the
line or clearly illegal and that rather
than allowing the president at a later
point to say oh he did that on his own I
had nothing to do with it he wanted to
have the proof that he was carrying out
Trump's orders and that would protect
him in that way a final note Emily we
are always trying to impose a logic on
Trump world cowan world is it possible
that part of the whole Michael Cohen
taping is just really bad thinking
really messy idea and not really
thinking through why he's taping
anything it's possible right I think
there are certain conversations like
this conversation that it seems to me
and this is just me me talking to you
that that there is a reason why this
conversation in particular was recorded
it does not seem like an accident
that these specific things were brought
up in a conversation it was a recording
that was done in person it seems like a
fairly standard meeting between boss and
employee that this was brought up and
recorded is an interesting thing to note
I don't think that these recordings were
necessarily main acts
mentally we're gonna have to leave it
there for this break chill wine banks
Emily Jane Fox Tim O'Brien thank you all
for joining us tonight really appreciate
it thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
