Figg one tonight you may remember this
moment from the big Trump Putin press
conference last week when Vladimir Putin
gave President Trump a little gift
arisen Trump has just mentioned that
we've successfully concluded the world
football Cup speaking of the football
actually mr. president I'll give this
ball to you and now the ball is in your
court that's very nice that will go to
my son Barron we have no question in
fact Melania here you go
aside from the awkward weirdness of the
moment there was some questions whether
keeping the soccer ball was really good
idea
Senator Lindsey Graham tweeted if it
were me I checked the soccer ball for
listening devices and never allowed in
the White House hardy-har-har
and our Andrea Mitchell asked the
Director of National Intelligence about
it in Aspen is there a risk that the
soccer ball could have been why was that
a World Cup soccer ball or was that a
yeah we have ability to measure those
kinds of things yes don't worry the
government has the ability to measure
those kinds of things and so today we
have an answer the question was there an
electronic device embedded in that
soccer ball the answer is yes yes there
was now that's thing too in 60 seconds
so it turns out the soccer ball Vladimir
Putin gave President Trump the one Trump
then promptly threw to Melania did in
fact contain an electronic check but as
they say it's a feature not a Russian
bug if you take a close look at the ball
you'll see a logo with what looks like a
Wi-Fi symbol as you can see here from
the adidas website it matches the fifl
World Cup knockout official match ball
which is embedded with an NFC or near
field communication chip allowing you to
gain access to player videos and
different challenges related to the
tournament
aside from the fact I don't really need
Wi-Fi in my sporting balls is it
possible for a chip like that to be
hacked by the Russians
adidas declined to comment White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
assured us quote the security screening
process that is done for all gifts was
done to the soccer ball but she then
declined to say whether any
modifications to the ball had been
identified or where the ball would be
capped going forward hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
