the premiere of the beat with our email
verse starts right now
ari we are totally the first look
at previously secret documents Democrats
and Republicans are gonna want to talk
to mr. Trump jr. he is a man who carries
out orders that's important news about
that meeting ask oh man I'm super
jealous I think we've run out of coffee
boys here every time Saul gets invited
they just say that's the coffee boy are
you prepared to be held in contempt to
potentially go to jail no it's not
ridiculous ma'am the first person to
have outfit Donald Trump is a porn star
first of all Ari let me say Merry
Christmas to you we have to respect laws
gone that's it it's like dangling their
shiny object say here look at it any do
did that has a comb-over like that lies
to herself all the time for $1 to find
collusion
oh god it's when you collude you know
under the law that is an admission of
guilt I'm not a lawyer thank God if you
had to be on an island with one of your
current Senate colleagues it would be it
just like a bouquet of flowers how would
I pick one I'm here at the Schomburg
Center for research in black culture in
Harlem we can't let Trump play us off
against each other
there's not a woman in America who isn't
now reliving some experience we are in a
different place now in 2018 than we were
in 2016 we're shifting the blame and the
shame to the actual harassers I can't
tell you the effect that had on me it
was it was internal there is a saying in
television news of a hard turn oh I know
hard turn and luckily I can make one I
think you need to fall back and I give
you a guest
Oh Fat Joe it's about us it's about
trust is what I don't know you're not
chatting out bill kristol we don't know
you like that I'm speechless what can I
say I'm the original beatnik on your
show remember that is this real life is
this just fantasy but this is real life
yeah there you have it go fast enough
for this sec this time I think Chuck was
funnier oh come on stop it
we end the week Nancy with Bill Kristol
just burning me I want a hug like that
too
you're getting one next time I see you
the model of the White House seems to be
cash rules everything around me dollar
dollar bills there is a famous Kevin
gates song about having two phones one
for the plug and one for the load
there's nothing wrong with having a
blackberry right I know how do you know
we're talking about we run
tings kings now run we yes you in a
street like Sesame No finish the line if
that's your girl while you text me I
don't know if we should go that far
I don't know if you ever listen to
reggae or Peter Tosh he had a famous
song legalize it no this is the most Met
Gala the beat is that this is this is
not Met Gala drag this is casual this is
everyday drag it's dangerous for me to
even step into the political arena
poverty school nobody's school is that
we end all of our interviews
yeah Khalifa wants it like that once it
was drunk Sean Penn the novelist must be
stopped
you know you're popping when you have
more than one Knick Knack Kamala Harris
is almost I appreciate you spending some
time on the beach tonight thank you so
much thank you so on thank you
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our You Tube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
