functions misplaced and they all can be
found in the recipe did you want a
president Trump to win the election and
did you direct any of your officials to
help him do that that's a moment from
the joint news conference last week in
Helsinki between President Trump and
Vladimir Putin when Reuters reporter
Jeff Mason asked the Russian leader
whether he wanted Donald Trump to win
the 2016 presidential election but that
question is missing from the official
White House transcript and from the
video the White House has posted its own
version of that news conference on its
official YouTube channel and as was
pointed out in the Atlantic and last
night on MSNBC this White House version
differs from what we all just saw
options abound and they all can be found
in an appropriate legal framework and
did you direct any of your officials to
help him do that yes yes I did yes I did
it's an odd edit joining us now former
US ambassador to Russia now an NBC News
international affairs analyst Michael
McFaul yesterday Michael met with
president Trump's top Russia adviser
ambassador it's good to see Jon real
quick on that it's insidious but I say
but I say I because in some ways it
makes it worse because he because the
question was did he help you when the
did you move to help president trip win
the election and then they have Putin
saying yes yes I did
Putin was answering what he answered on
the real tape yes I wanted the president
to win but it makes it entirely unclear
question it says did you officials did
you direct officials to do anything to
do what yes it's exactly the thing that
president that gets President Trump
every time on this the fact that his
election might not be legitimate because
he could have been helped by President
Putin and therefore there's something
else going on again just to be clear
directive has to be clear there there is
no justification under any circumstance
for the White House to be putting out in
a fit a video of an event
happened and altering it in any way
whatsoever whether it's to their
interest or not to their interest
there's only one version of this reality
the question was asked and answer was
proffered that is the only version that
our white house should be putting out on
a YouTube channel or through any other
official government the mechanism or
medium that exists is it possible that
it's not legal for them to do that I
mean there are records laws I mean all
emails tweets everything has to be
archived not though I play a lawyer
occasionally on television I don't know
the answer to that although one would
think it would be illegal to do that and
if it's not illegal it should be so
ambassador McFaul let's talk about your
meeting yesterday obviously this comes
against the backdrop of the White House
saying Sarah Sanders from the lectern
there in the White House briefing room
that they were entertaining the idea put
forth by President Putin of making you
and others available for interviews in
some kind of a sham investigation in
Russia what did you learn in your
meeting yesterday well first of all
let's be clear what Putin was proposing
I think there's been some
misunderstanding about it it wasn't just
innocently a asking us to be interviewed
for some other criminal investigation it
was asking to interview us because they
considered us to be potential criminals
in an ongoing an investigation so they
were accusing being on the record of
being a suspected criminal for doing the
work I did while an Obama administration
official and it's so crazy that they
even got some of the facts wrong just so
you know they allegedly they it's what I
did in 2009 and 2010 at the State
Department in Moscow and just to be
clear in 2009 and 2010 I worked at the
White House and it should have been
batted down by the president's live TV
from Helsinki maybe he didn't understand
what President Putin was talking about
so let's you know let him have a retake
they then did a retake and and from the
you know from the White House they said
they're considering it and it was only
on the third take that they finally said
they're not considering to offering us
up for this interrogation though again
even in that third take they called it a
sincere gesture from Vladimir
and let's just be clear there was no
sincerity whatsoever in that gesture
either about us or about interview
allowing us to interview those GRU
military intelligence officials who of
course would lie just as they're trained
to do just like Vladimir Putin did
standing next to president from and the
president United States famously call
that a quote incredible offer the first
time he heard about it from Vladimir
Putin so what did you learn in your
White House meeting yesterday well so
I'm here in Washington to meet not just
with White House officials but other
members of the government I'm going
around to the State Department
Department of Justice I have many
meetings with members of Congress
senators and I have one message they can
they can tell you what they want about
the meeting here's my message that I'm
glad to share with anybody now that this
is no longer an offer thank you that
we're done with that but we're not done
with the possibility that the Russian
government will indict and convict me
and the other 11 US government officials
of a crime that of course we had nothing
to do with it was completely invented so
rather and if that happens then we all
have to worry about when we travel
abroad for a red notice to be put out by
Interpol asking for us to be arrested
and sent to Russia and that there are
cases of this most famously bill Browder
has been living with this for years but
he's not the only one that lives with it
I just talked to a senior Ukrainian
official the other day who reminded me
that they do this all the time with
Ukrainian citizens so I want my
government I want my president my
commander-in-chief to tell Vladimir
Putin under no circumstances should you
go after these American government
officials former and present and that
will have dangerous consequences for our
relationship I want them to preemptively
protect us so that we don't face that
kind of harassment ambassador Gene
Robinson here are they going to do that
are they going to keep you from being
effectively a prisoner within the
confines of
of the united states lest you be hauled
off to moscow i don't know i mean i you
know i want to remain hopeful about my
country this is not a democrat
republican thing this is a national
security issue by the way there's a very
senior a former official from the bush
administration on that list too and i
just i honestly can't understand it why
is it so hard for this administration
just to say on the record this is absurd
you cannot arrest our government
officials for doing their jobs because
if they don't say that it sounds it
sends a very dangerous message that our
diplomats that our military service
officers that are our intelligence
officers working abroad can somehow be
you know indicted and then prosecuted
for crazy crimes that of course we
didn't do so that is in the national
interest for them to do this it's not
just about me and not just in russia
right
and not just in russia correct it's
everybody's looking at this can mere
putin silence his critics that's what
this is about
i am crazy you guys know i've been on
your show I'm a pretty vocal critic of
what Vladimir people Vladimir Putin does
to his people at home and abroad and
this is an intimidation method and we
need to push back on it okay so
ambassador McFaul let's back up a bit
who by name did you meet with in the
White House and who by name did you
express your legitimate grievance to in
the White House and what my response did
you get well I it's in the public domain
they reported it not me where I met with
Fiona Hill the the senior person on
Russian affairs and I want to be clear I
have lots of other meetings and I'm
gonna let them read it out I don't you
know I'm not gonna report on my own case
I have a message that I'm bringing to
them and I want to I want the American
people to hear the same message so that
we have some action and again I want to
make I want to underscore this one more
time
this is not just about me this is about
the other eleven Americans on that list
and literally tens of thousands of
Americans who serve our country
Brod who could be prosecuted if we don't
push back on autocratic dictators who
use the law to intimidate us I know
you're gonna stay on this and we will
too ambassador michael mcfaul thanks for
your time as always for having still to
come this morning there were no
indictments from the Benghazi
investigation or the Clinton email Pro
but that didn't stop Attorney General
Jeff Sessions from repeating and
laughing along with the lock her up
chant yesterday with a group of high
school students we'll talk about that
ahead on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
