don't believe that crap you see from
these people to fake news I mean I saw a
piece on NBC today NBC it was heart
throbbing they were interviewing people
they probably go through 20 and then
they picked the one that sounds like the
worst but they went through a group of
people in fact I wanted to say I got to
do something about this Trump terrible
and that piece was done by the lobbyists
and by the people that they hire it was
a total setup that was President Trump
yesterday in Missouri seemingly
referring to a story we aired on Morning
Joe about the economic pressure American
farmers and producers are under because
of Trump's escalating tariffs here again
is that report from MSNBC's Vaughn
Hilliard a whole future is uncertain
right now American workers across the
country are bearing the brunt of the
Trump administration's growing trade war
it's a frustration we heard in the
lobster waters of Maine I feel like it
was a kick in the stomach or in Iowa
where pork and corn exports are
sidelined other countries will take up
that slack and will lose those markets
so for the long term maybe for good that
dread has reached the cranberry bogs of
Massachusetts we don't want to be
punished for just being from America the
market uncertainty stretches into
Kentucky's bourbon distilleries and
across the potato fields of Idaho that's
a sense of urgency right now we have the
crop in the ground and back here in
Nebraska soybeans well right now it's a
lot of pain that we're going through
third-generation family farmer Doug
Bartek hopes the president he voted for
will end this trade war every day that
these tariffs are going on is costing
farmers millions of dollars as producers
wait for Trump's exit strategy his chief
economic adviser says we're in a
stalemate with China the trade
negotiations are kind of stalled and the
president's hand-picked Fed chair is
warning these tactics could stunt
economic growth countries that have you
know going in a more protectionist
direction have done worse on Capitol
Hill we caught up with lawmakers from
Trump voting States calling for the
administration to pull back
understand what farmers and ranchers
want in need no the administration
doesn't understand I understand the
president's efforts but we are
processing there's not a senator who's
been over there that can come back and
tell you that had any earthly idea where
this is going but I can catastrophic and
now senators and both parties are
pressing for legislation to give
Congress approval power over these
tariffs I'm doing this to do the right
thing for our country
president Trump seemed set on going it
alone which frustrates lobster retailer
mark Merle in Portland Maine the
president said during his convention
speech back in 2016 that he alone could
fix it right yeah he's trying yeah and
that's the problem the alone part is the
permanent right he doesn't have the full
picture and he's making decisions
without really talking to enough people
and joining us now from Rapid City South
Dakota the correspondent in the field
behind that heart-throbbing story as the
president put it political reporter for
NBC News Vaughn Hilliard Vaughn
good morning it's good to see you again
this morning first of all was your piece
a set up by lobbyists and if so how did
you rope in all those Republican
senators to talk on camera well I guess
this is lobbyists didn't see much impact
on his own on his own bank account
Willie but these these are farmers that
we met out across rural America quite
frankly a lot of them are people that
you pick up the phone and you give a
call to and they said come on out we've
never even seen the press come to our
front doors before these are individuals
all those individuals you heard from
William that piece all voted for
President Trump and they said that today
they still have that hope in the
president that he is going to be able to
negotiate that better deal I said it's
now been four and a half months though
that this trade war has been going on
and they said perhaps they were a little
bit too confident with what the
president was going to be able to
actually be able to pull off but they
said in the meanwhile in this certain in
the certain situation there's a 12
billion dollar financial aid plan
essentially that was announced by the
administration by the US Department of
Agriculture yesterday which will go to
help a lot of these farmers pork
producers corn producers wheat cotton
farmers but there's also a lot of
farmers that are left out these are
individuals like the lobstermen that you
heard from
the fisheries that are up in the air
what about the bourbon distilleries out
in Kentucky and Tennessee there's a lot
of questions that are going forward that
are gonna have to be answered and it has
also not account that program for any
future retaliatory tariffs I talked to
Bob msf he's in Decorah Iowa he's a
longtime third-generation corn and pork
producer up in Decorah Iowa and he said
that well this program will be aiding
the likes of him and other farmers corn
producers he said that the big question
mark coming out of this is and I guess
the big consequence of this trade
standoff is the long term impact we're
talking about export markets they could
a lot of these farmers like Bob could
withstand the immediate financial impact
but it's where are other countries their
big export markets like those lobstermen
you heard from 20% of US lobsters go
over to seas into Asia so the question
is are those markets going to beginning
to turn elsewhere and ultimately people
like those lobstermen or like those corn
producers that have relied on those
export markets before those export
market is going to begin to turn to
other countries instead of american-made
products and a lot of these producers
saying we don't want bailouts we want
free trade we want to be open to those
markets a number of pro free-trade
Republicans are criticizing the
president's 12 billion dollar aid
package speaking with Politico yesterday
Republican Senator Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin said quote this is becoming
more and more like a Soviet type of
economy here Commissar is deciding who's
going to be granted waivers Commissar is
the administration figuring out how
they're gonna sprinkle around benefits
and here is senator Ben Sasse of
Nebraska
when you choose a war of choice which is
what this trade war is and then you say
afterwards let's just solve it by buying
people gold-plated crutches the farmers
and ranchers of America they don't want
to crunch
they weren't at work so noah rothman he
hit ben sasse was speaking again and
again on this yesterday and the day
before about this idea that the
president set up the problem with the
tariffs and his correction now is a
bailout for tariffs and it was senators
ats who said the farmers in my state of
nebraska don't want a bailout they want
free trade right and when these bailouts
are distributed it's more likely that
they're going to go to big agribusiness
not those really small farmers you know
sometimes you see flashes of the
Republican DNA the conservative right
and so one of the things that we're
going to start seeing now is the USDA is
appealing to this Depression era
commodity Credit Corporation to start
buying up surplus goods that they can't
sell a market so we're going to be
producing a lot of food that no one's
going to be eating that's gonna sit in a
pile in a rot that is incredibly
inefficient it's the sort of thing that
Republicans know in their marrow is
wrong is is is bad economic policy and
is something that they have opposed all
the way up until January 20th 2017 but
you know you can only go so far you
can't you can't directly oppose this
president because he is still so popular
with with the base of Republicans even
these people who are being so damaged by
these policies they still believe in
their hearts that this guy has their
best interests in mind all evidence to
the contrary notwithstanding you hear
them say that in these interviews with
Vaughan Hillier - they'll say if he only
had the information that we had he would
make a different decision I can I jump
in again and talk about this idea of a
Soviet economy which is that here in the
Financial Times we've been digging into
the bureaucratic headaches of actually
administrating some of these tariffs we
looked at steel 16,000 applications have
been made already 16,000 by American
businesses for exemptions just think
about that paperwork and so far they've
only got around looking at 500 of those
just think about what the bureaucrats
are going to have to deal with to
actually get through all this stuff then
think about what it's going to mean to
try to administer payouts to farmers and
for the uncertainty for American
companies it's huge in the steel sector
we talked to a company zaps precision
wire down in South Carolina it says that
its application for specialized worth a
windscreen why
has been accepted steel plates for
repairing broken bones have been
rejected
hmm why just think about the
practicalities of that and then imagine
what the farmers gonna have to face in
terms of a little bit by the way in a
rich Morning Joe tradition we like to
introduce our gifts after after they've
offered great insights as you just said
that's us managing editor the Financial
Times Gillian Tett she's with us
meanwhile the head of the European
Commission is scheduled to meet with the
president today ahead of that president
Trump tweeted yesterday countries that
have treated us unfairly on trade for
years are all coming to Washington
negotiate this should have taken place
many years ago but as the saying goes
better late than never Jill and what
should we expect today well it's gonna
be very interesting because in fact the
president is doing the same thing with
the president of European Commission as
he did with lady Merton which is
basically he's meeting him with other
aides for a bit he's also having a
15-minute private face-to-face meeting
now Younker who's coming from Europe is
not really empowered to offer very much
but this is a desperate last-ditch
attempt by the Europeans to do this kind
of face-to-face thing with the president
which they think is the only thing it's
going to work because they think he's
the only one really setting policy now
to try and you know had all these tarts
something that the American voters
should know about right now though is
Europe has already reacted to what the
Americans are doing right now on the
trade side by moving at lightning speed
to cut a new trade deal with Japan so
one of the very interesting things is
that the rest of the world is not
necessarily gonna sit there and wait for
this kind of negotiating strategy and
dance they're already trying to find
ways to bolster alliances with each
other to keep trade going
and by the way Yunker has been critical
of President Trump so it'll be an
interesting meeting between the two
personalities yeah very much so and it
comes on the heels of course of the
president's rather destabilizing visit
to Europe last week not just the baby
housing table I think it's been lost a
lot of it's been lost in because of the
aftermath of Helsinki but we haven't
prior to that his the visit to NATO what
he did in the UK the way he attacked
allies left to right I mean the calling
out Anna Merkel in Germany for the
pipeline and in in Russia the deal that
they made and that of course comes just
a few weeks after he ripped up the g7
and we're
used to sign the communique so a
question for you Vaughn you know if we
talk about these tariffs and such is
there in the people you've talked to and
we see that then they still support this
president do you have any sense as to
what that breaking point might be what
might be the thing that gets them to
finally give up their support for
someone that they have championed at
least at this point they still like
assume that they still believe in I
think Jonathan it comes down to the next
layers of politics and it's a question
of the obligation of governance because
one man after the the next there's a few
that have that have dropped out for
their support of the president but what
a constantly heard was would you let's
say the president was up here in 2018
despite soybeans dropping by 20% would
you still support him come this November
and they said at this point in time they
have every reason to believe that they
would and I said well what would you
need to hear from a Democrat and they
said that we would want to hear about
stability we would want to be able to
hear that our markets would be fought
for and they said that we feel like the
president to this day continues to fight
for us he's not getting the results that
we want but we see that he's out there
on the world stage fighting for Ag and
fighting for American farmers they still
wholeheartedly believe that in those so
that goes to the question and that's why
I think it's also good to talk to a lot
of farmers out there that have voted for
Hillary Clinton too because it comes
down to what that obligation of
governance is and once you are in
political office what is it ultimately
that you need to do in that position to
that point and as sorry as I see my
lights turn off here in these fields of
South Dakota a lot of these farmers are
frankly out here farmers are out here at
4 a.m. every morning is the point I want
to make and we've joined a lot of them
out here at 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning
and these are people as you guys said
they have their they have their crops
that are coming up we just being harvest
is now come this September and October
October corn is coming up they need a
place to send it and they don't want it
to just go to storage bins this is more
than more than a business this is their
livelihood and this is for towns all
across America what they rely on to
sustain themselves on Hill you're
powering through the darkness with its
great reporting from Rapid City South
Dakota Vaughn great job out there
looking forward to your next stuff
coming up thanks so much
Gillian before we go you mentioned that
trade deal that the EU struck with Japan
to what extent is Europe
turning away they'll never turn away
obviously completely for the United
States but but accepting that the
partner they have now in the United
States isn't as reliable as it's been
well Angela Merkel said before that they
realized increasing in Europe that they
can have to rely on themselves now the
problem is that Europe's own political
structures are pretty messed up frankly
so that's not that that's a really good
thing but there is a growing sense that
the entire world order is being set and
although America has played a key
leadership role in the post-world War
two global system the rest of the world
is realizing that that's not going to
continue and a big beneficiary of all of
it Lattimore Putin right Russia
Julian Ted Thanks it was always great to
see you still ahead this morning after
days of heated rhetoric and all-caps
tweeting president Trump now says he's
ready to make a deal with Iran we'll ask
a member of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee Chris Coons for his take on
that and more when we come back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
