house and a lot of reporting for you
this morning attorneys for President
Trump and Michael Cohen have verified a
2016 audiotape recorded by Trump's
former legal fixer and while the camps
are disputing who said what exactly they
agree on the subject of the conversation
then candidate Trump is heard discussing
a possible payment to purchase the story
rights of a former Playboy model Karen
McDougal about an affair she says she
had with Trump a decade earlier in which
the president denies all this in the
fall of 2016
Koen lawyer Lanny Davis released that
tape to CNN and while NBC cannot confirm
whether it's been edited or altered
here's what CNN played in its entirety
and a warning it does include a brief
profanity from then candidate Donald
Trump
maybe because of this would be better if
you didn't go you know
maybe because of this for that one you
know get rid of this because it's so
false with their second such a
I think I think this goes away quickly I
think what I think it's probably better
do the Johnson thing just this time yeah
in two weeks it's fine I think right now
it's it's better you know okay honey
you take care of yourself thanks Pam
yeah I'm proud to use it so long time
great Pol Pot away see you guys mr.
Scott 100 watt burns he we've talked him
I don't mean Bob burns can we use it you
just let me have a chance here tonight
we got served from the New York Times I
told you this was Ricardo must unseal
the divorce papers with Ivana
fighting it caplets is going never don't
ever be able they don't have any blood
they don't have a legitimate purpose
these over a woman that doesn't work
correct some in England yes and it's all
for about two or three weeks now you
have to do is delay influence even after
that it's not going to ever be opened
there's no there's no purpose for talked
about Charleston I need to open up a
company
or the transfer of all of that info
regarding our friend David you know so
that I couldn't do that right away I've
actually come up to me and I just spoken
to Alan weiselberger about how to set
the whole thing up with yes and it's all
the stuff all the stuff because here you
never know where that company you never
know what he so I'm all over that
and I spoke to Alan about it when it
comes time for the financing which will
be all right so we're gonna work through
exactly what you heard right there but
first the exclusive rights to
MacDougall's story we want to remind you
were purchased and never published for
$150,000 by the national Enquirer's
parent company american media whose
chairman david pecker and ally of the
president may be the man cohen is
referring to when he mentions our friend
david trump and MacDougal met at the
Playboy Mansion in June of 2006 three
months after Melania Trump gave birth to
Trump's youngest son according to The
New Yorker she continued to see him in
LA for several months after that and he
allegedly offered her money her 2016
contract with American media promised
her regular columns on aging and
wellness and two prominently feature her
on two of the company's magazine covers
when the Wall Street Journal reported
the payment four days before the
election Trump campaign spokeswoman hope
Hicks said quote we have no knowledge of
any of this let's bring in senior
reporter at Vanity Fair and NBC News and
MSNBC contributor Emily Jane Fox Emily
good morning you've been wired into
Michael Cohen's world for a very long
time in fact you were here yesterday
talking about a different piece of this
story just walk us through a little bit
of what we heard last night and how the
decision was made by Lanny Davis the
attorney for Michael Cohen and by
Michael Cohen to make it public well I
think the most interesting thing about
the tape is it is very clear that in the
height of the election President Trump
was clearly plugged in to all that
Michael Cohen was doing so whether that
was this payment made or the the talk of
the payment made to
I or something about his divorce papers
being unsealed or not being unsealed
what is clear is that the president knew
about everything that was going on and I
think that was a very calculated
strategy made by Michael Cohen and his
attorneys yesterday since Friday people
in Cohen world have been telling me that
the narrative that Rudy Giuliani had put
out about this leaked recording on
Friday was not accurate that that was
not the full story and that there is
much more to know when the transcript or
the recording would actually come out
now I don't think that anyone believed
it would come out so soon but what we
saw over the weekend was a lot of
growing frustration from Cohen and the
people around him this narrative they
believed was not accurate
people were really believing it and
Cohen believes that there is a
calculated strategy in the works from
people around to the president to
discredit him to make him look like he
had nothing to do with the president
that this is the decisions that he made
were made on his own and the President
had no idea and so watching cable news
all weekend watching cable news
yesterday the frustration continued to
mount and the President had waved
privileged for this recording and so I
think that there was sort of a well what
are we waiting for why not get the
narrative straight why not let the
questions that we have listening to the
recording be posed to the American
public and let them decide what they
think so Michael Schmidt is you listen
to that two minutes and 51 seconds that
we just played there the dispute seems
to be between Rudy Giuliani and Michael
Cohen's can't blame Davis of this
question of how the payment was being
discussed what does the term cash mean
did the president suggest they should
pay cash or was he saying don't pay cash
but at the end of the day you have two
men talking two months before the
presidential election about a payment we
should stipulate a payment that was
never made a payment to a former Playboy
model to keep her quiet
yeah the dispute is on this issue of the
payment and when we wrote on Friday
about the existence of this recording
Rudy said look this shows that the
president wanted it to be made in check
so it could be followed you know so it
could be aboveboard and he did not want
it to be paid with cash as you heard
from the audio it is not nearly that
clear but it
it's not nearly as clear as Cohen's
lawyers make it out to be where they say
it's completely clear that the president
wanted it to be paid in cash we do not
hear any of the audio right after the
point that it's initially discussed so
both sides making contradictory claims
about the tape the tape not being the
clearest we only have a small snippet of
what they were talking about at the end
of the day that's only really an issue
that's come up because of the claims
Giuliani made on Friday as he tried to
explain why the tape was not bad for the
president but ultimately as you point
out look this is something they were
talking about the president clearly knew
about it thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
