let's talk about alle the finances and
what Trump said today on Twitter for the
record I have no financial interests in
Saudi Arabia or Russia for that matter I
don't know why threw that in there any
suggestion that I have is just more fake
news of which there is plenty what's the
truth there the truth is that at 9:15
a.m. the president made my job a lot
easier today because that is about the
easiest tweet to prove hasn't he bragged
on the Apple he's talked about it he
talked about the the business that he
does with Saudis he says they do a lot
of business with me there are several
examples going back into the 90s with a
prince who has now had a falling-out
with the royal family but he was all the
way to Prince Halloween he got Donald
Trump out of a pickle by buying his
yacht he got him out of another pickle
for 325 million dollars by buying him
out of the plaza hotel the in 2000 in
front of remember the year the the Saudi
government not a prince associated with
them the Saudi government bought an
entire floor of one of Donald Trump's
buildings across the road from the
United Nation as one does as one does
that's just in the past in most recent
history both in New York and Washington
we've seen remarkable increases in
revenue for the Trump Hotel from the
Saudis who have come here to lobby they
spend more money on lobbying than pretty
much any other country and in his hotel
in Chicago 168 percent increase in
revenue rental revenue so the
president's enmeshed with the Saudis in
many ways now the technicality about
whether he has any businesses in Saudi
Arabia that doesn't exist I think in
2016 there were eight registered Trump
companies in Saudi Arabia all of which
were withdrawn by the end of 2016 so
maybe the tweet is talking about
something very specific and technical
but Donald Trump has more involvement
and is more in meshed with the Saudis
than any president in American history
take a half day go home early and will
you pout hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
