we're joined now in our discussion by
Democratic congressman Adam Schiff of
California he is the ranking member of
the House Intelligence Committee and
Carmen shifty you're here to talk about
other things we will get to some of
those but I need to get your reaction
tonight to what you've just heard the
President of the United States as a
candidate for president two months
before the election in a conversation
with his personal lawyer about creating
a company to make payments to silence a
woman who claims she had a one-year
relationship with Donald Trump well
Lawrence what leaps out at me as a
former prosecutor are a few things that
seem apparent the first is quite obvious
the President had knowledge that they
were going to be making these payments
so Giuliani's earlier claim was patently
false that the president didn't know
about this at the time clearly he has
knowledge he's not surprised at all when
this topic is brought up second it's
brought up in the context of things they
need to make go away until the election
so they talked about the divorce
proceedings and the president says well
we only need to make that go away for
four weeks and Cohen says well don't
worry it'll go away for longer than that
and that's the context in which this has
brought up so it's an effort to
basically prevent voters from getting
this information and that's important as
to the issue of was this a campaign
expenditure and then finally I would say
on the issue of an expenditure for the
campaign the whole purpose of setting up
this this company to make this payment
is to conceal the payment so to me
whether it's cash or cheque is less
material than the fact they're using
this organizational structure to hide
the payment if they were planning on
reporting it as a campaign expenditure
there'd be no need to set up that
company so to me as a prosecutor foreign
prosecutor I'd say you have evidence of
knowledge you have evidence of an intent
to violate the campaign laws you have
evidence that this was about concealing
information for campaign purpose so
that's how I think that the the
prosecutors would look at this and to
add some campaign context to the
discussion that we hear on this tape it
begins Michael Cohen's portion of the
tape begins with him
talking about poll numbers in the
presidential campaign he opens it up as
a campaign discussion the next thing he
talks about is troubling information
that the New York Times is trying to
obtain about president Trump's first
divorce his first divorce from his first
wife president said and they talk about
how we only have to get by the next two
months with this that same timing issue
was present in the discussion about the
president's first divorce and so there
seems to be a very clear campaign focus
in this conversation I think that is
abundantly clear and I also think you
know in terms of who brings up cash this
is Giuliani trying to get out ahead of
this very damaging tape by
characterizing it or trying to create a
doubt in the public mind whereas if
people just heard that tape without his
preview there wouldn't be any question
that it's Donald Trump who at least
appears on this tape to be suggesting
that they make the payment in cash what
does this do to complicate the
president's position in in considering
an interview with Robert Mahler well I I
don't I think this really has that much
bearing on that question I think that
the president's legal team has already
concluded there's no way they're gonna
put him in front of someone where if he
lies he could be held criminally liable
they just can't have any confidence that
he could get through a whole interview
without making false statements
particularly on the subject of Russia or
obstruction of justice so we see this
moving playing field with Giuliani
saying well first we need this to put
them before you for an interview then we
do that the most latest preposterous
proposal is we'll let you ask about
collusion but not about obstruction
we'll let you ask him questions that he
can only answer no collusion no
collusion no collusion but beyond that
that's the the length of breadth of what
we're willing to submit the bottom line
is if Muller wants to interview him he
needs to issue a subpoena that's the
only way that's going to happen and what
would you what would you expect to
happen next if Robert Muller knows that
the president is never going to actually
in a cooperative way sit down for an
interview which I assume by now he's
figured out he's seen the Giuliani game
can played as far as it can go
what do you how did how does the permit
law and make the tactical decision of do
i subpoena this present well look I
think that the mole team has probably
concluded and I think they would be
right if they do subpoena him they win
that court case but it takes time and
the White House view and they may not be
wrong about this is time is working on
their side the longer they can draw this
out while appearing to blame Muller for
it
the longer in the public mind the Russia
investigation has been going on and the
more appetite there is for the
president's argument it's time to bring
this to an end so Muller is in a way
fighting the clock and is he prepared to
use up the amount of time it would take
to litigate this how much value does he
think he would get from that
presidential interview I assume that's
what he's debating there was a finite
number of witnesses on the obstruction
issue and by now I would imagine Muller
has interviewed almost all of them it's
not like the conspiracy or collusion
issue in which there are witnesses all
over the globe this is a discrete number
and I think the decision that he's
trying to make is is this something we
want to try to present to the Justice
Department in the next month prior to
the the blackout period or are we
prepared to litigate this and push it
until after the election one final point
on the subpoena question you said that
Robert Muller has every reason to
believe that if he issues the subpoena
he wins after the president appeals the
the issuance of the subpoena that appeal
could conceivably go to what would be a
Supreme Court where there are two Trump
justices would would a prosecutor today
be as confident of winning with a
supreme court that could include justice
Cavanaugh well there certainly be reason
for more concern than there should be
you know the precedent I think is fairly
clear but you have someone who's been
very outspoken that is Cavanaugh about
presidential power about how presidents
should not be subject of investigation
or prosecution while they're in office
someone who's talked about over
turning the very precedence that we're
talking about so you know it certainly
seems very realistic to imagine that
this is why Donald Trump picked this
judge of all of the candidates that the
Federalist Society put forward
he picked the one most likely to rule in
his favor in any dispute between he and
the special counsel should it get to the
Supreme Court but I still think he wins
that is special counsel wins if this is
ghost litigation because the precedent
is simply too clear congressman Adam
Schiff thank you very much for joining
our breaking news coverage tonight
really appreciate it thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
