the Trump administration appears to have
kidnapped the children of as many as 463
immigrant parents and I do not use that
word kidnap lightly new data showing
that possibly as many as four hundred
and sixty-three immigrant parents whose
children were taken from them at the
border may already have been deported
without getting their children back the
government by court order must reunite
reunify immigrant families by a Thursday
deadline but here's the thing the Trump
administration is arguing in court that
those deported parents have lost the
right to reunite with their children
here to help me understand all this
MSNBC's Jacob Soboroff has been
reporting on these separations all
summer and former Democratic
congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman last
week quit a homeland security advisory
council writing about family separation
quote this is child kidnapping plain and
simple let me start with you you listen
the status conference you've got this
lawsuit judge orders reunification two
categories that under five kids now are
you're dealing with a much bigger set of
twenty five hundred kids between five
and seventeen what's going on it's
actually pretty remarkable to listen to
the judge on these status conferences
say you know how Quantico deeply
troubling the government's role has been
here and there needs to be an accounting
so that's what they're trying to do
they're trying to put the pieces back
together for these two thousand five
hundred and fifty one kids right now
that again reminder forcibly separated
didn't have to be this way we didn't
even need to be having this conversation
at all
sixteen hundred of them are eligible for
reunification 1607 and and the
government says they're on track to do
that by Thursday at the deadline the
catch is they said today fifty-five
percent of those people that are
eligible for reunification are slated to
be deported they have what are called
final orders of removal nine hundred of
those people so okay I want to make just
make clear so you got twenty five
hundred people right so let's put aside
about sixty hundred of those they're
saying we're gonna reunify very eligible
talk about where those other people are
they're eligible we're gonna reunify
them
half we're gonna reunify it and say get
the heck up you're out of here and the
ACLU is just scrambling right now what
they announced tonight legal article
you've talked too many times was saying
that they think that's seven hundred of
them or whatever the remaining group is
are all going to be reunited at one
place the Karen's Center in South Texas
at one time over the course of the next
few days ACLU is basically begging the
judge for seven days between the time
those
patience happen in any potential
deportations to get them legal counsel
so that they can argue their stay in the
United States exactly and a government
saying we don't want that to have okay
then I want to come back to you about
what they're doing with these other ones
our parents reported you wrote this
letter you said it's child kidnapping
and I can't be on this Advisory Council
why did you use that word because that's
what it is because the government had
taken parents children deliberately away
from parents toddlers kids who are
breastfeeding young children and taking
them away deliberately this is for the
purpose of deterring other people from
come from coming it's cruel it's inhuman
it's depraved and they did it in a way
so that they weren't prepared for family
reunification at all in fact if this
only happened because ACLU intervene
report is reported about it but the
government just didn't care about
reunifying these children if you take
children for parents with that due
process its kidnapping in my view and
under the law okay so this now gets us
to this part that aren't eligible this
is this is really I have a hard time
processing this it's pretty mind-blowing
they're saying that 900 or so of these
kids 917 yeah they're not eligible and
of that some big chunk of them are
ineligible to be reunified because
whoops we already deported your parents
and so if any of them are gonna have a
chance to stay in the United States
first of all they don't none of those
have to be reunited by Thursday that's
the big carve out so the government
could say we were successful if the
16:07 were united by Thursday piecemeal
number one by one they sell you has to
basically request and get information
and then go through the cases 463 of the
917 the government admitted tonight may
have already been deported before this
court case basically mandated that you
had to keep these families together and
there had to be a process to work this
out so if you're gone you had there is
no reunification process your God is
this depraved or what that's what I
called it I said not only child
kidnapping but this is depraved
government officials have no right to
take children from parents no right
unless a court orders it for some reason
of danger to the child I mean if you
take someone and you send them back to
Guatemala or Honduras or El Salvador
you have them what's the plant you were
just gonna take they didn't care these
are not human these children aren't
human
they're the wrong color and the parents
aren't human they're the wrong color
that's what this country has come to
what's under this president and this is
horrifying I couldn't be on this
commission anymore I couldn't be on an
advisory council
I could there's nothing to say to a
human being who wants deliberately to
take a child away from a parent and has
done it and is refusing to return the
child to the parent it's hard not to
feel that way you know we were talking
before the show that you know I got to
go inside the facility of McAllen and
see the kids and the cages on the floor
and it ended it and it's truly sickening
and when you hear about the fact that
those 463 parents that are now outside
the country their only recourse is to
basically go to their consulate in their
home country and say whoops I think I
might have been deported mistakenly
because I got an old form there's a new
form now that's given out post this case
the basic says you have more rights than
you might have gotten on that original
form and that's proper they say yeah I
go to counseling basically beg say I
made a mistake on my form one other
thing you wrote in here you said as the
author of the refugee act of 1980 along
the Senator Ted Kennedy I believe the
treatment of refugees by you and
president Trump violates that law and
our treaty obligations to refugees what
do you mean many of these people are
coming in and claiming asylum this is a
penalty for claiming asylum to take your
child US government has no right to do
that under our treaties and I just got
you are they supposed to treat them in a
human humane way and allow them to make
their application to a court and let the
Court decide whether they're here
legally or not and that's part of the
bigger picture here past just child
separation is what's being done to both
Asylum and refugee law Jacob Soboroff
and Elizabeth Holtzman thank you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
