polls show a majority of Americans
disapprove of Donald Trump's performance
as president while Republicans are more
loyal to him right now than any
president's own party unity since the
GOP rallied around Bush after 9/11 my
next guest worked many Republican
campaigns but opposes Trump's policies
and left the party over them that's
political strategist Steve Schmidt who
joins me in a moment now Donald Trump
not only polarized his people's feelings
he polarizes the very perception of
reality out there and he knows it
consider Trump today in Kansas City
warning people if they don't see the
economy improving with their own eyes
it's because what they see is not real
this country is doing better than it's
ever done before economically but it's
all working out and just remember what
you're seeing and what you're reading is
not what's happening while many
politicians of course cherry-pick
information Trump's blatant requests
that people ignore their own eyes could
literally be ripped from George Orwell's
famous dystopian novel 1984 which cast
partisan censorship of truth as the
party told you to reject the evidence of
your eyes and ears now liberals have
long attacked Trump as bad for working
people a conman who ran on populism but
governed for the one-percent kind of a
policy thief another critique is that
Trump is actually challenging something
more valuable than property our sense of
reality itself consider another
dystopian writer Curtis Jackson who said
hate a liar more than I hate a thief a
thief is only after my salary a liar is
after my reality in fact in that same
song there is another axiom quote here's
a jewel love your enemies and hate your
friends your enemies remain the same
friends always change and some of the
friends who know Trump best are changing
Michael Cohen Rick Gates Mike Flynn
meanwhile Trump's wider cast of
political friends if you want to call
them that Republicans who've never met
him around the country they're standing
strong tonight and appear down with his
reality I'm joined by Steve Schmidt
Steve what do you think Trump is doing
and is he aware to some degree that
denying the publicly reported reality is
key to his re-election of course all
right you talked about 1984 there's the
famous scene at the end of the book
where Winston is being tortured and the
party official is holding up four
fingers and says to Winston how many
fingers am i holding up in Winston being
tortured in tears says I only see four I
see four and the party official says it
could be three or it could be five it's
what the party tells you it is and so
it's not just that Trump is assaulting
objective truth this is a political
strategy this is about a demand for
obedience this is the transformation of
a smaller Republican Party into a cult
of personality where what the leader
says is true is true what the leader
feels to be true is true and if you can
subordinate reality at the command of a
political leader you are no longer
functionally living in a democracy
whether it's inside the United States or
not for a faction of this country they
have surrendered their sovereignty their
intellectual autonomy to Donald Trump
now I'm not a psychiatrist I'm not a
psychologist I can't explain why if you
were to join a cult why he would be the
cult leader that you would line up and
follow but that being said though when
you're able to convince somebody what is
certainly true is not when you can
embrace the big lie with the same type
of effectiveness that fascist movements
used it that Hitler used it that muscle
Eenie used it that Soviets used it then
you are well on your way to doing grave
and lasting damage to the fundamental
institutional pillars of a democratic
republic like the United States and this
president does not stand accused of the
conduct of some of those regimes but
with regard to the information there the
propaganda efforts this seems to be
where a Trump's approach and his
since the things that are true are false
relates to the way he's allegedly
abusing the powers of the executive to
control who has access to information to
legitimize who can speak about national
security and who can't which dovetails
back with the security clearance story
for your reaction take a look at Sarah
Sanders on that is Russia still
targeting the US mr. president so to
speak with the president after his
comments and the president was said
thank you very much and was saying no to
answering questions the president is
exploring these mechanisms to Raziel
remove security clearance because
they've politicized and in some cases
actually monetized their public service
and their security cleanse clearances
and making baseless accusations of
improper contact with Russia or being
influenced by Russia against the
president is extremely inappropriate
Steve it's not just that there's no
other spokesperson for the executive
seat of power and a Democratic Republic
anywhere in the world where you see that
type of lying it's that there has never
been a spokesperson for the executive
seat in power who is such a prolific
liar as Sarah Sanders she is straight
out of Baghdad Bob it's truly remarkable
the magnitude of her daily her daily
lying but look this is all part of a
political strategy and I've talked about
it before Trump uses mass rallies and
constant lying to incite fervor in a
political base to he scapegoats minority
populations and cast them to be blamed
for every problem in the world three he
allows for his supporters to feel
victimized to feel victimized by the
scapegoated populations everyone is a
victim in Trump nation by designed it's
part of the fuel the last thing is the
conspiracy the coordination of the
conspiracy between the deep state the
nefarious
sources the people when he talked about
for example clapper someone got to him
yesterday and then lastly the assertion
that Trump is above the law by Trump
himself that Trump defines what his
reality that Trump defines what's truth
and that Trump asserts heretofore on
unassertive powers for the executive in
the United States that have never been
asserted in history before these five
things are happening they're happening
on a daily basis the assault on the
press on the free media we still have a
First Amendment in this country but he
is as hostile to the free media as any
president has ever been and any
president could conceivably be in the
United States and so all of these things
together are not isolated it's part of a
pattern it's part of a strategy and it's
going to do grave damage to American
democracy and this is a moment in time
where Republican leaders who have been
complicit have been silent have been
cowardice or called on to defend the
institutions not of conservatism not of
the small-l liberalism that the
Democratic Party embraces but the
fundamental pillars of a liberal
democratic society which he is weakening
every day right and that's the
connection as you draw it between the
assault on facts the potential abuse of
government power and the undermining of
the rule of law of course it is law that
ultimately is the way we adjudicate
certain factual debates in this country
all of those things happening together
Steve Schmidt thank you so much for
joining the beat tonight hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
