Speaker Paul Ryan has found many
different ways to downplay things Donald
Trump says and does here he is
responding to the plan to potentially
cut off Intel the veterans who've
criticized Trump I think he's trolling
people honestly this is something that's
in the purview of the executive branch I
think some of these people already lost
their clearances some people keep their
clearances that's something that the
executive branch deals with it's not
really in our purview the Banana
Republic comments that some of their
people do I by Christina Greer a fellow
at NYU's McKellar Institute Howard Dean
former governor of Vermont in DNC chair
in the Atlantic's Natasha Bertrand
governor it is in the executives purview
like so many executive activities and
the question is whether it's any good as
an idea or not whether it's appropriate
and speaker Ryan apparently thinks
calling it trolling means it's okay or
he doesn't have to deal with it well I
think speaker Ryan more or less signed
out quite some time ago so I don't put a
lot of credence in what he says he's
just playing around I don't think it's a
good idea to withdraw people's cape
capable people's security clearance
Trump him talked about removing Comey
and McCabe's security clearance has
already been removed which of course you
would expect him not to know cuz he
doesn't care the residence is just
political nonsense and it's you know
it's vindictive and it's stupid and it's
bad for the country just like Trump's
presidency yeah Cristina take a listen
to Senator corker comments that
reverberate it they were referenced in
that clip and referenced earlier in the
show by a Senator Warner here they are
now I can't even believe that somebody
at the White House bought up something
like this I mean when you're gonna start
taking retribution against people who
are your political enemies in this
manner that's kind of thing that happens
in Venezuela it's a banana republic kind
of thing I don't disagree I mean we know
that Trump is trying to be an
authoritarian president we've seen him
ruin relationships with our allies we
see that he admires do territory from
philippines putin kim jeong-hoon i mean
these are not people
who are known to respect the media or
their citizenry so this is a president
who likes lackeys and minions and they
come to him with you know listen there's
nothing more dangerous than an insecure
man okay we should be very scared
because our president is highly insecure
so people come to him every day and
every evening before he starts his rage
tweeting at night and before he wakes up
in the morning and starts it at 6:00
a.m. and they say well here's another
way that we can get back at the
Democrats or here's another way that we
can get back at Obama or Hillary Clinton
because he's still tweets about them
whenever I get a basis and so what is
really dangerous though is that the
Republican Party in Congress is not
doing its job it's mandated by the
framers in the Constitution to serve as
a check on a president who the
institution of the presidency has slowly
expanded over time since George
Washington till Donald Trump that's not
Donald Trump's fault per se but as the
bureaucracy of the presidency have
expanded the president has become more
more powerful the difference is he's no
longer looking to Congress as a
relationship the way Obama and even
George Bush did this is a man who sees
himself as an authoritarian keep in mind
when he had his businesses he never had
a board of advisors or a Board of
Trustees it's always been him in charge
and because he likes this idea that he
is the big man around the world even
though Singapore was failure he'll think
he was a failure
I mean he's not getting anything but as
long as his supporters feel as though
he's the strong authoritarian he'll
still keep throwing things into the
median but we'll keep talking about what
you're saying though is a lot of this
comes back to what is the accountability
of everyone else I mean Natasha you
could go to a party and you don't know
what's gonna happen there and then
people start robbing the house they take
the TV they take the chandelier they
take the candlesticks at a certain point
if you stay there even if you don't take
any candlesticks you start to become
part of the group robbery I mean you
you're standing by you're a party to it
rather than doing something whether
that's leaving or getting help or
whatever and so you think about that
take a look at the Attorney General
United States not a political figure not
a candidate the current Attorney General
all of this coming in the same week the
same mood
here here he was today
well what's our RAM a rat I heard that a
long time over the last campaign speak
to them the main lining of this those
are high schools to it look peer
pressure is strong but those are high
school students the Attorney General
needs to be able to stand up to drug
lords and foreign dictators and high
school peer pressure right the Attorney
General really could have used this as a
teaching moment perhaps to be the mature
one in the room but this is an example
of how the boundaries of what has what
is normal have just expanded so much and
of course Paul Ryan saying that the
president was just trolling people by
suggesting that he's going to revoke
these former high level Intel analyst
security officials clearances is a
perfect example of that as well I mean
we already saw just a few hours ago
Hogan get Lee one of the White House
press people said that the president has
already begun the process of revoking
these security clearances so this is not
a joke this is not just him trolling
this is not just a distraction and the
slow process of desensitization to the
president's outrageous behavior that is
just so outside the norms of any
previous past president has really
eroded people's ability to to
distinguish between what is what is
normal and what is just and what is fair
and what isn't and the idea that he
would revoke their security clearances
the idea that the Attorney General would
laugh and say that Hillary Clinton
should be locked up along along with
these students it's just it's it's it's
the perfect example of that and of
course this is a tool that's going to be
used now to allow the president to say
well if I could revoke these people's
security clearances what else can I do
it's just it's a slippery slope and Paul
Ryan saying that he's just trolling
people well he's in for a wake-up call
because the president is already looking
at how to do this I mean I couldn't
agree more this is the president also
who's testing the boundaries of
citizenship right not just his quote
unquote illegals I mean he's he's now
actively trying to go after people who
were green cars or people have been
processed as citizens I mean so he is
opening up a Pandora's box where his
party is just sitting there saying oh
there's nothing to see here there's
nothing to worry about but we are in a
crisis right and I
the norms that we have become so
accustomed to and have quite honestly
taken for granted because we thought
that they were part of an institutional
structure and they're not and so Trump
is actually exposing just how tenuous
our democracy actually is because
institutions are made of people I mean
people are the ones who actually
fundamentally control and lead and guide
what she should be and the Howard Dean
take us inside the mind of a grizzled
political veteran in Congress who's 60
or 70 or 75 if this is more or less your
last chapter of career maybe not of life
people live very long but you know
you're not at the beginning of your
career why do you think there is so much
fear and such an inability of anyone who
is an active Republican to deal at all
with this I think this is the tragedy
for our country what Trump is an
unmatched is not his own lunacy and his
authoritarianism certainly he's had that
for a long time what's been on mass
tears a failure of the country
especially the Republican Party to stand
up for America the the the the that was
correct the statement that the framers
tried to set up something that wasn't
going to happen but it relied on
individuals to stand up for what they
believed was right about America the
Republicans of a uniformly refused to do
that
this man needs to leave office and the
Democrats can't do a thing about that
and even if we win both the House and
the Senate in the fall we can't do
anything about it because you need 2/3
of the votes of the Senate to get rid of
them we can't do it without Republicans
when dick Nixon cheated the people and
lied to their face about a two-bit
burglary the Republicans went to him and
said mr. president you have to leave
office there is no courage of any kind
in the Republican Party today and that a
country depends on their courage hey i'm
ari melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our youtube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
