example of how through all this
Republican members of Congress have
largely stood by this president as the
Washington Post editorial board writes
from some combination of fear coercion
and willing appeasement members of
president Trump's party who should know
better debase themselves in service of
his petty whims meanwhile White House
spokesman said tonight that the
president's begun the mechanism to
remove security clearances from the
individuals name yesterday David Gordon
I think why can't somebody who's on the
left right and center had the same
rights why can't the critic of the
president of the same rights as an ex
spook and excess intelligence official
as somebody who's out there kissing his
butt all date it's the same government a
little freedom what hell I think we need
to take a deep breath here because the
amount of kind of never taking I know
you don't but you would want the amount
of crazy that we've seen just today
we've come normalized to Trump craziness
and today it's gone from 11 to 12 to 13
to 15 in terms of the level of nuts I
mean he he has now said Russia does
metal but for the Democrats I mean the
complete flip then there's some it was a
hoax now it's not as I will make up a
hoax it's completely it doesn't have a
sense of logic it's lying and then when
you have Paul Ryan saying it's just
trolling well no it's not just trolling
they aren't doing this so you have a
liar an autocrat someone who talks as if
he's delusional all at once and they and
trying to distract us from the big
picture what he did with Putin what's
happening with the investigation the
failure of the tariff war it's all about
him dangling this craziness in front
okay that's good let's examine that word
I'll get to you Mitch because you got to
be completely straight which everybody
is in their own way I must say let me
get back to Susan Tupper Co because
there is a even internal logic problem
he says repeatedly that President Obama
who he has a problem with his legacy
continued to cover-up for Russian
meddling in the campaign he accused him
that and he also says it's a hoax to say
that was meddling so it was what was it
bomber actually accused of in that
context that covering up what didn't
happen
I mean if you're a total Trump II don't
you have a fine
from following it what do you saying
there's no logic to a Kris that's what's
so frustrating and let's not forget the
first person to talk about rigged
elections was Donald Trump in the fall
of 2016 just to address Republicans that
may come and stand up to him I'm very
much looking forward to a new senator
from Utah named Mitt Romney who I think
will prove to be a big thorn in his in
the president's side so while flake and
corker may be going away we may be
having a brand new person to speak up
for what's right it was a Mitt Romney
endorsed true embrace Trump was a
birther so I mean III know what Susan
wants I think that's a lot of optimism
well he's trying to fill the job
McCain's slot at some point but I don't
think he's I know it's hopeful thinking
but I'm not sure he's ready to take him
one day to day for more therefore more
than seven months now ever Trump Trump's
legal team has been negotiating possible
terms for the present testimony they've
been there about a successful
negotiators as well as the North Koreans
anyway Bloomberg is now reporting that
according to Trump lawyer he is a lawyer
isn't he Rudy Giuliani Trump would agree
to an interview with Special Counsel
Robert Mars investigators if it's
limited to questions on whether his
presidential campaign included with
Russia to avoid the chance of a perjury
charge quote Trump is demanding in
return for being questioned that he
isn't ask questions about obstruction of
justice under a proposal that for the
legal team have submitted two more let
me go to you Misha on this this is sort
of like John Wilkes Booth will take any
question except to deal with Ford's
Theater I mean I'm sorry this is about
obstruction it's the first tranche of
charges that are expected to come from
robert mowers team obstruction of
justice charges he says I won't talk
about obstruction of justice because
that gets to motive and I'm not going to
give you my motive well the president's
lawyers in some ways as much as people
talk about Rudy Giuliani the president's
lawyers sense that there's real threat
here and with this idea of obstruction
of justice and I would go further to say
that the president's complex financial
dealings and as a result they don't want
him to go any further than the fact
within this question of Russia and
collusion because every lawyer that I've
talked to in Washington DC including
some of them who rejected being the
president's lawyers they say that this
is a hard person to represent because
you can get in there he can start lying
and then
can get himself in a real problem but
remember pal mana for it there was a lot
of issues with Pau mana for one of them
is the fact that he's going he's on
trial right now because of money and his
financial feelings let's think about the
fact that we haven't seen the
president's tax returns we haven't seen
a lot of them owers probably sick but
there's a lot of details of the
president's finances that I think they
don't want to first wide open questions
Joe I would ask him if I were not a
lawyer which I'm not but I think it's a
great question have you ever has a
businessman in America in your life
taken money from Russians and when and
how and how much friend who I'd go right
to the money question and get them under
under questioning under perjury charge
your thoughts just like Watergate it's
always been follow the money but in this
case in addition to money I think that
the fact that he is resisting answering
questions about obstruction means he
knows he's guilty of obstruction and he
doesn't want to touch that and he thinks
that because he's been saying no
collusion for so long that he can keep
on saying no collusion and just get away
with it and that people will believe him
it doesn't make any sense
it's it's I don't believe he will ever
agree to actually sit down they keep
changing the offer every time that they
have a response I suppose from the
special prosecutor they change it so now
this is the offer today but if the
special prosecutor actually accepted
that they would change it and his words
are not believable I don't think anyone
who's been paying attention could
believe anything that Donald Trump says
and so what difference does it make if
he gets interviewed he will lie he will
say things yes he might be able to be
charged with perjury because he's lying
and the prosecutor has the facts that
will prove that he's lying but other
than that there's really no gain I would
like to ask him mr. president with all
due respect did your did the firing of
Comey by you which followed the
following events have anything to do
with those events the fact that you
wouldn't protect Michael Flynn you
wouldn't kill the prosecute of him and
you were going to ask for the personal
and political and judicial loyalty of
your of your own CIA your own FBI
director would it have anything to do
with you firing the guy after he refused
to give you that information anyway just
the thought that's the guy thing Rudy
would not like to converse about thank
you
perched here thinking chill wine banks
David corn and yummy Alcindor hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
