day 635 of the Trump administration and
while the president had no public events
on his schedule today he certainly
launched a few on social media and then
for good measure this evening sat down
for an interview with The Associated
Press on a range of topics Zeke Miller
one of those three reporters who
conducted the interview there in the
Oval Office standing by to join us live
Trump's comments about the missing
journalist Jamal khashoggi are perhaps
the most striking khashoggi disappeared
two weeks ago at the Saudi consulate in
Turkey Trump told the AP on this quote I
think we have to find out what happened
first here we go again with you know
you're guilty until proven innocent I
don't like that we just went through
that with justice Cavanaugh and he was
innocent all the way as far as I'm
concerned and here is what he said in
yet another interview today taped
earlier to air tonight on Fox Business
it depends whether or not the king or
the crown prince knew about it in my
opinion number one what happened but
whether or not they knew about it if
they knew about it that would be bad if
they didn't know about it things bad
things can happen that you face as hope
we hear the proper answers back to the
AP interview we talked about his party's
chances for the midterms as we've seen
he stepped up his presence on the trail
of late today he told the AP quote he
won't accept the blame if Republicans
lose the house in November arguing that
he is helping Republican candidates in
the midterms
he seemed to be hedging his bets in his
conversation again with Fox Business I
think we're gonna do well know who knows
I mean as we mentioned he was active on
Twitter today beginning with an attack
on Massachusetts Democratic senator
Elizabeth Warren who yesterday caused
cringes in her party by announcing test
results that show distant Native
American ancestral roots quoting here
from the president
Pocahontas the bad version sometimes
referred to as Elizabeth Warren is
getting slammed
she took a bogus DNA test he added just
tonight Elizabeth Warren is being
hammered even by the left her false
claim of Indian heritage is only selling
to very low IQ and
giuls the president then this afternoon
moved down to stormy Daniels quote
federal judge throws out stormy Daniels
lawsuit versus Trump Trump is entitled
to full legal fees great now I can go
after horse face and her third-rate
lawyer in the great state of Texas
she will confirm the letter she signed
she knows nothing about me
a total con Daniel's wasted no time
firing back writing in part in addition
to his um shortcomings he has
demonstrated his incompetence hatred of
women and lack of self control on
Twitter again
game on tiny Trump kept up the attack on
Daniels even with adults present during
the AP interview in the Oval Office and
we quote Trump did not back down from
derisive ly nicknaming Daniels horseface
asked by the AP if it was appropriate to
insult a woman's appearance Trump
responded you can take it any way you
want in addition to that Trump also
weighed in on the investigation into his
former personal lawyer Michael Cohen who
testified under oath that Trump was
involved in planning the hush money
payments distorting Daniels Trump told
the AP Cohen lied under oath and called
his allegation quote totally false and
in regular news we also learned who will
be replacing the departing White House
Counsel don McGann Trump told the AP
that he selected Pat Cipollone a veteran
of the bush 41 Justice Department to be
his new White House Counsel
with that let's bring in our leadoff
panel on a Monday night one of the
reporters who interviewed the president
today there in the Oval Office the
aforementioned Zeke Miller White House
reporter for The Associated Press Phil
Rucker Pulitzer Prize winning White
House bureau chief for the Washington
Post and Jill Colvin White House
reporter also with The Associated Press
Zeke we'll start with you and I guess in
the old days used to be able to go
through Hope Hicks to avoid the chief of
staff if you wanted to talk to the
president did you go through traditional
channels was this a vetted and official
interview and and lastly how did you
find him well we were joined in the Oval
Office by press secretary or senators
communications director bill shine and
counselor to the president Kellyanne
Conway
this is you know this was the president
was in fairly good spirits this is
capping a couple of weeks we've seen him
very accessible to the press and we were
grateful that he was able to sit down
for an answer a bunch of questions that
we felt were important to our readers
the American public in the world at
large and I think you know if you look
at the interview you read the interview
with some of the coverage out of that
you can see in there are some questions
we have not heard the president answer
and hopefully made some news out of that
you say you know the way you put it is
absolutely correct he's coming off what
you could call a good run for his base
and his party but I also heard it argued
tonight that with what he did just today
alone on Twitter it's kind of the
classic pattern of stepping on their own
good news there's certainly an element
of that if you look at the president's
sort of political history where he does
you know sort of the conventional wisdom
sense steps does step on its own news
but the way the president sees it this
election he's been very clearly was
clear to us about that today is that he
jesus' referendum on himself and and his
policies and and that you know for all
of the Republican pundits and the it
strategists who say he should stay out
of the this election and try to not
insert himself to these races and stay
back and keep quite on Twitter he
believes you know this is just like 2016
is what it is what he told us he feels
that the electorate is like 2016 when he
defied all the odds and all the
prognosticators and in his view all the
polls and it is now sitting in the Oval
Office so there's an element of you can
see some of that you know said the
president drawing those parallels where
he feels he's going to insert himself
make this election about himself he's
willing to engage in ways now in the
run-up to the election the same way we
saw him do two years ago where the
parties make others in the party may
cringe the president seems very
confident in his strategy here so Jill
however reminiscent it may be of Woodrow
Wilson and FDR just kidding we have the
President of the United States calling a
pornstar horseface today publicly and
then doubling down on it I want you to
watch and listen with us to the reaction
today in this studio from the
Cole Wallace lifelong Republican aide in
the bush White House to the president
and his choice of words this is the kind
of language that has come to define
Trump's presidency and his party which
elected and continues to support and
cheer a man whose public insults of
women have included Miss Piggy miss
housekeeping degenerate slob Pig
bleeding very badly from a face lift not
my first choice low IQ wacky and of
course look at that face would anyone
vote for that Jill how do you process it
how do you cover it with anything
approaching the standards we used to use
for your job well it's definitely very
difficult when you've got a president
you know this is language that we heard
from him very frequently as a candidate
on the campaign trail those comments
that were listed over there you know
referring to Carly Fiorina for instance
one of his Republican primary opponents
saying why would anyone vote for someone
with a face like that so it's something
that we've grappled with now for a long
time it's still jarring to hear that
language coming out of the president
seeing that from his official Twitter
feed but what you can tell what the
president here is that look he was able
to win the election despite the fact
that he made comments like this and and
in his mind and and in the minds of some
around him because he made comments like
this because he broke the mold because
he was willing to say what he was
thinking was able to create this
impression that he was this kind of
swaggering tell-it-like-it-is kind of
person and he believes that his base is
going to stick with him even when and
maybe because he's choosing to do things
like this
that said the president now is the
leader of a party he's not just a
candidate on his own he's the leader of
a Republican Party that is about to have
a very very consequential election now
in less than a month and when you've got
voters across the country especially
those suburban Republican or independent
leaning women in these districts who are
trying to make up their minds they may
be looking at the president here and
saying you know what is this the party
that I want to send back to Congress
just a quick note to our viewers because
we're having electronic transmission
problems where Phil and Jill are even
though
they're in our Washington facilities
they might as well be on the other side
of a planet because we have long delays
between my questions and their answers
having explained that fill wrecker what
is going on here this has to be called a
media blitz he got close to 12 million
viewers which I'm amazed it hasn't
already told us on 60 minutes Sunday
night and then today's round yeah look
the president Trump is trying to to be
his own his party's best surrogate here
and to run-up to the midterm elections
he wants to be everywhere all the time
he's taking questions from reporters at
every opportunity on Air Force One on
the White House North lawn in the Oval
Office and I think this is going to
continue in the days to come were three
weeks away from Election Day and what we
see from the president is he's confident
but he's also pugnacious and defiant and
you know as carefully as Senate and
House and gubernatorial candidates have
tried to tailor their final closing
pitches to voters what they're realizing
now is it's really all about Trump and
that's how it's been in Washington for
the last two years and that's how it is
on the campaign trail right now as
voters in a lot of states are beginning
to vote already early they're thinking
about horseface they're thinking about
you know Trump parroting the cover story
of Saudi Arabia they're thinking about
whatever controversy he might ignite
tomorrow or the next day and it's it's
varying the election in different areas
but what you have is a president who's
supremely confident in his own ability
to direct his party's message and to
shape this election and to determine a
winning outcome he truly believes that I
think Republicans are going to hold the
Senate and that he can do what he can to
stave off severe losses in the house hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
