Bob you've been on the show many times
never in this capacity as you now
represent Maria boo Tina so let me ask
you this the Russian News Service is
reporting that the Russian Commissioner
for Human Rights spoke with ambassador
Huntsman asking the u.s. to get boo Tina
out of jail put her on house arrest to
get her out on bail what else are you
able to tell us about that conversation
I don't know anything about that
conversation I don't represent the
government of Russia I represent Maria
but if she's getting out of jail
wouldn't you know about it I would and
right now she's in jail and we'll
probably moving at some point to
reconsider her you know get some
conditions of release that are
appropriate and get her out of jail at
some point but right now the the Court
has ruled that she's a flight risk in
his remaining in DC jail and have you
had any conversations with US officials
about moving her out of jail for example
with the ambassador Huntsman is anybody
reached out to you no one has yet and
like I said we've been handling it all
through the court for right now there is
the question whether this NRA connection
you've denied your client was part of
any kind of a scheme to funnel Russian
money through the NRA to the Trump
campaign do you believe the NRA is going
to have to produce documents to prove
that to show funding information is that
eventually going to have to be made
public I just don't think there's any
evidence of it so I'm not sure how you
prove a negative I mean I haven't seen
by releasing documents right that show
that with me I've seen a lot of
documents from from Maria's side and
I've seen all her bank account records
and any corporation she's associated
with and I haven't seen anything like
what's been alleged I mean I really
think it's not a matter of
interpretation I just haven't seen
anything that supports this notion of
her being any kind of conduit of Russia
so the argument is this she was just
kind of a babe in the woods who got
wrapped in something bigger than herself
well I know baby the woods is fair she's
an ambitious young woman who had a
career in Russia as a gun rights
advocate and was having known as the gun
rights advocate there and and had some
fame over there and then came to the US
and develop relationships with gun
rights people here and was a student I
mean she graduated in May with a fluoro
from Mary the accused of not registering
as she should have as I guess the
question would be not registered to do
what I mean with the government's
accused her for is going to do
going to some events I'm not positive
any of that requires registration if it
did have to foreign nationals that are
in Washington would be in jail right
infiltrate political organizations in
the US and doing so potentially or at
least having a boyfriend Erickson
infiltrates a loaded term I mean what
what is infiltrate attend is attending a
meeting infiltrating is going to a
dinner infiltrating where does Paul
Erickson fit in this her boyfriend who
you've described her boyfriend what is
the nature of that relationship was this
was she using him to your knowledge to
my knowledge no they had a five year
relationship going back from a fortune
came over the student and so they
attended many events together and
traveled around the country together I
don't think it's that unusual that
people with similar interest would end
up in similar places pretty age
difference I mean not that that
precludes things but that did bring some
questions whom I judge yeah why did you
just because you've been on the show
again if you're sort of role is DOJ why
did you take on this case who's paying
you to do it what spoke to you about
this I took on the case because Maria
contacted me through another client they
had a mutual friend and when she was
contacted by Congress she contacted me
and part of reason I'm doing this
because I think she's innocent of all
this I think this has nothing to do with
the Muller case obviously cuz the Muller
and I think that she has been caught up
in this unfairly and kind of the the
Russia scare thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
