baseless charges provides inappropriate
legitimacy to accusations with zero
evidence do you accept the President
Obama was born in the United States
these baseless charges provides
inappropriate legitimacy to accusations
with zero evidence that was Sarah
Sanders yesterday accusing longtime
public servants get this of exploiting
their security clearances to criticize
the president and make money
it's another hair on fire headline that
generates cliques and has Donald Trump
in its White House trying to pull
attention away from the fact that
America's commander-in-chief has
significant exposure in the Moller probe
and also away from a flailing Foreign
Policy like the birther conspiracy
before it is another dole idea wrapped
in camouflage so we just thought it's a
public service to all of you who might
have been distracted by the shiny penny
that they threw out on the streets
yesterday that we'd be clear about what
this year's leading headline is what it
should be and what it will be American
president pawned for Putin promotes
Soviet strategy on NATO because that's
exactly what's going on good morning and
welcome to morning Joe it's Tuesday July
24th mica has the morning off but along
with Willie and me we have MSNBC
contributor Mike Barnicle president the
Council on Foreign Relations and author
of the book a world in disarray Richard
Haass NBC News national political
reporter Heidi Chris Vella also
columnist and associate editor for The
Washington Post David Ignatius and the
co-founder and CEO of Axios Jim VandeHei
you know Willie there are so many ways
that Donald Trump and his team always
try to distract but there can be no
mistake about what this week's this
month's this year's most shocking
headline really is politically and that
is it Donald Trump went to Helsinki and
he
adapted he adopted and don't believe
your public servants on Morning Joe you
can listen to commentators on Russian
state television and they will say that
Donald Trump has adopted the Soviet
Union's position on NATO and that he's
what he did an L think he was nothing
short of disregard u.s. national
intelligence and also drive a wedge
between our allies in Europe that well
helped us win a Cold War
well Helsinki was a disaster in the
White House knows that the week that
followed Helsinki was a disaster and the
White House knows that he had the
president United States being pushed
into a corner and being forced to come
out and say yes I agree with the
intelligence community's assessment that
Russia interfered with our election and
then totally erasing that in a tweet
when he went back to the idea that the
Russia investigation is a hoax oh we
know how he truly feels and so now
they're putting out another as you put
it shiny object talking about taking
away the security clearance of various
former members CIA directors FBI
director James Comey interesting that
Comey doesn't have a security clearance
by the way for maybe FBI director Andrew
McCabe doesn't have a security clearance
there are questions of monetizing which
is a pretty preposterous I think fair to
say if you're talking about sue Pratt
monetizing security clearances but I
think the other thing to throw in the
mix to Jo is as you did this idea that
the White House and the president is
offended by quote baseless accusations
when Donald Trump of course was the
ringleader of the birther movement
beginning about six seven years ago
yeah and monetizing public service Mike
Barnicle
you can talk about the Trump Hotel you
can talk about all the foreign countries
and all and everybody else that are
trying to curry favor with Donald Trump
by making money by handing him money you
can talk about how I mean we'll go to
the list soon but every time that's
there's a moment between China and the
United States it seems that Ivanka gets
three or four more clearances for
patents for her products in China
I mean this is you could write a book on
this and I'm sure somebody is writing a
book on this on how much Donald Trump is
monetizing the president seen how much
his entire family is monetizing the
presidency and most importantly how much
the corrupt Republican Party in
Washington DC is helping them monetize
the presidency
yeah Joe I mean this is the first White
House in the history of this Republic
that is largely filled with grifters
people grabbing what they can while they
can rabbit but the largest story the one
that you raised at the top of the
program the removal a threatened removal
of security clearances from people like
Michael Hayden and and John Brennan and
others is so small so petty and so
predictable and it is the behavior of a
man mr. Trump who knows that the cops
are at the door and he continues he
continues and he did it within the past
few days to stick his thumb in the eye
of the American intelligence community
preferring to go with the Russian theory
rather than what the American
intelligence community has told him and
has warned him repeatedly well you know
Willie these headlines are ripped
straight from the pages as they would
say of Fox News I mean you know if there
are certain hosts on Fox News that when
there is damning news about Donald Trump
something that you're really concern is
now they'll do Hillary Clinton emails
stories and of course we were joking
about this six months in we're now 18
months in they're still doing it
this whole smokescreen yesterday about
taking security clearances away from
from former CIA directors and other
Intel Giants I mean that came off of a
fox news segment with Rand Paul who then
again as we said yesterday morning
shamelessly said he was going to go over
the White House and what was he going to
talk about not about Vladimir Putin
influencing US foreign policy not about
Donald Trump embarrassing himself in the
eyes of the world in Helsinki not about
the destruction
of our 55 60 year alliance with NATO
instead Rand Paul said that he was going
over the White House to try to strip
John Brennan and others of their
security clearance again
smokescreen distract try to get people's
attention off of what's right in front
of them and I really I'm quite confident
that there aren't that many people out
there that are still so stupid as to not
know that they're being manipulated well
we'll talk about why some of these
people have security clearances after
they've left their positions in the
administration in a moment but let's get
into one of these real stories Joe or
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
