that was today but let's back it up to
last night it's at least still somewhat
alarming when the president tweets
something involving national security in
all capital letters close to 11:30 at
night so this got the attention of a lot
of folks and not necessarily in a good
way when he said - and about Iran quote
- Iranian president rouhani never ever
threatened the United States again or
you will suffer consequences the likes
of which few throughout history have
ever suffered before we are no longer a
country that will stand for your
demented words of violence and death be
cautious
it was rahani who had spoken first hears
his words that Trump was reacting to
quote America should know that peace
with Iran is the mother of all peace and
war with Iran is the mother of all wars
then our Secretary of State gave a
rather blistering speech critical of
Iran this weekend the level of
corruption wealth among Iranian leaders
shows that Iran is run by something that
resembles the Mafia more than a
government time to call in our
annihilation specialist Joe Cirincione
joins us again tonight he happens to be
President of Ploughshares fund and the
author of nuclear nightmares securing
the world before it's too late all of
Joe's books are available in the
romantic comedy section of your favorite
bookseller Joe for those who have not
followed the our relationship with Iran
especially since the Iran deal how
serious did you take this exchange and
the president's outgoing all capital
letter tweet last night I took this very
seriously the president with the kinds
of words he was using was signaling a
fire and fury type of threat a possible
nuclear threat to Iran a level of
destruction that few nations have
experienced I think the president may
have Memphis as a distraction may have
been an impulsive angry tweet the
problem is that what's a distraction for
the president to divert attention
from his other troubles could be seized
upon because it's an obsession for
others both domestically and in the
region this has been an obsession of
foods for example National Security
Advisor John Bolton who was argued for
going to war with Iran for over a decade
now Mike Pompeo Secretary of State a
favor of regime change just gave a
blistering speech you showed a part of
it
the most open attempt to overthrow the
the government of Iran that we've seen
while you have to go back to 1953 when
we actually did overthrow the government
of Iran but we did it secretly then now
that we're doing it in the open and then
I'm worried about the regional actors
who want to go to war with Iran Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Saudi
Arabia United Arab Emirates these are
all countries were unlike the situation
in Korea in Northeast Asia these are
countries that want to go to war with a
with a foe of the president where
someone has the president's ire that's
what's troubling this distraction could
stick as as a war that the president may
not really want to engage in Joe you and
I both know the president will campaign
on this he will go to rallies and say to
the people at the rally you saw what I
did you saw what I said to Iran I'm
tired of getting walked all over by them
previous presidents that's all over it's
not going to happen with me you concede
that's gonna be his his effort
absolutely and he's got a domestic base
for you go to some of the other
so-called news channels and you can see
that there's exuberance about this they
like the president's standing up so this
plays well with his base which is
another reason this might get traction
beyond whatever the president intends
and if the president's troubles
intensify well he could be encouraged to
do a wag the dog scenario to encourage a
foreign crisis in order to rally his
base to detract from his domestic
troubles hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
