leading off our discussion now John
Hallam national affairs analyst for NBC
News and MSNBC and co-host
an executive research show times the
circus also joining us is ambassador
Wendy Sherman former Undersecretary of
State she was the United States lead
negotiator for the Iran nuclear deal and
is now an MSNBC global affairs
contributor and ambassador Sherman I
want to start with you on this Trump the
nuclear threat it sounds like to Iran
I'm not taking it seriously and I'm not
taking it seriously based on the North
Korean experience with the president and
the five months he took us through oh
threatening North Korea before
completely reversing course completely
and trying to make best friends with Kim
jong-un what how do you read what the
president said about Iran well I
certainly think it was a distraction and
deflection in the way that you described
it and somehow I think I ought to speak
in all caps as if I will be heard louder
but I think we all know that when you're
talking about serious things a quieter
voice makes a lot more sense indeed I
think that the president is trying to
goad Iran into a conflict secretary
Pompeo gave a speech in California at
the Reagan Library and really pushed
hard saying we're for the Iranian people
and your government is corrupt and
they're all hardliners and they're not
going to give you a break but we can and
he said that at the same time and invoke
Ronald Reagan's call for freedom in his
1982 Westminster speech he did that the
couple of days before President Trump
said he was going to take security
clearances away from people who were
speaking up and speaking their minds so
we're not exactly a beacon for freedom
that secretary Pompeo put out there and
we have a president that has a playbook
for Iran and a playbook for North Korea
but no strategy to get an outcome that
ensures the safety and security of
America John I want to read you what
Tony Schwartz said about the Trump tweet
and Tony Schwartz of course the author I
was gonna say co-author but he's the
real author the art of the deal the
first Trump books man
every word in the entire book including
the articles yeah really studied Donald
Trump up close cut tsunami said there
was nothing strategic about Trump's
schoolyard bully all-caps tweet about
Iran when he feels weak and vulnerable
he lashes out in an effort to recover
his sense of self which is so fragile
and easily wounded
I often scare people on television when
I talk about Donald Trump but back dark
and paranoid and and and and ominous I
always think when he's tweeting about
something I shouldn't worry about it
very much because it's mostly when he's
tweeting about it it's um it's gibberish
most of the time right and it is just
deflection and projection and and
incoherent rambling the stuffing doesn't
tweet about is the stuff he cares about
what he does what doesn't he tweet about
doesn't tweet about Playboy models
doesn't tweet about Michael avenatti
doesn't tweet about stormy Daniels
doesn't tweet very much about the people
who he's trying to take their security
clearances away every once in a while he
does that but then he try to try to do
something like it did today but the
stuff that scares him the stuff that
worries at all I'll tell you what it
doesn't do anybody doesn't weed about
Paul Manafort very often right the
people who are a genuine threat to Trump
the people who are as you said before
there's been a lot of panic over the
last 18 months we've seen flashes of it
but right now you really feel the walls
closing in and I always think that when
he's tweeting about Iran it's dangerous
and so it concerns me but I don't think
a word of it seriously because it is
really just the ultimate look at the
squirrel mm-hmm and and ambassador
Sherman it's couldn't be more strange
that that the place we look for for
encouragement the the encouraging side
of what Donald Trump tweet threatening a
nuclear attack is that the encouraging
side of it is oh don't worry
the president doesn't mean a word he
says like that's where we go for comfort
in indeed you know we saw the fire and
fury around North Korea and we saw this
pomp and circumstance instead of a
persistence and precision now we're
seeing you know the school boy speaking
loudly and showing off how strong and
powerful he is when in fact all we're
seeing is weakness and insecurity or
seize this this is a culture that
believes you either resist or you
surrender and they are not going to
surrender one iota to Donald Trump they
understand what the game is here look
I'm all for standing up for the human
rights of the Iranian people and I quite
agree that all of the leaders in Iran
even those that we call moderate or
hardliners but the way to help the
Iranian people was the Iran deal that
helped the people of Iran by lifting
sanctions and it ensured our security
and the world security by ensuring there
wouldn't be a nuclear weapon I have no
idea what President Trump thinks he's
going to do a tweet is not going to get
him a quote-unquote better deal and John
new NBC Wall Street Journal poll shows
that the president's approval rating is
far below majority but 88% of
Republicans say they support the
president and unfortunately in most of
the media they never do the math on what
that actually means since only 26
percent of voters are Republican ere we
go 88 percent of 20% is something like
23 percent of voters support Donald
Trump p√∫blica party's shrinking and that
and man you talked about getting abused
by Fox News I'm gonna get abused for
saying that the Republican Party is
shrinking the Republican cold that's
just really miracl
it's just a numerical factor 8 so we we
spend and this will be the third time
today I've said this we spend a lot of
time focused on the trunk motor we spend
a lot of time focused on drums bass I
don't think it's wrong that we focus on
it because it is the way if you try to
understand what Trump's doing shoring up
that base it explains a lot of his
tactical maneuvers it explains his
long-term plan to try to survive the
onslaught that he's facing right now on
a variety of legal fronts but in the end
the country is not with Donald Trump
right and and and we normally and n
every election I've ever covered going
back to 1988 we focus on independent
voters moderate voters swing voters we
focus on on on all kinds of voters who
make the difference in elections now we
don't talk about that anymore all we
talk about is the Trump base the Trump
motor how the Republicans in the
shrinkie Republican coalition are with
them instead of focusing on the fact
that the ABC News poll today said 75% of
the American people are against him
attacking the
agencies two-thirds of the American
people are against the health of our
disapproval the Helsinki summit the vast
majority of America is against Trump on
these major issues and again I think we
have to focus on his supporters because
it's so important to what he's doing in
the light house but we also have to
focus on the bigger picture which is
that the country on the important issues
and this is huge political salience for
these midterms and for his reelection if
he gets that far the vast majority the
country is not with him
and mr. Sherman I just wanted to get
your reaction of more fully to this
announcement by the White House today
that not only are they thinking about
taking away John Brennan's security
clearance
basically FB I'd former FBI director
Comey James clapper hayden rice mccabe
as sanders so a cross-section of former
trump administration officials and i'm
sorry to say you're not on the list you
didn't make that particular honor roll
but but this is an unprecedented
position by the White House what's your
reaction to that it's unprecedented it's
absurd and quite frankly I and many
other people could be on that list
many of us have security clearances when
I left the administration I went on the
president's intelligence advisory board
and kept my clearances then when that
term ended the intelligence community
wanted me to keep my clearances because
they wanted me to debrief them on the
negotiations and on how we try to get
Americans who are held hostage out of
countries they wanted information if you
have security clearances it doesn't mean
you get to read everything and know
everything it's on as a need-to-know
basis so I haven't been back to the
intelligence agencies in some time now
don't have a right to do that
but I still have my clearances I would
take it as an honor to be on that list
it is absurd it is ridiculous these are
Patriots who are standing up for the
freedom that secretary Pompeo talked
about the other night it's worse than
that though it's not just absurd
ridiculous it is dangerous and it is
double peace with the way the president
talks about withdrawing broadcast
networks
licenses pulling credentials of a
journalist who asked him questions it
isn't like this is the beginning of a
step of how the president's trying to
exercise actual
to try to silence people whose criticism
threatens him and I think it is it's not
we shouldn't set our hair on fire about
it but we should look at it and say this
is a early warning sign of where this
could go pretty quick quite agree we're
gonna take a break here ambassador Wendy
Sherman John Holman thank you for
starting us off tonight thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
