well there are a hundred and six days
106 days until the election and
president Trump really seems to be
panicking it's not easy to tell when the
president is panicking but panic is an
understandable Trump reaction to the
possibility of this guy becoming the
chairman of the House Judiciary
Committee or this guy becoming the
chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee or Nancy Pelosi becoming the
speaker the house again the Democrats on
the House Judiciary Committee already
have some skilled former prosecutors on
the committee but if the Democrats win
the house in November they will add more
members more Democratic members to the
Judiciary Committee and no doubt most of
those new members will be experienced
former prosecutors because it will be up
to the House Judiciary Committee to
initiate impeachment hearings if Robert
Mahler presents the committee with what
they believe to be impeachable offenses
by Donald Trump and if a Democratic
controlled House votes to impeach the
president when the impeachment case goes
to trial in the United States Senate
Democratic members of the House
Judiciary Committee will be the
impeachment prosecutors in the Senate
trial and if Democrats win the House of
Representatives president Trump's life
is going to change instantly and
impeachment becomes a real possibility
and so at the end of the president's
first weekend of contemplating how the
public was reacting to the news on
Friday that Michael Cohen has an audio
tape of Donald Trump discussing hush
money payments to a woman who says she
had a year-long sexual affair with
Donald Trump the President of the United
States tweeted to Iranian president
rouhani never ever threaten the United
States again or you will suffer
consequences the likes of which few
throughout history have ever suffered
before we are no longer a country that
will stand for your demented
words of violence and death be cautious
exclamation point the president
desperately needed a change of subject
from audio recordings of the president
talking about payoffs to women so the
president tweeted about nuclear war last
night this time with Iran and last night
when the president tweeted that threat
of a nuclear attack against Iran the
president knew that in federal court in
Manhattan today in an evidentiary filing
involving the FBI raids on microphones
home and office in hotel room the
lawyers involved were going to reveal as
they did today that the FBI seized 12/12
audio items they called them audio items
from Michael Cohen that are not
protected by attorney-client privilege
and are now in the possession of federal
prosecutors and those audio recordings
might or might not include the voice of
Donald Trump and Donald Trump knows
Donald Trump knows if his voice is on
those audio recordings because Donald
Trump's lawyers had the right to listen
to those recordings when the court was
deciding whether or not those recordings
were protected by attorney-client
privilege President Trump obviously
wanted to create a huge distraction for
Monday's news cycle and he knew
witch-hunt just wouldn't do it not
anymore the president knew he needed
something bigger than witch-hunt and so
the president went nuclear with Iran
thanks to our experience with President
Trump and North Korea we now know that
when the president goes nuclear in his
tweets we are not on the brink of
launching a nuclear attack we did not
know that when the president began his
five months of threatening North Korea
with nuclear attack threatening North
Korea with fire and fury but we do know
that now we know that the president is
not a homicidal mass murderer willing to
kill tens of millions of people in North
and South Korea on a whim we know that
we know that the president is not going
to launch a nuclear attack on Iran
but we know the President believes he
needs to launch a rhetorical attack on
Iran we know the president has decided
he needs a new rocket man a new villain
somewhere far away to threaten to
distract from the negative stories
closing in on the President and to sound
tough for those Trump voters who believe
Donald Trump is tough he can't do that
with North Korea anymore because the
president has declared the North Korean
problem solved one of the stories the
president is going to want to be able to
distract from is the prosecution of
Trump campaign Chairman Paul Manafort
which a judge today decided to delay for
six days that means the Paul Manafort
trial will get underway a week from
tomorrow testimony a week from tomorrow
and Donald Trump knows that nothing in
that trial is going to help Republicans
in the November election that Donald
Trump needs Republicans to win so that
Republicans continue to control the
House of Representatives where
impeachment proceedings begin and Donald
Trump's threatening of North Korea with
a nuclear attack lasted five months so
we can expect his threats to Iran to
last at least a hundred and six days at
least through the election campaign this
year and maybe through his own
re-election campaign and if necessary in
order to get elected Donald Trump will
start a war with Iran now let me say
that again because I know how crazy it
sounds in order to get elected Donald
Trump will start a war with Iran now I
guess I've got to get ready for the Fox
News attacks that are gonna come because
I said the President of the United
States will start a war with Iran to get
elected they're gonna come after me for
that one it's a crazy thing to say and
if you've been paying attention you'll
notice that it is also self
contradictory to what I've already said
which is that of course Donald Trump
will not go through with his threat to
launch a nuclear attack on Iran the only
reason that I said in order to get
elected Donald Trump will start a war
I ran is to let Trump supporters here
what that sounds like feel what it's
like let the rage build up inside them
that someone would accuse the President
of the United States of being willing to
start a war with Iran just to get
elected and I hope I've given them
enough time already to start pouring out
their rage at me on Twitter not one of
them not one Trump supporter not one
foxnews player objected in 2011 when
Donald Trump tweeted in order to get
elected Barack Obama will start a war
with Iran in 2011 when Donald Trump was
tweeting those lies about President
Obama I was the only person in the news
media who I heard called Donald Trump a
liar and it took the American news media
another five years to begin to call
Donald Trump a liar and that only
happened in the final weeks of his
presidential campaign and now Donald
Trump is president and now everyone in
the news media not working at Fox News
are in right wing radio has repeatedly
called the words of Donald Trump lies
and history will wonder what took them
so long in order to get elected Barack
Obama will start a war with Iran do you
know what the news media did after
Donald Trump tweeted that they kept
begging him for more interviews to tell
more crazy lies about Barack Obama in
his birth certificate and they never
once not one of those interviewers ever
once called any of that a lie and so now
we have a President of the United States
who tweets threats of nuclear war as his
campaign chairman is a week away from
going to trial and as his TV lawyer Rudy
Giuliani is trying to figure out how to
explain what the president said in a
recorded conversation about buying the
silence of a woman who says she had an
affair with the president and as a large
majority of American voters who
disapprove of the President Trump
stepped closer every day to a November
election that could make New York
congressman Jerry Nadler the new
chairman of the House Judiciary
Committee where his first decision might
be whether to schedule hearings on the
impeachment of the President of the
United States thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
