now face the prospect of losing their
security clearances they include former
CIA director John Brennan who is also an
MSNBC analyst former NSA director
Michael Hayden and former Director of
National Intelligence James clapper
among others the officials are known for
their outspoken defense of the US
intelligence community they've all
backed the conclusion that Russia
interfered in the 2016 election and many
have expressed alarm that the Trump
campaign may have collaborated with the
Kremlin to do just that White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
made that unprecedented announcement and
an almost choreographed response today
to a question served up by John Gizzi of
the conservative outlet Newsmax
Senator Rand Paul today made his strong
attempt to vitiate the credibility of
former CIA director John Brennan saying
that he's and I quote monetizing his
security clearance and that it should be
rebuilding from even fallout the
president do this not only is the
president looking to take away Brennan's
security clearance he's also looking
into the clearances of Comey
clapper Hayden rice and McCabe the
president is exploring the mechanisms to
remove security clearance because
they've politicized and in some cases
monetize their public service and
security clearances making baseless
accusations of improper contact with
Russia or being influenced by Russia
against the president is extremely
inappropriate and the fact that people
with security clearances are making
these baseless charges provides
inappropriate legitimacy to accusations
with zero evidence
well this follows another attempt by the
President to dictate reality when it
comes to the Kremlin's interference in
the 2016 election in a tweet last night
the president peered to claim that
Russia's attack on the election was
itself a hoax an apparent effort to by
Trump to convince his base out there
that had never happened none of it Trump
wrote so President Obama knew about
Russia before the election why didn't he
do something about it why didn't he tell
our campaign because it's all a big hoax
that's why and he thought crooked
Hillary was going to win was yet another
reversal by this president after he
repeatedly
last week over whether he believes
Russia attacked our election however
Sarah center said today that the
president was not calling Russian
interference a hoax but was instead
referring to allegations of collusion
so does he believe the interference with
the big hoax or does he have faith in
the intelligence agencies that have
concluded the other way we maintain that
Russia interfere in the elections the
president however very much so and has
repeatedly as again have the rest of us
that his campaign colluding in that
process is a total hoax and we still the
president is referencing the collusion
component the president's reference give
me a break joining me now is Robert
Costa political reporter for The
Washington Post Natasha Bertrand staff
writer for The Atlantic Kendall Indian
national security reporter with NBC News
and David jolly a former Republican
congressman from Florida I just want to
start with something a little out of
order what happened yesterday Robert
Donald Trump is for his own purposes an
excellent communicator nobody knew
whether better how to reach the
Americans sort of nervous system in 2016
then this guy on immigration all kinds
of issues stupid wars he knew how to
communicate how come day after day now
we have to have a retranslation to
reinterpretation of everything he says
would well actually men would know I'm
sorry wouldn't men would know no didn't
he know in that context I might know
when some other context and here we have
yet yesterday talking to his base saying
the whole thing's a hoax today hope for
though it's a likes real press oh we
didn't mean that he meant something much
more narrow his Trump lying here when he
says it's a hoax one day it has this
person say the next day it's not a hoax
where's the truth every day he's
swinging his political acts against the
credibility of the ongoing Special
Counsel investigation raising questions
about its existence working with
congressional allies like Devin Nunez
the House Intelligence Committee
Chairman to question the whole
investigation from the start its origin
the documents involved the FISA warrants
it continues to refer to it as a hoax on
social media it's all about rallying the
base around this presidency before
Muller issues that report and so the
gather that up into one thought today
when he decides to go out and say we're
going to deny a intelligence briefings
the regular security briefings given the
former top security people we're going
to deny those briefings because we're
going to punish me punish people who
don't sing my song basically what's that
about the Justice Department when it
began the Russian investigation believes
it had probable cause to start looking
into the Trump campaign and to different
connections and may have had with the
Russian government or Russian figures
what the president is doing when you
talk to his advisors and his allies he's
trying to raise questions about the
entire intelligence community about core
institutions of government the FBI
Department of Justice CIA about how
they're scrutinizing him and his
campaign in his campaign associates well
I'll give you a nasty interpretation
Natasha I think he's out there diminish
the credibility of anybody criticizes
we're not going to give them
intelligence briefing because they're
out there making money on intelligence
they're monetizing all this information
reduce them the guy's just sucking up
money just grabbing money when attack
they're actually criticizing him for
what he's done he's destroying his
opposition I mean it's pretty rich to
have the White House complain about
people monetizing their public service
when the president of course visits his
own golf courses and properties so much
but this is all about his obsession with
attacking the professionalism of the
very intelligence community that now is
investigating him that's really what it
comes down to and what all these people
have in common whose clearances that he
wants revoked and whose clearances he
does have the power to revoke is that
they could potentially bear witness to
him in the investigation they could be
witnesses against him as part of the
Russia investigation because they were
all in some way apart what's it mean to
say you don't get a security clearance
if you're a guy like John Brennan who's
been docking the hell out of the guy I
think appropriately but what's what's it
mean to say no try me Johnny no more
security briefing what's that mean no
more clearance well oftentimes these
former intelligence national security
officials are called back into
classified briefings they're called back
to get give advice to people that are
now in their roles and we rely on them a
lot this is also a big national security
issue because we rely on their expertise
and their institutional knowledge and if
they don't have that clearance and
they're not
to discuss these classified things with
their with their with the current people
in their jobs then that is a serious
national security issue I think it's a
way of reprimanding or punishing people
anyway reacting to the threat of having
a security clearance pulled James
clapper said his sub clearance was
nothing to do with his criticism of the
president well the security clearance
has nothing to do with how I or any of
us feel about the person and I don't get
the clearance briefings I'm not I don't
have access to classified information
that it's frankly more of a courtesy but
former senior officials and NATO
committee are extended the courtesy of
keeping experience have an indication
they use it and would not has no bearing
whatsoever on you know my regard or lack
thereof for President Trump for what
he's doing I think this is just a very
very petty petty thing to do and that's
about all I'll say about it
similarly former director Michael Hayden
told NBC News that quote I don't go back
for classified briefings although they
occasionally ask me and me in to offer a
view on something as the Tasha just said
won't have any impact on what I say or
write okay there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
