all right the FBI over the weekend did
something it's never done before
released a FISA warrant for the first
time in foreign intelligence
surveillance courts for t years his 40
year history the warrant which
authorized surveillance a former trunk
campaign advisor Carter Paige has been a
clear partisan talking point Republicans
claiming it improperly used information
from the steel dossier Democrats
claiming their colleagues were
misrepresenting the document all right
let's take a closer look at Carter page
and where he fits in the Russia
investigation in 2013 Paige met a man
posing as a Russian diplomat to the
United Nations he provided him with
documents about the energy industry two
years later that man and two others were
charged in New York with being agents of
a foreign government Paige joined the
Trump campaign in 2015 the candidate
listed him as part of the foreign policy
team in 2016 Paige gave a talk in Moscow
that was critical of American policy
toward Russia
it appeared to praise Vladimir Putin
which caught the FBI's attention Paige
said he mentioned the trip to
then-senator and campaign surrogate Jeff
Sessions the FBI's FISA warrant on page
alleges that quote the FBI believes that
Paige has been the subject of targeted
recruitment by the Russian government to
quote undermine and influence the
outcome of the 2016 US presidential
election in violation of US criminal law
and remember this warrant and it's
renewals were approved by four different
federal judges Paige himself has not
been charged with a crime and denies the
allegations in the warrant joining us
now is former assistant special
Watergate prosecutor and now partner at
Dorsey and Whitney LLP Nick Ackerman
Nick good to see you good to see you you
go ahead you got those tweets early this
morning I woke up to see these tweets
this is what I don't get he took to
Twitter this morning claiming the FISA
warrant shows the steel dossier was the
source to obtain the warrant we have
heard the same thing from Devon Nunez
and while I did not go through all 400
pays at pages and I'm quite sure the
president didn't I know that's not the
case it was a lot more than the dossier
which is how they got the warrant from
let's
for judges all who appoint appointed by
Republican president Trump's statement
is a total lie I mean just by virtue of
that affidavit it goes back to 2013
prior to the Trump campaign in addition
the steal information wasn't the only
information that was in that warrant on
top of all that the idea that the press
account in Yahoo was somehow put in
there as false corroboration for what
Steele said again is a lie as put out
put out there by Devin Nunez because if
you look at the warrant itself it's in
there only for the purpose of giving
Carter pages exculpatory statements his
reasons why it wasn't you know why he
wasn't a Russian spy so from you know
Trump uses this he does the same thing
with the Kohen the raid on Cohen's
office he tweets out there that it's all
based on nothing and whatever the cases
and every time we talk to FBI people or
the lawyers at the Southern District of
New York or lawyers like you you know it
you can't just get these warrants for
nothing no you've got to have very
specific facts that in fact a an ongoing
crime is underway and is being committed
you have to have probable cause which is
not an easy standard I mean even though
this is the first time so it's not a
guess it's not eight we think these guys
but if you really have to have probable
cause you have to build a house to get a
warrant like this why isn't he indicted
because sometimes you don't come up with
enough evidence to prove someone guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt I mean this
happens all the time with wiretap
warrants and it doesn't mean he won't be
indicted at some point we don't know but
the fact of the matter is I as an
assistant US attorney I used to have
lots of War of warrants like this not
necessarily FISA but the format was the
same you'd look at all kinds of
different people you'd have informants
and various people who'd give you
information that would form the basis
for a warrant and a wiretap so I got one
question
the Trump campaign always throws these
guys under the bus right as soon as
somebody is indicted or named it through
coffee guy
volunteer is it possible they just don't
vet their people because there's a bit
of a pattern here there's a whole bunch
of people who apparently were not
important but who were important
including Paul Manafort and Connor Paige
and this kid Papadopoulos what do you
think no III think there's a clear
pattern here and and what they've tried
to do is take Carter page out of context
but when you look at the entire evidence
that we know in public what you've
really got is a concerted plan to
infiltrate the US government by Russia
you've got the most obvious which was
Donald Trump in Helsinki last week
groveling to Vladimir Putin and then
meeting with him in private for two
hours
you've got his campaign manager metaphor
who's going on trial today for basically
getting 75 million dollars from Russian
interest from the Russian government to
take care of their interest in the
Ukraine you've got Papadopoulos who was
aware of the break-in to the Democratic
National Committee back in March April
of 2016
you've got Roger stone who was talking
to both the people that were involved in
staging the release of those stolen
emails goose' 42.0 and you've got the
Republican National Convention where the
Trump campaign kept out any increase in
sanctions over the Ukraine you've got
Jared Kushner basically trying to get a
a secure communication system between
the bottom line is you've got the
Russian government taking over the US
government now without firing a single
shot that's what so what might be better
than is for Trump to stop saying it's a
witch hunt
and it's totally falls into say there
seem to have been some concerted effort
on the part of the Russians to
infiltrate my campaign which by the way
I would not have approved of and we need
a ferret this out this is the best
argument ever yep the fact that Russia
there was a cyber attack on our campaign
does not automatically mean Trump
campaign colluded it is by president
charms own hands that he's being squishy
about sanctions right the best evidence
is his consciousness of guilt the fact
that he tells James Comey not to
investigate flesh
who was dealing with the Russian
ambassador why not right because he's
afraid of what that evidence is going to
show this is the actions of a guilty man
who knows that the government is being
taken over by the Russians and he's just
a puppet for Vladimir Putin even if we
know there was a hack we're not saying
this doesn't make you the president no
one is going to put the tooth just say
what it was research it well and keep us
safe in the next day even after the
president corrected himself with the
wood in the wouldn't last week
he's undermined it yet again what we
could be everywhere we are on the walk
back I just don't know what this is a
liar and truth teller we've got a double
triple negatives III don't know what it
is hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
