also tonight a little bit of an update
on the jaw-dropping national security
story that broke late last night in The
New York Times this was the news that
the president has been knowingly using a
private unsecured cell phone to make
phone calls as president even though he
has been warned by White House personnel
that it's a serious security risk and
that foreign spy services can listen in
on those calls in fact the New York
Times found in its report they were told
for their report that China's spy
service has been not only regularly
listening in on the president's calls
Chinese spies have started a new and
active influence operation to use people
who are in contact with the President to
try to shift US policy in China's
direction they can do this in a way that
nobody's ever been able to do this to a
u.s. president before because President
Trump is reportedly insisting that he
should still speak on his private
unsecured cell phone despite the
security risks and because of that the
Chinese know who he is speaking to they
know what he and his interlocutors are
saying in those phone calls they know
what arguments he's making of what he's
hearing and now the Chinese are shaping
those conversations to benefit the
Chinese government just an astonishing
story right
after that story broke in The New York
Times last night a former White House
chief information officer from the
George W Bush administration told Fast
Company quote if true this may be the
largest most significant breach of White
House communications in US history now
the one still terrible silver lining in
the New York Times is a report from last
night was the part where current Trump
administration officials tried to sell
the New York Times on the fact that they
were quote confident that Trump was not
actually spilling secrets in these calls
that are monitored by the Chinese
government they're confident in that
quote because President Trump rarely
digs into the details of the
intelligence he is shown and is not
well-versed in the operational specifics
of military or covert activities I mean
this is supposed to be the silver lining
you can see why this is still terrible
right you can see
this might be cold comfort don't worry
about the presidents spilling anything
in terms of national security are really
important secrets and these calls that
the Chinese are listening to don't worry
about that you know he can't really
absorb anything all that secret he
doesn't pay attention to his briefings
that was the glass half-full part of
this amazing story in The Times last
night well the glass is not all that
full NBC News reports today that in fact
President Trump has been disclosing
sensitive information in these calls
that he has been making on his insecure
private phone and these good that the
Chinese have apparently been listening
in on all this time current US officials
tell NBC they have been worried for
months about the sensitive information
that President Trump has been disclosing
when he makes calls on that insecure
line including I kid you not to people
like cable news hosts at the Fox News
Channel lock lock hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
