Congressman Peter King a colleague of
congressman pestel's here is also
Republican in New York he has
represented his Long Island District for
25 years and largely defeated his
Democratic opponent three years with
total ease if there is going to be a big
blue wave he's a candidate like King
long believed to be rock-solid safe who
will find themselves out of a job
with three weeks the midterms that looks
like a possibility 538 now estimates
that King's Democratic challenger has a
two in seven chance of defeating King
and flipping that seat blue and that
challenger Luba bretch and surely joins
me now I should note we also invited
congressman King on the show I wanted to
talk to them a long time his office did
not respond you started out getting a
lot of attention for this sort of
remarkable petition the FEC you're a mom
you got two kids to be able to pay for
child care through the money that you've
raised for the campaign how is that
worked out because you want yeah no it's
it's worked out it's it's incredible
because it's actually changed the way
that people will run for office there is
a reason that we have so many
millionaires in Congress for an average
working American to take a year off of
your life give up your salary pay your
mortgage pay your taxes and your school
loans and also pick up the cost of child
care it's nearly impossible which is why
we have so many people in Washington who
don't understand the issues that we live
with every day and I have a two-year-old
and a four-year-old I ran the first six
months in the campaign with my kids till
3:30 every day when my mother would come
home she's a teacher and she'd take them
I would be at campaign rallies of the
baby strapped to my chest and it's it's
difficult but we put this request in
they approved it was bipartisan even Fox
News said it was the one bipartisan
thing they could agree with and we've
already seen women in seven different
states put in similar requests at the
State Election Commission's
you have raised a lot of money I'm in
the last quarterly out race in the last
two quarters this last quarter we
actually out raised in by more than half
a million dollars so with no corporate
PAC money yeah so where's the why are
you being why are you raising so much
money because people are sick and tired
of career politicians and millionaires
making really bad decisions for the rest
of us Peter King has been in office
since I was 12 he voted to take health
care away from 74,000 people in our
district that's one in ten he didn't
protect us against the tax bill in fact
he said he was in basic agreement with
the tax bill and that there's
nothing wrong with cutting taxes on the
top 1% of people he has would you repeal
that's it would you've got her killed
absolutely we need real tax cuts for
working Americans when we have tax cuts
and corporations we have more money in
the hands of corporate executives they
go out and buy yachts when we have more
money in the hands of working Americans
we buy groceries we start small
businesses we are the job creators and
we have such inequality right now that
people are in my district are working
three jobs to make ends meet and people
are sick and tired of politics as usual
and people voting for their corporate
donors Peter King has taken almost 50%
of his campaign contributions from
corporate PACs when you take hundreds of
thousands of dollars from the health
care industry and you vote to leave
74,000 people in your district without
health care people start paying
attention and that's why we're able to
raise the money so this I've looked at
so your ads it this sort of is in line
with what I was just saying with
Congress and Castella but you do seem to
mean the tax cuts in health care bill
which is the tube is too big domestic
policy priorities of this Republican
Congress you are running explicitly
against what the Republicans did like on
substantive legislature grounds absolute
you think that's winnable in your
district our district has been ignored
for so long last year I actually asked
Peter King if he would hold a town hall
and he told me that a town hall would
diminish democracy he said I'm on the
news all the time everybody knows what I
think about the issues it's time for
what he actually said that he actually
sent a direct quote it will diminish
democracy it is there's a recording of
it and it's a direct quote he actually
said last week when a reporter asked him
about the town I organized a town hall
for him hundreds of people showed up
there's a six-foot cardboard cutout of
Peter King in my attic right now and
this is why I'm running because I have
had enough of having a representative
who refuses to do the job he he doesn't
understand he actually said last week
that the Town Hall that I held he said I
refuse to succumb to mob rule this is
the new Republican talking point mob
rule to sit down and talk to your
constituents and answer questions about
your voting record that's you're not
doing the job and that's why we've got
Democrats supporting us we've got
Republicans supporting them better in
that district just with Democrats but
you know there are more Democrats in our
district yes registered yes there are
but we have a lot of Republican support
people love that we're not taking any
corporate PAC money they love that we're
talking about the issues and how these
issues actually
their bottom line Peter King has
completely ignored the district when you
knock on doors we've not done more than
a hundred thousand doors we knocked in
more than seven thousand doors in one
day alone this week when you knock on
doors people don't even know who Peter
King is they want to hear what you're
gonna do for their family right Gretchen
Shirley really great to have you here
thank you thank you thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
