and vice president Pence is touring the
country promoting the president's agenda
focusing on tax cuts the numbers he's
touting sound good but here's the vice
president Chattanooga Tennessee since
President signed our tax cut into law
got a little bit of good news that came
along is that more than six million
Americans have already received bonuses
or pay raises or bigger benefits even
before all the tax cuts have gone into
effect I was told coming in today fifty
six thousand workers across Tennessee
have already received a pay raise or a
bonus following the president's tax cuts
so let's take the vice president at his
word six million Americans received a
pay raise or a bonus as a result of the
tax cut but six million of the 161
million Americans in the total United
States workforce amounts to just three
point seven percent and as for the 56
thousand in the state of Tennessee that
is less than two percent of the state's
workforce seeing more money in their
paycheck that is hardly something to
brag about
when the White House was selling this
bill the Council of Economic Advisers
promised the average family would make
$4,000 more under the new plan according
to Jared Bernstein and the Center on
Budget and Policy Priorities real hourly
pay of middle class workers has risen
just 0.4 percent over the last 18 months
at this rate we will not see that $4,000
raise for another 28 years huh there
were only six months into the
president's tax cuts but so far the
biggest investments have been made in
stock buybacks
700 billion dollars worth in the first
two quarters meaning these tax savings
are bypassing workers and going straight
into shareholders pockets the biggest
picture here well it's bleak wages are
down please remember this
wages they are down for blue-collar
workers those forgotten Americans that
led to the rise of Trump these are
people working longer hours for less
money now an inflation it is starting to
rise in the average consumer now bracing
for more price increases thanks to the
president's brewing trade war if there
was ever a time that you
worker needed a raise it is right now so
last week the president taking a attack
on interest rate hikes by the Fed when
interest rates went when inflation
starts to rise part of that because of
oil prices the Fed goes in and raises
rates to try and slow the economy down
so it sounds a little good that the
president is saying he doesn't want
interest rates hike in rate hikes but
for a lot of working Americans inflation
is a real thing you're not getting an
increase in your wage this nonsense
about a four thousand dollar increase
this doesn't happen it's absolute
baloney the president can't possibly
make the argument that the economy is
stronger than ever Sarah Sanders says it
hasn't been as good since World War two
you cannot make that argument and then
at the same time argue that we have to
hold interest rates down we have been in
an economic recovery for nine years that
means like it or not the way the cycle
works a recession will come at some
point if there is no cushion if the Fed
has no cushion great tool what will we
do and we have to remind our audience
when President Obama was in office the
president regularly attacked then Fed
chair Janet Yellen saying she was
artifis president dropped it yes
artificially keeping interest rate she
was artificially keeping interest rates
low to serve President Obama and keep
the economy humming now he's president
asking his Fed chair
do the exact same thing but we really
have to focus on the fact that wages
Ally wages are down the BLS numbers from
June 2018 to June 2018 are down these
are the volts most vulnerable workers
out there so while these tax cuts have
lined the pockets of CEOs and executives
in corporate America and shareholders
and these buybacks those who need it
most are getting below I mean I run into
people to hear well the tax cuts are
working and I'm sure for some people
they're working really really really
well exactly the people you and I sat
here for months telling people they were
going to work for they're not working
for the Forgotten American who thought
that Donald Trump was going to get them
a better deal that's worth remembering
not yet hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
