sort out with these top-secret documents
do tell us setting aside that this was
an unprecedented release of information
but depending on your point of view
there's a little something in it for
everyone
sure so Hallie this FISA document which
is perhaps one component of a much much
larger investigation has really become
kind of a political fulcrum for people
to either attack or support the
investigation that's going on looking
into allegations of Russian collusion
and looking into these allegations about
any possible involvement with the Trump
campaign on one hand for folks that say
well this FISA warrant shouldn't have
been approved because it comes from
somebody who is putting together a
dossier in that dossier is unverified in
and as the president tweeted is he
believes that it's fake there's it's
clear and it's clear from the document
that information that was derived from
Christopher Steele was part of the FISA
it was not all of the FISA it was a
floor of the house but the FBI had
already established a foundation and was
well on its way of building a house if
you want to use that analogy how so
there's so that's on on one side of it
folks can say well the dossier was used
to put together this FISA warrant on the
other hand folks have criticized the the
FISA application including some members
of the house saying that this that the
FBI never disclosed to the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Court the the
judges that approved these warrants
saying that where the information came
from and actually I want to be able to
show you here we've prepared it a bit of
the warrant where it actually
specifically says Hallie in the FISA
application it says that the FBI knows
where this information is coming from
it's somebody who's provided them
reliable information in the past but hey
this information is being derived from
somebody who's being paid to get the
information and we speculate this the
FBI's words we speculate that the person
paying for this information is trying to
discredit candidate one who's donald
trump in this in this FISA application
so you know for both sides that have
criticized it saying hey the FBI was
forthright with the judge there's
information in there for folks that have
attacked this FISA application saying
hey you know some of the information
that that helped build the FISA
application came from the from the
ah seeing the person that prepared that
that's in there too so that's why both
sides have that have something to talk
about here but it's not it's not a total
both sides ISM right because you do have
these this this question now surrounding
the man and the floppy hat himself
Carter page he was out on the sunday
shows Clint talking with I think was
CNN's Jake Tapper I want to play you
what he had to say
listen this is so ridiculous it's just
beyond words
you know it's you're talking about
misleading the courts it's just so
misleading I've never been an agent of
the foreign power in any by any stretch
of the imagination
so Clint Carter page is doing what he's
done before denying any wrongdoing he
says he sort of distancing himself as
well from the Trump campaign despite at
one point calling himself an informal
advisor saying now wow that was
exaggeration that was spin explain the
why the release of this application is
so unprecedented because the fact that
this is out at all is very significant
right FISA applications are sealed in
secret because you're actually trying to
protect the person that oftentimes it
being investigated remember a FISA
application is pursuing probable cause
which is not an indictment but this is
oftentimes confused in the public you
were looking for probable cause to
extend an investigation in this case
they didn't know exactly but they had
worries about it because page had been
targeted by Russian intelligence
services before so whenever he showed up
again in the orbit of other Russian
intelligence service personnel they
wanted to go ahead and investigate that
that's the probable cause for looking
into this well we don't know when the
FISA application is there are hundreds
of other pages of information there lots
of documentation and this dossier tissue
was not the single source for the FISA
application is they'd like to try and
convince you in the public FISA
applications not only is there lots of
source information multiple sources it's
also designed in this case for
counterintelligence which is to protect
the target so one of the things that
would be looking is is the Russian
government trying to penetrate the Trump
campaign or is Paige potentially being
targeted unwittingly as he claims before
in an espionage effort so there's
multiple layers to this multiple reasons
why you would want to go
upon it and in the context of the
investigation Paul Manafort Carter page
Papadopoulos all within that month page
showing up on stage in Moscow this is a
very large document and I hope the
public understands it is an
investigative tool is not an indictment
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
