and and and yet Walter Isaacson today
four minutes ago I just see Rand Paul's
pathetic tweet sad and pathetic sad and
pathetic tweet by Rand Paul today I will
meet with a president and I will ask him
to revoke John Brennan's security
clearance oh man yes he's got a chance
to meet with the president United States
go and talk about Donald Trump adopting
the KGB's approach tonight oh yeah
kowtow to Vladimir Putin you can talk
about so many things that most Americans
are concerned about about him
undermining the FBI the Director of
National Intelligence the CIA and yet
he's going Rand Paul a United States
Senator is going to the White House to
talk about John Brennan he talked about
devid una security clearance which Paul
Ryan was at one point strong enough to
push back on davin newness but now you
just see weaklings you know weak
backbones people being craven and you
know nobody's gonna write the profiles
in courage for a while because so many
people have sold their souls just for
the sake of a little bit of a primary
victories then I can go down in history
savoring those primary victories if
they've lost their soul you go back and
listen to some of the things that Rand
Paul said about Donald Trump during the
debates and now you look at him now I
just it really is it is a real real
tragedy
like a long list Blake thank you so much
Susan page stay with us and still ahead
there's energy and momentum with the
progressive movement these days but
there's also the question of whether the
moderate wing of the Democratic Party
can keep up and what that means if they
can't we're gonna be talking about that
when Morning Joe returns thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to
on the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
