now let's let's turn to the FISA
warrants and Carter page for the first
time in the history of the 40 year-old
the secret court that was established by
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act documents that supported a warrant
were released this weekend a Freedom of
Information Act lawsuit disclosed the
October 2016 application to wiretap
Carter page a trump campaign foreign
policy advisor along with several
renewal applications after Donald Trump
Declassified their existence earlier
this year among its 400 pages many of
which are redacted the application
states quote the FBI believes page has
been the subject of targeted recruitment
by the Russian government and identifies
page is a former foreign policy adviser
to a candidate for president it says
quote the FBI believes the Russian
government's efforts are being
coordinated with page and perhaps other
individuals associated with that
campaign and it adds the FBI believes it
page has been collaborating and
conspiring with the Russian government
page called the claims ridiculous and so
misleading the application used the
still dossiers claim that paid spoke
with senior Russian officials about
lifting sanctions related to Russia's
actions in Ukraine though the unredacted
portion show it was used it that it used
other materials as well the application
and it's renewals show that all of the
judges who signed off on the wiretapping
were appointed by wait for it wait for
it wait for it
angry Republican presidents part of
Donald Trump's 13 angry people in the
investigation
you can four of those 13 you can
actually put down as four Republican
judges they've been witness there's so
much to go to here but first of all just
as a public service announcement to
Morning Joe viewers the 87 million
people watching and listening on Armed
Forces Radio across the world I'm making
that up
tell us just how dramatic a change from
precedent it was to have the FISA
process made public and and the great
risks that go along with that and then
we'll ask you more about the court or
application the quarter-page application
yeah so I mean I think the the answer to
the question how unusual is it is that
it's completely unprecedented 20-plus
years ago when I was a very young
reporter for a legal newspaper I did
what I think is the first sort of major
story about the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court in the mid 1990s and
at the time the Justice Department made
a decision to cooperate with the story
as did the court by the way and they you
know they all talked on the record and
we had a lot of conversations about FISA
the one thing I asked for that they said
no way nohow you're never gonna get was
the word-processing template for a FISA
application that is not only were they
not willing to give a like a used
application with everything redacted
they weren't even willing to let me see
the the mock-up that they write off of
that shows the structure of it which is
you know if you take all the material
out essentially what this is in addition
this has the name of a target in it
which and it has a lot of the material
that they use to support the application
so it's completely unprecedented it's a
huge change and it reflects the degree
to which the president has by talking
about this process in a false fashion
forced the release of information and
the way Devon Nunez has by talking about
this information falsely forced the
Department to contemplate the release of
truthful information that can itself be
very damaging
yeah and Carol Lee what did we find out
from the doc
that were released from the Justice
Department well a number of things
including that some of which you read
which is that there was a very clear
directive there was a very clear belief
that Carter page was conspiring with
Russia to in ways that that were
nefarious and and also that the renewals
of this FISA warrant suggest while we
that part is redacted and we don't know
exactly what was learned that led to
those renewals of the the FISA warrant
they show the pate the number of pages
that the application was grew with each
time and so there was information that
clearly they had learned in surveilling
him that led to renewals and so I think
the main question coming out of the law
and you look at the what was released is
what what was that and maybe we'll learn
that in coming months and and maybe we
won't but there was very clearly you
know it kind of debunks what the
President had said that and that you
know there was a Republican memo that
was released that it was a head it was
honor ated him or show that there was
something that what this was not done in
a proper way it certainly is another
instance where that is debunked and it
shows that there was a real cause for
this and Benjamin witness obviously the
president's tweet this weekend claiming
that the documents exonerated him were
ridiculous not not not fact-based to say
the least
talk about what you what your main
takeaway was from the FISA documents
released this weekend well I guess my
main takeaway is that this is pretty
much what I always imagined a FISA
application would look like which is to
say packed with information you know it
is not in support of a criminal
conviction right so the fact that some
of the information people may later
raise questions about they're only
trying to establish probable cause for
purposes of a warrant surveillance
warrant not prove the guy in a guilty of
a crime to lock him up
so but it's packed with information some
of which we can see some of which is
redacted some of which involves highly
sensitive intelligence sources some of
which is so a sensitive that it's
blacked out and I think the most
important point is that there were
multiple renewals each renewal grows in
the the package grows implying that they
are getting new information along the
way and at no point does either the
Justice Department hierarchy or the
court say hey wait a minute this
material isn't good enough to support
the surveillance that you're requesting
and so I think it's you know it really
does give the lie to both the President
and the House Republicans claims that
there was something nefarious or
inappropriate here yeah and John
Heilemann I wanted to follow up with you
about the lies from Devon Nunez Paul
Ryan of the House Republicans I remember
when I when I ran first ran in 1994
not only my not only myself but probably
every other Republican across America
was still attacking the Democratic Party
because of their attacks on the Intel
community throughout the 1960's and
1970's the Church Commission you go down
the line we said the Democrats were
insufficiently loyal to the Intel
communities and it damaged their ability
to go out across the world and do the
important work they need to do to
protect Americans well I just I cannot
believe that what the Republicans are
doing now what Paul Ryan has allowed to
happen what Devon Nunez acting is a
useful idiot for the Russian government
at the very least what what they did
this last week trying to defend the
indefensible with Donald Trump actually
adopting Soviet foreign policy that
attempts to break up NATO instead of
5060 years of US policy I can
believe that doesn't stick the
Republicans not only in the midterms but
for the next 30 years yeah well I think
maybe the next 30 years is the more
important thing than the midterms and I
don't know how it'll play out in the
midterms but I do want to pick up on
that because what Ben wood has said a
second ago
look we know the president is a liar
president lies reflexively
pathologically on a daily basis and
maybe this thing I'm about to say is
also not news but nothing nothing that
has happened over the course the last 18
months is more vividly demonstrated the
extent to which the House Republicans on
that Intel committee and particularly
Devin Newman Nunez are engaged in
nothing other than a transparent effort
to why prevaricate throw up the fog
throw up smoke in order to try to
protect this president rather than doing
their jobs and this this is an
extraordinary thing seeing all this
documentation but it really just makes
clear again if it wasn't clear enough
already the extent to which Devin Nunez
who's the chairman of that committee a
committee that in the past has done
great important bipartisan work has
become completely corrupted by whatever
there are you could you could spent you
can spend all day speculating about what
that corruption what the source of that
corruption is but this shows the extent
to which this guy who said he hadn't
even read the documents he admitted at
the time and yet was willing to cast
aspersions on the Intel community was
willing to cast aspersions and basically
stand up and say well Carter page is I'm
sure he's fine and it's all about Steele
dossier all of that obliterated by these
documents now I want to ask him Michael
Schmidt how is it that I mean it really
one of the things that most baffles me
is how at this point in 18 months in
given the repeated depredations of Devon
Nunez Republicans on that committee and
Paul Ryan and supporting them how is it
that that committee is even a functional
thing anymore or is it now just
something that has no relevance
whatsoever
except in the political realm and has
nothing to do with the with the
oversight of the Intelligence Committee
or anything that touches the
Intelligence Committee a community well
it really isn't and they they don't work
together on anything and they spend a
lot of their time on cable television
attack
each other it's pretty much you know
just a political thing it's where the
political fight about the Trump Russia
story goes on on a daily basis and I
can't see any of that changing under the
current circumstances there had been
some expectation after the election that
there would be this bipartisan effort to
get to the bottom of what happened we
see more of that on the Senate side
where the Senate Intelligence Committee
is doing an investigation far less noise
far less fighting some more hearings a
little bit more transparent a little bit
more idea that they are working together
at the same time they have not completed
their investigation Muller's
investigation goes on we do not have a
9/11 style Commission that would produce
some sort of large report for the public
on this so it allows different notions
conspiracy theories false narratives to
continue especially out of that
committee yeah Mike Barnicle it it seems
to me picking up on what John Heilemann
just said and Michael Schmidt that where
we are headed if if you are reading the
tea leaves and believe that the
Democrats are going to take over the
House of Representatives I think most
people would suggest that they would
even historically if you look at the
numbers of seats that a sitting
president loses Democrats are gonna most
likely take over the house and because
of the map Republicans probably will
hold on to the Senate could hold on to
the Senate what we're probably going to
see next year if the odds play out the
way most people suspect they are is
you're going to see a bipartisan
bicameral investigation into Russia led
by Richard burr Republican from North
Carolina on the cities on the Senate
side and a Democrat to be named later a
possibly Adam Schiff but a Democrat to
be named later
from the house of representatives on the
house side and so you have one
Republican who has been a straight
shooter all along a
Democrat and from the house and you
spend the next year actually getting to
the bottom of this in good faith and
figuring out what happened when it
happened what did the president know and
when did he know it yeah joe that's
gonna be a priority I mean everything
we've spoken about here this morning in
the first 20 minutes is of critical
national importance there's no doubt
about it the Iran tweet Carter's page
the FISA warrants but right up there
right up there is the corruption of the
process that has taken place in the
House of Representatives over the past
18 months with Paul Ryan the Speaker of
the House Republicans Speaker of the
House allowing and in some cases
encouraging devyn newness to carry on a
concerted and consistent effort to
obstruct justice
using a House committee and you've been
witnessed we got to go to break but it's
more than just obstructing justice for
Donald Trump what Devon newness is done
with the help of Paul Ryan through this
FISA process has undermined our
intelligence community undermined
intelligence gathering and revealed not
only to Russians but to members of al
Qaeda the members of Iran's
Revolutionary Guard to members of Isis
apart it's not the part of most intel
process that that we've we that we've
hidden for 40 years yeah it's not a lot
of things here I mean he has really
shown that the United States
intelligence community cannot protect
sources from Congress and that when you
know Congress will out them and will
force the intelligence community to out
them
he has also really taken a sledgehammer
to the intelligence oversight system
which was built in the wake of Watergate
in order to prevent the intelligence
community from running amok and abusing
people's civil liberties and you know if
you don't have a functioning
congressional intelligence oversight
system
then what actually prevents the
intelligence community from behaving
badly and so it's it's really an attack
not just on the effectiveness of the
intelligence community but also on the
ability to monitor the intelligence
community which is of course precisely
what he purports to be doing and Devin
Nunez and his close friend Paul Ryan did
this all in defense of the indefensible
I hope that works well for him moving
forward that's not really a story you
want to tell you grandchildren
still thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
