late today Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis
issued the following statement obviously
there is an ongoing investigation and we
are sensitive to that but suffice it to
say that when the recording is heard it
will not hurt mr. Cohen any attempt that
any spin cannot change what is on the
tape for more I'm joined by Michael
Schmidt who broke the story for the New
York Times and joins us by phone lauren
Ami's political reporter for Politico
Tim O'Brien Bloomberg opinion executive
editor and author of Trump nation and
Katie Fang and MSNBC legal analyst
thanks to all of you for being with us
Michael
who reported this to start with let me
begin with you and just again to take us
through the basics here this is about a
conversation that took place in the fall
of 2016 during the campaign at that
point the National Enquirer had the
lights to this story to us a
MacDougall's story and the conversation
was about potentially paying the
National Enquirer for that is that right
this was going to be a payment that was
for to buy the rights to the story to
essentially ensure that it continued to
remain silent
this was in September just two months
before the election obviously as you
just pointed out in November the
campaign is denying any type of deal or
knowledge of anything of any type of
money that was there but this
conversation is brought up in the
context of The Enquirer payment that was
made to the model now Cohen secretly
recorded the president the president
Blair saying that he did not know that
Cohen was reporting it at the time it's
only two minutes long Michael Cohen
recorded a lot of different things it
appears like this one reverses president
is the most salacious in terms of
there's a discussion here but do we know
if there actually was a payment so there
is ultimately never a second payment
that is made that's what the president's
lawyers are saying today that this
payment was not made and what they are
also saying is that the tape indicate
that the president did not know there's
no evidence that the president knew that
months earlier the national choir had
paid to buy the models story there is no
indication on the tape of that and that
why Giuliani is claiming that it's a
good thing for the credit okay let me
bring in Katie thing then our attorney
legal expert here Katie from a legal
standpoint when you look at what's
reported today when you look at all of
the other questions that have been
swirling about Michael CO and his role
with Trump and in these these alleged
payments what do you make of it legally
do you see any kind of a crime here so
the crime that we need to be focusing on
is whether or not there's been a
violation of federal campaign finance
laws was there a violation of the
contribution limits and was there a
violation in terms of a failure to
disclose that this contribution was made
now Giuliani's running around today
saying that this is a skullet Orion that
benefits Donald Trump but fundamentally
it doesn't you know you don't have to be
a lawyer to be concerned about a
client's credibility what we've heard
thus far is and denial by the Trump
administration in November of 2016
that they even knew about this but
clearly that's a lie Steve because in
September of 2016 on a tape you've got
Trump and Cohen talking about it so what
do we have in terms of some legal kind
of takeaway from this well now we have
an answer to that question why was
Michael Cohen making these tapes these
tapes were his insurance it wasn't to
just memorialize the conversation he had
with a client
these were tapes made to ensure that if
he needed to use them later he'd have
the opportunity to do so okay when you
say campaign finance violations for
folks trying to put that together what
you're saying there essentially is what
this is potentially damaging information
about Donald Trump during a presidential
campaign and so the campaign finance
aspect would be that a payment designed
to keep that quiet would essentially
amount to campaign spending
absolutely so it's the idea that you're
making a campaign contribution for the
purpose of influencing the outcome of an
election and you always have to not only
follow the money but you have to look at
the timing of the payment this payment
was done in terms of the ami payment in
August of 2016
two months prior to the presidential
election and in this conversation we're
hearing about Steve between Trump and
Cohen is well maybe we should buy these
rights from AMI why because Trump wanted
to be the gatekeeper of the secrets
he didn't want anybody to know about
this before the election that
hurt at the beginning of November 2016
well as Michael mentioned at the top
rudy giuliani the president's lawyer
confirmed the recordings the New York
Times saying the conversation was less
than two minutes long The Wall Street
Journal reporting tonight the
conversation was taped in person
Giuliani confirmed that Trump had
directed Cohen to make the payment but
quote the payment was never made adding
that mr. Trump had told mr. Cohen that
if he were to make a payment related to
Ms mcdougal to write a check rather than
send cash so it could be properly
documented Tim you know something about
Trump world first of all the idea that
there's somebody this close to Donald
Trump his personal lawyer the guy that
called his fixer Michael Cohen the idea
that he recorded this conversation it
now potentially more conversations is
that something that was ever you think
on Donald Trump's radar that that could
be going on clearly I think you know he
said today he was very surprised where
he was quoted as saying he was very
surprised that Michael taped him so I
think he is clearly surprised that this
occurred although Trump spent most of
his career threatening business
acquaintances other lawyers and
journalists that he was taping them a
lot of times that was just bravado
Trump's always had people in his orbit
who are fixers who go out and settle
problems for him and that's the role
that Michael Kohn has played for him I
think there's you know I don't know
legally how much this issue with the
payments are gonna come home to roots
for the president in a way that's
actually threatening to him I don't
think campaign finance law violations
are really gonna be a threat to him I
think the issue with Michael Kohn goes
beyond this sort of thing it's what did
he know about transactions in Russia he
was he was involved with Felix aider in
trying to get a hotel built a new Trump
Tower in Moscow he and Sator brought
Ukrainian peace plans to Michael Flynn
there's all these odd little moments
which Michael Michael Kohn is
intersecting around the Russian issue
and that's more at what's at the heart
of what of what Muller is looking at is
Trump's you know inner circle
intersecting with Russians or Russian
cutouts to influence the outcome of the
2016 campaign so that's the other thing
that's the bigger picture thing that's
kind of been hanging here because
Michael Kony gave this interview to ABC
he hires Lanny Davis there's been this
sense that he's trying to convey some
kind of message to Donald Trump and one
of the sort of guessing games I've been
watching today as this
plays out is who's trying to send the
message to who here is this another
example of Cohen maybe trying to send a
message to Trump is this is a message
some are saying it did Trump and his
team are trying to send to Cohen right
well so it's a debate over who the
source was I'm sure we could ask Mike
Schmidt about it but we don't want to
give anything away it if it's if the
source is Michael Cohen and his lawyers
it says one thing if it's Rudy Giuliani
or the president's attorneys it says
another if it's Michael Cohen leaking it
then I definitely think you could see it
as a warning shot or a cry for help or a
signal that he's intending to cooperate
and some people have suggested that if
it's the president's attorneys are Rudy
Giuliani then they do see it as
potentially good news for the president
or they're trying to get out ahead of a
bad news story at this point there are a
lot of lawyers who have their hands on
the material that was seized in the FBI
raid on on Cohen's office and his hotel
room there's a lot of potential sources
well you know Michael I look I I know I
did a few total I was gonna ask you to
reveal a source or anything but let me
ask you this way just here is your sense
do you have any sense of the motive of
who was leaking this no you know I think
sometimes that that stuff is taken a
little too looked at to blacken lightly
in the media that things are sort of
doled out it yeah look this is a
important part of the current Trump
story Trump faces sort of a two-front
war legally here in New York there's an
investigation that's focused on Colin
but Tom's lawyers don't really know the
full extent of what the authorities are
looking at there so fighting over what
they see the US Attorney's office in
Manhattan can have and can look at and
whether anything is protected that
Michael Cohen has obviously Michael
Cohen has not formally agreed to
cooperate with the government and these
the lawyers still don't know the full
extent of whether the president has any
exposure there on the other side they
still have the butler investigation in
Washington where the French president's
lawyers think they understand the depth
and breadth of that investigation but
they have a very important decision to
make that they continue to put off it
was whether to allow the president's
listed for interview one of the issues
that they do not want it to be
questioned about in that
he said that certainly our baby was also
that issue here again of the National
Enquirer am i David pecker the chairman
of am i which owns the National Enquirer
he has been friends with Donald Trump
for decades and according to New York
Times since the early stages of his
campaign in 2015 mr. Trump his lawyer
Michael Cohen and mr. pecker have
strategized about protecting him and
lashing out at his political enemies in
a 20-17
New Yorker profile mr. pecker denied
ever killing stories on behalf of Trump
he did however tell the magazine that he
considered an attack on Trump to be an
attack on Ami and in June it was
reported that ami had been subpoenaed by
federal prosecutors for records related
to the mcdougal payment this is a story
unto itself Tim the National Inquirer I
don't think they typically endorsed
presidential candidates they endorsed
Donald from 2016 there's a closeness
here that extends back to - well before
Donald Trump was a political character
and speaks to I think Trump's history of
coddling or cozying up to gossip writers
and then the sort of tabloid press he
did it forever in New York with the
tabloids he always maintained close
relationships with the people who wrote
those columns which you ne would dole
out little bits of gossip about the
business world of the political world or
the or society in exchange for favorable
coverage and and his relationship with
the National Enquirer sort of a grande
mild version of that relationship he
connected pecker two things that pecker
was interested in in turn pecker gave
him fawning coverage it was clear quid
pro quo and that's the thing I think
that folks are trying to reading this
today certainly I have the question if
the National Enquirer had this story and
there was a discussion potentially about
paying and then there was no payment why
wouldn't there be if you're running for
president you're worried about it and
this is this is what it's going to take
to get it buried why wouldn't the
payment that happen i I can't speak to
why the president didn't pay or there
was no agreement reached for a payment
but I I do think one of the most
interesting aspects of what happened
today is the fact that Michael Cohen
taping his client which former federal
prosecutors I spoke to today said is
totally unethical and almost come
lately unheard of really undermines this
narrative that we've all been talking
about for months about Cohen's loyalty
to his client somebody who taped their
client and potentially exposes them to
this do they really have that clients
interest at heart
is he really upholding his his
responsibility to his client maybe he
was not the kind of writer died sidekick
that we all thought he was well let me
ask you Kay just very quickly as a
lawyer is it something have you heard of
that before a lawyer tape in his own
client like this well you can do it you
can do it in New York you can tape your
clients you can tape other people it's a
one-party consent state but that's the
reason why I say Steve why are you doing
it well it's true you want to make sure
that you have this information if it has
a value for you later on and that's why
and to very quickly answer that question
Steve why that payment was never made
why do you have to make the payment if
he's already made president at the
beginning of November you didn't have to
make that payment you never had to buy
the rights to that life story yeah well
I know a lot of people I think if they
felt their lawyer was recording them
probably wouldn't have that person as a
lawyer much longer Michael Schmitt Laura
Nami is Tim O'Brien Katie thank thank
you all for being with us and coming up
the White House in an uproar over
comments by Trump's top spy officials
claiming Director of National
Intelligence dan coates hey they're
armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
