President Trump and Vladimir Putin part
two discussions are now underway for the
Russian leader to visit Washington DC at
some point this fall the announcement on
Twitter by White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders catching many by
surprise
including the Director of National
Intelligence dan coates he learned the
news from NBC's Andrea Mitchell during a
live interview at the Aspen Security
Forum we have some breaking news the
White House has announced on Twitter
that Vladimir Putin is coming to the
White House in the fall okay that's
gonna be special that's going to be
special the announcement comes after
president Trump faced massive bipartisan
I'm gonna say that one more time
bipartisan backlash for his comments
during the summit with Putin in Finland
can you believe that was on Monday it
feels like a lifetime ago namely for not
backing Trump's own intelligence
community's clear assessment that Moscow
interfered in the 2016 presidential
election and blaming the u.s. for the
deteriorating relations with Russia and
in a week of walk back to clarify
patience clean ups and complete
reversals the White House now says
president Trump is rejecting Putin's
offered to allow US investigators to
question 12 Russians indicted for
election meddling in exchange for the
u.s. agreeing to let Moscow question
some American officials including former
US ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul
and do not forget here is how President
Trump first reacted to Putin's offer on
Monday five days ago what he did is an
incredible offer
he offered to have the people working on
the case
and work with their investigators with
respect to the 12 people I think that's
an incredible offer okay did you hear
that he called it an incredible offer on
Monday then there was this explanation
from Sara Huckabee Sanders on Wednesday
the president's gonna meet with his team
and we'll let you know when we have an
announcement on that second is that a
topic that came up in their conversation
raised this with President Trump there
was some conversation about it but there
wasn't a commitment made on behalf of
the United States and the president will
work with his team and we'll let you
know if there's an announcement on that
front we'll let you know the president
is going to work with his team now
absolutely rejecting no way Jose and
let's point out the timing of the
president now rejecting the offer
it comes as the Senate unanimously
approved a non-binding resolution 98 to
0 declaring the United States should
refuse to make any former diplomat
available to Russian investigators the
last time we saw this sort of bipartisan
support in Congress was when Congress
had to force the president's hand to put
in place Russian sanctions do you see a
pattern here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
