Doni D is a legendary advertiser and
marketing man what do you make of the
president United States and we're gonna
get to this news in one second but it
was just really shocking that the
president ended States after being
called treasonous by quite a few people
in the foreign policy defense community
still trying to clean up which is going
to be our top story you know the mess
that he created when he went to Helsinki
and kowtow to an ex KGB agent that he
rushes to announce that now Vladimir
Putin is coming to Washington before
cleaning up the last mess on aisle 7
what's your take you know it's
interesting Joe use the T word and at
the beginning of the week a lot of
Democrats were a lot of people are using
it and all of a sudden it was all maybe
that's too hard but I don't think
extreme to use that that treason words
you know adhering to their enemies
giving them aid and comfort and I don't
know how else you describe what Trump
did at the beginning the weekend to your
point now he's doubling down on it I
think that Trump like a petulant child
at any time in any way he's rebuked
about anything his response is to double
well first to walk it back and then walk
back to walk back and then to double
down just putting it in our faces
putting it in Americans faces and I as a
branding guy I have no trepidation all
about assigning that treason word we it
is no different that had somebody
attacked the United States with missiles
when you attack our voting system
actually you're doing more harm to us
because once you destroy that process
our democracy is over if you have an
election we can't believe in it that is
an act of war in any way sense or form
and we have a treasonous president who
now put it in our face in Finland he's
now gonna bring it to our own Shores and
as Jonathan Swan talked about access the
fact that 80% of Republicans think that
he behaved okay give him a stamp of
approval you know your ex parte a Joe
when you wrote about it yesterday in
Washington Post shamed up on these
pathetic whimpering hours yeah yeah I I
wrote about it yesterday who are these
people and what have they done to my
party
80% of Americans think it's okay to D
cower before an ex-kgb agent to insult
allies a you you do wonder this isn't
just a donald trump problem now this is
a problem with the party casts wide and
let really quickly before we move on to
the first script what John Heilemann
this is something that we really need to
talk about because I personally believe
it changes not only the face of the
Republican Party but in the long run
destroys the Republican Party that you
have treason was used by so many people
criticizing Donald Trump even The Wall
Street Journal said that Congress needed
to pass a containment plan not only for
Putin but also for Donald Trump you had
the president of united states doing
Vladimir Putin's bidding exactly what he
wanted him to do attacking NATO
attacking Theresa May attacking Germany
attacking Angela Merkel attacking all of
our closest allies again as we're
hearing just about every night it seems
on Russian TV commentators in Russia's
shock saying we couldn't even succeed
this well in the Cold War now Donald
Trump's doing all of our work for us but
what is a long-term impact of a
Republican party now who not only is
embracing Vladimir Putin and embracing
Vladimir Putin's agenda which is to
destroy NATO and disrupt elections but
now they're also I think I saw somebody
last night a quoted pupil that 73% of
Republicans now support tariffs and
protectionism which again is a complete
reversal that will have impact in the
long run on this party well Joe I think
that the corruption and bankruptcy of
the Republican Party has been a long
time in the making but that there is no
Republican Party anymore
in in any sense that you
would have defined the Republican Party
10 years ago in the way that you would
have defended that the what the
Republican Party had stood for at least
in the post-world War two ERA it is it
has become the party of Donald Trump and
so in a thorough way we've seen this not
just in the polling the startling were
polling in relation to how Republicans
now have seen the performance of donald
trump in helsinki presumably how they
will see his invitation now of vladimir
putin to come to washington to give him
the ultimate kind of rather than to
chastise him rather than to to criticize
him for Russia's role in meddling in the
American election he's bait he's giving
him the ultimate kind of kind of cherry
on top of the sundae this is the thing
that a Russian president would want most
of all to get especially in this I bet
John but John as it goes to Republicans
yes rank-and-file Republicans say is
seventy five eighty percent say they
liked what he did in Helsinki went even
again his closest allies in the media
said that he was either treasonous are a
complete dupe who are these people that
that that I grew up with that were the
most the toughest on Russia that fought
the Cold War alongside with NATO when
when when the Soviets goal during the
Cold War is the same goal that Vladimir
Putin has now which is to disrupt
Western democracies and break up NATO
but the goal is identical yes so what
Republicans always supported and you
talk about trade seventy three percent
of Republicans now are telling pollsters
that they think tariffs are good for
America this again who are these people
it's like these are like political
body-snatchers Joe these are the people
who now call them so now are the
Republican Party the people who you
think of as having constituted the
Republican Party in in your life growing
up in the party they are now either no
longer in the party or they are in a
kind of weak and Craven way sitting on
the sidelines and wringing their hands
over what Donald Trump has done to the
party but not really doing much about it
some of them are speaking out some of
them are not you can see as David
Ignatius said
over the course of this week as I
watched from vacation it has made the
point that you could kind of feel though
the president the fabric of the
presidency ripping and you can hear
there are more Republicans speaking out
it's not nearly as much as you might
expect but there are more who are
speaking out but the rank-and-file the
party now the bid that the grassroots of
the Republican Party are people who
believe what Donald Trump believes and
not what you believe and not what
Republicans believed in the post-world
War two ERA but they don't believe in
free trade they don't believe in
immigration they don't believe in in in
in standing up to Russian previously
Soviet expansionism they don't believe
in NATO they don't believe those things
that's not what the Republican Party is
anymore and so to answer your question I
don't know what happens because as you
pointed out many times over the course
of the last 18 months there will be a
period after Donald Trump whether that's
in fewer than a couple years from now
whether Donald Trump makes it through
whether he gets her his first term is
forestalled whether a Donald Trump makes
it through one term but then gets beaten
or whether he gets a reelection at some
point there will be a a life after
Donald Trump and then the Republican
Party is gonna look up and say what what
are we what have we become
and does that lead to a fundamentally
the evolution of the party structures in
American political life yeah they're
going to look at their election results
and ask the question what have we done
and why did we sit by and allow this to
happen the way it did but Susan Dell
Percy I'm just curious you know if you
go to a Reagan dinner a Lincoln Reagan
dinner I used to just be Lincoln dinners
where Republicans would every year
usually January February March have
their big fundraising dinner inviting
the speaker but if you got a Lincoln
Reagan dinner now you're talking to a
rank-and-file if you believe these polls
you're talking to Reagan file that no
longer believe in free trade okay so I
guess what I said at Lincoln Reagan
dinners about free trade I couldn't say
any more if I were still a Republican
you talk about balancing the budgets and
reducing the debt boy one of the biggest
expansions and deficits and debt
spending in the history of our country
is through the world so I couldn't talk
about
that you talk about standing up to an
expansionist Russia being tough not
leading from behind you talk about your
alliances with you know NATO I mean
these are the things that we talked
about for 50 years not I not me for 50
years but at least for two decades and
you can go to every Reagan Lincoln
dinner across America Lincoln Reagan
dinner across America and you could say
the same thing wherever you went and you
get the applause now according to these
polls it's not a split now 80% of
Americans are fine with Donald Trump's
cow towing to an ex-kgb agent who wants
to destroy our allies and wants to
disrupt our elections and they now you
look at this poll they support tariffs
like what the hell is what the hell who
the hell are these people what is wrong
with these Republicans where has the
party not of my youth but of my early
50s gone it's Gondo and it's it's really
difficult I was reading their column
this morning and I too said like where
is my party I don't recognize it and I
could have gone to a Lincoln Day dinner
even a year ago or two years ago and
heard those things it's it has happened
so quickly let's not forget we did have
strong Republicans running for president
for 2016 Donald Trump did beat them and
but they were but you know what no Jeb
Bush legit is this certainly legitimate
strong candidate Marco Rubio may not
have agreed with their policies however
they were strong Republicans and they
were beaten by the personality of Donald
Trump at that point the policies of
Donald Trump are now is with is what has
defeated the Republican Party and that
is putting us in a very difficult
situation and personally I think if we
don't start to see Republican
organizations setting up the field for
2020 to open it up for a conservative
Republican
to run or just a principled Republican
I'll leave it at that then we are going
to see this party dive way deeper and I
just like to talk about the beginning of
the segment before we knew about Russia
undermining our elections let's not
forget Donald Trump did that two weeks
before Election Day in 2016 he
questioned the validity of the of our
elections he said he may not accept the
really really relaxed results and that
really is the kind of what led us down
this road that where we are today from
two weeks before 20 the auction in 2016
and and by the way again just as we wrap
up this week a lot of people have said
throughout the week that Donald Trump
was cow telling to Vladimir Putin and
ignoring what all of his Intel community
and military leaders had said about them
meddling in and democracy in our
democracy because they said that he took
it too personally and he couldn't admit
that his election may have been
compromised well again it's important to
always remember he was cowing to
Vladimir Putin on this show December of
2015 before the first vote so again
there's something there we don't know
what it is there is something there I
did he'd get in my ear when Susan was
talking about Lincoln Day dinners he
said you know Abraham Lincoln was a
Republican most people don't know that a
famous donald trump tweet from campaign
well actually Don everybody knew that he
was a Republican and the first
Republican president think you read a
book once in a while thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
