Andrea let's start with you you you were
able to break the news to the DNI in the
moment Vladimir Putin is coming to the
White House your reaction to that and
the interview as a whole it was
remarkable well what what's so
remarkable was that first of all he
honestly did not know that Putin had
been invited he acknowledged that he
would certainly recommend that there not
be a one-on-one again without no takers
that he did not think it was a good idea
still does not know what took place in
Helsinki in that private meeting has not
been fully debriefed there has been
there have been some comments by the
president but they don't fully know and
don't know certainly how to counteract
what is being said in Moscow he said
that he did not know in advance that
foreign minister Lavrov from Russia and
ambassador kiseliov were going to the
White House that day so you have he said
a president who came from the private
sector had never been in government
before there were a lot of things that
this intelligence community has had to
deal with he certainly welcomed the
clarifications post Helsinki he said
that he stood up and made the statement
that he made after that news conference
because he felt he owed it to the
intelligence community that that is his
job that's the job he signed up for to
explain honestly what the assessments
are from the intelligence community he
made it very clear Katie that nothing
happens in Russia without Vladimir Putin
as he described it the former KGB chief
knowing about it directing it being in
charge and well he did not say that that
contradicts what another cabinet
secretary Kirsten Nielsen said earlier
to her oh and Peter Alexander yeah where
she was expressing sort of ambivalence
about whether it was really Putin in
Russia he stuck to the intelligence
assessment of 2017 said it has been
revisited time and time again they have
assessed it reassessed it and that is
their assessment that is their report to
the President to the American people
that it was Vladimir Putin and the
Russians you know who were attacking the
American election
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
