we would expect that the Americans would
reciprocate and they they would question
officials including the officers of law
enforcement and intelligence services of
the United States whom we believe who
have something to do with illegal
actions on the territory of Russia what
he did is incredible offer
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer in the prisons gonna meet with his
team and we'll let you know when we have
an announcement on that for a second is
that a topic that came up in their
conversation raised this with the
president there was some conversation
about it but there wasn't a commitment
made on behalf of the United States and
the president will work with his team
and will let you know if there's an
announcement on that front that was the
White House briefing room yesterday
joining us now a professor of political
science and director of the Institute
for International Studies at Stanford
University former US ambassador to
Russia Michael McFaul Michael also is an
NBC News international affairs analyst
mr. ambassador thank you so much for
being with us this morning up early on
the west coast for us I just as a human
being what was it like for you to watch
the president call that offer given that
you are probably a part of that offer an
incredible one and then to see the White
House yesterday say yeah we're talking
about it we're discussing it we haven't
made any commitment well I was in
Helsinki live working with you guys by
the way when they he they first
discussed that and they didn't mention
my name in Helsinki but they didn't
mention mr. Browder's name I was shocked
by that and then I think two people need
to understand they said these 11
individuals who they think were involved
in the so-called Browder scheme of money
laundering right these government
officials that's what Putin said it
later then came out in the Russian press
that they had a list and I was at the
top of that list
shocking this is classic what about ISM
by the Russians right you have this
indictment well we have this indictment
of these people tit for tat and then
most shocking and justjust lamentable I
think is the the the real reaction when
the White House was given the
opportunity to categorically reject this
moral equivalency between a legitimate
indictment with lots of data and
evidence to support it from mr. Muller
with a crazy cockamamie scheme with no
relationship to facts and reality
whatsoever the White House refused to do
that and I hope they get you know I hope
somebody asks them another question
today and they'll get it right today
that we've seen a lot of that lately
that they want to have a take two and
take three to get the message right but
this is not just about me this is about
American national interests we cannot
allow this kind of moral equivalency
when dealing with Vladimir Putin we
played the White House reaction to that
question yesterday let me show you a
different story at the State Department
yesterday here's that exchange I can't
answer on behalf of the White House with
regard to that but what I can tell you
is that the overall search assertions
that have come out of the Russian
government are absolutely absurd the
fact that they want to question eleven
American citizens and the assertions
that the Russian government is making
about those American citizens we do not
stand by those assertions that the
Russian government makes an ambassador
that seemed to be the consensus inside
the halls of Congress you had
Republicans and Democrats alike saying
this is not going to happen Senator Mark
Warner said we're not sending ambassador
McFaul to Russia do you think there's
any chance this actually happens well
first of all I want to thank my State
Department colleagues for that very
strong statement what was unusual about
it I mean it was fantastic that's like
wouldn't the normal statement would be
in normal times the thing that was
abnormal about it was the first phrase
while I can't speak for the White House
I'm sorry this is one Trump
administration I worked at the White
House for three years that sentence if
it ever had come up both sides would be
outraged well the White House would say
what do you mean you don't speak for us
and vice-versa so
again the Trump administration seems to
have two policies towards Russia not one
with respect to the future
you know I now have lawyers and I have
to take precautions I think it's highly
unlikely that the US government would
ever entertain it's called an M lat
request there is a treaty where this can
happen with respect to criminal
investigations but the state the
Department of Justice would have to
approve event and then I also would be
able to go to a judge if that happened
but I think that's a pretty low
probability hi ambassador you are a
former ambassador you're a scholar you
understand Russian psyops you understand
their geopolitical strategy and goals
what do you think
Vladimir Putin tried to do to Trump in
that meeting what do you think he might
have tried to get out of him in that
meeting and secondly what would they do
to you if we did send you over there
what would Putin do to you well I you
know it's a classic you know I've known
Vladimir Putin for a long time I met him
first in 1991 I've been in several
meetings with him when I was in the
government and I wrote a whole book
about his intimidation and harassment of
me as the US ambassador to try to
document for the American people who
this guy is and what he does both abroad
and to his own people and two diplomats
like me it's unprecedented what he does
with his meeting and with Trump
you know it's classic what about ISM you
know you got your problems we got our
problems you have your charges we have
our charges against your American
government officials and what I fear you
know because President Trump probably
he's not as conversant in these issues
as as he should be or most certainly not
as conversin as Putin is is he probably
just nodded along and so yeah okay oh
that sounds like a good idea oh you have
some trouble with our government
officials oh well and you don't need to
believe me he said it to the world you
played the clip he thinks it was a
really great idea and that that's just
perfect for Vladimir Putin with respect
to me personally Vladimir Putin doesn't
like me he doesn't like what I've
written about
he doesn't like what I say about him
right now not even when I was in the
government this is a an act of
intimidation against me and it's going
to create problems for me in the long
run you know there aren't my government
I hope will step up today and
categorically SWAT this back and what I
mean my government I mean my President
of the United States of America when he
just said last night America's no longer
under attack I'm sorry I'm an American
and I'm under attack by vladimir putin
right now so I hope they'll stand up but
now they're gonna make my life more
difficult as I travel abroad perhaps
with Interpol perhaps you know they want
to harass me and they want to intimidate
me and make me quiet mr. ambassador
Congrats I guess for waking up on
American soil
question for you about the chilling
effect that this might have on the
diplomatic corps we talked to a few
diplomats about this yesterday and I
would safely say that they were aghast
yeah well they heard there are diplomats
in the field right now people in Russia
as they look at the potential that the
current President may trade in a former
diplomat what does it mean for the work
they do and what kind of effect might it
have on our geopolitical relations as
they currently are constituted that's a
great question and I've heard from a lot
of diplomats as well and former
diplomats over the last 24 hours it is
chilling that the notion that our
president just kind of very casually
said oh yeah let's let's have our
diplomats be interrogated I want to be
clear to be interrogated because they
think were criminals vitomir Putin was
very clear about that and subsequently
his law enforcement officials have been
very clear about that
and it's scary you know diplomats are
supposed to have diplomatic immunity and
to now be you know have to worry about
this and just you know you know I just
it's the image of America we look weak
we look like we won't push back on
outrageous crazy ideas that is not even
good for President Trump I hope if you
guys are listening you look weak in the
eyes of Vladimir Putin you can
believe the way the kinds of cartoons
that are circulating in the Russian
press right now it's time to push back
on President Putin and not just when
you're sitting at home but when you're
standing right next to him because if
you don't we're going to be dealing with
this guy pushing us around the world and
harassing our diplomats inside Russia
for a long long time ambassador McFaul
Elise Jordan here I don't know if you've
had a chance to see who some of your
fellow travelers are on Putin's list of
eleven Americans that he would like to
question but is there if you have is
there any common strain that led
Vladimir Putin to deem these Americans
of interest and why is it that these
specific individuals have angered him so
that's a great question and and I don't
have a complete answer I haven't had
time to think about it I mean some of
the names on that list are people I know
well David Kramer for instance he's a
former assistant secretary to the Bush
administration and he was a vocal
supporter of the Magnitsky Act that
President Obama signed in 2012 that bill
Browder was a champion for and that
Magnitsky Act basically says the United
States has the right to deny travel to
people aspected a suspected of human
rights abuses including the tragic death
of Sergei Magnitsky a lawyer hired by
Bill Browder to represent him in Russia
he died in pretrial detention so people
like David I think we're affiliated
without a few others won some
congressional people then there's a
couple others that I think may be
affiliated with the Steele dossier it's
her the best of my reading of the tea
leaves another dossier that the Russians
don't like ambassador McFaul is somebody
who as you said has known Putin for
almost 30 years and understands the way
he thinks
what does Vladimir Putin hear when he
sees the president United States
questioning the NATO alliance when he
makes those comments he made about
Montenegro why should we go out and
defend what is Putin here when the
president says those things
I think is as shocked as the rest of us
never in his wildest dreams when he
intervened in 2016 to try to help
president candidate Trump win that
election did he think that just two
years later the President of the United
States would be questioning our article
5 commitments it's just I mean it's just
me it's beyond I sir say I can't imagine
the back in 2016 that they ever thought
they would be in this place it's an
extremely dangerous thing that the
president said I hope again
his team around him will convince him to
walk it back like we have to walk back
so many things but it just sends a
dangerous signal because uncertainty
about our commitment to NATO undermines
the whole purpose of NATO it undermines
deterrence you have to have rock-solid
commitment and unity otherwise the whole
idea of the NATO alliance for deterring
Russia doesn't work ambassador Michael
McFaul we always appreciate you being on
especially this morning with the eyes of
the world on you explaining your side of
this thank you so much we want to
measure thanks for having her new book
from Cold War to hot peace an American
ambassador and Putin's Russia a must
read in these times
still ahead thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
