everybody hey man how do you whiplash
maybe well it may be the word of the day
we're following the president down this
trail of yes they targeted no they
didn't the president Putin offered
strong powerful denials so I'd take him
at his word he said in Helsinki where
are we in all this or are we just back
where we began which is that yes we
believe the intelligence agencies when
they say that there was interference in
the 2016 election and president Trump
just doesn't want to say clearly that it
happened I have to say for one of the
first times I really had flashback to
the very beginning of this presidency
when an inauguration day I was standing
on the route for his motorcade and it
was raining we were all in ponchos and
the president said the Sun is out the
Sun was not out he's asking us our own
eyes what do we see him say these things
we see him speak the words and then the
White House tells us that that's not
what they meant that's that's not what
happened and so I think they're doing a
very messy job of cleanup and if the
goal here is to protect the president's
reputation and his integrity in his
election victory they're doing the exact
opposite but I will tell you what's
happening that is very disturbing which
is there was just a poll out yesterday
that showed that only 35% of Republicans
believed that there was actually Russian
election meddling so the confusion in
the exhaustion that this is creating in
the populace is real and those same
Republicans believe that the
investigation into it is a distraction
taking again the president's narrative
on this let's explain what we're talking
about here the White House tried to move
past the fallout from the Helsinki
summit but this moment from the
president's cabinet meeting yesterday
started it all over again
thank you very much every well and we're
doing very well probably as well as
anybody has ever done with Russia got a
chance to speak with the president after
his comments and the president was said
thank you very much and was saying no to
answering questions since there's
currently not an election today not
specifically so despite the video that
shows the president looking at Cecilia
and answering no to this question about
whether Russia is still targeting the US
and despite multiple people in the room
understanding that the president was
responding to that question and despite
the president having never before said
the word no-no repeatedly the utter
reporters out of the room yes you're
saying they were saying it to reverse
you're saying the presidency is the
first thing that the president said
after the question was asked was thank
you very much
and he said no I'm not answering your
questions and even further I think even
Cecilia didn't realize what the answer
was because she asked for clarification
and he didn't answer the follow-up I
talked to the president he wasn't
answering that question he was saying no
he's not taking questions this is the
second time in three days that the
president of the White House has come
out and reversed what the president has
said tonight of what have been -
loosening what the president said I'm
not reversing a way while I was in the
room as well and I didn't take it the
way you did I was interpreting what the
president is intention was so the White
House's official transcript of the
meeting shows the president responding
no to the question is Russia still
targeting the US and no - the follow-up
question asking for clarification by the
reporter who was inside that room Rick
Tyler we were playing semantic games
again here but we know where the
president stands because he stood up on
a stage next to the President of Russia
Vladimir Putin and stated pretty clearly
where he stands well he did in all the
context surrounding it and right the
wood - wooden and not - not and now
we're arguing over whether no means yes
or no yes means no or then going on to
actually answer a question in the way he
did means I'm not taking questions
the president received an intelligence
briefing from previous administration
when he came into the into office and he
convinced himself in that meeting when
he was shown that the Russians is that
the New York Times David sang her story
right he was convinced they could try to
convince him that the Russians actually
interfere in the election that Putin was
directly responsible for it and he
seemed marginally too convinced but
subsequent to that he convinced himself
that this was a great conspiracy this is
a great plot by the Obama administration
to convince him they didn't actually win
the election it was all that
illegitimate and that the Russians
actually interfered in a way that made
him the president and therefore he was
an illegitimate president he has so
convinced himself of that narrative he's
never been able to let it go
so and that resulted last week in the
disasters meeting with with Vladimir
Putin was a tricky because his
obsequious secret sort spoons has
predated that briefing which happened
well I don't disagree with it remains
two great mysteries what happened in the
meeting and what son Donald Trump's tax
returns and I think they're related yeah
well it's Gene Robinson just to go back
to the Saenger piece that's three times
today there was a briefing given on
January 6 2017 the president's two weeks
away from his inauguration inside Trump
Tower with the highest-ranking
intelligence officials in the United
States laying out chapter and verse in
very clear terms how President Putin
himself directed sniper attacks during
the election read the story they not
only gave him the the sort of well
documented evidence some of it came from
a super-secret source close to Putin so
secret that that the existence of the
source was not even contained in
President Obama's presidential Daily
Brief it was restricted to an even
tighter circle right this is the
President and a few other people knew of
the sources existence Donald Trump was
told in no uncertain terms for the
highest-ranking intelligence officials
that people who know all the secrets
that are
that there are to be known that it was
Putin that was him personally who
directed this and you know to Rick's
point it's a present delusional or if
the president just simply lying and I
you know that's not exactly I mean it's
not mutually exclusive but I we're all
talking about the aftermath of the
summit because of all these antics
because of the back and forth in
apostrophe T would versus wouldn't we're
talking about you know it's really
asinine in my opinion what all that
matters is the image that we all saw of
Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump on
Monday and what Donald Trump said at
that press conference what Vladimir
Putin said and the strength that Putin
projected and then Donald Trump looking
just like a fanboy to an autocrat and I
go back to I don't know if y'all watched
SNL this election season but Bernie
Sanders was played by Larry David and
Larry David is one of my favorite
comedians but he would get so amused
with himself that he would start
laughing sometimes as he would do the
skit that was literally Putin as Donald
Trump was talking about he just lost the
KBG if you go back and you watch it
without sound just his body language
Putin it just can't believe what it's
happened to him a lot of smirking from
the President of Russia
so yesterday president Trump sat down
for a second interview with Jeff Glor of
CBS this was after all this no no what
did he actually say what did he mean
here's what he told Jeff Glor yesterday
you say you agree with US intelligence
that Russia meddled in the election in
2016 and I've said that before if I have
said that numerous times before and I
would say that that is true yeah but you
haven't condemned Putin specifically do
you hold him personally responsible
well I would because he's in charge of
the country just like I consider myself
to be responsible for things that happen
in this country so certainly as the
leader of a country you would have to
hold him responsible yes what'd you say
tell a very strong on the fact that we
can't have meddling we can't have any of
that now look we're also living in a
grown-up world we'll a strong statement
you know President Obama supposedly made
a strong statement nobody heard it but
he denies it so if you believe us
intelligence agencies is Putin lying to
you I don't want to get into whether or
not he's lying I can only say that I do
have confidence in our intelligence
agencies as currently constituted I
think I did great at the news conference
I think it was a strong news conference
I think we did extremely well and I
think the press makes up the fight look
it's fake news that people understand
the level of dishonesty in your
profession is extremely high but the
press covered the substance and the
wording of that press conference
accurately covered he doesn't care what
they covered by the way we still don't
know Sam Stein what happened in that
room for two plus hours we may never
know what happened in that room although
the Senators trying to figure out I just
want to remind people dan coates
Director of National Intelligence twice
in the last six days went out publicly
to remind the American he's part of as
currently constantly that that the
warning signs are blinking read about
Russian interference and Christopher ray
the director of the FBI yesterday and
Aspen told Lester Holt the same that my
view has not changed one bit
that Russia interfered in the 2016
election so two things you say we don't
know what happened in that room and
that's true but it's not just us there
was a truly remarkable Washington Post
story yes about how top officials in
this current administration the DoD
secretary of state our secretary State
Department should say simply don't know
what kind of verbal agreements were
struck between Vladimir Putin and Don
Trump that is a really almost
frightening thing to think about where
the the people who implement policy are
trying to figure what the policy is not
almost frightening it's terrifying
say we are moving ahead - we have no
confidence that were made in this
meeting that we the same thing with Kim
jong-un yes but here we are this is
deals with dictators part two exactly
the only proof that you need about how
strong the president was in that meeting
is the fact that Vladimir Putin emerged
from it feeling seemingly having no
pressure to say that take any
responsibility for what Roger did so now
the whole and the second thing I want to
talk about was the the piece you
referenced in The Times is remarkable -
but I think in some ways and I would
like to throw this to Matt if possible
the meta story here is really crazy
which is clearly some of the
intelligence that the New York Times got
it's highly sensitive and the fact that
it made its way into print suggests to
me that people in the Intel community
have gone past their threshold of
tolerance for what's going on here that
they're willing to actually reveal some
of these methods which normally would
not be made on a front page of a major
newspaper so Matt as someone who's been
in that world in that universe as you
read that piece and you saw some of the
methods being described by The Times in
terms of intelligence gathering did that
strike you as an interesting meta story
about what's happening behind the scenes
yeah it absolutely did there were two
key pieces of information in that story
one the fact that the the US
intelligence community had obtained
texts and emails of senior Russian
officials that made it clear that Putin
was involved and then - even more
importantly that there was a human
source close to Vladimir Putin who is a
who was cooperating with the US
intelligence community and providing
information that was key to this
conclusion that Putin had directly
ordered the intervention in the election
that is really the crown jewels of US
intelligence and the fact that that made
it out publicly was concerning to me and
I will say after I found out after I
read that story last night and found out
that the president has known going back
to you know a year and a half now about
what exactly Vladimir Putin did and he
has helped him cover up that crime by
lying about it publicly and he was
continuing to help him cover up that
crime by standing next to him on Monday
and lying about it publicly it made me
wonder what happened
the meaning and I bet it made us
intelligence officials wonder what
happened in the meeting why the
president wanted to have that meeting
all alone with no other officials there
not even his closest advisors and I
can't believe this is something I'm
saying about the president the United
States but it made me wonder if people
are suspicious that he revealed
sensitive classified intelligence
including human source information to
the President of the Russian Federation
that's a real concern that I had after
reading it or not you're not the first
person to raise that suspicion privately
and publicly around this table Matt what
is our best hope to find out what
happened in that room exactly there's
some senators talking about trying to
bring the interpreter before Congress
you get a debrief on that is that
reasonable is that likely and if not how
else will we know what happened you know
it is a dramatic step that I think on
any other occasion would be completely
unwarranted you can you can make a very
good policy case for why the the the
executive needs to be able to have
confidential conversations with a
foreign leader and that an interpreter
shouldn't be subject to oversight but in
this case when the president's actions
are under such a cloud and when he's
come out and and and and and helped
Vladimir Putin cover up a crime I mean
there's no other way to put it then
that's that's exactly what he's done I
think that that interpreter ought to be
subject to a subpoena from Congress you
ought to see Republicans joining that
call she ought to come up and testify
privately not publicly first because a
lot of this information would be
sensitive and classified but there needs
to be some oversight so elected
officials know exactly what he promised
to put to President Putin and whether he
did really violate his most sacred oath
of office thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
