it was another challenging day in the
White House press briefing room because
of course the presidents had again lied
today by saying that no the Russians
were not currently trying to attack or
continuing to attack the electoral
system in the United States or any other
kind of cyber attack on the United
States and so when White House press
secretary tried the right infrastructure
he tried to escape
a very sharp line of questioning from
Hallie Jackson by calling on Jordan
Fabian the most perfect moment of White
House press corps teamwork unfolded and
Jordan Fabian no doubt to the cheers of
millions at home who've been waiting for
this kind of moment showed us how it's
done
why should this president have any
credibility to Americans in what he says
if in fact 24 hours later or in this
case three hours later the White House
comes out and says just kidding
first of all that's not what I said I
was interpreting what the president is
intention was and stating the
administration's policy it's not exactly
what you just explained we never said
just kidding and I think and I think
that you can take the fact that the
president has credibility because he saw
that he had misspoken and he wanted to
clarify that yesterday which he did so
when he sees that he's misspoken he
comes out and he says that Jordan my
second question sorry you told Josh the
president has been once again pal
moving onto Jordan Jordan go ahead I
don't think any of us remember at least
I don't remember that time in the
president has publicly called up gladden
recruiting I think by stating the fact
that the president said that Russia
interfered with our election that's a
pretty bold call out of another world
leader Jordan go ahead and then Jordan
Fabian did ask his question about
possible future sanctions against
Russian interference in our elections
and rosy gray right House correspondent
for the Atlantic tweeted this was a nice
moment of press course solidarity to
which Hallie Jackson tweeted classy move
by Jordan Fabian and a big thanks to him
from our team at NBC News follow-up
questions are a part of our jobs and
it's helpful to be able to ask them and
I just can't tell you how shocked and
delighted I was by the Jordan Fabian
moment in today's press briefing and so
joining us now is Jordan Fabian White
House correspondent for the hill and
John Jordan you've got a standing
ovation from me watching it alone at
home but I'm sure you've got it from
around the country because we have
watched we who watch these things watch
the core yell over each other and the
precious moment of being able to ask
that question is so important that no
one seems to care what has just been
asked or no one seems to care that Sarah
Sanders is using the next question to
evade the last question how did you
decide that this was the moment this was
the moment where you weren't gonna play
the game you were gonna hand it back to
Hallie Jackson and let her have your
opportunity
oh thanks Lawrence and it looked a lot
of us in the White House press corps
have been talking for a long time about
press corps unity and and sticking
together and making sure you know all of
us can do our jobs and get the questions
that were asking answered and I thought
that was an opportunity to sort of step
aside and let Halle get her question
answered because you know Sarah Sanders
was was dodging a little bit and and I
did thought that she deserved the chance
you know to have her question answered
so look you know we all have our
questions but and the briefings have
been few and far between so it's tougher
to get questions in now but
look I think if we're talking about
unity it's important that we practice
what we preach and and really you know
hand the mic over if someone's not
getting the question answered there was
another extraordinary moment that
followed your question where April Ryan
was trying to fight her way in and
normally there's all this kind of
yelling over each other but there was a
moment where it's it's like the the the
Seas parted everyone stopped talking so
that a pro Ryan could actually get
through and of course Sarah Sanders
refused to answer her question but I've
never seen that happen before
where people just got out of the way
just everyone just got out of the way
and let April Ryan try to have her
moment so is this a kind of recent
decision that's happening among the
group
you know Lawrence I don't think it's
really a conscious decision where you
know we all get together and a big group
and decide you know this is the time
that we're gonna do it but I think a lot
of reporters have seen how the briefings
are going and I've seen times when you
know people have you know like you said
you know people shouting over each other
people not getting the questions
answered and you know I think a lot of
us have taken just internally ourselves
personally the attitude that you know
we're all in this together and that we
all have a job to do I know the
briefings can sort of seem like a
televised circus sometimes but in
reality it's a group of 49 reporters who
are just trying to get their questions
answered and through their job so in
order for that to happen I think a lot
of us have taken the attitude that look
you know we all have our jobs to do and
everyone needs the opportunity to do it
Jordan it's very clear for people
watching it at home that Sarah Sanders
has been exploiting the process and
trying to use reporters against each
other to evade the pressures of what
goes on in that room and the way you
handled it today is the way so many of
us have been waiting to see it handled
for so long and I hope that you are
treated tomorrow and in the future as
the leader that you were in that room
today and people follow your example
thank you very much for joining us
tonight Jordan really appreciate it
all right thanks Lawrence thanks for
checking out are you
Tube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
