congressman Schiff we have this breaking
news report tonight from the Washington
Post indicating that President Trump has
known since January 6th 2017 the New
York Times report tonight that the
president was briefed in real specifics
about how Vladimir Putin specifically
ordered the invasion the attack on our
election and that Donald Trump has known
this for a couple of weeks before he was
inaugurated Laura I'm not permitted to
comment specifically on what the
president was briefed and when he was
given the briefing but I can't say this
as a member of the gang of eight
I was certainly kept abreast of what the
Russians were doing in real time during
the election I continued to get
briefings after the election during the
period in which Donald Trump was on the
president-elect and it's not just the
gang of eight members the candidate the
major presidential candidates are going
to get a briefing on certain
intelligence when they become the
president-elect they're going to be
given much more specific intelligence
and certainly when they become president
those briefings are going to continue
there is no way to claim that the
president was unaware from the very
beginning of what the Russians were
doing and and and even specific evidence
of what the Russians were doing we
indulge ourselves in this fiction
somehow that maybe this is a problem of
Donald Trump not knowing but clearly he
has been briefed time and time and time
again I would argue beginning as the
Republican nominee until the president
day he just can't accept it
and therein lies the real problem and of
course when it seems that the the
problem for the president in his
strategy is that he wants to call the
investigation that you've engaged in a
witch hunt he especially wants to call
the special prosecutor's investigation a
witch hunt but it can't be a witch hunt
if the Russians actually did attack our
election processes well that's exactly
right you know it's hard to escape the
conclusion that there's some path all
at work here because of course he could
have said yes the Russians did it I
acknowledge the Russians did it but
nonetheless I don't believe it was
determinative in the impact on the
election even if it were I'd applaud etc
he could have said all of that all of
that actually would have been in his
self-interest but he's incapable of
doing that and the problem for our
country is that means the president I'd
stay will not cannot is incapable of
accepting that the Russians interfered
that the Russians are likely to
interfere again that he has a
responsibility to the country to do
something to protect ourselves in the
next election and this just isn't
happening and congressman this seems the
tonight's news seems to put all the more
pressure on an idea that has been
advanced by some Democratic senators and
some Democratic members of the House
that the interpreter who was present in
the room with President Trump and
President Putin should reveal her notes
of that meeting and tell Congress in
testimony everything that she can about
what was said in that room and I fully
support that and I never thought I would
support a stuff like that frankly there
are policy reasons why a president
should be able to have private
conversations with foreign leaders but
not under these circumstances where the
president demands that there be no
effectively no witnesses where the
president makes reference to commitments
that were undertaken in that private
meeting where in the public setting he
undercuts our national interests and our
intelligence agencies and we can only
imagine what was said in private under
these kind of exceptional circumstances
where the president States is
affirmatively
working against our own interests as a
country then yes we have to pierce the
veil of secrecy in that meeting and we
should halt in that interpreter to find
out exactly what happened and isn't it
customary for interpreters notes in
meetings like that to be delivered
mm con a memorandum of conversation to
the Secretary of State and then also a
copy to the archives I mean these notes
in the past have found their way in in
that route and not considered things
that need to be kept secret forever well
I think that's exactly right and these
records really need to be preserved and
more than that they need to be shared
with Congress so that we can determine
what further steps we need to take to
protect the country yes from Russian
intervention but also from a president
that is incapable of accepting what the
Russians did and might do again so I
think that's truly called for under
these circumstances I could tell you
this Lawrence the Russians would have no
compunction about recording this and
using anything he said against the
president United States I have to
imagine that if our intelligence
agencies asked the president whether
they could similarly record what took
place the president would have said no
and I cannot imagine the intelligence
community going forward with recording
those conversations without the
president's approval so here again the
president has given the Russians a
unilateral advantage over our country
and your other intelligence experts have
been saying today that they firmly
believe that flarin Putin has a
recording of what went on in that room
what does that mean for the president
well I think what that means is I would
fully expect that our intelligence
community would have briefed the
president in going into that private
meeting that you have to fully expect
the Russians are recording everything
you say now it's one thing to advise the
president of this it's another thing to
expect him to actually act on that
information but the consequence is if
the president should do or say something
that is either at odds with what he said
privately to Putin or just at odds with
Russian interests to the degree that
Putin decides he's going to let the
president have it then Putin is in the
possession of recordings of exactly what
was said and can release them so it's
more compromise for the Russians
congressman Adam Schiff gets tonight's
less word thank you very much for
joining us tonight Carmen really
appreciate it thank you thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
