everybody's trying to put this whole
week so far into context for us it
strikes me that one this is no way to
run a rodeo and two on a week where we
should have been focused on really dire
changes in our foreign policy posture as
a country the distancing of our selves
from the UK and Germany the the personal
attacks on Angela Merkel and Teresa may
be cozying up to Vladimir Putin those
are big shifts in US foreign policy
yet we are on day three of talking about
the walking back of the cleaning up of
the walk back to the blunder that they
didn't acknowledge for 36 hours despite
the fact that we are no longer getting
our news in print newspapers the next
morning yeah I mean this week really was
the culmination of a month of the most
dramatic shift in American foreign
policy since World War two it started
with that breakup of the alliance over
the g7 issues when the president left
town and then stabbed our allies in the
back and obviously went to the Singapore
summit where he kind of conceded on the
fly that we wouldn't be doing military
exercises with Kim jong-un on the Korean
Peninsula and then of course we have the
NATO summit which went terribly and then
of course the secret summit with
Vladimir Putin which his aides had no
idea what the purpose of it was and to
this day we actually don't know what the
real agenda of that meeting was and I
don't think we're gonna know until we
get some information that what was
discussed during that to our one-on-one
secret meeting Jeremy do you have any
doubt that there is a recording in the
possession of the Russians of that
meeting I'm not sure about that I mean
there may be it's possible that the
Russians could have done it because they
wanted to hold it over the head of the
American president I think that's
certainly possible and I think any
prudent planning would assume that I
don't know if we'll ever hear a
recording or see a transcript but here's
the peril of going into that room alone
which is no matter what the Russians say
we can't dispute it and so even the app
the incompetent act of doing a
one-on-one meeting put the United States
in a very detrimental position visa v
one of our most capable adversaries hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this
to see lots of other great videos
