president's comments didn't do much to
calm the storm over at the Capitol
because while he tried to pull a
Helsinki 2.0 there was a lot the
president has not said so far and did
not say in the Roosevelt Room he did not
clear up that remark where he said both
the US and Russia are to blame he did
not fully accept the findings of
American intelligence blaming other
countries in addition to Russia he did
not condemn Russia for its attack on the
2016 election and did not share a plan
on how the US would hold Russia
accountable and he did not guarantee the
midterms would be safe from interference
MSNBC's Garrett Haake is over on Capitol
Hill and garrotxa Republicans got a fig
leaf swerve cover from the president's
quote unquote clarification but what
does this mean for the appetite of
Republican leaders to actually do
something now I do think there is some
appetite maybe not significant but
larger than it was a week ago to
potentially pass additional sanctions
against Russia there's one particular
bill and that folks are talking about
that's a marco rubio chris van hollen
effort that would slap automatic
sanctions on Russia or any other
countries should they interfere in this
November's election that's a bill it's
been out there for a while it's getting
a lot more chatter in the wake of the
president's Helsinki 1.0 and Helsinki
2.0 I've been talking to Republicans
this morning started running the gamut
here they are I think to a certain
degree relieved that the president did
some kind of walk back no matter how
small
here was bob corker who I just spoke to
literally seconds ago about the
president's about-face yesterday I'm
glad so look it wasn't a perfect meeting
obviously what happened in Helsinki was
especially non perfect but I thought I
thought I thought yesterday was a step
forward and I'm glad that it occurred
and I've got a hearing and I'm never
late to hear if it's okay thank you
non-perfect is my new favorite
especially non-perfect is my new
favorite 2018 euphemism for how anything
is going in Washington DC but you did
hear from him I talked to John Cornyn
the number-two Senate Republican earlier
saying look both of these men said this
is not a white house that likes to make
Corrections this is not a white house
that likes to walk anything back the
fact that the president was willing to
do so yesterday no matter how especially
non-perfect that white back may have
been indicates to them that they at
least realize the seriousness of the
mess that they found themselves in after
fiddlin ali thank you for checking out
our youtube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
