less than 24 hours after trying to undo
the damage of his Helsinki press
conference with lad Amir Putin president
Trump once again this morning is going
after his critics tweeting earlier some
people hate the fact that I got along
well with President Putin of Russia they
would rather go to war than see this
it's called trump derangement syndrome
interesting to note that on Fox &
Friends a short time before he wrote
that tweet one of the contributors there
a panelist made that exact same point
and the president seems to have
recharacterized and put in new his own
words on Twitter meanwhile Democratic
senator jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire
is calling for a congressional hearing
into president Trump's meeting with
Putin she tweeted that she wants the
u.s. interpreter who was present for
that meeting to uncover what Trump and
Putin discussed privately Shaheen saying
quote this interpreter can help
determine what the president shared or
promised Putin on our behalf at the same
time several top Senate Democrats have
sent a letter to President Trump
demanding details about what he
discussed with Putin during their
private meeting joining us now from
Capitol Hill the ranking member of the
Foreign Relations Committee Democratic
Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey
senator it's good to have you with us
this morning you are one of those
senators who's expressed concern about
what happened in the two plus hours that
President Trump was alone only with
interpreters and Vladimir Putin do you
suspect you'll be able to get to the
bottom of what exactly was said in that
room and if so how well we're gonna do
everything we can to do it and that
starts next week when our calls to have
secretary Pompeo come before the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee was abided
to he'll be before us next Wednesday and
we will drive all of the questions not
only in the time frame that he shared in
the bilateral meeting but what briefings
did he get what notes did he get from
the two hours that President Trump met
with Putin alone and then we're still
gonna go other after all other
documentation we want the interpreter to
come before the committee we want to see
the notes we we want we're going to have
a massive effort to try
get to what happened because already
Russian military are saying that they're
ready to execute the agreements that
President Trump entered into President
Putin we have no idea what that is well
I was gonna ask if you have any idea
what that is and you just answered your
own question we thought it might have
had something to do with the proposal
the president Trump called a quote
incredible offer that the Putin would
allow Bob Muller and his team into
Russia if the Russians he would come and
interview intelligence officials here in
the United States as you know it's
unusual for a president to go alone into
a room with a foreign leader president
Trump has made it his habit he did it in
Singapore with Kim jong-un as well do
you have any clue any suspicions as to
why he wanted to be alone with President
Putin and not have Mike Pompeo or John
Bolton or someone in the room with him
well look it seems to me rather clear
that what we saw instead of America
first we saw Russia first at that press
conference I don't know whether we'll
see from the special counsel whether
there was collusion in 2016 but for me
there was collusion that day at that
press conference we saw a supplicant
American president basically you know
laying blame at US intelligence and law
enforcement entities and embracing
Putin's strong denial and the only thing
that's incredible about the offer made
by Putin is that we would actually allow
those who committed the crime to
participate in the end of the day of
investigating it's it's it's so surreal
but more importantly so outrageous
senator you're demanding details of this
private meeting well there's only one
person who was there which is the
interpreter so how likely is it that
you're going to get Republicans to join
you and calling for that interpreter to
come forward I know senator corker has
been a strong partner in all of this
trying to get Pompeo for weeks to come
and testify as well on North Korea and
he had also authored some sanctions
legislation do you see Republicans
joining that call to get that
interpreter in
talk to members well you know it's time
for my Republican colleagues to show
that we can be patriots and not just
partisans that they have not been
totally co-opted by President Trump as
the rest Putin of the Republican Party
if if President Obama had done this I'd
be peeling them off the ceilings so I
expect that they will join us in in
terms of protecting and defending the
Constitution of the United States and
our national interests and our national
security and our elections by making
sure that we know everything that
transpired I have no idea of what he
agreed II agree to loosen up on cats our
sanctions against Russia did he agree
not to have you know exercises with NATO
did he agree to give away Crimea and
Ukraine I have no idea what he agreed to
and we need to know we cannot be
blindsided ever definitely the Russian
military and intelligence entities know
what was agreed to senator the president
was asked last night why to explain why
his son should be sent to fight and
possibly die for the sake of Montenegro
which is going through NATO ascension
process the president responded by
saying I understand that question I've
asked it myself not explaining the
extent to which the American America has
the obligations overseas the post
Atlantic consensus seems to be a being
in the Republican Party but you can't
say that this is a Republican issue
alone Barack Obama spent six of his
eight years trying to pivot to Asia
withdrawing troops from the continent
the very last tank was was drawn from
Europe in 2013 only to be resent in 2014
when Russia invaded in the next
territory in Europe if the post Atlantic
consensus is failing and it is a
bipartisan problem can you blame Europe
for saying that we need to go our own
way as Germany has said we can't rely on
the white house can you blame Europe
from trying to take over its own
interests and does the Democratic Party
had an obligation to withdraw it's it's
an approach to in the Obama era towards
Europe and to recommit
American internationalism in Atlantis
ISM well that's a long question let me
just simply say I don't accept the
premise of your question first of all
Democrats have strongly stood for NATO
we have stood for the proposition of
Article five and mutual defense the only
time in its 73 year history that NATO
has invoked article five was acting on
behalf of the United States after
September 11th whether or not a
country's answers into NATO is always a
question of whether they can meet the
standards but once they do we have
always embraced their entrance into NATO
and so you know undermining the Article
five provisions of mutual self-defense
by picking and choosing which country
within NATO you want to support
undermines the whole transatlantic
alliance and our security architect
Senator Barack Obama did not support
ascension for countries like Georgia and
Ukraine well look whether he supported
sanctions for Georgia and Ukraine is not
a question of whether or not that's NATO
accession which I thought was your
question as it relates to yeah as it
relates to sanctions let me just say the
Congress in a bipartisan way has spoken
overwhelmingly strongly and so you know
whether that's on Iran whether that's on
Russia whether that's on North Korea we
have spoken incredibly strongly and so I
think that 98 to 2 vote is an expression
of where Democrats are at senator this
is Gene Robinson you've been in the
Senate for a while
you know your Republican colleagues you
talk to them senator - senator in a way
that you guys don't speak publicly what
is the deal
why are why are they serious the
Republicans who have taken strong
national security positions for years
for decades and who will occasionally as
from Monday come out with the statement
saying with Laura but who won't do
anything will take any action in a
closely divided Senate where one vote
can make the difference they won't do
anything to constrain this president
what is the deal what what are they
afraid of him what's the deal you know I
think as I listen to the private
conversations with my colleagues
particularly many who I have worked with
national security questions on sanctions
policy on Iran on Russia North Korea on
dealing with other questions in the
world who I have a great deal of respect
for their positions in those regard
they're definitely there silence is
deafening at this point and I think that
the answer is they I will hate to say it
many of them won't say all of them but
many of them are concerned that they
believe that the president can have an
electoral difference in their states and
that is muting what clearly in private
is a significant discontent but as I
have said to several of them you know
that comes a moment in our lives and
I've been in the Congress 26 years
between the house and the Senate doing
foreign policy in both houses I have
never seen a day event for me in terms
of foreign policy like I saw the other
day with Trump and Putin and there's a
moment in which you're called upon to be
a patriot or not a partisan I hope they
rise to their better angels in that
regard there are things that we can
actually do to send the world a message
first protect our elections get the all
of the evidence as to what transpired in
those meetings make sure that Russia
sanctions are not only enforced that
exists but consider a new round of them
these would be clear signs and protect
the special counsel because you know
from a foreign soil you have the
President of the United States
undermining his own Department of
Justice
all right Senator Bob Menendez
Democratic New Jersey senator thanks for
your time as always we appreciate it
thank you and Gene Robinson asking the
central question of our times
what is the deal up next the drama we've
seen over the past week you couldn't
write the stuff but our next guest could
best-selling author Daniel Silva joins
us next with his new novel incredibly
appropriate thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
