I'm just glad he clarified it I don't
know I can't read his intentions or what
he meant to say at the time and suffice
it to say that for me as a policy maker
what really matters is what we could do
moving forward right 2016 is now in the
hands of this committees work and
obviously what Muller's doing
I'm glad he clarified his comments today
I didn't see it live but understand he
clarified his comments and of course I
wish he'd said it in front of President
Putin and the world yesterday but yeah I
take him at his word if he says he
misspoke absolutely but the point is we
need to be as one here pushing back it
feels like Japan is bright three
Republican senators they're ending with
bob Corker who's on his way out the
senator from tennessee joining us now
columnist for The Washington Post George
will his new column is titled this sad
embarrassing wreck of a man also with US
national correspondent for the Atlantic
James Fallows he has a new piece titled
this is the moment of truth for
Republicans gentlemen good morning good
to have you with us good morning I want
to start by reading George an excerpt
from your piece if I could George writes
quote America's child President had a
play date with a KGB alumnus who surely
enjoyed providing daycare it was a
useful because illuminating event now we
shall see how many Republicans retain a
capacity for embarrassment precision is
not part of Trump's repertoire he speaks
English as though it is a second
language that he learned from someone
who learned English last week so it is
usually difficult to sift meanings from
Trump's word salads but in Helsinki he
was for him crystal clear about feeling
no allegiance to the intelligence
institutions that work at his direction
and under leaders he chose Trump has a
weak man's banal fascination with strong
men whose disdain for him is evidently
unimaginable to him and yes he only
provoked totora Lee pretends to have
priorities beyond personal
aggrandizement but just as astronomers
inferred from anomalies in the orbit of
the planet Uranus the existence of
Neptune before actually seeing it Muller
might infer and then find still hidden
sources of the behavior of this sad
embarrassing wreck of a man and it goes
on like that George will I believe you
wrote that piece before the president
clarified he believes he clarified
yesterday what did you make not just of
the initial event with President Putin
on that stage where he refused to defend
the
States of America but his attempted
clarification yesterday well I think the
president this morning is saying you see
I told you the truth is overrated
because I told you the truth in Helsinki
and he others has been yesterday taking
back what he really meant to say and
what he in fact did say it's hilarious
to see senator Rubio and then senator
Portman come out and use the word
clarified he as to what the president
just did the fact that the Republicans
on Capitol Hill are terrified they have
individual terror and collective terror
the individual terror is that they will
be individually attacked by the
president thereby costing them a third
of their their vote the collective
terror is that if Congress seems to turn
on on the president the Republicans in
Congress he will attack Congress there
by depressing the turnout thereby
costing them the house certainly and
perhaps the Senate George you talk about
hidden sources for the president's
behavior well the running line now among
Republicans seems to be that the
president's ego is so fragile that he is
so insecure about his election victory
that there's no way for him to separate
that from the Russian attack based on
what we saw Monday and Helsinki what do
you think do you think that it is that
or do you think that we're talking about
something far more serious here in terms
of some kind of quid pro quo some kind
of ill behavior here on behalf of the
president's team well first I think the
president's insecurities go far beyond
the election results in the fact that he
had lost the popular vote I think he is
the most insecure human being I've ever
seen and I think you have to understand
him you have to understand he feels out
of his depth in every situation he's in
he just he doesn't understand the
vocabulary of American government he
doesn't understand the conversations
that are going on around him it's like a
twelve-year-old in a room with people
who specialized in quantum mechanics he
just is lost at all times is that enough
to explain his behavior though just in
security that doesn't explain it all
from the fact that he decided never to
release his tax returns
we come to the conclusion we don't know
what he's hiding but obviously he's
keeping something secret obviously he's
hiding something which licenses
it seems to me responsible speculation
about what he might be hiding the
analogy I made to the what the
astronomers inferring the existence of
something from the behavior of other
bodies when the president says I want to
meet with Putin one-on-one with no
American there what do we know we know
that the Russians are going to know what
he said there so he's keeping a secret
from whom from Americans it's reasonable
to speculate why that is so hey James
this is noah rothman commentary and
George might have some thoughts on this
as well
the fear it seems among Trump skeptical
conservatives and Democrats is that the
Republican Party has been transformed
into this version of Donald Trump this
which is rather distasteful at times as
we've seen it but it strikes me it seems
to me at least as though when Donald the
secret of Donald Trump's presidency is
that when he's doing well he's doing
things that are conventionally
conservative when he's nominating
bush-era judges when he's containing
Russian revanche ISM signing
conventional tax cut legislation etc
when he gets Trump II the bottom falls
out and Republicans are able to compel
the president to perform some act of
contrition does that suggest to you as
it suggests to me that a snapback to a
sort of free trump era is possible in
the post trump era so you mean when
Donald Trump is no longer among us as a
as a office holder correct I guess it is
it requires several leaps of foresight
for example what will happen during
these these midterm elections compared
with the Watergate era when of course
George Will was was making his
pioneering reputation and I was starting
as a magazine writer strikes me the
Republican Party has locked itself in
much more firmly and uncritically with
its troubled incumbent than they did it
took a long time for the 1970s
Republicans to turn on Richard Nixon but
they eventually did the Republicans now
are they are missing so many
opportunities to be other than
sort of not ludicrously weak as the
senator Rubio was just then or
inexplicably weak as with senator corker
who is not going to be in this Senate
seat next year has nothing to fear from
reelection and still won't actually take
vote you know to back up the criticism
he has or Jeff Flake in the same way so
what might happen after this midterm
election and after or whatever is the
next presidential election is farther
than I thought I can speculate but I
think the Republicans are getting
themselves in deep at the mat at the
moment George you you wrote another
column recently that that certainly
caught my attention and others attention
in which George F will urged everyone to
vote for Democrats in November because
that was because that was that was
necessary I'm curious as to what sort of
reaction you got to that column and and
whether there will be more are you or
are you leaving the dark side
permanently and coming over or no I
think there's two dark sides out there I
heard from my Republican friends not
that I have that many left look I think
the Republicans need what we parents
with obstreperous children call a
timeout if they if the Republicans were
reduced in minorities in certainly the
house and perhaps both bodies of
Congress
they'd have time to rethink right now
they are having a banquet they're eating
words they've said for 40 years take
protectionism which is the most obvious
case government doesn't get any bigger
or Bossier than when it is telling the
American people what they can buy and
what quantities and at what prices this
is this is comprehensive crony
capitalism and industrial policy where
suddenly Republicans are in favor of it
now suppose mr. Trump at the end of this
term declares victory says the swamp has
been drained I'm going home what did
they do some of you snap back what did
they say well never mind what we've been
doing for the last four years it it
won't pass the
laughs test the president up watching
the coverage this morning has just
tweeted two minutes ago Mikey writes
this some people hate the fact that I
got along well with President Putin of
Russia they would rather go to war than
see this
it's called trump derangement syndrome
that's from the president of the united
states just a moment ago yeah you know
willie maybe it's cuz i'm overtired
staying up late watching the all-star
game i'm sick of his tweets i'm sick of
his thoughts for him to mention the word
war I've made a lot of 18 19 and 20 year
old young men and women out there would
they be willing to go to war would you
as a parent be willing to let your child
go to war that was begun because of
Donald Trump's lies and his rhetoric I
think not Jim fallows we've been talking
earlier about various United States
senators who've just appeared
milquetoast from Florida and undecided
from Ohio
you and your wife Deborah have written a
fascinating book our towns a 100
thousand mile journey into the heart of
America so let me ask you when you go
out
Allegheny County when you travel through
Ohio and Wisconsin and Idaho and Utah do
you think there's any legitimacy to the
possibility that the behavior the
rhetoric the lies from mr. Trump the
constant deceptions from mr. Trump have
erased the American immune system that
we are so immune now to lies to
deceptions that it doesn't bother us as
much I think as a thanks for that
question there's a particular level of
immunity when it comes to things that
people are hearing from the national
media about national politics where I
think there is a real all the things we
could say about polarization cynicism
jaded Ness bitterness all those things
would apply I think in all the parts of
life that are not about national
politics our observation was that the
actual character that we would like to
think of as American is still
functioning cities in Appalachia that
are finding ways to deal with their
opioid problem cities in the Midwest
that are reindustrialize in themselves
across the country a sense of downtown's
being reconfigured schools being
experimented with so I think that there
is there is this kind of immunity you
suggest at one level and there's a kind
of resurgent health at others and the
struggle of the next while coinciding
with these midterms and beyond that is
the actual struggle for which is the
dominant character of the United States
and I know which side that I hope
prevails James they say that elections
always come down to pocketbook issues
well we just have numbers in now showing
that six months after the tax cuts real
wages are down the tariffs are set to
wreak havoc health care set to go
through the roof do you get any sense
out there that people Trump supporters
still believe they're voting their
economic interests I think that that my
view of the national election two years
ago we were in states mainly that went
for Trump in the time before the
election and people again if you ask
them what about Hillary Clinton they
said she's really bad we hate her she's
a liar these candidates are all the same
if you asked them about their progress
through life they were feeling as if
their communities and most industries
were in a slow recovery so we thought
there was a disjuncture between
pocketbook issues and this national the
national voting last year we'll see how
it how it goes the pocketbook issues
prevail also there are other ones too
that women's issues matter a lot that
immigrant questions are looming large on
each side so this is why this is why we
have to wait to see how the elections
play out but I think that the there is a
down economy I would think that would
not be the number one issue there are
other factors of play - all right james
Fallows thank you very much I'm glad you
brought up your excellent book it's
called our towns a 100 thousand mile
journey into the heart of America and
George will will be reading your piece
in The Washington Post this morning
thanks so much for being with us and
again I repeat the president's tweet
just a few minutes ago setting up the
straw man that if you are somehow
critical are not supportive of the way
he conducted himself with Vladimir Putin
in Helsinki you prefer war coming up
some Democrats are now talking about
issuing a subpoena for the translator to
reveal what President Trump said to
Vladimir Putin
one-on-one closed-door meeting on Monday
we'll see where Senator Bob Menendez the
top Democrat on the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee stands on that and
more when morning joke comes right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
