last thing before we go here tonight one
day after President Trump sided with the
leader of an adversarial nation over
American intelligence services his
predecessor in office was speaking out
in defense of democracy at an event
marking the 100th birthday of Nelson
Mandela in South Africa former President
Barack Obama warned about the rise of
bigotry and nation and nationalism never
mentioning Trump by name the former
president outlined his concerns over
what's happening in our times strongman
politics are ascendant suddenly whereby
elections and some pretense of democracy
are maintained the form of it but those
in power seek to undermine every
institution or norm that gives democracy
meaning unfortunately too much of
politics today seems to reject the very
concept of objective truth people just
make stuff up
they just make stuff up we see the the
utter loss of shame among political
leaders where they're caught in a lie
and they just double down and they lost
them all and just as people spoke about
this the triumph of democracy in the 90s
now you were hearing people talk about
the end of democracy and the triumph of
tribalism than the strongman we have to
resist that cynicism because because
we've been through darker times we've
been in lower balance hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
