these bizarre actions that he has taken
which seems so to indicate that
President Putin has something over
president from something personal and it
might be financial we need to see the
tax returns the only reporter who has
ever obtained a Trump stack that Trump
tax return is Tim O'Brien who got it
because Donald Trump made the big
mistake of suing Tim O'Brien and before
Donald Trump lost that lawsuit he was
forced to hand over his tax returns in
the discovery process of the case and
today in Bloomberg Tim O'Brien wrote
this about the Trump tax returns they
would reveal among other things
sensitive information about his business
activities conflicts of interest and
financial pressures that might come to
bear upon him in the White House
pressure from places like Russia for
example and back with us for our
discussion Tim O'Brien and David Franz
so Tim you've seen them you've seen the
tax returns but you are now sworn as
part of the settlement of the case to
not reveal things you actually specific
line items but I can talk generally
about why I think he's worried about
them getting released can I ask you a
preliminary question did you see just
personal tax returns or company tax
returns and personal I just saw his
personal tax returns and for us too for
us to find everything we need to know
about his business transactions would we
also have to see his corporate tax
returns
yeah and relevant business records I
think the goal here isn't complex it's
to see whether or not the President of
the United States is beholding to anyone
and that was the question sitting over
the whole Helsinki conferences Trump
goes to Europe and he begins by
insulting Angela Merkel along the way he
undermines to resume and then he goes
out of his way to coddle Vladimir Putin
to the surprise of no one I think except
Trump's apologists in the GOP and the
media who've been making excuses for
this behavior for over a year so so
based on what you've seen
youth you believe that the Trump tax
returns would be very helpful explainers
of the behavior that we've been watching
absolutely absolutely because there's
like there's eight issue as to why he
keeps making excuses for Vladimir Putin
and we know in his business history he
has sold you know tens of millions of
dollars worth of condos to Russian
oligarchs and high-end Russian home
buyers he's done projects like the Trump
Soho with business partners who are tied
to organized crime
large amounts of cash came into his
business between 2006 to 2016 that still
aren't really well accounted for Oh how
many years of tax returns did you see I
saw several I I can't remember exactly
what years did they cover you know the
the 90s to the mid 2000s and even there
do you do you believe back then there
were influences in his financial life
that would be helped explain things we
see to them I think Donald Trump has a
long history of associating with people
of questioned alums and murky finances
yes it's fun watching your face when I'm
getting close to what you can't say
David from you said today you tweeted
today at this point disclosure of trumps
tax returns has become a crucial
national security counterintelligence
concern well first I just say I can't
imagine what it's like to be Tim O'Brien
he's like a guy in the horror movie who
can see the ghosts that no one else can
see his there must be very spooky and
unworldly to be him but as tim was sort
of indicating to us he didn't say this
but he was indicating it that this is no
longer about one businessman criminality
or one businessman ethical misconduct
that we can all see the points of
pressure that Vladimir Putin has there
to switch the analogy we can all see the
iron filings moving on top of the table
so we know there's got to be a magnet
down there somewhere but how do we find
out what the magnet is is again as Tim
was suggesting the prenez you were
suggesting that personal tax returns may
not tell the whole of the story but they
probably tell enough to get
Americans to alert Americans to the how
is their president making his decisions
and Tim we do know that he kind of he
ran out of financing in in New York and
in the world that knew him he ended up
we discovered doing a lot of financing
through Deutsche Bank and is that
possibly a rich area of information on
Trump it's it's it's the crucial area
you know after he almost went belly-up
in the early 90s most major commercial
banks in the United States would not
lend to him because he was toxic he was
a black hole for commercial loans he
ended up with bank with Deutsche Bank he
sued them in the mid-2000s and and then
there's this period where he goes on
this spree of buying golf courses that
aren't necessarily great business
propositions for what he and his son say
is cash but they've never really
accounted for where that cash came from
and I think that is why that moment at
the end of the house was suddenly the
guy who couldn't buy anything without a
loan and a big wall is that always
preferred debt yes yes I never wanted to
use as OMA is suddenly out there using
large amounts of cash that in in in any
accounting we knew prior to that moment
didn't exist at least about four hundred
million dollars or so and one thing to
add about the golf course The Scotsman
reported just today that the US taxpayer
paid fifty thousand British pounds to
cover Trump's costs staying at his own
Turnberry golf course over the weekend
when he was waiting to meet with
Vladimir Putin David Frum gets the last
word from tax returns so they David Frum
and Tim O'Brien thank you both for
joining us tonight really appreciate it
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
