feast your eyes on this photographs of
Trump's prepared remarks appear to show
that Trump crossed out a line about
bringing the election back hackers to
justice and then he added a line you can
see it written in there in sharpie
denying collusion Trump's attempt at
controlling the damage today came after
he defended his shocking performance
with Putin saying on Twitter this
morning quote while I had a great
meeting with NATO I had an even better
meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia
sadly it is not being reported that way
the fake news is going crazy but the
outpouring of reaction from across the
political spectrum speaks for itself
here goes his smartest most loyal aides
and his most smartest most trusted
advisors that are super loyal to him
I've got to get to him right now and say
listen this is a grave mistake I think
it was a bad day for the president I
think he can fix it the president seems
to give credence to Vladimir Putin's
assurances over the findings of the
Senate the house and our Intel agencies
dan coates and that's not good should
have defended us he should have defended
his own intelligence community his
behavior it in that press conference was
an American outrageous ridiculous stupid
Trump made a mockery of the US
presidency today he made a mockery of
our country and our shared values today
I think Trump president Trump was wrong
yesterday in a major way and I think it
was a very embarrassing press conference
it was probably the low point of the
presidency not so far
it's the musings of an imbecile Vladimir
Putin looks across to the other podium
and what he sees standing there is a
fool it feels like a dam is breaking
Jemmy right now is actually Parker White
House reporter for The Washington Post
Michael Steele's former chair of the
Republican National Committee
Malcolm Ounces MSNBC NASA security
analyst actually after months of
defending the president saying he didn't
collude with the Russians he looked like
he was colluding yesterday my question
who told him to change his tone today a
number of people told him to change his
tone today you had Mike Pompeo pushing
him we understand chief of staff John
Kelly was pushing him I know MSNBC
reported vice president Mike Pence there
was a little bit of a lag at first from
the White House I have to say because
they were kind of frozen getting no
clarity from the top because they first
didn't understand if the President did
in fact want to do some damage control
or if he wanted to double down but there
was an effort to push him there and
that's what you saw today him kind of
begrudging ly haltingly reading from
that XI something closer to what his
aides wanted him to express who came up
with that Mickey Mouse spin of his about
wooden and wood who came up with that
one that's pretty weak stuff it's I've
watched this in politicians for 30 or 40
years it's called spin it's a one step
you admit you made a mistake and while
people are believing you and those few
seconds they believe you because you
seem like you're being honest you lie
again who taught him to do that one so I
don't actually know who came up with the
double negative defense but I can tell
you that a senior White House official
did say these are the president's words
even though we have heard that other
people helped massage and and shape that
statement if you believe the White
House's top-line spin was the
president's words so in theory he came
up with that yeah right I mean let's go
to I understand that's what they would
put out Michael what do you make of this
because it seems like yeah and I want to
reiterate this we've been arguing this
back and forth from the White House oh I
didn't have anything to do with the
Russians I'm all my own except by
completely utterly what I'm willing to
say anything they want to repeat it like
a parrot
one of the editorial pages that I had a
pet as a parrot the president it√≠d
States why let me just ask do you think
he covered himself at all did any damage
control look more like a double downer
your
oh no no this was no there's no coverage
here at all Chris said this was an
attempt at double downing because it was
written all over the president's face
his body language told everyone who was
watching this he didn't want to say it
he didn't believe what he was saying he
didn't want to be in that space because
he had already told us what he already
thought and for all the the clips you
just put you played of my friends and
colleagues in the in the Republican
Party who announced somewhat upset about
this why the president's been saying
very clearly from day one he does not
trust like nor have one to have anything
to do with our intelligence community so
this is nothing different this is
nothing new the only difference chris is
that he said it standing next to Putin
and in that stark moment it became real
that this president and this Putin guy
this you know this soul mate that he
seems to have an affinity for has
something far beyond what the Republican
Party ever thought possible so I you
know let's stop the surprise here
there's no no real new news here other
than just actually seeing with our eyes
what we've already heard out of the
president's mouth for the last 18 months
Malcolm jump on this because I think I
think here's something I would like to
pay attention to secondary
characteristics I like to watch how
people move what they doing with their
harmed arms or hands whatever I got the
sense that Putin was in heaven yesterday
that he had a guy with him under his
captivity he was smirking as if he owned
the guy and I watch Trump I don't know
what he was like Trump seemed to be
unfortunately comfort comfortable in the
role of captive I don't know how to
explain it you do you're the expert well
it's not Stockholm Syndrome let me tell
you I I can tell you Vladimir Putin is a
human intelligence officer he is a
person who manipulated people to betray
their country to go from East Germany
into West Germany to steal technology as
a member of the KGB he is a former
communist brought up that way throughout
his life and now and is now the
president of Russia the only thing that
I didn't see yesterday was exactly how
Putin could not move his fingers and
make Donald Trump marionette around this
stage because that's what I saw we saw a
man who was being handled and that's a
professional term and I think we can
start using that term a little less
rhetorically
I don't think that Donald Trump did
anything more than express the
admiration and love and bromance that he
has for Vladimir Putin that he has
extolled us for years now that he has
the problem here is that he came off as
not the President of the United States
but as a representative of the Russian
Federation almost like a Russian vice
president and John Brennan the CIA
director who I admire greatly used the
word treasonous I don't think we should
use that term but we can't use alternate
loyalty yeah why I couldn't believe I
get later in the show gets a bit for
Putin a communist all his life to dare
talk about Lee Harvey Oswald killing
Kennedy as if they didn't have anything
to do with it an extraordinary thing to
bring up a communist shooting of an
American president hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
