welcome back Republicans are facing a
problem for much of the day they were
trying to figure out what to say about
president Trump's siding with Vladimir
Putin over u.s. intelligence agencies
and his own DOJ now President Trump
insists he clearly did not mean to say
what he clearly said yesterday so which
President Trump are they to believe
yesterday's or today's I'm joined now by
New York Republican Congressman Tom Reed
so congressman thank you for joining us
first off great to be with you which
version of the president do you believe
yesterday's or today's well let's get
down to the nitty-gritty Katie and look
at what the facts are showing us clearly
there's Russian meddling in our election
in 2016 like it has been for decades and
what we need to recognize is the
distinction between meddling and
collusion and I think the president made
clear again today what he said four
times previously he recognizes that
there's meddling by the Russians in the
2016 election but no evidence of
collusion and that's why it's time to
get the show on the road and move this
process forward on the investigation to
say if there's collusion if there's
meddling what is it let's get the facts
out to the American people and get this
behind us so we can start solving the
problems of America why is it so hard
for the president to consistently say
that he believes in our intelligence
community and the assessment they made
on Russia why does he continue to
question it even today in the walk back
congressman he said it could be many
other people well you know I think
there's definitely an issue of what is
meddling and what is collusion and I
think you know I'll let the president
speak to what his intention what his
mind is but what I hear is there's a
difference from the president's
perspective and from my perspective as
to what is meddling in the election
versus collusion there's no evidence of
collusion in my opinion there's evidence
of meddling and what I think the
president continued is trying to stress
is that where is the evidence of
collusion and if there is none let's
recognize the results of 2016 and move
forward as a country to solve the
problems we face the press never made
that distinction do you think the
president is smart enough to make that
distinction is that the argument you're
making no what I think he's made it very
clear as he did today he recognizes that
Russia was trying to meddle in our
election and I think that's clear and
they've been doing it for decades he
didn't make it very clear because right
after he said that and he was trying to
correct one word that he said he said I
should have
would not instead of wood and it
following up that immediate following
that immediately he said and it could
have been other people as well it could
have been Rashad it could have been
other people nowhere in our intelligence
community's assessment has anybody named
other people and the DOJ indictment the
Muller indictment on Friday nobody named
other people they named 12 Russian
intelligence officers oh let's be very
clear I think there's evidence within
the evidence that's been presented to me
that there's been meddling in our
election process not just 2016 but
before by actors out of North Korea out
of China out of other areas of the world
that have tried to influence the
election in the way that they wanted to
see campaign this is an attempt this was
an attempt and a successful attempt to
hack into the DNC this wasn't just an
influencer campaign through social media
that was also there this was a hack into
the DNC and I'm happy that John Podesta
Z mails there's ample evidence of
computer hacking going on out of actors
out of North Korea out of China are you
trying to great with them with what
Russia did because like I'm trying to
say that there there is the issue of
Medellin our elections is a real threat
and it's clear that Russia was part of
it now that doesn't mean Russia is the
only actor that engaged in that not only
in 2016 but before and what we should do
as a country is recognize the threats to
our election process and make sure they
don't happen going forward that's all
I'm trying to argue and submit to the
American people why don't we solve the
problem of election meddling at its root
cause do you think the president is
aware of how it looks and how he is
working against US interests by standing
next to Vladimir Putin and siding with
him well you know I do have a concern
you know obviously Putin is no friend of
America he's an adversary he is an enemy
and we should treat him as that but
however we do have to recognize that
Russia does have influence in the world
as a superpower with nuclear weapons
that can influence areas like Syria Iran
North Korea and if there's common
interest we can find with an adversary
or an enemy like Russia I think it's
worthwhile to have that dialogue open to
try to solve those hotspots across the
world what did we come out of
yesterday's meeting with I haven't heard
an announcement from the White House
well hopefully the beginnings of that
dialogue
we can identify those common interests
to attack those common problems that
recognize our recognize as a threat to
us as a nation is he's now met with
Putin I think this is the third time he
met with him at the g20 he had a had a
side meeting in Asia earlier this year
and this is the third meeting what does
he come out of it with well you know my
hope is is in those conversation a
relationship is continuing to be
solidified with an adversary with an
enemy and Putin that can identify that
common area now let's be clear you know
we can go over back to when Secretary of
State Clinton opened up the Russian
reset there is a reason why they were
trying to do that they recognized that
Russia even though an enemy even though
an adversary needs to be part of the
conversation as a world superpower to
attack these common problems that are
threats to both of our countries
regardless of where you stand you have
to admit that the question is now being
raised again it has more legitimacy than
it's had in quite a while
what does Vladimir Putin have on
president Trump it's a question that's
being raised by Democrats it's a
question that's being raised by folks in
the media it's a question being raised
by columnist it's also a question that
it's hard to answer for some of your
Republican colleagues I asked this to
Senator flake yesterday and he didn't
have an answer for this now Mark Sanford
one of your colleagues outgoing
congressman from South Carolina says
that Congress should subpoena Donald
Trump's tax returns to clarify whether
or not he has been compromised by Russia
do you agree with that do you want to
see his tax returns as we have always
said Minh is that red herring is
something that I think is more motivated
out of media I don't see where that
evidence is suggests that outcome that
your red herring to see where his money
is oh I think you know with the
financial disclosures we've had the
issue of the tax reform for quite some
time out there in the public debate you
know the president has made the decision
he's won the election the way that it's
been handled we need to move forward and
we understand that there's financial
disclosures on record that people can
have access to and that to me we need to
move from beyond that question and move
into the issues that faceless day-to-day
as an American as American society
Republicans had a lot of concern about
where Hillary Clinton's money was tied
up with the Clinton Foundation if she
said she wasn't gonna release her tax
returns
then became president and had a whole
lot of controversy and drama surrounding
her ties to a foreign government the way
the Donald Trump said would you think it
was appropriate for her not to release
her tax returns you know that's for her
to decide and and and we respect that
decision and we leave it up to the
voters to make their informed decision
based on the decisions that have been
made by Hillary Clinton or president
Trump going forward you know I think at
the end of the day we can call we can
have this conversation of division at
length and and have this fight as a
nation that's going to polarize us I'm
about trying to bring people together
and say you know what these problems we
face as a country are big let's focus on
real people rather than these divisive
type issues we see today Congressman Tom
Reed whatever you do sort of take care
of your shoes I appreciate your time I
appreciate that very much Katie hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
