in Russia it is a dangerous profession
to oppose the government in general and
Vladimir Putin in particular let's have
a look at some of the Russians who died
under suspicious circumstances in the
past 14 years in 2004 journalist Anna
Politkovskaya Politkovskaya a critic of
Vladimir Putin was poisoned and evidence
that she could that could prove it was
destroyed she survived writing an
article about the experience but she was
gunned down in the elevator of her
Moscow apartment two years later a month
after that former agent Alexander
Litvinenko was poisoned in London by a
radioactive substance in his tea
Litvinenko became a critic of the
Russian government after leaving the KGB
which is the successor or the KGB
successor the FSB in one of the most
outrageous deaths oleg zukovsky was
killed in 2007 the senior executive at
the russian brank bank VTB allegedly
committed suicide by putting a bag over
his head tying himself to a chair and
throwing himself into his swimming pool
zukovsky opposed the Kremlin takeover of
the bank he worked at in 2009 human
rights lawyer stanislav markelov and
Anastasia
Barbarossa were killed in Moscow shot in
broad daylight
Marco love is believed to have been the
main target he represented journalists
who were critical of Putin and brought
cases against members of the Russian
military among others for human rights
abuses human rights activist Natalia
estimate OVA was kidnapped in 2009 then
shot on the side of the road she was a
frequent associate of two of the
activists who I mentioned earlier and
then there is the Russian tax lawyer
Sergei Magnitsky who was arrested and
died in custody in 2009 severe beatings
and mistreatment allegations are blamed
for his death Magnitsky allegedly found
tax officials and police officers were
bilking citizens out of millions of
dollars authorities dropped the
investigation into his death but his
name lives on in the u.s. Magnitsky Act
which severely sanctions nearly four
dozen Russian officials and businessmen
with connections to Vladimir Putin
meanwhile in Moscow atop Putin critic
and political rival Boris Nemtsov was
gunned down within sight of the Kremlin
in early 2015 Nemtsov was once seen as a
successor to Boris yell
and later documenting corruption and
abuse of power in the Russian government
okay joining us now the Atlantic
Council's Dan freed alright Dan Ali just
went through the list and that did not
include attempted killings there are
some political figures but there is a
long list of businessmen now obviously
none have been directly traced back to
Vladimir Putin you know similar to mob
bosses you can't often get to the top
but why do so many Russians critical of
Vladimir Putin seem to end up dead and a
parallel you could draw loads of
companies here don't do business
especially money managers in Russia
because they simply don't trust their
safety and the rule of law I think the
reason why is pretty clear Putin's
system is a system based on fear and it
is fear designed to silence people so he
can get on with his business of looting
the country and providing wealth for his
immediate associates putinism is a
kleptocracy it relies on keeping
democracy on the defensive and weak if
he can do it on intimidating his
neighbors and a K and spiced up with the
occasional murder this is the person we
have to deal with Fox News Chris Wallace
spoke to Vladimir Putin yesterday and
asked him about this let's listen why is
it that so many of the people that
oppose Vladimir Putin end up dead we're
close to it first of all all of us have
Lenti of political rivals I'm pretty
sure President Trump has eyewash the
president of New Deal not always well
having presidents been killed in the
United States have you forgotten about
in the video Billy Canady been killed in
Russia in the United States which is
still up shit now place we did mr. King
what what happens
between police and civil society and
some several ethnic groups well that's
that's something that happens on the
u.s. soil all of us have our own set of
domestic problems wow that's interesting
he's comparing alleged state-sponsored
killings of rivals with the deaths of
President Kennedy and Martin Luther King
or civil unrest these are uniquely
different things this is standard Soviet
communists debating tactics it's no
surprise for those of us old her old
enough to remember the way Moscow used
to behave this is typical and there's no
reason to follow Putin down his rabbit
hole of denial and lies we know what
Putin is the Russians who are aware note
of what Putin is and we need to base our
policies accordingly and stop
romanticizing the manner trying to rub
up against him for God's sakes okay well
we say that we know who Russian
President Vladimir Putin is but the
question is does the president putting
him on the same platform on the same
playing field when the leader of Russia
is not just not our ally he's not even
our competitor if you think about what a
weak feeble nation they are compared to
the United States especially from an
economic perspective but I want to talk
about how President Trump emulates Putin
especially when it comes to the press
give us perspective on what effect it
has on the United States when the
president continues to call out
legitimate news organizations as fake
news when the Free Press is something
we're founded on you've touched on a
much larger problem
the United States has been the leader of
the free world and that is a world we
built to advance our interests and our
values at the same time that's America's
grand strategy and it's been fabulously
successful for our country
president Trump doesn't seem to be
committed to it at all
neither to our values nor the way we've
organized democracies to combat first
communism and now to make the world a
better place and generally President
Trump seems to regard America's
democratic institutions at home with the
same contempt he regards the
institutions of the free world abroad he
seems interested in the philosophy might
makes right and a kind of nationalism
that's bad for our country and I think
we need to take this seriously and stand
up to it on those terms we need to stand
up Americans need to stand up and
Republicans in commerce in particular
need to stand up in defense of American
values and America's grand strategy
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
