day five for three of the Trump
administration and today was indeed
another first for the Trump presidency
for that matter this was a first for the
American presidency following their
meeting in Helsinki the president wasn't
soft on Vladimir Putin as some had
feared he embraced him he validated him
he sided with Putin over the home team
when given the chance he went on to
attack his own people and institutions
while standing next to the Russian
president we have never seen or heard
anything like this from an American
president on soil foreign or domestic
but motivated perhaps by a deathly fear
that his own election may be seen as
illegitimate he delivered what a veteran
US diplomat called the single most
embarrassing performance he's ever seen
on the world stage tonight a former
defense secretary and CIA director
called this perhaps the most tragic day
in the history of the presidency the
president returned from Helsinki tonight
an overseas trip that has left a lot of
damage behind think of it he criticized
American allies most especially NATO he
insulted the British prime minister and
just a day prior to this summit with
Putin he called the European Union a foe
of the United States Trump and Putin
were alone together for over two hours
what they discussed what they agreed to
is known only to those two men and their
interpreters then came the news
conference the president invoked Hillary
Clinton's emails he relitigated his
election victory in the electoral
college and when challenged on Russia's
successful hack of our election he went
after the Muller investigation
I hold both countries responsible I
think that the United States has been
foolish I think we've all been foolish I
think we're all to blame I think that
the the probe is a disaster for our
country
I think it's kept us apart it's kept us
separated there was no collusion at all
on the upside we got to hear that Putin
wanted Trump to be elected the most
remarkable comments from the president
were in response to a question from
Jonathan
mere of The Associated Press our
frequent contributor around here who is
standing by to join us here is what he
asked the president President Putin
denied having anything to do with the
election near Ference in 2016
every US intelligence agency has
concluded that Russia did what who my
first question for you sir is who do you
believe my second question is would you
now with the whole world watching tell
President Putin would you denounce what
happened in 2016
and would you warn him to never do it
again so let me just say that we have
two thoughts you have groups that are
wondering why the FBI never took the
server
why haven't they taken the server my
people came to me dan coates came to me
and some others they said they think
it's Russia I have president putin he
just said it's not Russia I will say
this I don't see any reason why it would
be I have great confidence in my
intelligence people but I will tell you
that President Putin was extremely
strong and powerful in his denial even
one of the president's most steadfast
supporters was stunned by what he saw
and heard today Newt Gingrich former
House Speaker called on Trump to clarify
his comments and described them as quote
the most serious mistake of his
presidency late this afternoon the
Director of National Intelligence you
heard his name there dan coates whose
judgment the president went against sent
out this statement the role of the
intelligence community is to provide the
best information in fact based
assessments possible for the president
and policy makers we have been clear in
our assessments of Russian meddling in
the 2016 election and their ongoing
pervasive efforts to undermine our
democracy and we will continue to
provide unvarnished and objective
intelligence in support of our national
security sources tell NBC News coach
statement was not approved by the
traveling White House before its release
while Trump may have doubts about the
Intel surrounding the Russia
investigation and Muller's latest
indictment of the 12 Russian agents
there was also this offer from Putin to
help with the prosecution of the accused
Memoriam the prestige we can actually
determine the special representatives of
the United States including the members
of this very Commission headed by mr.
Miller we can let them into the country
and they will be present to this
questioning Putin added that in exchange
he would want Russian law enforcement to
be allowed similar privileges when it
came to cases involving Americans who
broke Russian laws tonight the
Washington Post has new reporting on the
White House view of all of this quote
ahead of the meeting staffers provided
Trump with some 100 pages of briefing
materials aimed at laying out a tough
posture toward Putin but the president
ignored most of it according to one
person familiar with the discussions who
requested anonymity to disclose internal
deliberations Trump's remarks were very
much counter to the plan the person said
everyone around Trump was urging him to
take a firm stance with Putin according
to a second person familiar with the
preparations in advance of Monday's
meeting the second person said advisers
covered everything from Russia's
annexation of Crimea to its meddling in
the u.s. elections but Trump made a
game-time decision to handle the summit
his way former CIA director John Brennan
who is these days and NBC News and
senior national security and
intelligence contributor had this
assessment well I was watching the press
conference in real-time and I was quite
shocked and appalled at what I was
hearing
and what I was not hearing today was a
new low even for Donald Trump the way he
cowered seemingly in fear of mr. Putin
and refusing to acknowledge and to
equate US intelligence US law
enforcement the US justice system with
the amount of trust and confidence he
has mr. Putin outrageous it's something
that is a disgrace and that all
Americans should be ashamed of that
performance we should tell you just for
saying what he did there John Brennan
was called a hack tonight on Fox News
let's bring in our leadoff panel on a
Monday night the aforementioned Jonathan
Lemire White House reporter for The
Associated Press just off Air Force One
with the return trip from the president
Julia fees back with us a Russian born
journalist who has covered Putin for
years
a correspondent with GQ Peter Baker
chief White House correspondent New York
Times also happens to be germane for
this conversation
former Moscow Co bureau chief for The
Washington Post and remaining in
Helsinki tonight because he needed
further punishment Michael McFaul former
US ambassador to Russia also the author
of a new book from Cold War to hot peace
an American ambassador in Putin's Russia
a book that's been out for just a few
weeks but actually pulls off the miracle
of becoming more timely with every
passing day well mister Lemire we're
going to begin with you I first note you
were called distinguished colleague
today by President Putin so good on you
for that my question is was was your
question your leadoff question the kind
of thing you walk around with in your
back pocket when you cover the White
House you always have one in case you're
called upon a B did you what were you
given any indication because of
Associated Press's global reach that
they were coming to you and how did it
feel in the moment hey Brian good to see
you
Joint Base Andrews were Air Force one
landed a short time it goes over my
shoulder here it's a long way from
Helsinki to answer that question no the
White House did not tell myself or my
colleague from Orders Jeff Mason who was
the other American journalist given a
question tonight we were given no notice
that that was going to happen
you hit it exactly right you always have
a few questions ready you never want to
be caught up repaired and particularly
in a moment like this a summit where the
whole world was watching where Donald
Trump was gonna stand just a few feet
away from Vladimir Putin the person that
the US intelligence services believe
played a role in the interference in the
2016 election in an effort to keep to
help Trump win you know you wanted to
have something there and this moment
felt like the perfect occasion for that
question to ask the president Trump who
do you believe do you believe President
Putin who again denied today that he had
anything to do with that Russia had
anything to do with the election
interference or do you believe your own
US intelligence agencies and Donald
Trump chose not to answer and by doing
so he made it clear he wasn't picking
his own team
and that is a remarkable event we have
we in this beat we have you always want
to make sure you have the capacity to be
surprised and he has said the things of
this nature before but to do so today on
foreign soil at this summit standing a
few feet from Vladimir Putin really was
stunning stuff
you sure received a lot of compliments
from your colleagues and the news
business for your performance there in
the moment I want to play for our
audience the exchange from you to Putin
about the subject of dirt on Donald
Trump we'll talk about it on the other
side does the Russian government have
any compromising material on President
Trump or his family we shall aboot them
yeah I did we allegedly collected
compromising material and mr. Trump when
he was visiting Moscow yeah there's an
emotional time when President Trump
visit Moscow back then I didn't even
know that he was in Moscow please just
disregard these issues and don't think
about this anymore again Jonathan a
number of people mentioned that while
the answer was verbose there was not a
denial buried in there I gotta say Brian
that was a pretty good question yes he
did not he went on for a while there and
sort of talked around it and said that
you know it would be impossible almost
like the logistics of it would be such
that you couldn't keep track of every
you know prominent American businessman
who was in Russia and that may be true
but he did not actually deny having any
sort of damaging information about
President Trump for his family and in
this setting I have to say this is the
question that I think every American
journalist wanted to ask and I was
fortunate enough to have the ability to
do that today
you know Vidor Putin does not take
questions for American journalists often
and in this moment that was something is
something that has been talked about has
been linked to the Mulder investigation
though of course is not the cause of the
Muller investigation it was important I
felt to try to get him on the record for
that and I will say he spent the entire
answer staring me down which was a
little disquieting we certainly know his
his track record with journalists but
you know I'd like to point out that the
President Trump then followed up after
the Putin's time but you just played and
said well
there have been stuff that would have
come out already and again tried to
point to corruption within the
Department of Justice pointed the FBI
agent Weaver stroke in the the
incriminating text messages that
revealed that he didn't like President
Trump and I think we saw that again
today not just with that reference but
again Hillary Clinton's email server the
DNP sorry the DNC email server the even
the proposal the Putin had about sending
these investigators to help out with
with the probe President Trump we see a
time again latches on to sort of the
newest shiny object in order to distract
from the steady work of the Special
Counsel Pro hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
