for more on the president's stunning
performance today I'm joined by Senator
Cory Booker Democrat from New Jersey
senator the question that that Chuck
Schumer put out there or that John
Brennan put out there is the one that
many Americans who even were not until
today predisposed to thinking that the
Russian president has something on
Donald Trump that is the question we are
all now left asking what other reason
could there be for president Trump not
to even entertain the possibility that
his Senate his house and his
intelligence agencies have come to that
Russia was meddling and continues to
meddle in American politics yeah well
his behavior was so shameful so weak I
would even use the word submissive
before vadym air pollutant you have to
wonder why and we know our president
he's this guy with his hair-trigger hair
hair strange trigger where he attacks
people left and right with really very
little provocation getting in people's
face whether it's military folks press
even people within his own cabinet he
attacks attacks attacks but the one
person that he's not attacking then
quite the contrary who he's being
submissive to who he's elevated on the
world stage who he's been willing to go
against our allies criticizing them more
than he has any criticism for Vladimir
Putin is this dictator who has murdered
his own people who's murdered people on
British soil who's brought down an
airliner over Ukraine who's annexed
Crimea who has attacked this country
with cyber attacks and is continuing to
do so and so this is a president who has
betrayed what I believe is the role of a
commander-in-chief to protect this
country we all swear oaths to defend the
United States of America and what he's
doing through his complicity in Putin's
behavior and we know Putin is somebody
needs to be messages let me ask you this
encouraging it to go on keep on because
it long going the president's selling
point here was that these are two
nuclear superpowers that need to be in
closer coordination virtually nobody
believed that but one person in your
chamber did Senator Rand Paul had a
remarkable response to a remarkable
press conference listen with me
I think they you know the people we've
indicted in all likelihood were people
that were meddling somehow in the
election but I would also put it in
perspective I think we have gone a
little deranged as far as over-the-top
on this thing so the Russian meddling in
the election maybe they thought it might
be better to have Trump but guess what
in the end what they've done is made it
impossible for any engagement to happen
because everybody's crazy now about the
meddling and the election so when I talk
to the Russians that's what I say to
them I can't prove whether you did or
didn't but think twice about it because
you've messed it up it's kind of a
remarkable response I I'm assuming that
you've talked to your colleagues on both
sides of the aisle today and that is not
a widely held a view of how President
Trump acted and what should happen next
no I mean I've had moments sort of
honest very honest moments with my
Republican colleagues everybody is
somewhere between stunned and outraged
that we would so debase our nation that
we have a president that attacks his own
country attacks his own intelligence
officers and and and really frankly
invites Russians to continue to doing
doing what they're doing to our nation
this is what's your message what's your
message to our allies this president has
fought with Justin Trudeau with Teresa
May with Angela Merkel our strongest
allies in the world he's got NATO very
scared tonight
as people are asleep in Europe what's
your message to our allies well I think
that again with all the partisanship
people look to it so think they see in
Washington remember we just before we
left for this weekend in a unanimous way
passed legislation a resolution
affirming NATO here in the United States
Senate we know the importance of not
only NATO but the g7 without Russia
making it the g8 we know the importance
of our Canadian allies and our Mexican
allies we know in this world you need
friends and we stand by our friends and
when someone has proven themselves to be
an enemy has attacked our country and
others has violated international rule
has showed thuggish nough sand
undemocratic ways then we all have to
stand united against that individual in
that nation and I'm telling you right
now what Donald Trump has done is a
betrayal of those ideas and undermine
the safety and security of our nation in
all of us this is why I was happy to see
even Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell
releasing the state critical
today all of us should unite in one
voice and saying no not here this is not
the United States of America we are the
strongest nation on the planet Earth and
we will defend ourselves senator Cory
Booker of New Jersey thank you for your
time tonight sir hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
