this is drawing condemnation really
across America for a good reason tonight
and raising some profound questions
about the national security of the
United States it is clear tonight that
July 16 2018 will go down in our history
books and as an inflection point in
us-soviet relations we're covering that
from several angles tonight we are
witnessing a u.s. president bluntly
siding with a Russian autocrat about the
findings of US intelligence agencies in
an open criminal probe two men meeting
here three days after Muller indicted
Russian army officers who report to the
man standing next to your president
right there Vladimir Putin over
allegations those officers work to elect
him this was a foreign policy event
today unlike any other in recent history
bedrest directly with President Putin
the issue of Russian interference in our
elections the Russian statement has
never interfered just now President
Putin denied having anything to do with
the electric interference in 2016
every US intelligence agency has
concluded that Russia did who do you
believe
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be President
Putin was extremely strong and powerful
in his denial today President Putin did
you want President Trump to win the
election the believer yes I did there
was no collusion I didn't know the
president there was nobody to collude
with it's ridiculous what's going on
with the probe I think that the united
states has been foolish after all I was
a intelligence officer myself we should
this year and I do know how those tears
made up the Russian government have any
compromising material on president Trump
or his family
yeah I did heard we allegedly collected
material and mr. Trump was visiting
Moscow when President Trump visit Moscow
back then know that he was in Moscow and
I have to say if they had condemnation
already pouring in from experts and
referees alike we've been tracking
significant concern here from Democrats
from moderate
from intelligence experts and of course
from journalists he took the word of the
KGB over the men and women of the CIA
outrageous it's something that is a
disgrace and that all Americans should
be ashamed of that performance today
turned what's been an ongoing problem of
Donald Trump as president in terms of
his attitude towards and behavior
towards Russia towards President Putin
has turned a problem into a crisis that
you have been watching perhaps one of
the most disgraceful performances by an
American president at a summit in front
of a Russian leader showing that I've
ever seen
disgraceful that is a strong word and
then there's a man who tangled with
Trump at the FBI going farther tonight
James Comey writing this quote this was
the day an American president stood on
foreign soil next to a murderous lying
thug and refused to back his own country
patriots need to stand up and reject the
behavior of this president Russia's
cyberattack on American democracy has
dominated American politics since 2016
first because it was such an important
threat and then because the new
administration coddled and caved to
those Russian attackers instead of
sanctioning them or confronting them
which of course naturally stoked even
more intriguing questions about whether
Donald Trump wanted welcomed or yes
colluded with that now alleged charged
indicted help from the Russian army on
Friday the US government made the most
significant case to date that Russia's
attack came from the top of Putin's army
those are the charges in the indictment
now whether Donald Trump and his allies
were part of that conspiracy does remain
an open question prejudging that outcome
is not fair or constructive or how our
rule of law works so we don't prejudge
the outcome of that program but tonight
we can see what's happening in front of
our eyes we are living through a turning
point that makes the Trump
administration look exceedingly bad
because even if conspiracy and collusion
are never proven even if say Donald
Trump is clear
of any such wrongdoing by Bob Muller and
people accept that outcome today the
news the facts reverberating across
America are that today Donald Trump
committed new wrongs according to US
intelligence and national security
experts siding inexplicably or perhaps
explicably depending on your
interpretation of events but siding with
Putin and the KGB over the u.s. and the
CIA and the DOJ this is a public fact
tonight regardless of what Bob Muller
ever finds in the future we have some
special guests for our coverage and I
begin tonight with David corn Washington
bureau chief for Mother Jones he has
been covering the Russia probe in the
very beginning and has had a series of
significant scoops and a book under his
belt and so I begin with this question
what is July 16th 2018 mean in the
Russia probe well I think the question
is whether we've hit an inflection point
if he asked me to Donald Trump's
anything new today that he hasn't said
before the answer is no for two years
during the campaign and as president he
has continually denied that Russia was
involved even after he was briefed as a
candidate by the US intelligence
intelligence community and even as
became president after the intelligence
community put out a more deeper
assessment and said this had been done
to help him he is denied and in the last
couple of weeks you know this re we've
talked about this you know he put out a
tweet saying Russia says they didn't
medal and he called Putin fine so I
think what we see today is a very
dramatic clarifying moment when he was
asked by an American reporter you you
stand with Rudin or you stand with your
own government we're not just talking
about the spy agencies we're talking
about the Justice of Justice Department
and the House and Senate intelligence
committees run by Republicans who've all
said the same thing who do you stand
with and he said well you know they both
have a point no they both don't have a
point and this brings me to what I wrote
about this afternoon is this is evidence
of collusion not collusion in the
initial attack which you talked about we
don't have yeah a clear picture on but
it's collusion from the very big
in the cover-up Putin's isn't putting
out disinformation from the very
beginning saying we're not involved and
Trump has colluded with that cover-up by
amplifying that message and a key
question is when they had that private
meeting today 90 minutes are longer did
they talk about what they would say
about this matter when they came out for
the press conference
if they did then Trump by any definition
of the word colluded with Putin to help
him put forward this coverup and the
stonewalling and while that may not be a
crime I don't know I'm not a lawyer you
are but it is certainly an act of
betrayal that I think is reverberating
strongly today because of the dramatic
moment that we all witness well your
piece today drives very much towards the
question of how does the sitting
president deal with these charges as of
Friday that indict the Russian army I
mean that this was a cyber attack of a
criminal nature of an international
conspiracy and so to your point yes
we've heard many things from Donald
Trump and we've heard him say many
things that are false and that we
believe are clearly lies based on what
he knows but this feels and looks and
may legally be different because he is
up there with the person that those now
indicted individuals report to and is
saying these things so in that respect
do you think that there's a receptivity
to that point why I guess for viewers
watching why does that matter
completely separate from whatever molar
finds happened in 2016 and for those who
look at abuse of power questions is it
also potentially worse for a president
to be doing this as president as opposed
to a private citizen who's a candidate
running for future plans the FBI
investigated this case under Arbit
Moore's tutelage and they came up with
this indictment which is maybe just the
beginning it's 12 Russian military
officials the Justice Department you
know how to sign off on this indictment
rod Rosenstein Rosenstein excuse me you
presented it to us on Friday that brings
the imprimatur of the Justice Department
on this so here you have Donald Trump
they're saying he doesn't give a damn
what his own Justice Department what his
own FBI you know though how many people
worked on this case dozens if not scores
what they came up with he's standing
next to the man who the intelligence
agencies have said ordered this attack
so he's part of this criminal conspiracy
and in fact the indictment says there
are other people were not naming in this
conspiracy yet that may well be vladimir
putin may be in an unindicted
co-conspirator so he's standing next to
this fellow and he's providing him cover
he is giving him the benefit of the
doubt and he's basically saying to the
vast law enforcement services of the
united states and the intelligence
services i don't care what you say your
facts don't matter to me
i'm with um with Vlad I'm with Vlad that
was the message today and I'm still
shocked that more Republicans some of
spoken out about it there's still
tiptoeing around this when we have more
on that in the hour again it's a
relative matter but McCain Paul Ryan
some of them have gone a little bit
further but probably none to the scale
of what we're witnessing which is which
was it's just truly extreme conduct by a
president stay with me I want to add to
the conversation former intelligence
officer Malcom Nance the author of the
plaza story America a Wall Street
Journal reporter Shelby Holliday who's
been covering this case Malcolm take a
listen to another supremely noticeable
bizarre or disturbing depending on your
point of view thing that the president
said about how Hillary Clinton would be
treated in Russia what happened to
Hillary Clinton's emails 33,000 emails
gone just gone I think in Russia they
wouldn't be gone so easily I have great
confidence in my intelligence people but
I will tell you that President Putin was
extremely strong and powerful in his
denial today do you think Americans
should be angry worried concern based on
what we saw today
Malcolm well what they should be is
shocked and disgusted I I know I am
when I heard that today I I my jaw
dropped to the floor I could not believe
a President of the United States went to
a foreign nation an adversary nation not
a competitor an adversary and insulted
the American political system the
American intelligence agency American
law enforcement the US Congress an
opposition party and an essence
surrendered this nation's opinions to a
foreign power and believed a former KGB
officer over that of the men and women
who walked past the Statue of Nathan
Hale everyday and sold this nation down
the river I'm sorry what we saw here
today is not just Donald Trump aligning
himself with Vladimir Putin we saw the
beginning of the realignment of the
entire world order since World War two
and Trump and Putin are the only two
people as David said who knows what was
said in that meeting it's it's well put
in its chilling shelby and it is it's
about u.s. foreign policy this is not
about 2016 this is not about people
rooting for Bob Miller to create
political outcomes that otherwise might
not be created we're as I've emphasized
it in our reporting tonight put that on
the side do the thought experiment that
Bob Muller doesn't indict anyone else
and that's the end of the road and we
just witnessed today something that I
don't think people are going to fully
absorb for some time to come here is
also new sound from Donald Trump for
another interview he did that's part of
this whole Putin defense campaign also
undercutting his own Intel chief take a
look your DNI Dan Coates said that
America's digital infrastructure is at a
critical point right now yeah
similar to what it was like in some ways
before 9/11 and that is were susceptible
to a to a large-scale attack you agree
with that well I don't know if I agree
with that I'd have to look the idea that
he he does not agree quote/unquote that
he has separate fact-finding than the
entire military intelligence apparatus
well and he said that standing side by
side with Putin he repeated conspiracy
debunked conspiracy theories about
the DNC server about the Pakistani who
worked alongside Debbie
wasserman-schultz
he cast a lot of doubt on the
investigation in general he also also
called the Miller Pro Bowler probe
disgraceful and a disaster and he blamed
the probe for the tension with Russia
not Russia's meddling so in addition to
all the other things he said and did
today this is what's really affecting
Republicans on the hill I've been
talking to some Republicans who are on
intelligence committees and they think
this is very problematic for two reasons
if the president doesn't trust the
intelligence agencies assessment how can
we ever secure our cyber defenses how
can we ever have cybersecurity in this
nation if he simply doesn't believe them
and secondly he is so worried about his
election and how it is viewed that this
investigation is driving his policy and
that is scary not just for Democrats but
for Republicans alike in Congress right
and you're reporting on what you cut
Republicans are telling you Malcolm
briefly there's a less benign view which
is that this is not about simply
defending legitimacy of his election but
rather he or people around him may be
under legal scrutiny for how they
welcomed what is now charged criminal
conduct by the Russian army yes you're
absolutely right and we know if right
there in plain sight when conspiracy at
least on one count occurred and that was
when he called upon Russian intelligence
in the Kremlin to release Hillary
Clinton's emails and what you saw was
this flurry of activity from Russian
military intelligence that happened in
plain sight as did his lack of concern
about anything that could happen to the
United States and the cyber sphere his
lack of concern about how we fired the
FBI director in order to get rid of them
for the Russian to get rid of the
Russian probe I don't think he
understands what reality is in the rest
of the world
he has a meta-narrative around him that
his Donald Trump can do no wrong and he
believes nothing in the world except for
his friend Vladimir Putin and his base
all of whom are the same to him are the
only people that he should listen to
talk to and everyone else be damned
we've been talking about also how this
is playing in Congress where there are
many seasoned intelligence experts with
this portfolio I want to turn to
California congressman Eric swallow
who's one of them serving both on the
Intelligence and Judiciary Committees
where does today rate in your view of
the Trump administration lower than I
thought we ever could go Ari there may
have been an American flag on that stage
but I did not see an American president
I saw two defenders of Russia and I saw
a president whose primary role his
principal responsibilities is to defend
the United States and he sided with
Russia but we're not helpless here in
Congress our founders gave us an
opportunity to stand up and defend the
United States we should do all we can to
protect the Moller investigation and
solidify that in law we should pass an
independent commission to take this
outside of Congress so the American
people can understand what happened and
we should devote every resource possible
to address the concern that DNI dan
coates has raised that our our grid and
our election systems could be
compromised we can do all of that I've
seen the tweets I've heard the talk from
my Republican colleagues talk is cheap
what will you do legislatively what was
your oath as an intelligence as an
intelligence committee member what was
your view of Vladimir Putin today Donald
Donald Trump met with him and and then
held this public this public reward in a
way Barack Obama as president declined
to hold these kind of joint press
conferences did you feel the Vladimir
Putin looked even-keeled emboldened
intimidated what was your view of the
way he was representing Russia against
the United States well Ari it's all-star
week here in Washington DC he won the
home run derby of all derbies Vladimir
Putin got an American president to come
to Finland to meet with him and we
didn't get anything out of it we're not
bringing home the 12 individuals who
were indicted we didn't make any
progress in Syria we didn't make any
progress with Ukraine and we're no safer
as we go into the next election I think
this was a big victory for Vladimir
Putin but again what will the US
Congress do now because our press
has left his office helpless to act but
we are not my Republican colleagues and
the final question I want to ask you
that we're going to be covering later in
the hour what was your interpretation of
Vladimir Putin's rather odd references
to the dossier and to putting dossiers
together
he's a an intelligence officer and he
knows exactly you know what is alleged
what is out there and he knows what he
is guilty of and the problem is he sees
somebody who is completely unwilling to
confront him about it and so he sees
nothing but green lights to conduct
further operations and that's what's so
terrifying is we're good we're about a
hundred days away from the midterm
election and we need to do all we can to
protect the valid box because Vladimir
Putin sees an open road right now and we
need some stoplights hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
