breaking news the DOJ charging another
Russian tonight this time for trying to
create a back-channel between that
country in the United States through the
NRA this is something Rachel Maddow has
been reporting now the right to bear
arms is purportedly a gun rights group
founded by a senior member of Putin's
political party which is called United
Russia what's funny about that whole
concept is that Vladimir Putin and his
party United Russia they don't actually
support gun rights in Russia so why did
they create this group that purports to
promote that I indeed we're getting some
clues this Russian agent charged now
with trying to break or broker meetings
between then-candidate Trump and Putin
the indictment detailing this
back-channel was so Russia could
penetrate American decision-making I'm
joined by McClatchy cheese Greg Gordon
he first broke the story the FBI's probe
into whether Russian money went to the
NRA to help Donald Trump any other day I
hate to use the cliche but any other day
this would be the lead story everywhere
and it obviously shows prosecutors
building on something you first reported
what is the significance well for one
thing we originally had an indictment
months ago in which Robert Muller's
Office charged 13 Russians in connection
with the operations of a troll farm in
Saint Petersburg to influence the
election through social media and then
on Friday we had another indictment
coming out of Muller's office charging a
dozen Russians this time with the
hacking of the Democrats in connection
with the election so these Russians
they're all in Russia but today we learn
that Maria boo Tina who is it was a
one-time athlete out of Siberia who
became the protégé of the now deputy
governor of Russia's central bank and
Maria BuChE BuChE de has been charged
with conspiracy to try to influence the
u.s. political process so this is this
is
let me just say that the FBI affidavit
accompanying the release of these
charges the agent Kevin Nelson made
clear that he wasn't saying everything
he knows so we can expect more to come
out of this and our a aspect of the
investigation whether they found money
we don't know when I imported that late
last month re that that the FBI and and
prosecutors likely did obtain the
nonprofit tax returns of the NRA which
would show all of their so-called dark
money donors those being donations that
don't have to be made public and so we
don't know whether the money side is
going to prove out but we do know that
the NRA is now part of a criminal charge
well answer Gregg you speak so calmly I
think some folks may miss the bombshell
in your answer here you're saying that
there's been all these Millard charges
of Russians abroad and people say well
how are you gonna get him or as Putin
gonna extradite them and what's new
tonight is the DOJ using similar leads
to charge a Russian inside the United
States that's correct
and we'll have to see how this how this
proceeds she's got it but she's facing
up to five years in prison there have
been lots of conspiracy theories being
tossed around about what Vladimir Putin
is doing to silence witnesses in this
investigation and let me ask you let you
go because I was I was dying to get you
on this so we'll do well in live TV what
portion of this relates to what Muller
has uncovered versus what's just normal
Washington field office investigation
stuff I'm not sure where you're going
with that question
I honestly are you are you charged by
the special counsel but the special
counsel has been obviously as you just
mentioned investigating a lot of Russian
activity so what percent of this from
your reporting do you think is there any
overlap well I think this this is the
indictment was brought by the US
Attorney's Office for the District of
Columbia
however it it seems clear that Bob
Muller's office is moving very quickly
now with a midterm election approaching
and he's farming out aspects of his work
to the Southern District of New York to
the Eastern District of Virginia to the
US to the US attorney in DC whether this
will will become a central part of what
of what his findings are remains to be
seen if if the Russians are original
story we were the first to report on the
broad investigation into the Russians in
early 2017 in January that of that year
and we reported that there was this
investigation of whether the Russians
were moving money into the United States
to try to assist Donald Trump's
presidential candidacy so we've not seen
anything on the money side yet the NRA
allegedly or at least was the subject of
an investigation into whether it was the
vehicle so we don't we'll have to wait
to see how that turns out and that's why
a lot of your reporting here has been
has been so fascinating Greg Gordon
thanks for making the time today it's my
pleasure in that and and and let me just
credit my partner Peter stone who's an
expert on the NRA as has been bull
working this I love that you're giving
credit all around the office and we'll
get we'll get him on as well thank you
sir hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
