number of people in the Republican world
has increased their support for Putin
it's gone from 16 percent support
favorable at 25 percent maybe the base
is moving with trumpet not with
Republican Party views or values of the
past your thoughts mica so we've seen
this before and I actually during the
election we saw that Putin was more
popular with Republicans than Mitch
McConnell but one of the things that we
saw that really changed Republican
favorability on Putin was the selection
of Donald Trump as the nominee so it
wasn't about Democrats switching after
the election when they realized we had
been hacked but Republicans following
their nominee into this view this
lovefest with Putin Natasha what's going
on whose is this president so capable of
leadership in this weird way that he can
move a party from free trade to
protectionism from fiscal responsibility
to huge deficits any issue can he move
them to liking the Russian autocrat the
dictator it seems there he's moving them
that way Republicans that used to be
patriotically opposed to communism and
Russian autocracy seem to be slithering
over to the Trump side well the party as
a whole may not like it but the party
has shown a willingness to go where the
base goes and right now Trump has really
he understands the power of repetition
and he's been saying over and over and
over again that this is a witch hunt
that Russia has to be our friend and of
course that our rally a few weeks ago he
said Putin is KGB Putin is fine we're
all fine we're all fine people so he's
really trying to convince his base that
there is nothing to see here and that he
can be friends with Vladimir Putin in a
way that no other president before him
has been able to get along with the
Russian president and he sees that as a
strength and as a result his base sees
that as a strength they see it also as a
way to kind of get back at all of the
critics who doubt that the president can
actually do it now of course the more
nefarious reading is that they see that
the Russians helped President Trump in
the GOP win the 2016 election and they
would be fine with the Russians doing it
again this time around
unbelievable what President Trump wasn't
busy blaming the US or defending Russia
during his press conference with Putin
the president did discuss areas where he
thought the US
she could work together let's listen the
crisis in Syria is a complex one
cooperation between our two countries
has the potential to save hundreds of
thousands of lives
I also made clear that the United States
will not allow Iran to benefit from our
successful campaign against Isis jean is
there even a soup Sun of hope that
they're going to reach some arrangement
between these two their two presidents
these two bullies if you will the bully
the situation in the Middle East to the
advantage of anybody who wants peace
there can they get there a disengagement
between the Iranian forces on the border
with Israel and there's really forces
and calm things down do you think well
they're certainly not gonna they can't
do any agreement that's really in the
best interest of the United States I
mean you know look Putin supports the
Assad regime and so does Iran and so
that's the situation and in fact Putin
is working in many ways against US
interests in Syria and will continue to
do so and Trump goes along and now you
could argue that it's better let the
Soviets do the Russians do the dirty
work there then lose American lives
there but the end result is not in in
the u.s. best interests we want to saw
it gone and Putin doesn't let me go to
mica and Natasha again twin up here the
question is Trump looks like he's
running for reelection
he said today and he apparently acting
like and maybe he's right right now two
years before the election three years
I'd like actually he doesn't see
somebody that can beat him he's pounding
his chest and delight I can beat anybody
out there what do you make of that well
he's always both him said his electoral
chances are better than anyone elses he
claims that he won the election when he
actually lost the popular vote he says
that his crowds are bigger than Obama's
and they weren't and so I think he does
have a problem with math and I think
it's a little early to know who on the
Democratic side will be running for
president we have so many candidates who
are eager to get into this and every
single one of them will be more
competent and less likely to suck up to
Putin than president Trump
hey they're armed cruisers from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
