now from Helsinki is Michael McFaul
former US ambassador to Russia and MSNBC
and NBC News international affairs
analyst I gobble up your tweets they're
there they're sort of a lifeline in
these topsy-turvy times and I'm dying to
hear your take on what we saw active
today it's good we all are what are your
thoughts you know I want to be
diplomatic but I thought it was
appalling I just I I can't think of a
better word this was so easy Nicole this
would have been so easy for President
Trump we had such low expectations for
this summit all he had to do was just
push back a little bit on some basic
things to look like he was defending
America's national interest our
sovereignty and instead he chose very
deliberately not to push back on
Vladimir Putin and on the contrary
lavished praise on him and you know I
just look at this not as a democrat or
republican thing but how did the
performance today advance American
national interests and I can't think of
one place where that happened today I
mean can I just disagree slightly I mean
I think the bar was even lower than what
you described all he had to do was not
you know put on jammies and crawl under
the covers with Vladimir Putin and he
couldn't do that he didn't have to push
back at all for his supporters and all
the Republicans that we put up before to
simply give him a pass he didn't even
meet his own low bar for not screwing
this up so take me inside I mean I spoke
to a former adviser who was part of
those early intelligence briefings with
the president said he always had a
hardwired skepticism for the American
intelligence community and he said for
the first time after watching the
president in Moscow today
he thinks there's something else there
that triggers Donald Trump's reflexive
constant defense of Vladimir Putin does
that does that ring true to you I don't
know the answer to that that's why we
need mr. Muller to finish his work but
it is very strange we've never had a
president ever speak this way about an
adversary and let's be clear Vladimir
Putin is an adversary there that he's
not a competitor you know he is an
adversary and
our president today went out of his way
to praise him and when it was just teed
up for him just like very colorful
language by the way you know you are not
a diplomat but when it when it was teed
up for him just to say the very basic
things
he chose deliberately not to do it and
that was his striking to me because you
know I've been in those briefings with
President Obama right before he walks
out to do one of these interviews
everybody knew what the question was
gonna be he's sitting there with his top
advisors they're advised I know some of
those people I know their views on this
and yet he chose to do something else
it's very bizarre and I think tragic
let's go there because Vladimir Putin
did on the dossier and the idea of
vladimir putin having compromising
information about the president because
let's face it a lot of people
hypothesize that it's something that
personal for donald trump let's watch
and talk about on the other side yeah I
did heard rumors we allegedly collected
compromising material on mr. Trump when
he was visiting Moscow when President
Trump visit Moscow back then I didn't
even know that he was in Moscow I with
utmost respect individual the
businessman nobody that he was in Moscow
let's take just st. Petersburg Economic
Forum for 500 American businessman the
high ranking the high-level ones I don't
even remember you the last names of each
and every one of them do you remember do
you think that we try to collect
compromising but you learn each and
every single one of them well it's
difficult to imagine another nonsense of
a bigger scale than this well please
just disregard these issues and don't
think about this anymore again just push
it out of your silly little head and
since you already told me I was
undiplomatic let me just say that way
Putin is talking about there is what
some people refer to as the P tape the
salacious aspects of the dossier saying
I heard these rumors that we allegedly
collected compromising material that's
what he's talking about
and he threw that out there today your
thoughts well I thought his answer was
very curious he never denied that they
had that material on him all he said was
I wasn't briefed on when mr. Trump was
there in 2013 but by the way when I was
ambassador and when we would in brief
when we would brief congressional
delegations other high-ranking officials
we would tell them about Russia's
tremendous capabilities to gather that
kind of intelligence including at the
ritz-carlton you need to understand that
every phone call you make every message
you send on email and every movement you
make even in my own house every movement
I made I had to assume was being
recorded now I don't know what was
recorded but I do know that they have
the capacity to do so one other anecdote
by the way I was at the ritz-carlton
with President Obama in July 2009 that
was his first summit then with President
Mandela in order to have a confidential
conversation in that hotel we built a
submarine like structure that had no
connectivity to anything in the suite
that we then crawled into to have a
conversation just to give you a sense of
what can happen what we thought could
happen in the ritz-carlton I traveled
with President Bush to summits not even
in Russia where Vladimir Putin was in
attendance and we had that kind of
security so the idea that Putin spying
on everyone is ludicrous let me ask you
where we go from here we now have the
American intelligence community and the
political appointees who run those
agencies laying under the bus today
having to defend themselves in the
integrity of their work product from an
American president who just took
Vladimir Putin's word over theirs where
do those men and women go after today
should they resign you know that's a
hard question right tell me why cuz the
reason they were there is even the
Anthony scare Moochie said was to
protect America from Donald Trump why is
that a hard question right it's been
answered some of that well
those that have resigned and some of
those people that I know are still
working there so these are some of the
people I've known
a long time their argument is always
well if we leave it's going to be worse
now I think that's a false proposition
right I disagree with that analysis but
when you're you remember this from
working in the white house when you're
in the bunker there and you're cut off
from people like you and me they're not
listening to us right now right they're
on Air Force One right now yeah they
think that they are serving America's
national interest standing there sitting
there like potted plants I guarantee you
none of the people I shouldn't get I
shouldn't say that my assessment is of
most of the people in the room today
when they were listening to the
president they disagree with them but
they get up tomorrow and they think well
if I'm not here it's gonna be even worse
that's absolutely right and I think
we've all had some lesser experience
than what those aides had to have had
today watching this president an
ambassador McFaul were so grateful to
have you on all days but especially
today let's turn to our panel Matt
Miller as a former spokesman at the
Department of Justice now a national
security contributor for MSNBC in a
prolific tweeter himself John cipher was
the senior CIA officer who ran
operations in Russia MSNBC contributor
Eddie Glaude a professor at Princeton
University and joining us from the
Washington Post White House reporter
Ashley Parker Ashley let me start with
you your colleague Phil Rutgers also
been essentially live tweeting this leg
of the trip with some unbelievable
observations that press conference I
read Jonathan Swan it was also in the
room said that there was just a palpable
sense of shock at the president's answer
that we played to the a piece Jonathan
Lemire at the top of the show your
thoughts about the spectacle in Helsinki
sure so on the one hand there were
indications of this that this might not
go exactly according to script if you
looked at the president's tweets if you
looked at his past comments but to get
into the spectacle it is one thing to
criticize your Justice Department your
FBI the Democrats the opposition party
the quote/unquote fake news media on
Twitter from the White House in the
United States it is another thing to do
that not just when you are abroad and
you know there's that old saying that
sort of politics stop at the water's
edge but when you are abroad at a summit
standing next to Russia and President
Vladimir
one of our biggest geopolitical foes and
that is what President Trump did in the
spectacle is that Putin who is you know
a former Russian spy chief he has a very
good kind of dry deadpan face there were
moments in that press conference where
you almost saw a little flicker of delay
as if even he couldn't believe his
fantastic luck that the president was
standing there with all cameras trained
on them saying what he was saying Matt
Miller I'm not sure that you agree with
John Roberts on a regular basis but you
might today he tweeted whoa there's an
avalanche of you-know-what rolling
downhill at warp speed toward Donald
Trump over this summit Republicans even
the DNI are throwing buckets full at him
yeah so what we've seen this before
remember last year when the president
made his comments about charlottesville
and we saw an avalanche of Republicans
that's right and nobody resigned and a
week later everybody framed the
Republican Party forgot about it and
moved on and acted like nothing happened
we'll see if the Republicans are
actually willing to hold him accountable
in a long term whether they're willing
to start calling administration
officials up to Capitol Hill next week
to explain what happened to explain what
the president's been saying behind
closed doors to explain how he's coming
to the posi he's endorsing with respect
to Russia but I'm guessing we won't see
any of that I'm guessing you'll see them
put out statements because they know
today like Charlottesville was such a
disgrace that they are gonna have to
answer to their voters that they're gay
even gonna be some Republican you know
voters who are a little appalled by what
the president did and so they have to
put out a statement but I guarantee you
what they're hoping is that they just
they they say one thing and this goes
away and they don't have to answer for
it again but how does this go away if
the Central Charles the late Charles
Krauthammer wrote in his book that if
you get the politics wrong nothing else
matters and it was sort of a reference
to the former Soviet Union and it seems
like the the parallel now is if you get
the Russia question wrong nothing I mean
if if whatever Putin picked our
president does anything else matter I
mean how do you how do you how do you
move on in a week if you've got the the
most stark evidence to date that Donald
Trump is on Team Putin not Team America
yeah you asking me I think this is
really a tough thing for our
intelligence agencies infer our national
security professionals there's a general
sinesses cydnus ism there anyway I mean
when we work with politicians there's
that view
in the intelligence community we say
sometimes you can you can lead a
policymaker to think or to intelligence
but you can't make him think so but
what's happened here is this is the
first time we've ever seen a president
who actually is not doesn't seem serious
about its job
he doesn't seem serious about his old he
doesn't seem serious about national
security issues it's all about him and
so it's going to be harder going forward
all of those professionals think and
have been thinking that if I just do my
job and I provide him with information
at some point we're gonna turn the
corner and it's clear today that there's
no corner to be turned and let me just
press a little harder because it's it's
more than that the intelligence
professionals that service this
president view him as their most
important client and they and they think
they want to serve him better
so all these either been stories Ashley
and her colleagues have written about
the PDB having graphic representation
mean it's more than that they don't just
think if I keep doing my job they think
if I keep doing my job better
so do they continue to try to innovate
their intelligence product to win him
over or do they look at what happened
today and throw up their hands the
intelligence meetings pretty resilient
place most people gonna put their heads
down and do do their work and yes I
truly believe they will continue to try
to do a better job try it at one end I'm
with you on that I to me you know I long
ago saw what this president was and I
long ago believed that you know he is
what he appears to be and so there are
gonna be people who just you know
probably should leave would you tell
your you you wrote that let me put up a
piece from from your piece in the
Atlantic why American spies worry when
Trump meets with Putin for the
intelligence collector the worry is that
the more Trump denigrates Western values
and displays a sense of personal
dishonesty the less the u.s. looks like
the better option why risk your life to
provide information to a US president
who doesn't understand the stakes and
doesn't respect the work of his security
profession can you just just draw that
out for our viewers a little but people
don't understand that that lives are on
the line especially for our allies who
provide intelligence that that American
intelligence operatives may not have
access to in dangerous parts of the
world where they don't have to share it
with us but they do because there are
professional relationships among
intelligence officials Donald Trump
seems to either not understand that or
be willfully trying to blow that up yeah
that's exactly right there's two things
here there's one there are intelligence
partners that we work with overseas the
British the Australians others that
provide us tremendous
information it's called five eyes right
absolutely and there's a lot more
there's a lot of these countries provide
us stuff that we can't get otherwise and
we need to take that seriously and if
you denigrate those people you're making
that different more difficult to do and
in fact those of us who work in a
contestant service we're trying to
recruit spies to work for us the one
thing we have going for us is that we
represent the United States of America
it's really easy when you work for a
corrupt country to look at the United
States as a place that I can go if I
have information I'm upset with my boss
I'm upset with the corruption of my
country it's gonna be a lot harder for
our officers to collect that kind of
information when we look like one of
these third-world dictatorships in some
senses and that's my question for you
Eddie I mean did we stop being John
McCain's statement is interesting and I
traveled all over with him in 2008 where
among his daily calls were calls from
Saakashvili and others who depended not
just on America but on John McCain and
Lindsey Graham and other members who
worked to make sure that America would
stand with the countries who had Russia
as an adversary it seems like in John
McCain's statement was a subtext that we
may have stopped being who we thought we
were absolutely illusions are shattering
around us daily we saw in very clear
stark terms today the crisis the country
faces we Donald Trump what he did today
suggested that he is not committed to
the O's he took that the country the
country that many people have so much
faith in right that the country is on
the precipice we've turned our attention
away from the TMZ video we gave them a
break when it came to the Khan family
you gave him a break when it came to
Charlottesville you gave them a break
and now here we are on the national
stage you know undermining NATO right
fundamentally challenging the role of
the country in the world if you want to
soft-pedal
like the secretary did in our earlier
segment if you can't say flecked in
distress right what he actually
represents as a threat to the country
then you are complicit
do you agree that
I do we've been in a national crisis
since he became president and I felt a
little bit like a dope this morning you
know I watched this and I was appalled
and surprised and shocked but we really
shouldn't have been surprised that's so
interesting over the former national
security advisors from the campaign said
he said look all this started in the
summer 2016 when he first went in and
started taking selfies with the people
who briefed him I mean this is not new
right the surprising thing would have
been if he came out today and held
Vladimir Putin accountable there's no
evidence leading up to you know to lead
us to believe that he would do that sure
it was a low bar for him to clear but he
can't clear that bar right because if he
did collude with the Russian government
some way Vladimir Putin knows that and
forget the comprar Matt he can't come in
to hold Latimer Putin accountable
because he asked Vladimir Putin to do it
publicly in the middle of the campaign
on the same day they did it actually
Prager let me give you the last word and
you write some of the best tick-tocks
after these most dramatic moments at the
Trump presidency
what sort of tidbits are trickling in
from White House advisers about how this
came to be today he had to have expected
a question like the one he got from
Jonathan Lemire and he seemed very
prepared to say I'm with him Vladimir
Putin so we're still reporting this out
but let's to put it mildly that this did
not go according to script it's an
advisor sort of know enough to know that
he was likely going to veer off and our
understanding was that that they prepped
him they showed him hundreds of pages of
documents they urged him to be very
tough on Putin and privately they were
saying to allies you know here are the
parts we can control you know sort of
maybe a generic statement that comes out
after the meeting but they sort of said
look when it comes to the press and they
said this in advance of the press
conference but they said when it comes
to this press conference all bets are
off we we have no control at that point
let me put up all the people he's blamed
for election meddling it's Democrats
Obama China the poor 400-pound person in
his basement and other people in other
countries so I'm guessing his staff was
prepared for any one of those but maybe
not all the PDA for Vladimir Putin they
had some Inklings yeah
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep
up to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
