which is of course the fear of so many
right now as we're waiting for Donald
Trump to arrive and meet with Vladimir
Putin for what he calls the summit for
what the United States ambassador of
Russia calls a meeting let's bring it
right now a US senator from the state of
Connecticut and also member that
Judiciary Committee Richard Blumenthal
senator Blumenthal thanks for being with
us I'm curious what your reaction is to
the shocking amount of forensic evidence
the detail that actually places the
proverbial gun in the hand of Vladimir
Putin in the undermining of American
democracy and what the next step should
be for the United States Senate the
United States House and the United
States president the forensic evidence
and the allegations remember every one
of them supported by evidence of proof
beyond a reasonable doubt is enormous ly
compelling but also equally important is
what's left unsaid to the Americans who
are named in the indictment not by name
but in fact they are included and the
other Americans that may be targets of
the investigation there's also a message
to the members of the House of
Representatives who engage in that
stunning spectacle last week where they
were essentially hanging and harassing
continuing their concerted campaign to
discredit and stop this investigation it
is about our national security and the
next step for the United States Congress
has to be to persuade or compel the
President to address this threat to our
national security it affects not only
our American democracy but also
democracies around the world and now
more than ever at a time of threat to
Western democracy from this cyber attack
by Vladimir Putin we need to be rallying
together and I think the United States
Senate is going
to make an effort as we did last week by
stating our commitment 97 2 to 4
resolution that says to NATO we are with
you we want you to be with us we are
continuing to be committed because we
are facing a continuing act of war by
the Vladimir Putin he has tried to
divide us cause disarray and he will
stop at nothing to destroy these Western
democracy senators should stop at
nothing but what can't we introduce
something to give cos something that
might get it to stop this is the oldest
tease indictments show a degree of
knowledge about what the Russians are up
to that's quite profound and it seems to
me implicit in that as we could exactly
cut we don't have to just play defense
we could play offense Vladimir Putin
cares nothing so much more because most
about his own political position his own
personal wealth and so forth we do you
think there would be support from your
colleagues for essentially saying here's
the price you're going to pay for what
you did and by the way if we find more
evidence that you're carrying out acts
of aggression against American politics
here's what we're gonna do to weaken
your political base here's what we're
going to reveal about you here's ways
that we can interfere with your ability
to maintain control in Russia
is that something you think there'd be
support for I think there would be very
very strong support bipartisan support
on the Armed Services Committee where I
also sit as well as Judiciary Committee
and the Senate as a whole the Congress
as a whole and we can accomplish many of
those ends by revealing some of the
assets that Putin and his oleg arks have
in this country and other Western
democracy some of the corruption that
exists in his own country if we want to
name and shame as Muller is doing in his
investigation plus heightening sanctions
we need to hit back hard and make the
Russians pay a price and also define
what cyber war means what is an act of
war in the cyber domain we have been hit
by one we need to fight back and I think
there would be very strong support for
going
the offense not simply playing defense
here Clint do you think what dan coates
is suggesting and I was just trying to
kind of on unpick what he's saying when
he says look to the Russians if I was to
say to the Russians we know what you're
doing we know you know what you're doing
and if you want to get into a
tit-for-tat
we will win this one is there serious
conversations going on in the US
intelligence community about what that
tip for tat would look like from an
American perspective what would be that
retaliatory measures well without
disclosing what I know from intelligence
briefings that I received the classified
information that we've received
certainly there is a lot of
consideration about what can be done you
heard Dan Coates describing the extent
of the threat I thought this summit or
whatever the meeting may be called never
should have taken place Donald Trump
should walk out of it if Vladimir Putin
refused to turn over those 12 Russian
spies that are named for trial in this
country and I believe strongly that he
ought to avoid the show sort of press
conference that typically happens
afterward but there is serious
discussion and has been for some time
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
