tonight we are all still processing and
learning a lot more about this Bob
Miller indictment against 12 Russian
agents over hacking into the Democratic
Party Plus Hillary Clinton's campaign
emails and disseminating that hacked
information all at the most pivotal
times in the general election of the
2016 campaign now as promised we turn to
the top Democrat on the House
Intelligence Committee congressman Adam
Schiff who's been leading his own
parallel investigation into all this
thank you for joining us on this busy
evening congressman when you look at
what is alleged in this new indictment
do you think these Russian agents could
have pulled all of it off alone well
it's hard to say I mean certainly
there's plenty of evidence that there
were communications with Americans and
we knew this before the indictment one
of the things that's not even mentioned
in this indictment is the fact that the
Russians told the Trump campaign through
George papadopolis we know and perhaps
through others that they were in
possession of these very same stolen
documents that are laid out in the
indictment that happened in April we
know from this indictment that it was
just the month before that they did the
hacking so almost immediately thereafter
they're telling the Trump campaign we
have this and as you pointed out earlier
on the show when the president goes out
in July and says hey Russians if you're
listening these are some other emails
we're interested in your hacking they go
out and attempt to hack those two and I
think it's very significant not just
that Bob Muller puts the date July 27th
in the indictment but even the time they
want us to know that this happened after
Donald Trump made that speech and I
think that's pretty significant tell as
well so we're lucky to have you given
your mastery the time line viewers
hearing you may think okay well if they
already had stuff in April which they
were sharing any at least information
about that what exactly was different
about what they were pursuing in July
well what we've seen is there were hacks
of a number of different democratic
institutions and there was also a lot of
thought and care put into what is the
best timeline to start releasing this
material one of the other interesting
aspects again when you put this
indictment together with
we know from the investigation and what
we know from some of the other plea
documents is you have that June 9th
meeting in Trump Tower where the Trump
campaign at the highest levels is often
offered derogatory information on
Hillary Clinton the message that goes
back to the Kremlin is we'd love to have
your help but we're really disappointed
in what you produced at that meeting now
it's only days later that Julian Assange
who is of course heading that other
unnamed organization in the indictment
announces he's received the Russian
emails or the stolen emails from the
Russians he doesn't mention the Russians
per se but we know that's where they
came from
and we also see a suggestion by Don
junior that the best time they could use
the help is late summer and of course we
see that's what the Russians do they
start dribbling these out in late summer
to maximal effect so you're laying out a
rather subtle approach to conspiracy or
collusion to use the more colloquial
term which is the notion that there's
some sort of menu and the Russians are
offering all kinds of things and they're
getting relatively high level access to
the Trump campaign saying well we're
cooler to this and we're warmer to that
and also here's the time that it would
be most helpful based on your knowledge
as well as whatever you can glean and
share from your own investigation does
that rise the level of criminal intent
or at the end of the day is that the
Russians doing what many people know
they've done which is throw a lot of
stuff at the United States with or
without American encouragement what we
see is really classic Russian tradecraft
and that is they'll make outreaches to
people to Americans they'll begin by
using intermediaries they'll then see
whether there's a receptivity to the
approach and if there is they'll
followed up with other approaches and
this is the pattern we see with the
approach through the professor to
Papadopoulos than the approach through
the foreign ministry then the approach
to the meaning of Trump Tower and you
see that they're getting the message
effectively back from the Trump campaign
yes we are receptive to this in fact the
president's the president himself as
candidate says quite publicly that he
wants the Russians to help by hacking
and you see the Russians come
through now whether there is sufficient
proof of conspiracy beyond a reasonable
doubt involving the Trump campaign Bob
Muller is in the best position to know
what I can see are different pieces of
this puzzle but what I can see also has
missing pieces I don't know for example
who Papadopoulos talked to about the
Russian approach we were going to bring
in John Mashburn one of the policy
advisers for the Trump campaign this
week he'd agreed to come in but as soon
as we inform the majority he was going
to come testify the majority intervened
to tell him not to come the majority
doesn't want to know who in the Trump
campaign was aware of this approach and
who might have been in the know prior to
the meeting in Trump Tower but Bob
Muller knows at this point and we'll
just have to wait to see whether the
next indictment on the hacking and
dumping operation if there is another is
focused on Americans as you say Bob
Miller knows Donald Trump knew for some
time here with advance warning and what
your colleagues yesterday and that
rather contentious hearing knew I think
is also an open question given just how
ferocious some of the political pushback
has been a congressman shift top
Democrat on House Intelligence thank you
so much for being here tonight
thank you much appreciate it now we have
a lot more tonight on the blockbuster
indictments as well as an exclusive look
at some new and big questions about the
financing of Donald Trump's Scottish
golf courses please stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
