can you see this president being that
tough with Putin Jeremy bash at the top
of the broadcast said any other
president would be expected to walk in
and slap this document down on the desk
and say answer for this well no I don't
expect this president to do anything of
the like because you know as you know he
seems to be beholden to Vladimir Putin
in some way shape or form how that is is
really left up to the special counsel
will determine that any other president
Jeremy is absolutely right he would have
I like that idea he would have served
the Russian president with these
indictments would have demanded the 12
Russian intelligence officers or better
yet would have canceled this conference
and would have ratcheted up the tensions
to their appropriate level the United
States was attacked the United States
remains under attack and now we have a
president who is ready to give Russia
whatever they want and he just doesn't
believe what he sees before his own eyes
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
