we do not try cases on television or in
congressional hearings most anonymous
leaks are not from the government
officials who are actually conducting
these investigations we follow the rules
law which means that we follow
procedures and we reserve judgment we
complete our investigations and we
evaluate all of the relevant evidence
before we reach any conclusion as far as
we can tell we don't know for sure
essentially no leaks whatsoever from
malbert molars team proceeded today's
bombshell indictment instead the special
counsels day dropped an astounding
document packed with crucial details
that hint at collusion at a number of
levels here to help me unpack everything
going on here former Watergate
prosecutor an MSNBC legal analyst Nick
Ackerman Marcy wheeler a journalist
covering national security and civil
liberties who's been following this case
extremely closely Marcy one of the
things that emerges in this document
that you were noting today on empty
wheel which is the sight that you write
at was how long the hacking was going
how broad it was in scope and
particularly I thought this was
interesting
'inna around September 2016 the
conspirators also successfully gained
access to DNC computers hosted on a
third party cloud computing service the
computers contain test applications
related to the DNC's analytics if it got
significant
since the hack happened one of the
things I've been really fearful of is
that the Russians would get and possibly
tamper with Hillary's analytics she ran
a very analytically driven campaign and
so we already knew that they had Harappa
research we already knew they had their
field plans which were kind of dated
those are the hacks going back to the
spring but what we're talking about now
is in September in the heat of the
general election campaign they were
getting hilary's they got a copy of a
backup of Hillary's snapshot of what her
campaign looked at probably nationally
and that's something I and I know a
couple of other people close to this
hack have been really concerned that
they actually gotten today we had
confirmation that they did so Nick what
jumped out of you well we jumped out of
me is you take that in combination
with Roger stone conversations with
gusoff or 2.0 which are part of which is
put into this indictment which show that
in fact they're talking about analytics
they're talking as the voter modeling
modeling it's the same thing what they
were doing was it was all part of this
Cambridge analytical program to actually
go in suppress the Hillary Clinton vote
if you know who it is that she thinks
she's relying on and you take that to
send out fake news phony stories
disparaging information that's how you
suppress the vote but what really
strikes me in this entire indictment is
this conspiracy that's charged it's not
just the hacking into the Democratic
National Committee it's also the staging
of the emails that were hacked and the
documents that were hacked so once you
start talking about the staging you're
talking about the American side of this
equation you're talking about the Trump
campaign and how they used it there is
no way that the Russians knew how to use
this material knew when to release it
knew what the significance of it would
be in various parts on a political level
no way nohow yeah that's that's a
question that hangs over this
particularly there's a quoted moment
where they're they're explaining to GRU
officer or WikiLeaks is like we should
get this out before the convention
because they're just gonna have the
nomination so if we can move along on
that like oh yeah that makes sense
there's there's also something Marcy
you've been covering closely which is
the Board of Elections and and this has
been something a little sort of adjacent
to the main story of the the Podesta
hacks and the DNC hacks because those
were those are things we publicly saw
but we've gotten a lot of information
that they were sort of knocking on the
doors messin with the systems of various
state boards of elections and we have
this that in around July 2016 Kovalev
and his co-conspirators hacked the
website of a State Board of Elections
stole information related to
approximately half a million voters
including names addresses partial Social
Security numbers dates of birth and
driver's license numbers what do you
think of that well we knew that that had
happened but the public discussion at
least put the number closer to 70,000
that's 500,000 people from the state of
Illinois and then actually even later
there was a description of the same
officers kind of sniffing around Iowa
servers and Georgia servers and they
were going to see what kind of
weaknesses there were on swing states
and that and that's the kind of
terrorizing possibility that we heard
about a couple days after that Barack
Obama actually called President Putin on
their red line to say knock it off but
we now know is that these same people
who had stolen that information in July
were looking like they were considering
doing it
I mean Illinois is not a swing state
you're not going to turn Illinois to a
red state but Iowa
yeah Georgia yeah so they were going
after the states that that could and you
know in some cases did make the
difference in the election and they were
doing it just 12 days before the
elections
the scariest part I find here is what we
don't know because what they are not
telling us in this indictment and they
shouldn't be telling us is that they
couldn't find everything you're dealing
with antiquated systems in the state
computer systems that are not geared
toward maintaining an audit trail so
that you know who's gone in what they've
done what they've taken whether they've
changed votes whether they've removed
voters you can't tell that and they're
not telling us that in this indictment
although we should say Rosen Stein says
he essentially no votes were changed
he's saying that's not what's alleged in
the indictment he's not saying no votes
were changed right so that's the big
problem yes I mean the integrity of that
system and tomorr sees point about like
that being the red line phone call
moment of no no no no this is now we're
escalating to something and saying one
last point in here Marcy and I want to
get your thoughts on this is there is an
American in here who shows up pretty
prominently who's a congressional
candidate who shows up the indictment
the conspirators posing Lucifer 2.0
received a request a request he's
getting solicited for stolen documents
from a candidate for US Congress
conspirators responded using the
addition of her 2.0 persona sent the
candidate stolen documents related to
the candidates funding that seems like
ronimal are being like buddy get a
lawyer well you know he probably already
has we had known that
Republican consultant in Florida had
gotten a huge dump and that's also in
the indictment yeah
a huge dump of data again this is Apple
research so you're it's a swing state
you're giving this Oppo research for
congressional campaigns to a bunch of
Florida Republicans you're making it
available many many of the Republicans
who have been most vocal in defending
Trump Matt gets and Rhonda scientists
first and second are both from Florida
they both got that data right but now we
know and and there's been names floated
out there and we haven't had it
confirmed yet anywhere we know that a
congressional candidate got on DM z--
and said hey give me stuff that's going
to help me and that sounds like because
you know as a number of people have
pointed out that was in mid mid-august
like if you knew enough to be following
booster defer 2.0 in mid-august you knew
that he was presumed to be a Russian
persona so call up the Russians say give
me the stuff on my opponent and help me
win in November just slide into those
dams Nick Ackerman and Marcy wheeler
thank you both hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
