former Roger stone aide Sam Nunn burg
and back with me for context Evelyn
Farkas Sam people in politics say oh we
knew there was hacking but the man you
used to work for Donald Trump and many
people around him long and still doubt
about who did it how it happened whether
it mattered do you think today's
indictment which Donald Trump was was
briefed on should change his mind about
undermining both the fact that the
Russians did this and attacking the
probe well first of all I think that
this should change the mind of any
Republican voter that doesn't want to
vote this midterm because Donald Trump
will be impeached by a Democrat Congress
if you look at this indictment the fact
that they would release his indictment
before his meeting with Putin do you
think you think this is a predicate for
impeachment why
well if Muller is clearly setting up the
narrative the narrative the next
indictments coming will be I assume
Roger and maybe others I mean it's been
reported by CNBC I was never asked about
this that somebody was asked about a
meeting Roger head with now his name is
Casey while I'm on live TV the one who
worked for manna fort right under him
Rick Gates Rick Gates that he had a
meeting with him so who knows what they
talked about with the emails as I've
said when Rick Gates of course has pled
guilty and he's cooperating you say
today you think it's more likely that
Roger stone will be indicted yeah well I
think Roger was from the very beginning
as I said after I left the voluntary
after I left the grand jury Roger was if
it would be nice to say he was a subject
he was clearly a target my question that
was clear to you in the way that you
were being questioned yeah I've said
that to you before 100 percent Lee you
said at the time though that you felt
that it was like they were trying to set
up a quote perjury trap which has to do
with statements Roger has made in a
setting where perjury would matter
presumably testifying this doesn't look
like perjury Sam this looks like laying
out the predicate for the fact that
Roger stone was talking to the Russian
military agents who were claiming to be
gusoff or that they went in and
pretended they were not Russian they had
a Romanian cover story and that Roger
backed that up to do you think Roger may
have knowingly committed a crime as he
went down that road no because I think
well in terms of cooperating with the
Russians I've had this argument with him
I've talked about this publicly I said
to him I don't know why you're
associating yourself
these people so publicly they've our
intelligence community has said that the
Russians did it and he says to me that
he didn't believe the russians hacked so
i would say do you think rogers that
stupid i guess is the question I think
Roger is conspiratorial yes I think
Roger Alex Jones in that whole thing but
that defense that you are sharing and I
appreciate you coming so this is all I
understand you're explaining what you've
learned let me finish you're explaining
your understanding of the situation that
theory of the case to defend Rogers
suggests that Roger stone is stupid or a
novice you and I have both dealt with
him he strikes me as neither of those
things
Roger is someone who does not trust the
government sometimes and has seen
disinformation put out I disagree with
him on this it was clear to me that
Putin did this Putin is not my friend I
think Putin is not an ally he's an
adversary by the way the president
should confirm Putin about this publicly
in his press conference with him and do
you think that Donald Trump should do
that do you think he will do that I
would hope so I don't know Evelyn well
you know where I stand I mean if the
president meets with Putin which i think
is a horrible idea I thought it was a
horrible idea before this you know but
it's still a horrible idea it's even
worse now unless he comes back with 26
Russians in handcuffs
you know because we need them extradited
now we've got 26 Russians of a few
matters right a matter of diplomacy does
it look weak and soft to go give Putin
this meeting after this is leading the
witness
yes I mean right now the Russians this
this Kremlin this Russian government
only understands firmness if the
president goes and meets with Putin I
mean unless he you know takes his shoe
off like Nikita Khrushchev the former
head of the Russian the Soviet
government and pounded on the table
publicly he's not gonna appear firm to
Putin privately nor to the Russian
people nor to the Russian government the
Russian military etc and the Russians
will only stop their meddling because
remember they're still meddling they
will only stop it today if our president
is firm Evelyn Farkas where the
Khrushchev
we will bury you reference always a
classic I just very quickly play
something it shows why this special
council does affect in general and
specifically this president conducting
foreign policy and releasing this
indictment today was selective I don't
know why they had to do it I love this
indictment from the point of view of
we're holding the Russians accountable I
hope these people never run through the
United States but there's nothing new
there's nothing new about the DOJ going
after spies when they operate here Preet
Bharara who many of our viewers know
under Obama indicted Russians and other
people it goes through the president was
briefed in advance you're not alleging
anything wrong with that process I don't
think the president could have delayed
this once he what would have happened if
the President or his White House said oh
you know what why would you want to
delay this why wouldn't you want to be
tough when the facts show interference
in our elections I think if you would
say look you're I have to meet with this
guy why don't we do it the next Friday I
think it I think it let me play for you
the other project which it is
organization one is named in this
indictment and it appears to be
WikiLeaks and it appears to allege that
WikiLeaks did more than released
information which is sort of old school
WikiLeaks transparency that they seem to
be actively involved in trying to help
the your former candidate the Trump
campaign with the timing and then you
have the fact that Donald Trump was very
publicly boisterous about WikiLeaks
during the campaign take a look this
just came out this just came out
WikiLeaks I love WikiLeaks you see so
much from these WikiLeaks WikiLeaks
unveils horrible horrible things about
Hillary Clinton where that WikiLeaks has
done a job on her husband do you think
during the campaign Donald Trump or his
top leadership team had an actual
understanding of what's alleged in here
today regarding WikiLeaks and the
Russians I you know I can't answer that
because I did not communicate with them
so if I had to guess what I would say is
everybody on the Republican can the
conservative and media side him I saw
this and I thought it was hypocritical
wanted to believe Assange when he said
it wasn't the Russians hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
