our relationship with the UK and now
especially after this two days with your
Prime Minister I would say the highest
level of special am I allowed to go am I
allowed to go higher than that I'm not
sure but it's the highest level of
special there are very special people
it's a very special country welcome back
to hardball that was President Trump
trying to mend fences after taking his
wrecking ball diplomacy to the special
relationship as it's known between the
US and the United Kingdom Trump spent
part of his second day in Britain trying
to explain away his comments to the
British tabloid the son trashing Prime
Minister Theresa Mayes handling of
brexit I would have done it much
differently I actually told to her said
they had to do it but she didn't agree
with she didn't listen to me What did he
say
she didn't listen no I told her how to
do it that will be up to her to say but
I told her how to do it she just said
she wanted to go a different route so
you would be prepared to walk away if
they didn't give you the right terms I
think very unfortunate at their joint
press conference this morning President
Trump tried to walk back those comments
that didn't criticize the prime-minister
have a lot of respect for the Prime
Minister and unfortunately there was a
story that was done which was you know
generally fine but it didn't put in what
I said about the Prime Minister once the
brexit process is concluded and perhaps
the UK has left the EU I don't know what
they're gonna do but whatever you do is
okay with me that's your decision the
embarrassing diplomatic episode comes as
thousands of demonstrators swarm the
streets of London to protest Trump's
visit and of course days ahead of
Trump's face-to-face sit-down with
Vladimir Putin on Monday for more joined
by Beth Bowie senior politics editor for
NBC News and MSNBC and Bobby Ghosh
Bloomberg opinion editor and columnist
Bobby the other context for Trump and
may is her government in England these
things can fall fast over there it came
into this week pretty unstable so he
goes over there and he hits her in that
interview where she's most vulnerable in
her own party I'm brexit Ben he's
standing with there he acts like nothing
ever happened
to questions where does she emerge
politically this week her government
where does it emerge this week and then
the question of the US Britain
relationship where does that emerge from
this week ironically for the four sort
of completely unexpected reasons she
might just might come off looking
slightly better because she held her
nerve she held she remained graceful
where while he was a screwed bombing
usual self her government is very very
vulnerable what we didn't show is he
repeatedly praised both in the Sun
interview and in that press conference
he repeatedly praised her biggest rival
within the party Boris Johnson who is
quit right with the party leaving her in
a crisis so you know he basically not
only put petrol over the over the the
situation he didn't put a match to it so
this is a very very very awkward moment
for grace of May but the Brits do
respond well if I can be presumptuous to
speak with them respond well to grace
under fire and I think she she gave a
good account of herself
given how come how awkward that
situation with is that might win her a
few brownie points just like that and
how does something like that I wonder
Beth play over here because on the one
end we don't see presidents go over to
Britain and behave this way on the other
hands Donald Trump did campaign for
president basically saying we're getting
ripped off by the entire world we need
to rethink all the the posture and the
attitude he's conveying here is
something he talked about you know
running for president oh yeah a hundred
percent and we've seen this many many
times where he sort of lives in his own
reality bubble and he sort of seemed to
think that Theresa May wouldn't have
read this article or listen to the audio
before he had that dinner with her and
then appeared with her at that press
conference so he could say well what I
said then I didn't really say what I
meant to say or he didn't have to say I
meant to say what I said is this and yes
you know we're used to this with Donald
Trump that black is white and up is down
and and he creates his own reality and
and he's very persuasive when he does so
so he perhaps can convince a few people
that well maybe what he was claimed to
have said in them in the magazine or in
the article really doesn't matter at all
but to the to the point you make about
this of him doing things that presidents
typically don't do
he went over he criticized their their
prime minister in her country and then
he criticized the press he blamed the
press for this mishap of communication
when of course there wasn't any our
press the American press on foreign soil
again something that presidents
typically don't do but because we're so
sort of numb and ignored to everything
that Donald Trump does we just sort of
said well it was such a fascinating
contrast because you're listening to the
tape the interview or you're reading it
and then he was very confidently dissing
her then it gets face to face and it's
it's a completely different attitude let
me shift gears though to this upcoming
Trump and Putin to sit down the White
House is saying tonight it's still on
you've got Democrats out there saying it
shouldn't be is this indictment are
these indictments today going to impact
what Donald Trump doesn't that meeting
do you think what good actor every
rational logical reckoning it ought to
it gives him something to take to Putin
and said enough of these blanket denials
enough of saying nyet nyet nyet we have
proof now your people were involved what
are you going to do about it but this is
Donald Trump and he has repeatedly shown
as he said as you said he's capable of
living in a you know in a bubble of fact
free bubble and so I suspect if he if he
says anything at all the fact that it's
there they're not going to be any aids
in the room
means that we won't really hear very
much about it it doesn't look like he's
going to strike a combative pose with
Vladimir Putin
so if I were put and I wouldn't be
particularly worried with any of it in
in Trump on this subject he defended his
performance arguing his behavior does
not undermine the Alliance so his
behavior in Britain does not undermine
the Alliance ahead of that meeting with
Vladimir Putin let me explain something
we have left NATO with more money with
more unity with more spirit than NATO
probably has ever had when you look at
what we've done in terms of Russia
I guarantee whoever it is in Russia
they're saying oh gee do we wish that
trump was not the victor in that
election we have been far tougher on
Russia than anybody anybody
well Beth Bobby said it a second ago
right now it sounds like the plan is one
on one Trump you got Mark Warner senator
from Virginia saying president United
States should not be one-on-one with
Vladimir Putin there needs to be another
American in that room but it looks like
the plans one-on-one can he come out of
that what can he come out of that room
and say in light of what we have tonight
right and that was controversial even
before these indictments came down that
he would he would go to what just have
this meeting just the two of them with
no note-taking with no American to give
give witness to what was said apparently
we are told by the White House press
office that everything is is as as
planned there's not going to be any
changes what I don't understand though
Steve is is it with respect to sort of
how he loves to appear with everyone
including it with our allies in NATO g7
its that are very tough you know on the
tough guy I'm kind of the alpha male I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna exploit
weakness I'm gonna call it as I see it
and yet he doesn't want to appear tough
at all in in in Russia this would be a
great opportunity for him for a normal
president to go over there and say you
know if as part of my image of like
projecting strength you're never doing
this again to us we'll add a mirror cut
it out
knock it off this would be a huge PR win
for him but he just won't he won't he's
always so in the thrall of Vladimir
Putin always very concerned about how
adamant Putin sees him he talks about
and whether they're friends or whether
they like each other it's a very sort of
simple
kind of kind of sort of place of fear as
opposed to this projection of strength
which is so important to him in every
other way Bobby in terms of NATO in
terms of Europe obviously relations
there have been tested in other times
since Donald Trump became president did
anything this week surprised our allies
in terms of how this went down no I
don't think they were surprised I think
this was a moment of reckoning for them
I think this was a moment for their
allies to recognize you know that
there's been a tendency outside of the
United some in the u.s. to but certainly
outside the US to think about Trump as
it's play acting surely when it comes to
the crunch when it comes to the rubber
meeting the road
surely heat this is all for the cameras
the reality is different behind the
scenes he'll be much more sensible this
is a moment for the European allies to
face up to the fact that with Trump
what-you-see-is-what-you-get there is no
second Trump this is this is exactly who
he is and he is 100% authentic however
you feel about it so this was a moment I
think for for European leaders for NATO
allies to recognize the guy is who he
says he is and even behind closed doors
that's how he's going to be all right
Bobby Ghosh Beth Phooey thank you both
for joining us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
