tonight panel Charlie Savage Washington
correspondent or the New York Times and
an MSNBC contributor Maria Teresa Kumar
president of voto Latino and also an
MSNBC contributor George Will syndicated
columnist and an MSNBC contributor
someday I plan on seeing a lot over the
next five days as we celebrate the major
league all-star game coming to
Washington welcome guys George well I
want to start with the White House's
reaction to today because Mike and I
both remembered Watergate and there's a
great line when when when Bob Woodward
the character what Robert Redford is
asking and he's talking about he goes
you know I did you call the White House
as editor asked him he says well you
know I didn't done a ton he said and the
White House said you know mr. Colson or
anyone else at the White House had any
knowledge have participated in the
plural incident Democratic National
Committee and his editor says well
what'd you expect him because I didn't
ask about that that's what this White
House response reminded me I also the
devil is and the adjectives in the
statement the White House released they
said no one had any no angel involvement
no I don't know why they hit something
need to put that in there but it's fair
to make an entry I just don't get why
the first act with the first response
isn't oh my god well because the
president thinks it is axiomatic that
good relations meaning smooth and
amicable relations with Russia are a
good thing and that's not obviously true
the Edward Snowden when Russia gave
Edward Snowden asylum Maria it was
within days I think that President Obama
cancelled a planned summit so it there
is actually precedent for that I mean
well the the fact that if for any
foreign government to interfere into our
election system or even attempt to and
for a White House regardless of party
not to be basically saying the house is
on fire and this is not acceptable is
shocking the fact that the Republican
leadership is not basically calling foul
is also shocking and the fact that it's
only right now Democrats it's concerning
what is happening right now to our life
is system the integrity of our election
system that is what encourages people to
participate our democracy is so strong
as long as the American people believe
that when they cast a vote it's going to
be counted and no one's going to mess
with it and that is a huge challenge I
kiss Charlie the the thing that I'm
stuck on is there's actually a political
case to be made that it's actually in
the president's best interest not to do
this summit that pepper for appearances
sake
going through it that looks like you're
winking and nodding showing some outrage
and you know that you're upset and you
sort of get rid of the spotlight it
embarrasses him internationally that
would be it would be a way of punishing
him that would be the stuff that would
be premise taun accepting this
indictment is true on the findings in it
as real as this is not a witch-hunt or
if it's a witch-hunt that really are
witches out there I think Trump and the
Trump Republican establishment that is
United around him that we saw on display
and in those House hearings yesterday as
well and in much of the conservative
legal I saw a media world is at this
point locked in in a way that it cannot
pull out of from the narrative that this
there's nothing to this the whole thing
is a false rigged witch hunt dreamed up
by partisans and you know every American
should pay no attention to this so we're
Trump to say oh this is terrible now I'm
outraged so I'm going to cancel with
Putin he would be discrediting his last
year of strategy and his strategy
instead is just to keep doubling down
and tripling down so the Director of
National Intelligence Stan Coates gave a
speech today where he was asked what
would he say to Putin at this summit how
would he deal with this
he gave an answer take a listen my
message would be we know what you're
doing
and we know you know what you're doing
and what we are doing we know you run
the shop we know you're making the
decisions you can't pass it off to oh
that's some hacker down somewhere where
we don't know we know what you do and so
you make the choice but if you want to
stay in this tit-for-tat we're gonna
beat you well and I think that what he's
saying is also saying that there's going
to be consequences the idea that not
only is the president going and going to
meet with Putin without leveld
consequences that is an issue but when
you start digging at the tentacles that
Russia has it looks like they've also
interfered and brexit it looks like they
may have also interfered move more
recently in the Mexican election this is
widespread and we need to American
leadership to step up and saying not on
our watch that you will feel the blow of
the American people if something happens
this is not any president Trump's DNA
but why aren't more Republican selling
just get out of this meeting just get
out are you some Bolton like the John
Bolton we know from five years ago would
tell him to get out right the John
Bolton we knew from five years ago is
gone talked about Republican leadership
there's one Republican leader and the
rest are followers and they're all
following the president period there's
no independent congressional at all
rival was institution at all you know is
interesting today was written rod
Rosenstein and I felt like I'll tell you
how I heard it and when it's called for
bipartisanship it was essentially to me
hinting at there's a bigger shoe that's
gonna drop and it's gonna be rough and
we're gonna need true leadership to deal
with it let first of all just listen to
what he said I want to caution you the
people who speculate about federal
investigations usually do not know all
of the relevant facts we do not try
cases on television or in congressional
hearings just today the president
described the long investigation has a
witch-hunt
I only comment on the evidence that the
evidence that reflects is reflected in
our indictments and in our charges
represents a determination by
prosecutors and agents without regard to
politics that we believe the evidence is
sufficient to justify of the charges my
apologies that was a lengthier clip let
me read the quote in particular that he
also added it's important for us to
avoid thinking politically as
Republicans or Democrats and instead to
think patriotically as Americans our
response must not depend on which side
was victimized he's trying to hurt right
well go back to what mr. Cote said mr.
Coates was saying in effect in coded
language but not deeply coded that this
is a form of warfare and deterrence
mutual assured destruction if you will
obtains and he was speaking for a nation
ours that has used cyber warfare before
as the Iranians can attest
yes sucks no we opened up this box when
when you have cyber capacities
due to a country what it used to take
fleets of World War two bombers to do
that is to actually destroy physical
infrastructure that was a pretty strong
statement by the director of
intelligence who is not however the man
who has is authorized to unleash this
weapon Charlie I mean I think part of
the problem is and what you would and I
think the two gentlemen that I'm gonna
have on the show later former CIA
director John Brennan and the former
attorney General Eric Holder well both
would say the problem is it isn't
mutually assured we're actually more
more vulnerable on cyber than Russia as
well certainly what you're talking about
kinetic destruction of material using
cyberattacks which is the reference to
our use of a cyber attack to destroy
Iranians centrifuges and their nuclear
plant at Natanz but there's a second
kind of cyber warfare which is
information warfare which is actually
what would be the tit-for-tat here in
terms of leaking hacking and leaking
materials that disrupted the election
remember that we didn't pay that much
attention to it here in the United
States but there was a massive hack of
financial documents known as the Panama
papers which revealed a lot of hidden
wealth including of a lot of Putin
linked oligarchs and we think that Putin
blames us for that we don't know who
that hack was you know why he blames us
because there was no Americans there was
like what four Americans total
referenced in the Panama papers and it
conveniently didn't have any other
Americans I understand why bother more
Putin thinks it was you know so there
may already be some tax for the tip that
we're seeing here this is not something
that just began with 2016 but that may
be more what dan coates is hinting at
than making something blow up in Russia
so what happens what are the
consequences in at this point if you
look at the NATO's worst kate worst
fears were realized he came in and
disrupted the meeting Teresa mais worst
fears were realized he came in and
essentially attempted to I think push
her out and then realized oh nobody
wants to be Prime Minister right now
that's that's called interfering in
another person it's like do we assume
the worst-case scenario here that peeps
some people fear with Trump and Putin in
that Crimea is he's gonna the trumps
gonna show openness on Crimea say hey
serious yours your mess I don't want a
part of it well if you did that
that would have serious consequences on
the sanctions against Russia which were
put in the people ISM for Crimea but
we've already seen the president
returned from the summit in Singapore
with the North Korean maker and say well
the problems gone
the Chinese instantly said fine then the
sanctions can be relaxed so there is
precedent for that too I think what he's
trying to do is basically put us back
into the last century where every
country was basically acting alone he
feels that America prowess will be
stronger by itself so that we can
individually negotiate with Russia and
China it's a different world that we're
living in and that we have to remember
that we actually helped craft NATO we
crafted international alliances so that
we can leverage the globalization and
actually have a lot of meat when we go
into when we go into negation
negotiation rooms well it's not just
alliances for the purpose of having a
lot of allies at your side part of the
world in Africa mantling is the world of
the International rule of law and
constraint that binds the hands of the
great powers including the United States
but that the United States generation
after World War two saw as ultimately
strengthening the United States and in
its own interest that the great powers
would respect constraints in that and I
think that Trump sees the world very
differently I think he respects strength
and does not like constraint in many
different respects he's not a small
government guy he's a strong government
guy that's for sure all right hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
