the indictment charges 12 Russian
military officers by name for conspiring
to interfere with the 2016 presidential
election eleven of the defendants are
charged with conspiring to hack into
computers steal documents and release
those documents with the intent to
interfere in the election one of those
defendants and a 12th Russian military
officer are charged with conspiring to
infiltrate computers of organizations
involved in administering elections
including state boards of election
secretaries of state and companies that
supply software used to administer
elections according to the allegations
in the indictment the defendants worked
for two units of the main intelligence
Directorate of the Russian general staff
known as the GRU
the unit's engaged in active cyber
operations to interfere in the 2016
presidential election there was one unit
that engaged in active cyber operations
by stealing information and a different
unit that was responsible for
disseminating the stolen information the
defendants used two techniques to steal
information first they use a scheme
known as spearfishing which involves
sending misleading email messages and
tricking the users into disclosing their
passwords and security information
second the defendants hacked into
computer networks and installed
malicious software that allowed them to
spy on users and capture keystrokes take
screenshots and exfiltrate or remove
data from those computers the defendants
accessed email accounts of volunteers
and employees of a u.s. presidential
campaign including the campaign chairman
starting in March of 2016
they also hacked into the computer
networks of a congressional campaign
committee and a national political
committee the defendants covertly
monitored the computers and planted
hundreds of files contained
malicious computer code and stole emails
and other documents the conspirators
created fictitious online personas
including DC leaks and gusoff ur 2.0 and
they used those personas to release
information including thousands of
stolen emails and other documents
beginning in June of 2016 the defendants
falsely claimed the DC leaks was a group
of American hackers and that gusoff irk
2.0 was a lone Romanian hacker in fact
both were created and controlled by the
Russian GRU in addition to releasing
documents directly to the public the
defendants transferred stolen documents
to another organization that is not
identified by name in the indictment and
they used that organization as a pass
through to release the documents they
discussed the timing of the release in
an attempt to enhance the impact on the
election
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
