if it was surreal to watch the struck
hearing imagine sitting at the center of
it congressman Eric's wall well was
there mister struck in a moment we will
continue with the hearing but based on
your refusal to answer the question at
the conclusion of the day we will be
resetting the hearing and you will be
subject to recall to allow the committee
to consider proceeding with a contempt
citation a point of order mr. chairman
will the committee also consider
contempt for mr. bannon who refused to
answer mr. gaudi's questions when he was
actually under subpoena that is not a
proper point of order in this
parliamentary inquiry sir doubted your
parliamentary inquiry that was
controlled by the gentleman from our
lumetri inquiry a parliamentary inquiry
is not an order in South Carolina yeah
there were so many times the California
Democrat joins us now Eric where it felt
like Republicans were asking him
questions but then when he started
giving answers he didn't like they would
cut him off to try and stop those
answers from being on the record because
it wasn't going exactly the way they
wanted to
what is your take as to what exactly
happened yesterday
good morning mica the Republicans did
not show up yesterday to hear the
answers they wanted to use the questions
to undermine Bob Muller's investigation
and I asked for mr. Bannon to be
subpoenaed because he was under subpoena
when he testified before the House
Intelligence Committee a number of
members including mr. Gowdy asked him
questions about his involvement with the
Russians during the campaign in the
administration he refused to answer but
he was never brought in for contempt
proceedings as was threatened of mr.
struck and so I wanted to make sure that
the public saw the deep deep
inconsistency which I think really
illustrates that this is all an effort
to protect the president and nothing
more than that when our ballot box and
our democracy needs more protecting than
ever
David Ignatius yeah congressman I wanted
to ask you what you would say to
remember the public who was watching us
whose conclusion was this is all just
politics now I don't know about Peter
struck but it's just a circus there is
that feeling of the country and a lot of
people fear that that's gonna undermine
Muller's investigation and get swallowed
up in this political environment how do
you think that can be prevented yeah
well I would also say it was the wrong
hearing and the wrong priorities
children are still separated at the
border this is actually the committee
that has jurisdiction to do something
about it and they did nothing for those
children yesterday but David I would
also say you know for future kids who
read about history in the classroom I
hope they saw yesterday that my
Democratic colleagues showed up and they
fought for the rule of law is we see it
under attack every single day we were
not going to allow the Republicans to
break the safe of the FBI evidence
Locker to try and pull out evidence to
turn it over to a subject in the
investigation the president the United
States that we stood firmly against it
and I don't think the Republicans
accomplished what they sought to
accomplish yesterday but also taking one
step back here when you put this in the
greater perspective President Trump has
attacked James Comey and Peter stroked
repeatedly throughout this investigation
but those two have put their right hands
up have gone under oath to talk about
their involvement in the Russian
investigation that distinguishes them
from him so let's see if he's willing to
do the same and talk with Bob Moeller
congressman is Heidi how are you doing
Heidi we also learned about the context
of these texts that were sent for
instance the Republicans came back again
and again to this text we will stop it
and he was allowed to give some context
on that and said look this came after a
series of events including Trump
denigrating the parents of a fallen war
hero what did you make of his
opportunity there to kind of put some of
these texts in context
well first honey I don't like that he
was talking that way because we want FBI
agents to be you know sort of above the
politics and not even have the
perception of impropriety but there was
no evidence and I sought to demonstrate
that there were other agents working on
this case independent of mr. struck so
he was not
sole decision maker to close the clinton
investigation he was not the sole
decision maker to open the trump
investigation and when I was a
prosecutor and you had questionable
conduct by a police officer you would
seek to rehabilitate their testimony by
showing all of the evidence around them
that existed he was a pebble and a
mountain of evidence that was concerning
about Donald Trump in his contacts with
Russia all right congressman Eric Salt
swell well thank you so much I want to
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
