and thanks you at home for joining us
this hour all right it started just
after 10:00 this morning it only just
wrapped up this past hour I told you
last night this was going to be an
all-day spectacle but honestly even I
had no idea it was going to be this much
of an all-day spectacle so all right the
man of the day it's Peter struck Peter
struck until recently he was the head of
the counterintelligence division at the
FBI which means he was literally the
person in the US government in charge of
countering foreign countries
intelligence operations in the United
States like say let's say for example if
the Russians or someone mounted a
massive active measures effort to swing
our presidential election and buy
themselves a pet US president in the
process Peter struck would lead the
counterintelligence division of the FBI
in the efforts within our government to
find that out to investigate it and to
stop it part of the fallout of the
Russia investigation and the Republican
backlash against that investigation is
that Peter Struck's career has been
dismantled and the president and
Republicans who support the president
have held Peter struck up for public
scorn as a terrible person that is one
of the ways that Peter struck will go
down in history when all this is said
and done America big picture right
America was hit by a massive Russian
intelligence operation that infected our
democracy right that was designed to
sway an election the way Russia wanted
it swayed and to hurt our country in the
process the political party that
benefited from that attack responded to
that attack in part by destroying and
removing the top official in the US
government in charge of fighting Russian
intelligence operations on our soil so
that's one of the ways Peter struck will
go down in history
another is the remarkable fact that
while the FBI was mounting this major
counterintelligence investigation into a
presidential campaign and the question
of whether that campaign was in cahoots
with a
stole foreign government in its
intelligence operation that was designed
to sway the election while that was
happening that FBI investigation was
never leaked to the public ever that too
will go down in history right the
existence of the counterintelligence
investigation into what Russia was doing
and whether or not the Trump campaign
was in on it that investigation was only
publicly confirmed by FBI director James
Comey in March 2017 two full months
after Donald Trump had been sworn in as
president the FBI kept that information
secret for the entire campaign and then
refused to confirm it until months into
the Trump presidency despite media
reports starting to get wind that maybe
something that was going on right
the FBI didn't tell anybody about it
before the election they didn't confirm
it publicly until months after Trump was
sworn in they kept it completely mum
because it was an ongoing investigation
right that is a remarkable thing about
that investigation on which Peter struck
was the senior counterintelligence agent
it's also one of the very first points
that Peter struck made today when it was
his turn in front of the microphone in
the summer of 2016 I was one of a
handful of people who knew the details
of Russian an elec Russian election
interference and it's possible
connections with members of the Trump
campaign this information had the
potential to derail and quite possibly
defeat mr. Trump but the thought of
expressing that or exposing that
information never crossed my mind the
Republican case against Peter struck
them defining him as enemy number one
right the way they have made him subject
to public pillory right is by claiming
that his work on the Russian
investigation was motivated purely by
his partisan wish to hurt the
presidential campaign of Donald Trump if
that's the case then honestly why didn't
he why didn't he or anybody else at the
FBI tell the public at any point before
the election that Donald Trump's
campaign was in fact the subject of a
very serious counterintelligence
investigation if the whole thing was
motivated by bias to try to make sure
Trump didn't get elected
then why didn't they tell the American
public that Trump shouldn't be elected
Matt this is awkward right sound a
tional II awkward thing and that's how
the day started but then Peter struck
went on to make the whole day quite
awkward for Republicans today I mean
Republicans have been salivating over
the prospects for this hearing the name
Peter struck has filled Republicans with
Glee for months they have gone after him
especially in the conservative media
they were super excited today to berate
Peter struck over his personal texts
that he sent during the campaign to an
FBI lawyer he was involved with a woman
named Lisa Paige the problem is it is a
lot easier to beat up a guy who isn't
sitting right there fully alive more
than able to explain exactly what he
meant if I if I may what is important is
that these texts represent personal
beliefs just like those that you'd find
on my personal phone what these texts do
not represent is any act any suggestion
of an act any any consideration that we
need to do this or not do this and
furthermore I would encourage you is I
believe I forget who I said this to
earlier this morning you need to read
these texts in the context of what was
going on at the time so when I make the
comment about Trump having no idea how
to stabilizing his presidency would be
that came on the heels of a speech where
then Canada Trump said he didn't know
whether or not the United States should
honor its commitment to mutual defense
under NATO I appreciated that thank you
very much that's not briefly mr.
chairman in light male witness in light
of these an actual everyone will suspend
I told the gentleman could answer
bravely he has answered briefly it is
not finished answering we will now turn
to the gentlewoman from Washington DC
for her questions oh you want to ask me
about what I meant there when I said the
Trump presidency might be destabilizing
that was about NATO on the night before
Trump officially accepted the Republican
nomination the the day before the then
candidate had publicly questioned
America's commitment to defending our
allies in NATO in an interview with the
New York Times
this is a real thing that happened that
Peter struck responded to as an American
quoting from that New York Times article
quote asked about Russia's threatening
activities which have unnerved the small
Baltic states that are among the more
recent entrance into NATO mr. Trump said
that if Russia attacked them he would
decide whether to come to their aid only
after reviewing if those nations have
fulfilled their obligations to us it's
The Times wrote quote mr. Trump's
statement appeared to be the first time
a major candidate for president had
suggested conditioning the United States
defense of its major allies all right
and that's it's very familiar right and
that is the same dynamic we saw today
this very morning where the president
threatened that if fellow members of
NATO didn't commit to raise defense
spending he would quote do his own thing
we will have more on that coming up so
not only was Peter struck responding to
a real thing in the world where the idea
of Trump having a destabilizing
presidency might be a reasonable
observation right it's also something
that in this moment in this day in our
lives we're living through the
manifestation of that now that he is
president that's why darrell Issa really
didn't want to talk about that
okay okay NATO we're not going to talk
about that let's move on at another
point in today's hearing under hostile
questioning from Oversight Committee
Chairman trey Gowdy Peter struck did get
to explain in the context of an August
8th text message from 2016 one of the
ones that Republicans really really love
quoting in the exchange lisa paige had
written to Peter struck quote Trump's
not ever going to become president right
to which Peter struck respondent no no
he's not we'll stop it today given the
chance to actually explain the context
of that text and what he meant Peter
struck did so on TV out loud and it was
not what Republicans wanted also check
out the response in the room when he
finishes up here I think it's important
when you look at those texts that you
understand the context in which they are
made and the things that were going on
across America in terms of the text that
we will stop it you need to understand
that
that was written late at night
off-the-cuff and it was in response to a
series of events that included
then-candidate Trump insulting the
immigrant family of a fallen war hero
and my presumption based on that
horrible disgusting behavior that the
American population would not elect
somebody demonstrating that behavior to
be present in the United States it was
in no way unequivocally any suggestion
that me the FBI would take any action
whatsoever to improperly impact the
electoral process for any candidate so I
take great offense and I take great
disagreement to your assertion of what
that was or wasn't as to the hundred
million to one that was clearly a
statement made in jest and using
hyperbole
I of course recognized that millions of
Americans were likely to vote for
candidate Trump I acknowledge that is
absolutely their right that is what
makes our democracy such a vibrant
process that it is but to suggest
somehow that we can parse down the words
of shorthand textual conversations like
there's some contract for a car is
simply not consistent with my or most
people's use of text messaging I can
assure you mr. chairman at no time in
any of these texts did those personal
beliefs ever enter into the realm of any
action I took furthermore this isn't
just me sitting here telling you you
don't have to take my word for it at
every step at every investigative
decision there are multiple layers of
people above me the assistant director
executive assistant director deputy
director and director of the FBI and
multiple layers of people below me
section Chiefs supervisors unit Chiefs
case agents and analysts all of whom
were involved in all of these decisions
they would not tolerate any improper
behavior in me any more than I would
tolerate it in them that is who we are
as the FBI in the suggestion that I and
some dark chamber somewhere in the FBI
would somehow cast aside all of these
procedures all of these safeguards and
somehow be able to do this is astounding
to me it simply couldn't happen and the
proposition that that is going on that
it might occur anywhere in the FBI
deeply corrodes what the FBI is an
American society
effectiveness of their mission and it is
deeply destructive big update you
can see from the reaction from the
Democrats in the room there how that
landed this is not what Republicans were
expecting or hoping for from their data
put Peter struck in the hot seat right
they thought this would be beat the
pinata day turns out the pinata is alive
and it has its own bat here's Republican
congressman trey Gowdy trying again
though again questioning Peter struck
about a text this one was from after
President Trump was elected in and he's
explaining that Peter struck is
explaining that his we will stop him
tweet meant that he thought the American
people would stop him because for
obvious reasons that he spelled out you
wanted him to resign two months into his
presidency sir my sense was in a
personal belief that I was not pleased
with the direction and things that are
being done with the presidency I thought
you trusted the American people I
thought that was what you said in August
of 2016 that the American people would
stop him and then they didn't stop him
and all of a sudden not trusting the
American people anymore sir what I uh
trust the American people what I worry
about is when the government of Russia
puts their fingers on the scale and
causes the will of the memory to be said
they're better than America like how
many I utterly trust the American people
congressman what I worry about is when
the government of Russia
puts their fingers on the scale causes
the will of the American people to be
something other than America electing
our president right mr. gowdy
you agree with that congressman don't
you why we're changing the subject are
okay
we also heard Peter struck explain in
his own words today for the first time
what information he was working with in
those those frantic last few days of the
campaign the start of the investigation
the nature of the information that had
come into the FBI about Russia's actions
and where that information had come from
during your June 2016 excuse me June
2018 interview I noticed some concern in
your voice when recalling the 26
Steen campaign season pacifically
October 2016 and pacifically as it
relates to the state of the Trump Russia
investigation why were you so concerned
about what was happening at that time
well I I think trying to keep this at a
level not talking about open our open
investigations only yes-man so the
predicating information the information
we had which was alleging a Russian
offer of assistance the member of the
trumps Trump campaign was of
extraordinary significance it was
credible it was from a extraordinarily
sensitive and credible source and as we
looked at what that represented the the
key time was obviously coming into the
election and so for us there was
absolutely a need to one this was a
serious allegation to of extraordinary
gravity and three given the fact that
the election was upon us in that if in
fact then candidate Trump were elected
that whether he are certainly more
likely or possibly members of his
campaign were actively working with the
Russians we needed to get to the bottom
of that it could be that none of them
were it could be that summer it could be
a far worse scale but the urgency for us
to understand what was going on in
advance of the election and certainly in
advance of any inauguration I can't
overstate the importance of that it was
from an extraordinarily credible and
sensitive source the information we had
the predicating information the
information we had which was alleging an
Russian offer of assistance to a member
of the Trump campaign that was of
extraordinary significance it was
credible it was from an extraordinarily
credible and sensitive source this was a
serious allegation of extraordinary
gravity the urgency for us to understand
what was going on in advance of the
election and certainly in advance of the
inauguration I can't overstate the
importance of that we haven't heard that
kind of detail before about the status
of the Russia investigation and what the
FBI had started investigating we at
least haven't heard that before from the
senior counterintelligence chief who was
leading it at the time another thing we
learned came during some questioning by
the top Democrat on the committee
congressman Jerry Nadler tried to get
Peter struck to explain why he had
prioritized
the russia investigation over the
Clinton email investigation in the last
month of the 2016 campaign that's of
course one of the big criticisms
Republicans have leveled at Peter struck
right is the idea that he was somehow
acting unfairly or in a biased way when
he prioritized the Russia investigation
over the Clinton email investigation in
the final month of a campaign when new
emails were discovered on the laptop of
Anthony Weiner the husband of Hillary
Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin Peter
Struck's lawyer we sort of knew that
there was going to be something coming
on this because Peter Struck's lawyer
had already taken a swing at this ahead
of today's hearing
he had already put out a public
statement ahead of the hearing today
essentially saying yeah of course he
prioritized the Russia investigation
anybody would quote not every FBI
investigation is of equal importance to
u.s. national security
there's simply no equivalence between an
investigation into the possible
mishandling of classified information a
relatively commonplace occurrence in the
FBI's Washington field office and
credible evidence suggesting that the
presidential campaign of a major party
candidate was actively colluding with a
hostile foreign power in a way that
could undermine the integrity of an
American presidential election quote to
require senior national security
officials to prepare efest fealty to
this false equivalence is both
short-sighted and dangerous so that had
been Peter Struck's line on this
question through his lawyer before
today's hearing when he finally got to
sit down in front of the microphone
today at the committee hearing today he
was able to give his own account in his
own words of why he did that which
included some completely new information
that had never been revealed before the
first reason I did is because the
director told me to the director said it
was a top priority which is relayed from
him an ad pre step and the second thing
was yes clearly when you look at an
allocation of resources based on the
threat to national security the Russian
influence investigations were a much
greater impact than a mishandling of
classified information investigation
thank you and the first feature is to
direct you told you - yes sir director
told you - that is something new that we
learned today
then FBI director James Comey ordered
Peter struck to focus on to prioritize
the Russia investigation ahead of the
Clinton email investigation at that
point because of the far
braver and more urgent threat it posed
at that point we did not necessarily
expect to get that kind of information
today but hey when you spend 10 hours
questioning the country's senior
counterintelligence official looking
into Russian matters you're going to
learn some things you might not expect
Republicans have been waiting for this
day they've been so excited for their
opportunity to dig their teeth into
Peter struck and make him even more of
an enemy they knew and they hoped that
it would result in all kinds of
headlines except what we saw today from
allies of the president didn't
necessarily produce the kind of
headlines they were after it was sort of
clear heading into this today that they
might have bitten off more than they
could chew with Peter struck 10 hours in
front of this committee today where they
didn't lay a finger on him proves that
more than true top Democrat from today's
hearing joins us next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
