well if you did not have contempt for
this Congress before today's chaotic
dramatic comic oh and the important
hearing in the House of Representatives
then you might be feeling just a little
bit of contempt tonight let me start by
saying this is a stupid ridiculous
hearing Republicans in the House of
Representatives today once again tried
and failed to prove that the connections
of the Trump campaign to Russia should
never have been investigated by the FBI
because one of the FBI agents involved
in that investigation agreed with the
majority of American voters at the time
that candidate Donald Trump should not
be elected president FBI agent Peter
struck was the only witness in today's
spectacle in the House of
Representatives because he said private
text messages expressing his opposition
to candidate Trump during the campaign
because this was a House of
Representatives hearing most of it was
irrelevant that is not unusual in house
hearings but much of the hearing was
histrionic and out-of-control and
incoherent to a degree that we have
never seen before
agents trucks defense of his fairness
and objectivity in his work as an FBI
agent was this I can assure you mr.
chairman at no time in any of these
texts did those personal beliefs ever
enter into the realm of any action I
took furthermore this isn't just me
sitting here telling you you don't have
to take my word for it at every step at
every investigative decision there are
multiple layers of people above me
the assistant director executive
assistant director deputy director and
director of the FBI and multiple layers
of people below me section Chiefs
supervisors unit Chiefs case agents and
analysts all of whom were involved in
all of these decisions they would not
tolerate any improper behavior in me any
more than I would tolerate it in them
that is who we are as the FBI in the
suggestion that I and some dark chamber
somewhere in the FBI would somehow cast
aside all of these procedures all of
these safeguards and
somehow be able to do this is astounding
to me it simply couldn't happen and the
proposition that that is going on that
it might occur anywhere in the FBI
deeply corrodes what the FBI is an
American society the effectiveness of
their mission and it is deeply
destructive the Republicans never
penetrated that defense every word of
that defense held up for the full nine
hours and 41 minutes of that hearing the
Republicans have never been able to
identify a single action taken by agent
struck because of agents trucks
political opinions expressed in those
texts or because of anyone else's
political opinions Republicans in the
house seem to believe that the best
lawyer
among them is former prosecutor trey
Gowdy and so they gave trey gowdy extra
questioning time today but that just
meant the trey Gowdy ended up causing
more minutes of chaos than anyone else
so your testimony his time is expired
mr. chairman your ties 2 and 1/2 min
weeks I'm second for what agent Scott
and Pete for what the gentleman from
Louisiana is worth the witness not going
to be permitted to answer the question
that's how I read it you are assuming
were you under duress asked and answered
over and over again you don't want it to
be you at least answer sessions we have
been we have indulged this harassment 9
minutes the Republicans reached many new
heights of absurdity including
threatening the witness with contempt of
Congress when he testified that there
were questions he could not answer
because the FBI's lawyers had ordered
him as an FBI employee to not answer
those questions that brought a challenge
from Democrat Eric's wawel who pointed
out that these same Republican members
of Congress allowed Steve Benin not to
answer any question that he chose not to
answer when they questioned him mr.
Chairman I moved to subpoena Steve
Bannon in our House Intelligence
investigation he was under subpoena
refused a number of times to answer
questions of mr. Gowdy mr. Gowdy appears
to have a sincere interest in getting to
the bottom of what happened and so I
move under Rule 11 to bring mr. Bannon
to this committee so I move now for
consideration for mr. Bannon to be
subpoenaed and if he refuses for
contempt proceedings to occur eric's
Wawa will lead off our discussion in a
moment after that the Republicans spent
the rest of the day trying and failing
to cast doubt on the honesty of agents
trucks under oath testimony ultimately
Texas Republican Louie Gohmert just
couldn't take it anymore and so he
decided to do something that is actually
not permitted in house hearings he
repeatedly called the under oath witness
a liar and then went in for the kill in
a very personal way you've embarrassed
yourself and I can't help but wonder
when I see you looking there with a
little smirk so how many times did you
look so innocent into your wife's eyes
and lied to her about mr. chairman it's
outrageous
needless to say Louie Gohmert has never
said that Donald Trump's multiple
extramarital affairs during his multiple
marriages have given congressman Gohmert
any reason to ever doubt a single word
that Donald Trump has ever said leading
off our discussion now as Democratic
congressman eric swallow from california
is a member of the judiciary and the
intelligence committees in the house and
Carson swallow
really appreciate you being here today
we all know how long your work day has
been already what would you say are the
most important points established in
this hearing today
good evening Lawrence of course first
would be wrong hearing wrong priorities
we should be doing all we can as the
committee of jurisdiction to reunite
these kids who are separated and wrong
priorities if they are gonna have mr.
struck come in because he knew a lot
about why the Russia investigation was
launched he was concerned about contacts
that the campaign was having with the
Russians and they wanted to just focus
on going back in time to Hillary
Clinton's emails and undermining the
Moller investigation but I pointed out
in my questioning one that mr. struck
was not the
only individual to close the clinton
investigation there were a lot of people
involved in that decision and he was not
the only individual to open the Trump
Russia investigation so we were able to
corroborate that there was a lot of
other evidence out there so even if you
didn't like his text messages and I
don't that is irrelevant to the mountain
of evidence that existed that would
warrant any FBI agent to be concerned
about Donald Trump in his contacts with
Russia and in the agents trucks
testimony today were there any things it
was there anything in that testimony
where you or anyone else in the
committee learned something that you
didn't already know no no Lauren said
that you know we we did however learn
that the Republicans for them this was
more about protecting Donald Trump
rather than as I said protecting kids
who are separated from their families
high schoolers who want us to do
something about gun violence farmers who
want this committee to do something
about the tariffs the president is
imposing but we learned nothing new from
mr. struck we just lost precious hours
where the American people are counting
on us to fight for them and we were just
seen Republicans again seeking to
protect the president above anything
else and did you hear any line of
questioning from Republicans that you
thought was actually somehow helpful and
informative to our understanding of
what's been happening here
no but Lawrence I did hear mr. Gowdy
expressed a real interest in having mr.
struck answer questions about an ongoing
investigation and again this is a
pattern we've seen throughout the last
year which is they want to break the
safe of the FBI evidence Locker and have
evidence come to light so that subjects
of the investigation know what is out
there but when mr. struck refused to
answer now he was all of a sudden going
to be held in contempt which if if
that's the case we want to know what he
has to say that same interest should
have been shown for mr. bannon which is
why I moved to have mr. bannon
subpoenaed and of course that was voted
down but interestingly enough
mr. Gowdy did not vote yes or no on that
he actually abstained from voting when
that was put before him yeah and
there was a request for a clarification
of how he was voting because I've never
seen this in a roll-call vote in the
committee before he used the word pass
when he the votes are yes or no there's
no other response to the vote and he
said pass and so Democrats insisted on a
clarification and that's when he went
silent on the when the roll call was
called again what do you make of that
decision of his to to not vote at all on
that question that you raised well I
think he knows better he wasn't going to
give us a vote there but I think he
wasn't going to really contradict his
position at the House Intelligence
Committee which was that Bannon should
have been subpoenaed so I think his
silence actually spoke volumes that he
knew it was wrong to try and pursue a
contempt proceeding against mr. struck
but not to do that against mr. Bannon
and so many other Trump administration
witnesses who refused to tell us
anything
and by the way Lawrence we have now seen
Peters truck and James Comey come before
Congress they raised the right hands
they went under oath and they told us
what they knew about the Russian
investigation the president continues to
criticize them however what
distinguishes them from him is that the
president is unwilling to raise his
right hand for special counsel so it's
his move we're gonna have be joined in
the discussion now by David from uses
senior editor of the Atlantic he's the
author of Trump accuracy the corruption
of the American Republic David Frum
you've got 9 hours and 41 minutes of
hearing testimony to react to take your
pick look if you're the lawyer for the
Corleone family and your clients are
super super guilty of course it's your
duty to attack the investigators and
define some procedural offense and
that's your right that's your job and
that's their right but it doesn't make
them honest upright waste management
specialists the we are watching today at
the same time on the our other screen
from what happened in Washington we are
watching an attack on NATO an attack on
the US UK alliance Donald Trump trying
to topple friendly governments and in
every way carrying out a Russian foreign
policy agenda and the question every
American has is is he doing this because
he's misinformed because he's impulsive
or is there some darker reason and we
need to get to the bottom
and the Republicans investigating the
FBI are acting like lawyers for the
Corleone family and they are looking at
some genuine some genuine procedural
missteps that took place but what
they're not interested in the question
of what's the truth here how we're going
to defend the country is the president
in some way compromised as we watch this
wrecking ball that is happening in
Europe and the prospect that 75 years of
security arrangements are about to be
destroyed by one man with this giant
question mark hanging over his head
cursus whoa well it seemed to me that
the Republicans especially chairman
Goodlatte were not ready for some of the
parliamentary procedural challenges that
you and your colleagues raised on the
Democratic side as they were trying to
just kind of steamroll the witness and
and demand that the witness answer
questions that FBI lawyers had said he
could not answer threatened the witness
with content charges in that setting was
it your sense that the Republicans were
not actually prepared to handle this
hearing today and that they were
surprised or at how strong agents trucks
responses could be when he was allowed
to deliver them they were wholly
unprepared
laurens when I saw mr. struck two weeks
ago at our closed hearing deposition I
thought oh boy the Republicans this is
gonna really backfire because he's a
pretty bright guy he did he made a
monumental air and judgment in some of
those text messages but he's a bright
guy with a pretty sterling career and I
think you saw that on display today but
this is also the result of what's been
building up over the past year what
we've seen the Chairman use this
committee to just go back in time to
keep revisiting the Hillary Clinton
email investigation in every possible
form and so I think our members you saw
just kind of the release of that
frustration and we came ready to fight
ready to fight for our democracy and the
rule of law and David from the
Republicans on the committee seem to
have a single rule about investigating
Donald Trump you can only be allowed to
investigate Donald Trump if you
enthusiastically wanted Donald Trump to
become president of the United States
yes you can't make any comment the chief
law Donald Trump's of course that
law enforcement officer of the United
States um he has described members of
Central American gangs as animals and
the Central American gangs are certainly
very you know criminal organizations but
if the suggestion is that animus by law
enforcement means that the loss can't be
enforced then I don't know how we're
ever going to put any member of any
Central American gang ever in jail ever
again cars from Derrick swallow and
David from thank you both for starting
off my pleasure thank you very much
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
