President Trump has just given an
interview to the Rupert Murdoch own
British newspaper the Sun in which he
has confessed that the Trump blimp
really works the Trump blimp has really
done its job it has made Donald Trump
feel unwelcome in his interview with the
Sun President Trump said I guess when
they put out blimps to make me feel
unwelcome no reason for me to go to
London I used to love London as a city I
haven't been there in a long time but
when they make you feel unwelcome why
would I stay there it has never occurred
to Donald Trump to wonder why they are
making him feel unwelcome why don't they
like Donald Trump that hasn't seen
doesn't seem to have crossed his mind
one thing the British are not going to
like is the President of the United
States meddling in their national
affairs and in their national politics
and in the interview Donald Trump claims
that he knows how to do the impossible
negotiate a simple brexit deal which
will allow the United Kingdom to leave
the European Union painlessly I would
have done it much differently I actually
told to her soon they had to do it but
she didn't she didn't listen to me what
does he say she didn't listen no I told
her how to do it I that will be up to
her to say but I told her how to do it
she just said she wanted to go a
different route and the president of the
United States endorsed a rival of the
current Prime Minister Theresa May to
take her job as Prime Minister Boris
Johnson is a big brexit cheerleader who
has no idea how to carry out brexit and
so he quit as Theresa Mays foreign
secretary this week I think he's a great
representative the floor for your
country well I'm not pitting one against
the other I'm just saying I think it'd
be a great Prime Minister yeah I think
he's got what it takes and I think he's
got the right attitude to be a great
foreign minister in an editorial about
Boris Johnson's resignation entitled
good riddance Boris Johnson the New York
Times detailed some of the lies that
Boris Johnson told British voters that
convinced them to vote for brexit
without any details of how it would
actually work and President Trump not
only demonstrated a complete ignorance
of how brexit might work in the
interview he told the single craziest
lie he has ever told about the American
economy the GDP since I've taken over
has doubled and tripled Donald Trump
clearly has no idea what GDP is gross
domestic product is the basic dollar
measurement of the size the of a
country's entire economy Donald Trump is
claiming that the size of the American
economy has doubled and tripled in the
first year and a half of his presidency
it takes 20 years for the GDP to double
and 30 years for the GDP to triple
that's if things are going well joining
us now is Brian Clough a fellow in
global politics the London School of
Economics and the co-author of how to
rig an election and Eugene Robinson is
still with us and Brian I want to before
we move on I just want you to hear one
more thing that President Trump said he
doesn't seem to understand why we don't
use the word England anymore when we're
talking about the United Kingdom let's
listen to this as much as you should
I missed a name England if you
understand that I missed the name
England I think England is a beautiful
name and you don't hear it very much
anymore Brian do you want to explain to
the president United States what
happened to England well it's the act of
union several hundred years ago in which
several countries became the United
Kingdom so England still exists it's
just part of the UK you know this entire
interview is either insane insulting or
incendiary it's insane when he talks
about having better poll numbers than
Abe Lincoln's seven decades but before
polling existed it's insulting when he
tat attacks our closest ally when she
her government is already on a cliffs
edge and he's giving her a a bullies
shove towards it and it's incendiary
because the special relationship is now
at risk and this is America's most
powerful and important ally and Trump is
insulting them during the state visit
during the visit that has been long in
the making and it's incredibly in
credibly damaging to American security
interests and it just adds on to the
international security damage that he
did in Brussels in attacking NATO in the
past couple days - Jeanne who else could
insult Theresa May and Abraham Lincoln
in the same interview he said about the
polling he said you know a poll just
came out that I am the most popular
person in the history of the Republican
Party 92% beating Lincoln I beat our
Honest Abe he then went on in that
discussion of the polling to say if they
did an honest poll in the United Kingdom
that he would do very well the honest
poll shows that in the United Kingdom
Donald Trump has an 11 percent approval
rating 11% 67 percent disapproval rating
and Donald Trump living in his own
polling bubble there right hence hence
the blimp I think but you know yeah
Theresa May is not the most sympathetic
figure it really just the you know the
way for game she became Prime Minister
the way she has tried to walk this
unwalkable path on on on brexit so I
don't feel very sorry for it but but I
do feel sorry for her today because you
know she goes to all this trouble she
invites us it's incredibly unpopular man
the president because he's president to
Britain she has to make a big deal of
it's not a state visit but they but you
know takes him out to Blenheim Palace
and and arranges convinces the Queen to
have tea with him which I'm sure she was
delighted to do and and and to go
through all of this and then he just
shoves her in the in the most sort of
vicious way not only by saying that
Boris would be a great Prime Minister
which he certainly would not but also by
saying that with her way of doing brexit
which people don't actually like but her
way of doing brexit there will be no
great US UK bilateral trade deal that
that wouldn't work out that's the only
thing she has going for it that's the
only piece of sort of political capital
that she had to try to negotiate this
thing her way and he just pulled that
rug
pletely out from under her it's just
extraordinary Brian will British
politics be affected by what the
president has to say and our people in
Britain going to believe that Donald
Trump has a secret brexit plan that is
easy and simple and that he's just gonna
keep it a secret and let the British
government struggle and try to figure
out how to do what apparently is
virtually impossible well I think 11% of
people might but you know you have a
situation here where the British
government and the British political
system is going to be roiled by this
completely there is already a challenge
potential challenge to threesome A's
leadership several resignations and
Donald Trump just made that way way
worse for her now to think about this in
context a British woman died last
weekend from a Russian nerve agent
poisoning on British soil after an
attempted assassination attempt right so
at that pivotal moment Donald Trump is
trying to push the British government
off a cliff into complete disarray
it's our closest most most important
allies seventy-four years ago in June we
had d-day where we worked and fought
together with Britain to defeat
dictatorial fascism in Europe and now we
have a US president who is not just
praising adversarial dictators of the
United States but imposing tariffs on
our closest allies and attacking the
government of the United Kingdom it's
just amazing reversal and it's so
counterproductive to American interests
and to the interests of international
security
it is however extremely productive for
the wish list of Vladimir Putin and this
is this is effectively the through-line
of the last several days into Helsinki
is that everything on Putin's wish list
is happening because of Donald Trump
what he's wanted for two decades is
finally coming to fruition and that
should scare people who care about the
idea of the West are our values and also
international security that holds the
West together and keeps us all safe Gene
Robinson imagine if you will Donald
Trump's reaction if Teresa may were to
come to the United States and in
Washington say that she thinks Elizabeth
Warren would make a great president or
she thinks Paul Ryan's
they soon would make a great president
president Trump would think that was
fair comment yeah I know he would go
totally ballistic you know and you know
exactly what his reaction would be and
it's again I haven't seen anything like
that if you week that whole interview I
really sort of recommend people who have
strong stomachs read the whole thing
it's there's a lot else in it including
just some incredible racism he rails
about how you know Europe is overrun
with with these immigrants and you're
losing your culture and your you know
and it's just it's really extraordinary
it's um you know Trump sort of unplugged
and why don't they call Northern Ireland
Scotland Wales in England just plain old
England being anymore Brian Klaus Eugene
Robinson thank you both very much for
joining us tonight really appreciate it
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
