turned it known to most as stormy
Daniels she's out of jail today that is
according to the Ohio police the former
adult film star was released just a few
hours ago after being arrested last
night at an Ohio strip club
vice police officers arrested Clifford
during a performance charging her with
three counts of illegally touching a
patron I want to bring in stormy Daniels
attorney you know him well
Michael avenatti okay stephanie is out
of jail what happened last night she
appeared at the strip club sirens in
Columbus to performing she correct to
perform the same performance that she's
performed across the country make
America horny again I actually don't
think that they still use that name at
every club but whatever it's called it's
called God so she was there for her
performance and unbeknownst to her the
police had set up a sting operation
within the strip club with multiple
officers and during her performance they
asked her if they could place their face
in between her breasts while she was
performing on stage yes and I'm not
going to get into the details on what
happened next the undercover officers
were female which was was not unusual to
her because there's a lot of females
that are going to clubs around the
country to see her and they want to it's
a female or male who's inappropriate in
it if it's inappropriate I mean you know
look here's my view of this okay I think
this is ridiculous
I think it's an absurd use of law
enforcement resources my client was
subsequently taken into custody
they took her on the perp walk so she
could be videotaped getting out of the
paddy wagon
she was bailed out this morning on six
thousand dollars bail
she has an arraignment tomorrow morning
at 9:30 but she is we are entering a not
guilty plea on her behalf today so she
will not make a personal appearance
tomorrow we've canceled the event
scheduled for today and she's likely to
leave the state here within the next
couple hours so you think she was set up
I mean Columbus Ohio this is a city with
more homicides
in New York City that you know the the
police there have a lot of work to do
yet you've got an elaborate sting
operation in your opinion set up so you
could potentially entrap her you know I
I can't speak to this it just seems
absurd to me that this is something that
would require this amount of resources
and would result in the arrest of my
client and I also understand that
there's other performers that have been
arrested in Columbus and then
prosecutors decide ultimately not to
press charges now I will tell you that
we've been in touch with prosecutors
this morning we'd been up all night
dealing with this situation I think
they're going to be reasonable about
this I think they're going to be
diligent and they appear to be
incredibly professional and we thank
them for that now it's a misdemeanor do
you envision it impacting your civil
case with Michael Cohen no not at all
she's she's been charged with three
misdemeanors again you know we think
that that the prosecutor is going to be
reasonable on how they approach this and
they've been incredibly professional to
deal with this morning hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
