Wow welcome back to Morning Joe Steve
Rattner Jon Meacham and David Ignatius
are still with us President Trump is
headed to the UK right now leaving the
NATO summit the same way he started it
with false claims attacks on allies and
a clear sense that he's looking to pull
the United States away from its friends
and toward Vladimir Putin he reportedly
arrived late to an important meeting
with Georgia and Ukraine Georgian
Ukraine the two countries that Vladimir
Putin have invaded in the past decade
much like he did at the g7 in Canada
when the topic was gender equality Joe
tweeted about him showing up late this
morning quote how interesting that Trump
would go out of his way to insult the
two countries Putin invaded over the
past decade so now the u.s. president
performs shameless acts of trolling on
Russ's Russia's behalf just a short
while ago the president claimed that he
pushed NATO members to pony up more
money for mutual defense than they
already agreed upon the French president
then had to refute that denying Trump's
claim that NATO powers agreed to
increase defense spending beyond
previous targets while McCrone fact
check came several minutes after the
president's false statement we fact
checked in real time as the president
lied to the world take a look I think
that NATO was not doing what they were
supposed to be doing a lot of the
countries and we were doing much more
than we should have been doing frankly
we were carrying too much of a burden
that's why we call it vert and sharing I
was using the term a lot today
burden-sharing
we had a fantastic meeting at the end
when it comes to burning up a lot when
it comes to sharing as far as the actual
experiences of make the United States
pays to have to figure that if you want
to talk about military spending
afterward 2% we'll start talking about
going higher but I said ultimately we
should be in years in advance we should
be at 4% I think 4% of the countries
just one clarification from what the
president is saying which is actually
not tonight this is the reality and all
of the countries have committed the 2%
Gates went over for Barack Obama several
years ago since then the spending has
increased we have a great relationship
everybody in that room by the time we
left got along and they agreed to pay
more and they agreed to pay it more
quickly we have many wealthy countries
with us today but we have some that
aren't so wealthy and they did ask me if
they could buy the military equipment
and could I help them out and we will
help them out a little bit we're not
going to finance it for them but we'll
make sure that they're able to get
payments and various other things so
they can buy because the United States
makes by far the best military equipment
in the world the best jets the best
missiles for listeners your confirmed
individual military flow into NATO you
look I do not there are two separate
things there are that question pertained
to the two percent of individual
countries to be paying for their defense
budget can they make and then you have
money that comes into NATO
and we're not talking about that thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
