Koen now sending a new message that he's
not Trump's fixer anymore now in a
moment I'm joined by one of Michael
Cohen's biggest adversaries lawyer
Michael avenatti but first a little
background it's Clinton loyalist Lanny
Davis who now says if Cohen could do
things over again
he might rethink all his work for Trump
his answer was I made good-faith
judgments hindsight is 20/20 and he's
also said I want to hit the reset button
so there's a lot implied there that he's
not speaking expressly but I think you
can sum it up by saying this is a new
Michael Cohen but a new attitude about
speaking his mind and that may be but
the new Michael Cohen still faces the
old Michael Cohen's federal probe which
is evident and how Lanny Davis is now
being quite friendly on his behalf with
the feds no question that Bob Muller is
a silent submarine no leaks focused on
the facts this man mr. Muller is widely
respected for his integrity and nothing
Rudy Giuliani says is going to affect
his search for the facts as mentioned
Michael avenatti is my guest on the beat
now you have said Lanny Davis who
represents your adversary in the civil
case Michael Cohen is being phony what
do you mean well here's what I mean by
that Ari I mean Lana Lana is a very good
attorney there's no question about that
he's been a very good attorney for a
number of years you know it appears that
we finally have an adult in the room
which is refreshing but look let me say
this here is my take on what's going on
okay you've seen a progression over the
last couple months and here's been the
progression Michael Cohen through
various means has sent a message to
Donald Trump you know I may not be in
the tenth well that's gonna get the
reaction that he wanted from the
president so then he went the next step
you know I might actually do this
meaning flip on him mm-hmm
well that didn't get the reaction so now
he's hired Lanny Davis about a week ago
or so that didn't get the immediate
reaction he went on George
Stephanopoulos that didn't get the
immediate
action so there's been an escalation
here and so when I say that Lanny's
being phony look if Michael Cohen wanted
to do the right thing and come clean and
be the patriot and waved the flag and do
all the other stuff that they're saying
that that he is that he's got a new
lease on life then he'd just do it
they'd stop telegraphing it okay they're
telegraphing it not to you or me or to
the American public but to Donald Trump
and I mean how many more times are they
gonna Telegraph it until the American
public is going to say this a bunch of
nonsense the guy needs to either do the
right thing or not well there are
experts including some who come on this
show and said the Lanny Davis higher
shows they're going further because you
got a Clinton loyalist you're getting
ready for that public war you're saying
not necessarily you're saying the your
view of Cohen someone that you know
about is that he would still back off
all of this if he got the right
assurances from President Trump I think
that's a hundred percent correct I think
that if Michael Cohen could wave a wand
right now and be welcomed back with open
arms by the president be brought back
into the tent could get some help paying
his legal fees that I absolutely think
that that is the direction that he would
go and I think ultimately he's not going
to have that option and ultimately he's
going to do what I told you he was gonna
do back in April before the raids I
think it was on this show the first time
I mentioned that they were putting a lot
of faith in Michael Cohen and I
predicted that ultimately he would flip
on the president and I think ultimately
that's what's gonna happen do you think
there are any clues as to whether
Michael Cohen could face arrest
imminently I think time is certainly
running out I don't think you're going
to this is going to be delayed well into
the fall I think there's a lot of
different factors I know there's a lot
of different factors at play right now
so I don't know that it's gonna be
tomorrow or the next day or even next
week but I think time is running out on
my Cohen you're saying Michael Cohen in
your view is likely to be arrested by
the end of the summer yes do you think
he knows that yes do you think he knows
on what charges because there's more
than one Avenue based on what we've seen
they're investigating I think he has
some idea what those charges may be I
don't think he knows definitively but I
think he has some idea and I think he's
coming to the conclusion that a lot of
defendants in this situation come to
sooner rather than later which is he's
in a lot of trouble and he needs to be
looking towards his you know at his
family and whether he wants to go serve
decades in a federal penitentiary
there's an old saying in the law enough
about Michael let's talk about Michael
and so enough about Michael Cohen let's
talk about Michael avenatti the New York
Times with quite a lengthy treatment of
you in the magazine and there's a
scholar there who says quote we have
avenatti because the left so desperately
desires an anti-trump a person who can
elicit the same dopamine reaction and
his supporters that Trump can from his I
could tell you there are viewers of the
beat that see you as a more important
adversary Donald Trump than most
Democrats in Congress or even the talk
about wanting you to run for office this
profile this attention that you clearly
are putting up with if not courting what
does this say about your potential
political future well all right let me
just say this if you're gonna go climb a
mountain that you've never climbed
before or a mountain that's really
important for you to summit do you want
a guy do you want a guide that says to
you you know I don't know if we're gonna
be able to get up to face that mountain
or do you want a guy who looks you in
the eye and says let's go we're gonna go
climb this mountain arguing by analogy
something that lawyers do I take it that
you're that guy doing this and now as
well here's what I'll say if I was going
to take somebody up a side of a mountain
I'd make sure we summit it I don't know
if there are mountains in London but I'm
told that's where you're headed why are
you going to London and does it relate
to your civil case or your larger
project with the resistance well I have
another client that I was going to
London for just by happenstance and I
discovered that I was gonna be there at
the same time the president was going to
be there and so you know I thought I
would make it a very efficient trip and
so I'm gonna be in London for a few days
and I'm looking forward to seeing that
balloon well their massive protest and
as you mentioned a Trump baby blimp that
we've covered on the show based on your
knowledge of Donald Trump do you think
this blimp is likely to upset him on his
trip aye I do because I think I think he
is a baby I think he's a child in many
ways a petulant child and I
don't think he has thick skin and I'm
also going to be participating in a
women's march on Friday that's being
organized that I think is going to be a
fabulous event and incredibly successful
Michael avenatti as always good to have
you on the beat thank you hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
