before I bring in Aaron and Annie to the
conversation here I want to talk with
you a little bit more about this
specific pipeline let's explain what it
is it's 11 billion dollars 745 miles and
it's owned by Gazprom of course the
Russian gas giant it will basically
double the amount of natural gas Moscow
is able to directly export to Germany so
on the one hand you've got Gazprom
saying the pipeline provides a highly
reliable supply of Russian gas to Europe
but on the other this is something
that's been opposed by the US by some
European countries who worried that the
pipeline would give Moscow more leverage
over Western Europe you have this
conservative think tank the Atlantic
Council saying the pipeline undermines
Europe's energy security strategy giving
Russia a 40% share of the EU natural gas
market so two questions to you General
Clark number one are the president's
concerns on this valid and number two
even if they are you think this is the
right setting for this conversation well
I think it's true that Germany needed a
better energy policy ever since they got
rid of their nuclear reactors they've
been more and more heavily reliant on
Russian gas this is not good the United
States has natural gas we could export
it to Germany if we're given the
opportunity to do this so that may be
one of the reasons why President Trump
has brought this up but yes I do think
it's of concern when Germany is that
dependent on Russian gas but you have to
remember that that means that that the
Russians are dependent on German
revenues from the natural gas and so
there's a dependency there we're not
trying to restart the Cold War what we
want is a strong cohesive alliance where
members with different domestic
interests can still work together for
the collective security of all that's
what NATO has been in the past they've
always been differences between allies
on various issues that's what we want
going forward Russia is more challenging
now pushing harder against our NATO
members in the Baltics and the Balkans
than they were let's say ten years ago
and this is a real concern thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel
why don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there
and for more news from MSNBC click on
any of these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
