jeromy's no other way to put this these
are our oldest and best friends in the
world these are the countries that have
our back what is going on here O'Brien
we are witnessing the de facto collapse
of the NATO alliance
led by the United States on the
precipice of this historic summit I
think the one country in the world that
feels most emboldened is Russia Russia
Russia has been annexing Crimea they've
been propping up the Assad regime
they've been shooting commercial
airliners out of the sky they've been
poisoning Western intelligence assets on
the streets of a major American ally and
they've paid absolutely no consequences
and in fact they're getting a
significant return on their investment
for their meddling in the 2016 election
because here comes the American
president and he's about to basically
declare the NATO alliance not just
obsolete but ineffective ineffectual and
maybe defunct hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
