I'm Charlie now by Ben Rhodes former
deputy national security adviser at
MSNBC contributor he's the author of the
new book smash success in the world as
it is there it is Betsy where does the
reporter with The Daily Beast also that
met somebody sing contributor David
Joyce Republican a former Republican
congressman from Florida Nellie is known
as a former Republican congressman thank
you David Charlie I want you to explain
the politics is you're a Republican it's
hanging on you explain this first of
been you know this this whole issue of
our relations with the European allies
those were the home team yeah they were
the allies their fund go into Europe
when Jack Kenny went to France with
Jacqueline Kennedy was a smash it was
all about glamour and we loved the goal
and He loves us why is this guy dumping
on the European allies we've had for a
decade for a century the case of the
British and the French
why is he dumping on them to make them
to make him look more likable more
embraceable by putin well look you
couldn't script this week better if you
were vladimir putin because what he
wants above anything else is the
collapse of the Western alliance
divisions would like this whole world
collapsed that's what he wants and he
wanted to have the president States go
and essentially be creating turmoil in
our closest Alliance before he goes hat
in hand to Putin and a very solicitous
way he couldn't ask for anything better
and people should remember it is your
friends and it is a great place to visit
but after 9/11 they were with us in
Afghanistan they're the ones who invoked
the treaty of common defense they fought
and died with us in the mounds of
Afghanistan what he's putting at risk is
the next time we need them maybe they're
not going to be there for us or when
Putin wants to intimidate Eastern
European countries who count on us for
their survival well maybe they feel like
they can't count on us they're gonna
reach out to Putin instead what's in his
head Betsy seriously you're laughing but
I asked me what's it Trump said people
laugh but what is it what's in his head
is an extreme antipathy towards any sort
of multilateral or international
alliances to essentially towards the New
World Order post-world War two NATO the
World Trade Organization NAFTA the
institutions that have held together the
West why does he hate them it's a good
question I'm not I'm not sure the real
answer to that what's his psychobabble
he I mean I cycle which is brains number
why is it he doesn't play well with the
others is it he doesn't like
contemporaries equals he's presented
the institutions that he feels that he's
not a part of and frankly he's always
had more affinity for these strong men
types you know Putin we saw with Kim
Jung moon he had better things to say
about Kim jong-un than he does with the
the Prime Minister it's also it's also
the view canaanites train of
conservatism that's always played kind
of second fiddle in the Republican Party
going back a couple decades there's
always been this sense of America first
isolation but it's never taken over my
friends defense on this one narrow
defense he is a defender of the West he
does know that the Western civilization
has been a pretty good deal generally
speaking Trump isn't defending Western
civilization he's going over to the east
it's the America first mind set of sort
of seeing America's Andrus does not
necessarily overlapping with your oaths
well as I said Trump is said to meet
one-on-one with Vladimir Putin in
Helsinki with only translators president
is that people worried but no aides
around this sort of question him as the
New York Times reports today mr. Trump's
advisers concede they cannot be certain
of what he will choose to say or do in
those close circumstances and that
prospect does alarm sentiment our leader
Chuck Schumer who warned today that
Trump shouldn't be alone or let it be
alone with Putin I'm worried that the
word on the president's lips would be da
yes to anything that Putin says so I
don't think he should be in the room
alone with him
David this is obviously a partisan
Democrat saying he's concerned but I
don't think that's sure just throw with
him what's the fear when you think about
it of Trump you know they used to say
when Trump went to Reykjavik they with
Gorbachev oh my god he wants to get rid
nuclear weapons well that wasn't the
worst thing in the world to do but he
was talking big time his Trump gonna cut
a grand scheme with him some grand
alliance where the north of both
hemispheres go towards what goes to war
with the south and put Syria together
and somehow reconcile people with Syria
and keeps Israel safe what is it a grand
deal he's up to
I think that's giving Donald Trump a lot
more credit than he's capable of I think
what Schumer is speaking to is a
suspicion of many that this is a
president with a historical historic
level of profound ignorance on the world
stage and and Tibet sees and Ben's point
he is suspicious of multilateral
engagements but he sees strengthened
dealing with
strong men of world leaders like Putin
and Kim and frankly he's intimidated by
a NATO alliance and so he's willing to
sacrifice and flirt with 70 years of a
freedom alliance and and not understand
fully the consequences of whether or not
article 5 is even on the table or not
recalled that he flirted with them
during the campaign and walked it back
this is the concern listen he is
projecting profound weakness on the
world stage we are conflating bluster
with strength the fact is our greatest
allies are begging for his leadership
and he's not showing it yet at the same
time he is caving to our adversaries
that is the concern that Chuck Schumer
was speaking to while you were talkin
David you couldn't see it but there was
Trump getting off the plane with his
classic sort of presentation look code
open wide open white shirts showing a
tire cut tied so it shows ridiculously
low the belt is that part of the swagger
is this I'm serious is this intention
yes this is a president United States
that could not compete with his own
peers at the g7 so he walked away in a
fit this is a president who thinks that
he has a contract with Kim but we all
know in diplomacy that does not actually
exist
he sells only one thing to his base with
his strength and that strength to sell
that strength requires an adversary it
requires him to to appear with strong
men like Putin as though this is
something a president a former president
never did there's a reason former
presidents never did what this president
is doing it's because it's wrong for the
national security interest of the United
States well president Trump's cavalier
attitude towards America sighs earned
him a public rebuke today from European
Council President Donald Tusk let's
watch him in action the America
appreciate your allies after all you
don't have that many you don't have that
many allies well following that's smart
I can remount mark everybody's doing
that now president Trump attacked the EU
on Twitter saying the European Union
makes it impossible for our farmers and
workers and companies to do business in
Europe and then they want us to her
happily defend them through NATO and
nicely pay for it just doesn't work well
I I think just I'm gonna ask you Ben you
don't like doing this kind of thing with
this question of
brain soup why does Trump behave the way
he does is it all mental or is it
something psycho about it why he has to
strut like that we're just watching this
stuff Putin struts he struts little King
jungle and struts in his you know
shorter way but they do it you know I I
think you don't want to do this do you
know I'll go there for a second which is
III think that the only part of the
presidency that he seems to be attracted
to is not doing the homework you're not
getting in the room and negotiating you
know walking away from the g7 communique
blowing up NATO consensus the only party
likes is a spectacle he likes being the
center of attention he likes that
everybody in the world is gonna be
talking about this meeting with Putin
just like everybody in the world was
talking about the meeting with Kim I
don't think he has any idea what he's
trying to get us meeting with Putin and
I'm sure the Putin notes it exactly you
think he is an eight-year-old I think he
likes to be the center of attention like
an eight-year-old
where are the blocks around so don't
play with the other kids you're supposed
to find out eyes on me here and it could
you couldn't even I don't think he could
articulate to you you know you're trying
understand way to say like well is it
about do you think there's some kind of
grand plan there must be I don't think
Putin has a grand plan and we're
watching Putin's grand plan play out it
started in our election and it's
continued stroy that we lousy love we've
got the present knighted States
you know who's vacated the role of Betsy
well here I can't tell from your eyes
whether you think it's do you think
Trump has in a bind of his share with
maybe one or two other people an idea
that you know I think I can break open
this old rifle rift between the right
the east and the west I think I can make
it a north-south fight if I can get
Putin on my side we can settle things in
the Middle East and along that whole
soft underbelly of the old Soviet Union
I can work things out down there
the Middle East is really the key
question here because one of the most
important issues that Trump and Putin
should talk about is what the heck is
going on in Syria how that conflict is
supposed to be managed that's an issue
where US soldiers lives are actually in
danger where the allies that we work
with face off against Russian proxy
forces it's very much a hot conflict and
Trump and his administration broadly to
not just trip himself but also the
people around him have yet to lay out a
clear cogent strategy for what that
conflict is supposed to look like
I think Betsy's right let me go to back
to David I think they're going to get
together in the Bay
and there's two men here the one with a
plan will win now who you think do you
agree with it with do you agree with Ben
that it was the Russians have a plan
we don't couldn't Putin will win Chris
Donald Trump is cagey but ignorant and
we will end this week as a weaker nation
not a stronger nation
do you believe how we talk now you talk
about the president ID States you just
casually say ignorant you really mean
that in a robust yes it doesn't know
what is and I'm careful with the word I
don't like the word I really don't like
the word he's cagey and maybe he's a
brilliant negotiator he operates in
chaos and he's good at that but when it
comes to profound matters of policy
particularly on national security
he is historically ignorant and we are
wrestling with that as a country to
follow a president down this path that
is abandoning over 70 years of a freedom
Alliance and embracing dictators that
are adverse to our national security
interests that is the president today do
you mean do you mean just that when I
take a hairpin here the profoundly does
understand doesn't understand what the
Marshall Plan day where we restore true
relations in Europe so they could
rebuild themselves where we went with a
forged an alliance that was so scary to
the Soviet Union they had to back off
for that history he doesn't get that no
he doesn't note nor does he understand
how it actually operates look at his
language around suggesting that our NATO
allies have to contribute more it is not
a fun that they are contributing to it
is a GDP goal where yes he is correct
that only 5 of 29 countries actually
reach that goal but it is not about them
contributing more to a fund that would
actually reduce our requirement to
protect freedom as well he either
fundamentally does not understand it he
is fundamentally ignorant or he is
misleading the American people they can
make a decision which it is I think you
made the point thank you Ben Rhodes
Thank You Betsy Betsy winter thank you
thank you former Congressman David Shaw
you're all great tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
