some things to get to here number one
let's start off with the announcement on
Brett Kavanaugh and how it relates to
the guy he used to clerk for Justice
Kennedy was there any discussion at the
White House talk with Justice Kennedy
about his support for Cavanaugh prior to
the nomination well the rumor mill about
some sort of a deal or for quid pro quo
is entirely incorrect and false I want
to state that out of the gate obviously
Justice Kennedy talked to the President
on the day of his retirement you know
and and Judge Cavanaugh clerked for him
so there's obviously a fondness there
but the president made this choice
himself judge Cavanaugh was on his list
of potential Supreme Court nominees
added last year and he has over 300
opinions which the president cited over
a dozen that have been affirmed at the
Supreme Court level and many that have
been cited by appellate courts and lower
courts across the country hundreds
actually on a hundreds of occasions so
this man stands on his own merits let me
I want to talk more about some of those
cases you referenced but just to be
clear here was the relationship between
Kennedy and Cavanaugh did Justice
Kennedy express his support for
Cavanaugh to the President to Dom again
to folks at the White House prior to the
president picking him I'm gonna let
Justice Kennedy speak for himself but
the president's selection of Judge
Cavanaugh was his own selection based on
Judge Cavanaugh's clear and impeccable
credentials that your previous guest
just cited he's a man of incredible
intellect a man of impeccable
credentials and his swayed many
decisions and court opinions across the
country including at the highest court
you talked about some of his writings
and Democrats are talking about some of
Bret Cavanaugh's writings as well as you
might imagine specifically some of his
pieces he wrote in Law Review articles
in 98 and in 2009 related to presidents
under investigation here's a Chuck
Schumer had to say here this morning
listen on this issue the Muller issue
which came up after the vetting by these
two groups he's probably the most
extreme and it wouldn't surprise me if
that was very important to Donald Trump
knowing Donald Trump and I have no proof
do you think he didn't inquire about
this either directly or indirectly
knowing Donald Trump what do you think
so Raj I'll pose the question to you did
the president consider bring up look at
the writings on investigations the
Kavanagh had put out well let me just
clear the air a little bit the 2009
writing that folks have been citing has
to do with a legislative fix to the
Special Counsel from a legislative
perspective and not enumerated
constitutional powers but leaving that
aside no the President did not ask him
about specific cases or hypotheticals he
asked him broadly how he would approach
the law how Judge Cavanaugh through his
hundreds of writings as I as I've often
stated yeah you know if you look no I
hang on how you look through them let me
let me just answer the question of you
if you look through his writings there
are some that expand executive power
there's some that may limit executive
power but the consistent strain is a
judge who interprets the law as it was
written and the Constitution added as it
was written and intended it doesn't
legislate from the bench or doesn't
create law from the bench you talked
about the 2009 piece there's also the
1988 or I want to pull them up on Sharia
if we can't because he was he was clear
about where he stood now your that is
not a ruling that was a law review
article you're correct in that but yes
or no did the conversation on the
potential for indictment materials come
up during the discussion related to
Kavanagh either with the president with
da McGann at any point no again I mean
you had to have seen these writings I'm
not saying that his public record is not
something the White House has seen we've
seen all of his writings we've seen his
300 pieces you're talking about right
just yes Holly
yes Hallie everything in his public
record has been reviewed but what I am
saying is that the president asked him
about his approach to the law his
philosophy and how he would adjudicate
cases which is according to the letter
of the law and how it was written
did the president ever bring up those
discussions the Kavanagh had had had
written about regarding indictments and
investigations who the president ever
talk about that with McGann with anyone
else in the White House no the president
yet the president is focused on judge
Cavanaugh's approach to the law his
fidelity to the Constitution and the law
as it was written so should Brett
Kavanaugh if he is confirmed as you guys
at the White House hope happens and ends
up on the court should he recuse himself
if a question related to the Special
Counsel investigation comes
halli we've been getting that question I
think it's kind of absurd this is a
sitting u.s. judge judge in the US Court
of Appeals for the DC Circuit on any
matters that may involve recusal he will
follow the law but beyond that there's
nothing else to stay okay not a totally
absurd question right there's a Special
Counsel investigation happening it's
possible questions related that could
end up on the court it's possible Brett
Kavanaugh ends up on the court it sounds
like you're keeping that option open
you're saying Brett Kavanaugh will make
that decision he will follow the law
okay let me ask you about the hill
battle because that is starting today we
know the vice president in a matter of
what an hour is going to end up on
Capitol Hill meeting with Mitch
McConnell bringing Brett Kavanaugh
starting some of those conversations
none of the red state Democrats that
will be critical potentially to this
attended the White House announcement
last night although I know you said they
were invited I believe the president
reached out to any of them in the last
18 hours or so since this announcement
was made well the president did invite
them to the White House prior to picking
judge Cavanaugh and heard their views
it's a little unfortunate that they
didn't come last night but they're gonna
have an opportunity and being you know
allowed to have a meeting with the judge
and they can kick the tires they can ask
him his views on broadly
unconstitutional matters
see how he approaches the law and I
think that they're gonna see what we've
been seeing and they're gonna walk away
impressed I think that you know senators
from both parties are going to be
impressed with him as you mentioned you
know moderate Republicans and some
Democrats voted for his confirmation in
2006 and and we expect you know at least
that will give him a fair hearing and
proceed accordingly you're talking about
Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski I
believe these moderate Republicans who
did vote for Cavanaugh's confirmation
are you confident that they will do so
again and that so will let's say Rand
Paul well I think the senators are going
to have an opportunity to meet with
judge Kavanagh to ask him his views and
I think again I think
come away impress and be inclined to
support his nomination
Raj before I let you go let me just have
you put on your your sir comms White
House hat here because the president is
on his way as you know to Brussels I'm
heading there later today much of a the
White House aides are why would the
president say it's easier to meet with
the leader of the country who interfered
with our election Vladimir Putin than
for our allies why would he say that
well first off and let me just address
the premise here the president has
stated publicly repeatedly that he
agrees with the intelligence assessment
from US intelligence agencies about
meddling in the 2008 seemed on Twitter
about whether in fact that was really
the case he said that Vladimir Putin
hang on halli he has made a distinction
omalley but let me let me but let me let
me please address this he's made a
distinction between meddling and
actually influencing the outcome but on
on his remarks earlier today he's been
making the point for years now that
member nations of NATO need to increase
their defense spending they need to meet
the 2 percent of GDP mark some countries
aren't doing that NATO countries are in
the front line of the common defense
they need to be contributing more and
they're not going to do it unless the
United States had led by this president
applying pressure but raising vladimir
putin above these nato allies do you
believe that's appropriate to give that
kind of weight i think the president is
doing the right thing he's going to go
there and meet with the EU countries
he's also going to meet with the UK and
with Vladimir Putin and I think they're
gonna be very productive discussions
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
