NBC News is reporting that Saudi Arabia
is discussing a plan to admit that
missing Washington Post columnist Jamal
Khashoggi was killed after entering the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul 13 days ago
but the story reportedly being prepared
by the Saudi government is raising even
more questions including why it seems to
line up with a new theory floated by
President Trump today NBC News spoke
with three people who have knowledge of
the situation quote according to two of
the individuals the Saudis are putting
together an explanation that would
absolve Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
the putative leader of Saudi Arabia
responsibility by giving him plausible
deniability to say he didn't order the
killing and didn't know about it such an
off-ramp could provide a way for Saudi
leadership to save face and explain away
their previous insistence that Khashoggi
wasn't killed in the consulate NBC News
also reporting tonight one of those two
individuals said he was told by those
close to the Saudi leadership that the
kingdom will claim that rogue operatives
killed keshavjee during an interrogation
or a rendition attempt that went
horribly awry the third individual said
that the US government still doesn't
know precisely what the explanation the
Saudis planned to give but the Saudis
intend to admit culpability the
explanation of an interrogation gone
wrong seems to be contradicted by some
of what the Turkish government has
revealed about the incident which the
New York Times reported quote includes
signs of deliberate assassination among
other things Turkish officials have said
an autopsy specialist carrying a bone
saw was among 15 Saudi operatives who
flew to Istanbul on October 2nd the day
that mr. keshavjee disappeared the
president said this tonight about the
possibility that Saudi Arabia may be
about to admit the khashoggi was killed
in an interrogation gone wrong I just
saw this I just don't know I'm gonna
have to see what they say
but nobody knows if it's an official
report so far just Daruma speaking to
reporters earlier today the president
seemed to indicate he was at least open
to if not right outright supportive of
the denials of any involvement issued by
Saudi Arabia at the White House this
morning he even seemed to invent a new
explanation for the killing rogue
killers okay so it sounded like the
president interpreted that to mean
rogue killers and I'm gonna get back to
what the president just said about the
Saudi Arabian citizen that's going to be
important the president didn't say what
evidence he might have to support the
theory that it sounded like quote rogue
killers it's also not clear why it seems
to so closely match the new story being
floated by the Saudis tonight this is
not the first time Donald Trump blamed
rogue operatives for something despite
the evidence Donald Trump's statements
today look a lot like his response when
Russia's Vladimir Putin was accused of
interfering in the 2016 election today
it was rogue killers in 2016 it was
rogue hackers I mean it could be Russia
but it could also be China it could also
be lots of other people it also could be
somebody sitting on their bed that
weighs 400 pounds okay and that wasn't
the only thing president Trump said
today that sounded similar to what he
said about Putin the king firmly denied
any knowledge of it the denial was very
strong it wasn't like there was a
question in his
the denial was very very strong I will
tell you that President Putin was
extremely strong and powerful in his
denial today I believe that he feels
that he and Russia did not meddle in the
election so as long as your denial is
strong and powerful you're good tonight
the president once again may be out of
step with the widespread condemnation of
the behavior of a foreign government as
he continues to resist calls to take
action the president has dispatched
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to Saudi
Arabia tonight saying he instructed him
to find out what happened but he
continues to avoid questions on any
possible punishment or sanction and his
administration will still attend an
investment conference in Saudi Arabia
this month despite scores of sponsors
and business leaders pulling out JP
Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon saying he
won't attend along with the CEO of
MasterCard but Trump Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin is still scheduled to go
he's gonna make that decision we're
gonna see who's going I've got a while
to go you know it's Friday he has to go
by the end of Friday and we'll make that
decision we haven't made a decision
about going yet but he's going to make
that decision sometime prior to Friday
joining us now Bryan Clauson assistant
professor of global politics at
University College London and a
columnist for The Washington Post
joining us as well Rami Khouri a senior
public policy fellow at the American
University of Beirut and a political
columnist he's currently a fellow at
Harvard and Evelyn Farkas senior fellow
at the Atlantic Council and a former
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense
she's at MSNBC national security analyst
and let me start with you Evelyn this is
one of those things where the real world
comes up against against diplomatic
realities we have not in history taken
issue with a lot of the human rights and
press freedoms abuses that have been
committed in Saudi Arabia because Saudi
Arabia makes us rich and gives us lots
of oil and we do very well by Saudi
Arabia this is now reality that Saudi
Arabia if it admits to culpability in
the death of Jamal khashoggi is going to
put the American government in a
difficult position yeah I think because
you have to think of the context right
now Ali you know we have really an
uptick
these extraterritorial extrajudicial
killings of journalists and others by
autocratic leaders so this joint you
mentioned earlier in your segment you
know Vladimir Putin he's been killing
journalists and others in other
countries if you recall the latest one
in Ukraine actually turned out to be
where the journalist was helping the
authorities find his assailant so it was
a faked one but this one is very real
it's happening it happened in Turkey
although strictly speaking a Saudi
consulate as I guess Saudi sovereign
territory but nevertheless that Saudi
citizen went into the consulate may have
been lured in but in any event went in
there and went to his death and he was a
permanent citizen of the United States
so we bear some responsibility as well
and I just don't think we can stand
there and say nothing because all these
autocrats around the world will take
only one lesson from this which is keep
on going around the world need to fear
he was a u.s. resident rot me let me
just ask you about this we I want to
read you a couple of tweets one from
Democratic Senator Chris Murphy of
Connecticut because to to to Evelyn's
point if we do nothing that would be one
thing we said we doing more than nothing
we seem to be setting up the argument
that the Saudis are going to use here
Democratic Senator Chris Murphy of
Connecticut tweeted been hearing the
ridiculous rogue killer's theory was
where the Saudis would go with this
absolutely extraordinary they were able
to enlist the President of the United
States as their PR agent to float it
Robbie
you and I talked the other day and you
were worried that the u.s. is complicit
with some of these regimes like Saudi
Arabia this is this is pretty serious
that we seem to be in lockstep with what
their messaging about a dead columnist
is going to be yeah there's really three
terrible angles to this one that the US
president seems to be working closely
with the Saudi leadership and coming up
with this cockamamie story the second
one is that the whole world basically is
very critical of what the Saudis
apparently have done or what has
happened in the Saudi consulate and
wants accountability and the third one
and the more
powerful more frightening an oldest
trend is that the United States has
stood by or actively participated in the
deaths of hundreds of thousands of
innocent civilian Arabs and other
Nationals all around the Middle East in
Palestine and Iraq and in Yemen and
other places so the the death of Arabs
innocent Arabs at the hands of their own
governments or Wars by Arabs aided by
the United States that is something that
is very much in keeping with the
American legacy in the Middle East it
just becomes so much more gruesome when
it is publicly manipulated by the
American president in real time it seems
to be happening now so either there's
accountability or there's no
accountability we live in the jungle or
we live in the rule of law the American
president seems to say we like the
jungle right we at least I'd like to
pretend that we live in the rule of love
but Rami your point is well-taken that
while we are concentrated on the story
of jamal whom you know i know that you
you and he have had close contact that
this is a bigger story this is a story
about whether we're coming down on the
site side of right or wrong
brien class jamal khashoggi was not the
greatest critic of Saudi Arabia in fact
he was supportive in instances of
Muhammad bin Salman in some of the
things that he was doing he was critical
on some fronts but he couldn't identify
it as a Saudi he he wanted Saudi Arabia
to move forward why him why would they
want him so badly well I think Jamal
threatened them because he was one of
them and so critiques from internal
sources and people who are actually part
of the Saudi establishment are much more
dangerous because they're people that
Saudis listen to his columns were
written in Arabic right so the thing
that I think is really insidious about
this is they identify them as a target
and then they looked at who's in the
White House and I think the Saudis made
a strategic calculation here they they'd
basically calculated that Trump's
dictator worship his hatred for the
press in particular the Washington Post
and his deep financial ties to the
Saudis going back several decades meant
that they could kill this guy in the
Saudi consulate and not have a harsh
reaction from the American president
they may have miscalculated in this
instance only because of the pub
reaction to it but they seem to have
been alright on in their calculation of
property we've been totally right about
how trumpet behaved I mean he's been
downplaying this repeatedly highlighting
that he's not actually a US citizen as
though we shouldn't care about him right
he was hurt even though he you know he's
got to living in our borders and he's
got two children who are US citizens any
rights for one of the major American
newspapers and it's it's absolutely
incumbent on Washington to push back
hard on Trump that we actually have to
have a moral assertion of leadership in
this world and that Jamal khashoggi --zz
death needs to be a wake-up call that
the insidious bipartisan staying at the
sati relationship has been in Washington
needs to end soon Robbie there are is a
complicating factor here American
America has been in bed with the Saudis
for some time and as you pointed out
with with a number of oppressive regimes
but this particular president seems to
have uniquely close ties to the Saudi
regime including Jared Kushner the
president's son-in-law
he's got financial ties to the Saudis
and when confronted with this first
Donald Trump used the argument that look
they buy military equipment from us they
buy it from the Russians or they buy it
from the Chinese these these these
financial relationships with some of
these countries are what drive our
policy toward them and in moments like
this when the when the pressure is on
drive our responses to inhumane actions
this this is being laid bare now I think
so and there's another element to that
besides the material bilateral financial
element the United States has chosen
Saudi Arabia to be the linchpin of its
regional policy to bring together a
group of countries Arabs Israelis and
others against Iran to push back Iran
and therefore it is absolutely critical
for Trump to maintain that fiction that
Saudi Arabia can actually rally a lot of
countries and armies and fight terrorism
and push back Iran and work with the
Israelis for a peace plan and Palestine
and Israel and all of this is fantasy
this is stuff that Trump dreams about
when he's golfing I think it has nothing
to do with the reality in the Middle
East I mean this the Saudi King
basically went against the policy that
had been said man the crown prince his
son had about trying to work with the
Israelis for this Nadi peace plan that
Jared Kushner came up with so there's
this bigger regional imperative for
Trump to hold on to the Saudis as an
important player and of course they're
not an important player every foreign
policy move that Saudi Arabia has made
under Mohammed bin Salman in the last
two two-and-a-half years has not only
been a failure but has been a
counterproductive and has hurt the
Saudis in so many ways and there's only
a few countries in the world who support
Saudi Arabia and those are countries
that are dependent on it financially
mostly small Arab countries and Egypt
and one or two others so the you know
that the so these are a really a bad
partner to choose as the linchpin of
your regional political strategy and
Trump is a pretty you know low integrity
president and therefore he carries out
these policies that are certainly bound
to fail Evelyn Farkas when asked about
this by Lesley Stahl on 60 minutes last
night this is what the president said
let's say they did what are your options
would you consider imposing sanctions as
a bipartisan group of senators have
proposed what depends on what the
sanctions so give you an example
they are ordering military equipment
everybody in the world wanted that order
Russia wanted it China wanted it we
wanted it we got it
so would you cut that on what I don't
want to do Boeing Lockheed Raytheon all
these cuts I don't want to hurt jobs I
don't want to lose an order like that
Evelyn you were a Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense that is the
description of the military industrial
complex it is it was a strange argument
when when Lesley Stahl said what will
you do if our allies the Saudis are
found to be responsible for this Donald
Trump started listing defense companies
and their contracts and the jobs that
those companies provide Americans right
and here's the thing whatever President
Trump wants to do with regard to
sanctions on Saudi Arabia it's not going
to be up to him it's gonna be up to
Congress and Congress was pretty clear
and
i partisan fashion you saw on all the
television shows on Sunday the Senators
saying we're gonna and representatives
saying we're gonna take action we we are
going to sanction Saudi Arabia already
right now the arms sales that were under
discussion and by the way they don't add
up to 110 billion dollars no the saudis
just let another one go they let another
deadline go on and on the air defense
system you know these are notion you
know these are wish list they come up
with under the obama administration i'm
sure you're aware we also had about 115
billion dollar wish list but the saudis
never buy everything on the wish list
and they're not going to now and whether
they want to or not congress already has
put on hold a bunch of the things that
they wanted to buy those arms the
country's the companies also are looking
closely of course they want to make
business deals but they don't want to be
complicit in human rights violations or
aiding and abetting human rights
violations there's the whole issue of
yemen and then syria
so already even before this there was a
lot of trouble on capitol hill primarily
over yemen and the way that the saudis
have used their air forces
indiscriminately killing as you know a
school bus full of children in the
summer and that was just one of and one
example of many of these and we provide
many of those bombs and we refuel those
planes mid-air so if you're not happy
about what's going on in Yemen you need
to talk to your congressmen all right
thanks to the three of you Evelyn Farkas
Rami Khouri and Brian Klock thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
