the United States Senate Democrat Chuck
Schumer of New York senator always good
to talk to you
good morning good to be back we'll just
throw the softball over the center of
the plate for the first pitch and then
follow up with maybe some of the pitches
that your Yankees have had trouble
hitting a plate home
the Red Sox here's a pinch straight over
the plate that David Price might pitch
to you which is what do you think about
the pick what do you think about judge
Kavanaugh well look president Trump is
fulfilling his campaign promises with
the nomination of Judge Cavanaugh he
said in his campaign he would repeal Roe
he would send it back to the states and
he said in his campaign he would repeal
ACA with things very precious to the
American people like priam maintaining
pre-existing conditions and that he has
now accomplished that he's had two
groups that these nominees one is the
Federalist Society run by leonard leo
leonard leo has dedicated his life to
repealing roe and it is a certainty that
anyone on that list will vote to repeal
roe we have the Heritage Foundation
which have dedicated I can finish my
okay I just one point by point you can't
really say it's a certainty can you that
Brett Kavanaugh will overturn Roe when
certainly most of us would have said it
was a certainty that Justice Roberts
would overturn the Affordable Care Act
you never know exactly how those we we
were we Republicans there's a former
Republican I find you never know which
direction they're gonna go well look I
sure wouldn't take a bet on Leonard
Leo's hand-picked list to keep row for
sure and the other one is the Heritage
Foundation they have dedicated their
existence to repealing ACA pulling the
government out of health care the
president promised that in his campaign
as well so these are two issues broadly
popular with the American people women's
reproductive rights
keeping healthcare particularly
pre-existing conditions I will oppose
this nominee with everything I've gotten
I'd make one other point particularly
for you guys which is this you are
worried about president Trump's
overreach so am i this nominee has stood
more both beef certainly before he
became a judge for presidential
overreach he has said the president
shouldn't be investigated he's gone so
far as to say a president if he could
declares a law unconstitutional doesn't
have to obey it how is he going to react
if Muller needs a subpoena
if Muller needs some other action so for
all these reasons this man should not be
on the bench and I believe if we can
prove these two points to the American
people that he will repeal Roe and
women's reproductive freedom that he
will repeal ACA and the right to
pre-existing conditions or the right to
protect pre-existing conditions that we
will get a majority in the Senate to
vote against him I know it's an uphill
fight but they said we couldn't do it
with health care and we did I understand
that and and isn't it also fair to say
senator that this domini is here because
Democrats lost the election voters in
2016 they were looking for conservative
judges and they worked toward this a
Republicans got what they want they won
and here we are I guess my question is
what fight do you really fight do we
look toward the midterms and try and
find a message and try and find a
unifying set of leaders or are we going
to fight an impossible fight right now
because Democrats lost I don't believe
it's an impossible fight they said that
with ACA I believe that if the American
people rise up and we've seen lots of
that in the last few days we can win
this fight and I've make one other point
the number one issue for our party from
the red states to the purple states to
the blue states is health care and
particularly pre-existing conditions
protecting them which is wildly popular
and necessary in the reddest of states
this court battle highlights that and so
this actually may
help us in the midterms anytime
healthcare is highlighted Democrats win
so your task right now seems to be
centered around trying to defeat this
nomination of Judge Cavanaugh to the
court so how do you balance that fight
with the idea of keeping tester Manchin
Donnelly hide camp in the United States
Senate how do you balance that well as I
said in those states health care is a
very important issue as it is in Maine
as it is in Alaska obviously we can't
win this fight unless we get a
Republican but I do believe if the
American people come to believe this
Court would overturn women's
reproductive freedom and the ACA we will
get a majority of votes obviously it
would have to be from both parties
Senator Schumer it's willie Geist do you
believe that Joe Whelan
do you believe judge Kavanagh is an
extremist I believe he is far far right
on so many issues the ones I've
mentioned and particularly alarming is
of course the one about presidential
power at a time when we have a president
who just routinely overreaches and
doesn't respect rule of law but I also
on gun rights on environmental rights on
LGBTQ rights he is way way way to the
right of the American people he is not a
mainstream judge and that's why the
Federalist Society and the Heritage
Foundation groups that are not in the
mainstream have chosen him have
pre-selected him had Donald Trump chosen
someone from off the list which I urged
him to do when he called me we might be
in a different situation but the fact
that the president campaigned on these
things and created his own litmus tests
and then the fact that he could we've
led two groups that vehemently strongly
fervently believe in these two things
makes it pretty clear that this is an
extreme nominee senator do you believe
that President Trump selected Judge
Cavanaugh because of Judge Cavanaugh's
views on presidential power and his
position in that Law Review paper where
he said that presidents should not be
subject to prosecution while in office I
believe he was the judge probably of the
25 they all would repeal Roe they all
would repeal ACA
on this issue the Muller issue which
came up after the vetting by these two
groups he's probably the most extreme
and it wouldn't surprise me if that was
very important to Donald Trump
knowing Donald Trump and I have no proof
do you think he didn't inquire about
this either directly or indirectly
knowing Donald Trump what do you think
that's what tell you what I think this
idea of my dear friend Joe that he's a
moderate on the issue you care most
about he's not even close first of all I
never said he was a moderate I'm just
warning everybody again Republicans is a
former Republican I can tell you I spent
a generation being surprised by what
justices that were painted as right wing
lunatics ended up doing what Sandra Day
O'Connor our suitor our Justice Kennedy
gap you have you have the opposite you
have judges who said they call balls and
strikes like Judge Roberts right led his
court to create citizens united probably
the worst decision in a generation
letting dark money flow into politics on
the Affordable Care on a very narrow
basis which now that we have the mandate
shant law changed I don't think he'll
stick with that either so I I don't
think judge Roberts is called balls and
strikes I certainly don't think judge
Gorsuch is called balls and strikes if
anything these justices have been far
more to the right on the bench than they
talked about in they're gonna call a
timeout right now because I want to know
if you want to hang around and listen to
the president just left the White House
he's heading to the NATO summit and he
made a few comments there a couple
minutes long senator do you want to stay
and listen with us then respond thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
