we'll get to the president's Supreme
Court pick and his NATO trip in just a
moment but quickly first let us gallop
weekly tracking poll shows president
Trump's job approval rating has slipped
back down into double-digit negative
territory as 56 percent disapprove and
41 percent approve this just three weeks
after Trump received the best mark since
the first days of his presidency in
mid-june only to have his ratings turned
back in a negative direction this was
the same time period that his
administration's family separation
policy at the southern border came in to
public view we'll get to developments in
that story ahead numbers are really
stout I mean just really briefly I'll be
Willie who could have ever imagined that
ripping children from their mothers
rests at the border and then lying about
it and then losing the children and then
saying you're gonna get him back and
then you can't get him back and we're
still trying to figure out where the
children are who would ever have guessed
that that would actually hurt a
president's approval rating interesting
for a guy so obsessed with numbers who
thought that immigration was a winning
issue including by the way this issue of
separation of families because he
believed his beit's thinks these people
are breaking the law you break the law
there are consequences for it
there have been consequences to it and
his poll numbers which he touted a
couple of weeks ago as that Gallup
number ticked up a little bit into the
mid-40s is now back where it was well
Mike and this is something that's longer
the Supreme Court picked that we're
going to talk about in a second but this
is something the Republicans are all
going to have to answer for in every
swing district in every district and
Hillary Clinton carried that is now
being held by a Republican I mean this
is just a monumentally stupid immoral
and politically short-sighted approach
to border security and you can see
there's a direct overlay between when
Donald Trump started having his
administration push a policy that ripped
children from their mothers arms to his
poll numbers going down well the numbers
of proof of the fact that while he can
find a potential Supreme Court justice
he has found a Supreme Court nominee he
has lost
administration and the Republican Party
has lost hundreds of children literally
they don't know where these children are
they can't reunite these children these
infants in some cases with their parents
we're talking about children under five
I think up to 50 literally they can't
find they're actually between fifty and
a hundred children I mean but the the
lives that hang in the balance right now
is up to two thousand again no access
again no answers again no process which
shows that when they put this policy in
place and said they hope that people get
the message they had no clue as to how
they might be able to track these people
and bring these families back together
which shows such an extreme callousness
which shows such a lack of humanity when
it comes to American values and families
well that's that American people are
pretty smart and they can understand
okay he makes a nomination Brett
Kavanaugh what they can't understand is
how do you send parents to Honduras and
children to New York leave them here all
right
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
