that last point that Senator Booker was
making there that this nominee was
chosen off a list which is an unusual
thing right previous presidents haven't
done this but this president said that
he would choose nominees from a list
prepared by conservative interest groups
Brett Kavanaugh was added to that list
late last year what senator Booker is
saying that he's the one person on that
list who's explicitly and multiple-- on
the record talking about a president's
liability to criminal investigation and
indictment and saying as Senator Booker
said that a president should not be
subject to criminal investigation and
cannot be indicted if he's the one guy
from that list of two dozen choices
who's been explicit on that point
is that the signal element that we
should see here in this choice joining
us once again is Dalia lithic senior
editor and legal correspondent at Slate
comm Dalia to this point is Senator
Booker correct that Kavanagh has an
explicit overt record on this subject
that might have appealed to the
president because of his own legal woes
I think that if the president were
poring over the writings of every single
person on his list
judge Kavanagh would have given him most
succor I want to actually just clarify
one tiny thing Rachel I think it's
important I think in Judge Cavanaugh's
Law Review article where he talked about
this he didn't say is a constitutional
matter the president should be immune
from all civil and criminal liability he
said Congress should pass a law to
protect the president so not that we
think Congress is capable of doing
anything in any sense but I don't think
he was making the constitutional point
that is quite so broad that he's you
know making a political argument exactly
that there the impeachment of a
president would would essentially put a
prosecutor in a position of supplanting
Congress's responsibility to impeach
yeah I and I just think it's important
because I think it's it's not quite as
you know dispositive of this question is
we like to think but on your question
and I think it's so important if you
think about how much fire Brett
Kavanaugh drew Ted Cruz hated him we had
the whole Federalists was was posting
anonymous post after another saying
we're not gonna be for Trump if he puts
Kavanagh up what was the resistance
to Cavanaugh so I you know it's been
really interesting to me because I
thought for a very long time it was just
that he wasn't a sort of religious
conservative this wasn't going to be the
fire fight that some of the Evangelic Oh
community wanted and now I think it's
just that they're not completely certain
Ted Cruz has been warning all along he's
gonna be a suitor you know he's kind of
he's hideous
but as an observer of these things are
there any indications in his record that
I mean he's got more than 300 opinions
opinions he's been on the appeals court
for a dozen years and it's the DC
Circuit so it's lots of high-profile
cases there lots of very ideologically
charged cases he was Bush Gore recount
Bush lawyer he was a gorge W Bush White
House employee for more than four years
like what in the record what in his
record would allow conservative critics
to see him as a squish I have no idea
but I know that I was stunned at how
they came out with the Long Knives
against him and I think that Donald
Trump was making exactly the calculus
you and Senator Booker just identified
that if I have to figure out who to
mollify here I've got all these groups
who are angry about someone I'm gonna
protect myself I'm gonna pick the guy
who said most expensively in writings
over the years what the scope of
presidential power is and I think that
in that sense you see Trump not looking
at the sort of landscape of who's who do
I need to satisfy for these upcoming
midterms how do I protect myself
let's just quote directly judge
Cavanaugh from a 1998 Georgetown Law
Journal article quote Congress should
establish as well important to point
that out
Congress should establish that the
president can be indicted only after he
leaves office voluntarily or is
impeached by the house and convicted and
removed by the Senate that's Kavanagh on
the record saying there should be no
indictment of a sitting president mmm
dolly with wick here from slate comm
thank you very much it's good to have
you with us thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
