president tonight announcing that he has
chosen Brett Kavanaugh to fill the
vacancy created on the Supreme Court by
the retirement of Justice Anthony
Kennedy we saw short remarks from the
president there and somewhat longer
remarks from Judge Kavanaugh himself
judge Kavanaugh you should know has been
on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals for
dozen years that Court has a remarkable
record of feeding judges to the Supreme
Court from the current court John
Roberts Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence
Thomas they're all on the Supreme Court
now they all served on the DC Circuit
Court before being elevated to the
Supremes on the DC Circuit Court where
he sits now Brett Kavanaugh all these
years has served under the chief judge
of that court of that Circuit Merrick
garland who of course was nominated in
the spring of 2016 to fill the seat left
vacant by the death of Antonin Scalia
nominated by President Barack Obama
because he was nominated by President
Obama Republicans in the Senate would
not allow a hearing on judge Garland's
nomination they cited the election
coming later that year close observers
will note there is also an election
coming later this year but nobody knows
if Democrats will be able to apply the
same standard this time to wait on
hearings on Brett Kavanaugh until after
the election
the way the Republicans applied that
standard last time Democrats will
apparently try for that but they're not
in power and we don't know if they'll be
able to pull it off we're gonna be
talking about that over the course of
this hour we also I think shouldn't lose
sight of what a just a what a remarkable
thing this is that it just happened
tonight President Trump after less than
18 months in office not yet halfway
through one term as president is already
making his second nomination to the
court there's only nine people on the
court this nomination comes at a time
when that choice is fraught and
consequential in ways that have never
applied to any other US president ever
just consider for a second the snapshot
here the president's first national
security adviser has pled guilty to a
felony charge he's going to appear in
person in federal court tomorrow because
a federal judge is about to hold a
hearing on the start of his sentencing
process the president's campaign
chairman is now
three and a half weeks into solitary
confinement in a federal jail while he
awaits the start of two federal trials
on multiple felony counts
the president's longtime personal lawyer
has just secured the legal services of
one of President Clinton's lawyers from
his impeachment fight in the 90s while
federal prosecutors Mull criminal
charges against him and while he is
widely reported to be considering
cooperating with those prosecutors than
a potential plea deal if the president
ends up himself in the crosshairs of the
ongoing special counsels investigation
any number of the elements of his
defense may end up before the US Supreme
Court and therefore potentially before
the nominee he has named tonight can the
president be subpoenaed to testify
before a grand jury can a president be
criminally indicted can the president
pardon himself can the president pardon
others if the goal of those pardons is
to to weaken the case against himself or
his family can individual states bring
prosecutions against people the
president has pardoned if he pardons
them for those reasons now all of those
questions are considered more or less to
be unsettled as matters of American law
which means if and when push comes to
shove between the special counsels
investigation and this president
tonight's announcement of this nominee
to fill the seat of retiring Justice
Anthony Kennedy this nomination will be
both critical to the future of law and
policy in this country but it will also
be critical to the president's personal
fate in a way we have never seen before
and that is not a normal thing you worry
about with most Supreme Court
nominations but that is now a very very
live consideration for the announced
nomination just moments ago of Brett
Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme
Court joining us now is US Senator Cory
Booker who serves on the Judiciary
Committee senator Booker thank you for
being with us tonight I know this is an
incredibly important evening appreciate
you having some time for us thank you
Rachel thanks for having me on what's
your reaction to the president's
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh I'm a
little sort of stunned at the way this
is all played out if you look at the
entire list of 20 or so people that he
had on the one person the president
could find on that list that would be
most assured to rule in his favor should
many of the things you're describing
come before this
in court is this judge he picked the one
guy who has specifically written that a
president in fact should not be the
subject of a criminal investigation
which the president is right now so this
seems to be them of all the people the
most self-serving person he could choose
in order to protect himself from this
criminal investigation
CNN reported earlier this evening that
that factor about judge Kavanagh his
writings on whether a president can be
indicted about a president's potential
susceptibility to obstruction of justice
charges that those writings by Judge
Cavanaugh were overtly considered and
reviewed by the White House team that
was advising the President on on making
this pick if that's true if it turns out
that the president chose chose judge
Cavanaugh for this nomination in part on
the basis of what he said about whether
President Trump conceivably could be
indicted with that itself be a factor
for the confirmation here would that be
disqualifying in your mind well first of
all I have no doubt that his president
who seems to be very concerned about
himself I didn't see that as a shining
pearl within the pics that he had and
and the criteria that he looked at but
I've been saying emphatically before
this and now I will be saying with even
stronger voice that we as United States
Senate forget partisanship or
what-have-you if a respect for the
Constitution to avoid a constitutional
constitutional crisis we cannot let this
confirmation process go forward
especially now that we have someone that
has clearly said that they have a strong
opinion should any of those issues come
before the Supreme Court we know now
that the the idea is that you said us
are not settled law or whether the
president can pardon himself whether the
president can just dispense with a
criminal investigation a lot of these
issues could come right before that
justice that now he is a hundred percent
certain will have his back and Senator I
know in addition to being a US Senator
you are also a trained lawyer and you
have expert opinions on these things as
well as observing them through a
political lens the the way I understand
judge Kavanagh is writing on this
subject is not just that he said that
president definitively cannot be
indicted and should not be indicted
while in office but he's also sir
further said that a president shouldn't
be subject to either criminal
prosecution or any civil lawsuits while
in office that the president should
essentially be exempt from
accountability on either criminal or
civil law while in office simply as a
way to ensure that he's able to focus a
president is able to focus entirely on
the business of running the country that
is that's interesting in terms of just
Cavanaugh's history given his
involvement with the Ken Starr
investigation I believe he was the lead
author of the of the Ken Starr report
but this would also seem to have
implications for the president's
potential liability not just for the
Moller investigation but also for any
liability that may attend to the Trump
foundation or the summers or Voz lawsuit
or and or the emoluments cases that have
been brought it would seem to apply to a
lot of the legal trouble that the
president has been that has been sort of
brewing around the president over this
last year and a half yeah well we know
that this person president has already
knows deep in legal matters before he
even became president and was settling
with millions of dollars beforehand but
now he has a lot of other legal trouble
and the challenges that this president
could have caused for himself now he's
got it that insurance policy he's got
this get-out-of-jail-free card if you if
you will in the in him sifting through
20-plus names as well as all the other
people he could have considered he
picked the one that as you said it's not
just that he said a president couldn't
be indicted it's not just he said that a
president couldn't be held accountable
for his actions this is somebody that
goes as far as to say that even an
investigation even him being in the
midst of of an enlarger investigation
that this could distract a president
from his other urgent work and yet
you're right rachel is a choice piece of
irony that this was a person that is
very much a political actor before he
was a jurist that was a part of the
Starr investigation himself so I I'm
deeply troubled by this before you even
get to the issues that concern me as an
American citizen that this is a person
that's going to roll back
so many of the freedoms and liberties
that Americans have a gain from
themselves over the 50 years whether
it's a woman's right to make her own
medical decision whether it's voting
rights whether it's right for workers to
organize whether it's the right for
individuals to have the rights of
citizenship like voting rights there are
so many things here that should be
objectionable to again people on both
sides of the aisle worrying about the
corporate ascendancy in this country
that we already saw with the Citizens
United decision that's so muted the
voices of ordinary Americans and
ascended the billions of dollars now
that we've seen dark money pouring into
our campaigns but this trend now with
the shifting and balance of the court
that should be enough to cause outrage
and to give me a sense of conviction but
I am really stunned having watched
what's happened over the last six months
with a legitimate investigation of a
nation that has been attacked by the
Russians of which as you said there has
been a seventy plus charges 20 plus
individuals and companies that have been
subject to those charges five guilty
pleas one sentence people all swirling
around this president we have a
bipartisan group within the Intelligence
Committee on the Senate side at least
saying that the Russians indeed did
attack us all of this is going on right
now and it's almost like I'm watching a
bad movie that now a president knighted
States has got sort of indemnified
himself by picking the one person he
knew would have his back and one person
that would give him shield from anything
that might come at him even though we
now see that numerous people around his
campaign and his administration are
under investigation right now
senator Cory Booker of the great state
of New Jersey thank you for being with
us tonight sir on this big important I
thanks for being here thank you for
having you John hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
