people in the government who are voted
into power are lying to us and us kids
seems to be the only ones who notice and
are prepared to call BS in their gilded
House and Senate seats funded by the NRA
telling us nothing could have ever been
done to prevent this we call BS that
kids don't know what we're talking about
that we're too young to understand how
the government works we if you register
to vote contact your local Congress
I was mo Gonzalez just days after a
former student entered her high school
in parkland Florida armed with an ar-15
assault rifle and murdered 17 people 14
of them students and the Gonzalez is now
our powerful advocate for gun safety
doing the hard slow daily work of
holding politicians accountable because
quote it's their job to make our world
better joining me now is Emma Gonzalez
who contributed a new book with other
founders the March for lives movement
called glimmer of hope also joining me
Ramon Contreras national field
strategist from March for lives they
both participated in the road to change
tour this summer to mobilize young
voters throughout the country the tour
takes off on October 28th for a final
push before the midterms good to have
you here thank you for having us how are
you doing it's nice it's very chilly
outside that from Florida but yeah you
you and your classmates were in such a
inconceivably awful situation and also
in the midst and right on the backs of
that in the national spotlight and I
always just wondered like how you have
been able to process that all with a
little more time my mom says I haven't
processed it so we're still working on
that personally but in general I'm doing
the best I can and I'm trying to connect
with my friends as much as possible and
contribute to my life as a human being
in that manner yeah the work you guys
are doing is specifically targeted at
young voters am i right yes what is what
is a sort of idea about how you get
young voters who the data shows
particularly with midterms don't vote
very high rates how you reach them I
mean for a very long time you know when
people are going out and doing geo TV
and what people are doing Pluto camp
campaigns they'll reach out to the young
people right they don't create messages
that connect with young people they
don't talk about issues that connect
with young people and a lot of the times
right young people are always looking
for ways to get involved but how can you
get involved with a candidate or any
type of political process when you just
can't connect with it right and after
the you know terrible mass shootings
that happen a lot of young people were
starting to fear for their own lives
because they're going to these schools
every day and you don't know if their
school when they might get shot up so
people started to feel you know you know
empathy for these people and they
started to say okay you know young
people my age are dying right and it
opened up the door to gun violence and
in different communities and they made
an intersectional right kids every day
are dying in black and brown communities
kids are dying every day when they go to
school kids are dying when you know
they're walking down the street and
people feel connected to that especially
when it's someone your age how what have
you learned in this process of doing
this kind of work so much there's that I
completely so much more than I've ever
learned in high school and that's not a
diss on my teacher that's not just on
the public education system of this
country it's pitiful but you know I've
I've learned so many individual
experiences that I never knew about I
learned so much about Native Americans
that the history books like burned
records of practically there's such a
lack of and this is from going around
the country I'm different background we
met with the Native Americans in
Standing Rock and the Standing Rock
reservation we met with you know people
in Chicago we met with people and almost
like was it over so many states at least
we made at least 63 stops and it was
like over 90 events at the end of the
whole summer which is more than any tour
ever had and I cannot stress how much of
a different person like how much more
gorona I am and more fleshed out as a
human being I have become because of
that what what is the sort of I what is
the block in terms of the efficacy of
politics particularly at the sort of
basic Monday and level of registering
and going to vote right like the
problems are huge and massive and
life-and-death the actions you take are
these small little miniscule parts of a
larger thing right like a lot of people
need to vote to change those but but but
taking that action is important like how
do you communicate that well you know a
lot of the issues that we talk about you
know also being on a summer tour I
learned a lot about you know my country
right and I learned that a lot of the
controversy a lot of things that people
disagree with is usually in Congress and
not within the actual American people
right speaking to different Republicans
and counter-protesters even speaking to
you know countless of Democrats we
realized that we agree on a lot of the
issues that we discussed right that you
know out of out of all the policy points
like universal background checks which
90% of Americans you know agree with
right out of airpo out of disarming you
know domestic abusers right people are
on board with this people who support it
right but the lack of information
being received - you know certain people
and you know with our elected officials
not representing each American you know
sometimes you know people feel a need to
be able to combat that that rhetoric in
that theory that's being pushed out and
what we do is we have those
conversations right we cross the streets
we talk to those counter protesters and
we say here's what we believe we put the
politics aside and we talk about real
issues and we talk about the real issues
that's when we meet you know a common
ground and a middle ground I hear that
so often from people that are spending a
lot of time even political conversations
with people that are not professionally
in politics that exact same theme is
that was that your what you encountered
as well yeah exactly there are so many
people that I met they were like I don't
agree with what you're saying and we
were like do you know what we're saying
and then we told them what we were
saying and they were like oh okay
I think you should say that more and
we're like a weap that's all we've ever
been saying you just haven't been
listening to us but it's not even their
fault like a lot of that messaging
doesn't get through to the other side
based on the type of media that they
consume as a person and it's it's hard
to reach out and go to other news sites
if they do if they're you know talking
about things that you don't want to
listen to but sometimes you just need to
branch out and find as much information
about the topic as possible there I
think there was a sense when you guys
started doing the work that you were
doing right in the wake of what happened
in your school that like oh these kids
are passionate and idealistic and it's
great but like the political system is
messy and it's gonna chew them up a
little bit and I wonder like a year
later are you more or less hopeful about
how things work I'm super hopeful
because I know that there's so many more
people in this country who are
registered to vote and they're going to
vote they're actually gonna turn out to
vote and like just because there's a lot
of people that are turning out to vote
doesn't mean that you can slack off and
not thought okay go do that it's very
important so but just in general like
there's so there's so much more you feel
like you see the light bulb connected to
this country now I feel way more
politically involved than I ever have
been obviously I'm advocating in
politics right but you know like it it
comes to a certain point where if you
just talk to somebody you look at them
on the street and you're like don't
forget to vote like everybody is getting
further and closer and closer to that
point also every day we get closer to
the midterms Chris you know November 6
you know America is gonna see young
people shift the culture of politics in
this country young people have had
enough young people have rallied they've
marched right they you know they've
rallied with us in our
more toys and we have spoken to young
people we have organized young people
and young people are still organizing
across the country right young people
are how are tired they've had enough and
you want a Congress represents them and
that's exactly what they're gonna do in
November six and what's really important
to remember is that even if you don't
see something on your ballot that's like
there's nothing on my ballot that talks
about gun reform the people that you're
voting into office talk about gun reform
go look on their websites and make sure
that they're gonna put into effect what
you want them to put into effect and any
type of topic do you have a way of
tracking who votes and who doesn't like
like do you have metrics yourself you
have targets for yourself about getting
people to the polls you know we you know
we want to create non voters in to
voters all right we're not going to
specific demographics of people who are
not going to specific voters we're
trying to reach a large group of
Americans that just don't have
confidence or have lost hope more than
half of Americans let's just be clear I
can hit terms it's the majority of
eligible voters do not vote yeah but
there's a reason to that right Chris you
know there's a lot of voter suppression
that goes on especially in the state of
Texas right there's a lot of people who
are not educated about you know when
they have to vote and and when you know
they have to you know even even register
the deadline I saw this crazy thing that
millennia what young people don't vote
because they think they're not educated
enough like they think I sent this poll
we're like a lot of Millennials like
well I don't I'm not smart enough about
the issues to vote it's like no no
you're an American like you're an
American you could totally go like
that's the whole point I mean here's a
plane you know this goes deeper you know
it goes into our education system yeah
I'm gonna make sure that we implement
you know curriculum that teaches people
how to be civically engaged and teach
them how to how to vote you know and
once we get to that point in this
country where you know we're actually
trying to get people out to vote and not
suppress them they won't have you know a
better functioning you know democratic
process in this country and if they're
you know people who feel like they are
not smart enough to vote that's because
the system is progressively pushing
people down and making you feel like
this process is too difficult you don't
have any place in it yes we do we all do
created this so that we have a
representative democracy and if we it's
not representative then we need to
continue to change that by voting and
actually getting out there all right
have a Gonzales Ramon Contreras thank
you very much that was awesome
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
