let's turn back now to the rudy guiliani
comments joining us now New York Times
reporter Michael Schmidt and Michael you
have new reporting on how trump's legal
team has shifted their conversations
with special counsel muller of course
rudy the comments were focused on as him
calling the investigation corrupt
michael so if you take a larger look at
what's gone on since april when Rudy
came on they've become much more
aggressive publicly and privately with
Muller the White House has basically
tried to put guardrails on an interview
with John Kelly before under the
previous regime of the president's
lawyers they would allow any White House
official to meet with the special
counsels office they provided them with
a lot of documents this is part of this
new body posture that the president
wanted to have towards the Muller
investigation and we see it playing out
constantly with Rudy who goes out and
throws a lot of different things at the
wall for the President on the
investigation and what about what John
Dowd told the New York Times
specifically about swinging public
opinion well so what what has gone on
here is that the president's lawyers
have concluded that the only threat that
they think he has is impeachment they
don't think he will be indicted by
Muller they don't think he has any other
exposure so what they have tried to do
is move public opinion in their favor
because they realized that the only
thing that they could really face would
be a vote in the House of
Representatives and that vote would be
based on pub the public sentiment and if
you look at polls that have come out or
one that came out at the end of last
week the the favorability for the
president in this has really increased
and there are a lot of questions out
there about Muller 45% of the country
saying that they have an unfavorable
view of the special counsels
investigation up 14 points from earlier
this year from January and that's a
significant movement for the president
on this issue and they think if Rudy
continues to pound the way he has
publicly they can continue to erode any
type of confidence there is in the
investigation Mike Barnicle Michael
Giuliani seems to have indicated that he
and the defense team have
you everyone whom Allah and his team
have interviewed according to your
reporting do you think that's accurate
I'm not sure that that's true I don't
think that the president's lawyers have
sat down and actually interviewed many
of these officials what I think has gone
on is there are often discussions
between the lawyers for witnesses and
the president's lawyers through these
joint defense agreements in which they
learn some insights into what is
discussed in the meetings with Muller
but I find it hard to believe that the
lawyers would allow for their clients
the witnesses to sit down with the
president's lawyers to be interviewed I
don't I haven't seen much evidence of
that
Casey Mike it's your sense of the legal
team's view of a potential showdown over
his testimony something that they think
that they could win as in do they think
that getting into a back-and-forth over
a subpoena to get his testimony would be
something that they could win in the
court of public opinion as well or are
they trying to avoid that entirely they
think it's a coin flip whether they
could win it or not they think it's
basically 50/50 what it would do let's
say if Muller said okay enough of this
back-and-forth we have to remember the
negotiations over this interview but
going on for six months the president's
lawyers have said they're about two
weeks away from a decision multiple
times over that period of time
so if Muller went ahead and subpoenaed
the president there would be a fight in
court about it probably ultimately go
off to the Supreme Court and from the
president's side a lot of folks think
that's a good thing for him because it
would bring this argument even more into
the public and it would make it even
more of an issue and Muller would have
to sort of defend his investigation and
face the risk of losing a subpoena fight
and not being able to compel the
president to testify now on the other
hand if you're Muller and you're doing
an investigation into the president's
intent what was the president's intent
when he fired call me what was his
intent when he took all these different
measures in regards to obstruction you'd
really need to know what's in his mind
Muller told Dowd earlier this year that
he needs to ask the president why did he
do these things and if Muller is going
to finish that investigation you would
think he'd want to question the
president about it all right Michael
Schmidt as always thank you so much for
being with us we really really
appreciate it
you know Mike I'm reminded at the end of
one of the great scenes in movies end of
absence of malice where Wilford Brimley
sitting there talking about subpoenas
yeah wonderful things we can either talk
about it here or I can we can go up and
give the judges apini
you can start talking then yeah they all
started talking
Moeller can get one of those subpoenas
and the United States Supreme Court
gonna say look good ice I mean maybe
they will this is the Curt Flood example
yeah you you never want to test it out
because if you do then you open up free
agency for everybody if there's a smart
lawyer around Donald Trump he will say
we do not want to start a series of
challenges that we will lose well he has
a smart lawyer Joe I mean Emmitt flood
is the smartest lawyer who knows that
just as Bill Clinton was forced to
testify related to a relationship with
an intern chances are good the Supreme
Court is going to give an independent
counsel appointed by the Justice
Department the opportunity to talk to
the President of the United States under
oath in this case as it pertains to the
2016 election and what the pros about
arity obstruction of justice in their
national security and Russia trying to
interfere in the 2016 race yeah I mean
we have two tracks going on here you
just referred to both of them you have
Emmitt flood internally in the White
House a very smart lawyer knowing that
his client the president of States but
not ever to testify before Bob Mullen
and you've got Rudy Giuliani on the
outside playing a very public track a
foolish track the internal tension at
some point within the White House
between these between them I can't even
imagine yeah but then that blood has to
be again he's from everything we've
heard a very very competent bright
attorney he knows that at the end of the
day
the Supreme Court is going to allow
Muller right to sit down and talk to him
sure so you don't want to challenge you
don't want to challenge Muller on this
cuz Muller will win it what'd you wish
for
yeah there is that you know I do wonder
though what does Donald Trump think Nika
know about having this attorney he's
done it yet again he's surrounded
himself with an attorney who thinks that
he's too stupid to sit down with robert
muller just because Mahler went to
Princeton right was the st. Paul's guy
he's really smart
yes yeah but the president says he's
smart too I know and that he he'd relies
on his own brain but but but again he's
got an attorney who thinks he's too
stupid to sit down man-to-man across the
table with Robert well now I know Donald
Trump didn't go to an Ivy League school
for four years
and maybe he's really insecure about
that but I wouldn't think he would be
scared why is he so scared to sit down
across the table from robert muller does
he think that Muller is that much
smarter than he is does he think he's so
stupid because everybody around Donald
Trump thinks that he's so stupid that he
shouldn't talk that that if he talks
that that robert muller would tricky my
again if i'm president Express in the
United States yeah and everybody thought
he was too stupid to get elected
president in the States now we've got a
poll around him as president United
States who thinks that Donald Trump is
too dumb who's too stupid to idiotic to
sit down across the table from robert
muller and from president united states
i would be insulted by that Richard II
be insulted by that if you had people
working for you thought you were too
stupid to sit down and talk to Robert
Muller no you what exactly would you
would you work with people who think
you're too stupid to sit down and talk
to Robert and Lawler you know I think
many of the people around the president
totally miss Reid Bob Moore
that's not the question I asked if you
had people that worked for you that
thought you were too stupid they might
be right well I'm just saying if I were
Donald Trump yeah I'd be so I know he
went to st. Paul's and I know Donald
Trump didn't I know that he went to
Princeton and Donald Trump didn't go to
an Ivy League school for a couple years
yeah once a great school but he only got
in for two years I guess his dad must
have given some money or something I
don't know but I do know that Donald
Trump says he's really smart and if
you're present the United States and
you're still surrounded by people that
think you're too stupid to talk to
Robert and Waller it might be time to
get rid of those people well there's not
a lot there so it makes me it just makes
me sad is there another Arnold Trump can
do to prove that he's not dumb to these
people that he hires well they keep
leaving you know anyhow
still ahead I think he's smart enough to
talk to Robert Muller I mean he's quick
on his feet no I mean you've seen him at
those rallies Oh Mike I didn't see you
at the rallies makespan up but he draws
people at rally I mean nothing Elton
John and now he draws all those people
all those people know he's smart do you
think those people that he talks who
thinks he's too stupid to know they'd
say be a man yeah well they do you think
he's not gonna be a man because some
some pointy-headed liberal lawyer that
he's hired whoever it may be in there
st. he's too dumb to talk to Robert
Muller makes me sad it's not that oh
yeah he knows that he would shrink in
front of Muller because Muller
everything he ever wanted oh no now
Donald Trump Donald Trump will tell you
he's smart he's very smart
still ahead president Trump is expected
to announce this I'd be in swing today
he'd be so insulted if I had a lawyer
cell now you two dumb Joe to talk to
anybody
according to NBC News there are four
candidates he's seriously considering
and Trump is focused primarily on to
Atlanta have to do that's next
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
