now to the russia investigation where
president Trump's legal team continued
to put off the possibility of an
interview with special counsel robert
muller with the president's lawyers
setting new conditions for the sit-down
rudy giuliani told the New York Times
quote if they can come to us and show us
the basis and that it's legitimate and
that they have uncovered something we
can go from there and assess their
objectivity Giuliani urged the special
counsel don't you like that somebody
that's being investigated says show it
cards in your hands we're setting the
terms and then we will decide whether
you're being objective or not
when when of course they're all
panicking Rudi lead panikker look make
the president look foolish yesterday you
might as well have just worn something
on his forehead saying we're scared to
death of cohen because they have
completely lost their nerve Giuliani
urged the special counsel to wrap up his
inquiry and write an investigative
report saying that Trump's lawyers plan
to write their own summary of the case
Giuliani addressed the subject again
yesterday calling the probe the most
corrupt he had ever seen
have you simply determined that the
president is not going to sit down for
me we have not we're close to
determining that Georgia he wants to
testify he believed I had to believe
that any more of this mayor well it's
hard to believe given all the things
that have been shown about how tainted
this investigation is this is the most
corrupt investigation I have ever seen
that the just primer is allowing to go
forward it would be breathtaking if he
had not declined himself such a long
time ago he will tell you that he's been
knighted by the Queen of England the
Queen of England would probably tell you
she wishes she could have her knighthood
back but since Rudy mentioned most
corrupt let's take a better look and
some examples of corruption after about
a year and a half in the White House
here's a snapshot of Donald Trump and
his administration that Rudy Giuliani is
claiming to be this is this this moral
beacon for the rest of the world
Robert molars investigations brought
charges against
or X Trump advisers top Trump political
advisors including his former campaign
chief was now sitting in jail after
allegations of witness tampering after
his own indictments on fraud false
statements and foreign lunt laundering
of money yeah that's what you call
corrupt Rudi or maybe the fact that his
ex national security adviser Michael
Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to
investigators top campaign aide and
transition official Rick gates also
pleaded to conspiracy and lying to
investigators and foreign policy adviser
George papadopolis pleaded guilty to
misleading investigators about you
guessed it his contacts with the
Bulgarians no with the Russians claiming
to have dirt on Clinton in some for of
Donald Trump's Wow hand-picked ex
advisors one of his lawyers one of his
digital marketing strategists 14 Russian
nationalists three Russian companies and
five guilty pleas in all all connected
to Donald Trump his campaign his
organization the election of 2016 not
three months ago today
federal investigators raided the office
of the president's longtime fixer
Michael Cohen Donald Trump called
disgraceful in an attack on our country
it's fine that's not what Cohen said
because Cohen said the FBI treated him
with the utmost respect interesting but
the court item said the items that were
seized were all fair game and yielded
1.3 million items of material for the
government that's almost all of it fair
game and Cohen helped by the silence of
a porn star in the final weeks of the
2016 election which the president denied
knowledge of until his lawyer said he
funneled the money to Cohen and Cohen
was also involved in another RNC
officials payment to a woman who became
pregnant didn't want to continue with it
turning to the president's business
within weeks of the election the
president paid twenty five million
dollars in the Trump University
class-action lawsuit to people who said
they were built by his promises corrupt
Rudy have you had enough yet you're
talking about the most corrupt you
easily the most corrupt president the
first year and a half of his presidency
easily but the corruption
it continues Rudy this is a counselor to
the president urged TV viewers to go by
Ivanka's stuff go by Ivanka stuff and
did it from the White House lawn now I'm
sure some people out there say that's
what you do about nothing well only if
government ethics is much ado about
nothing because they guarantee you a lot
of other people would have been thrown
in jail if they had done the same thing
also as we talked about corrupt Rudy the
most corrupt effort you really shouldn't
go around saying for things like that
about a marine who's a war hero who
served this country Abele and protected
us after 9/11 that was him and unlike
you he hasn't but clowned himself since
9/11 you know Rudy the Washington Post
blew apart Trump's claims about giving
millions of dollars to charity fighting
less than ten thousand dollars over a
seven-year period even a hung on to
money donated for veterans until
reporters pressured him to actually give
it to veterans his campaign manager
allegedly directed the use of some
foundation money before the Iowa
caucuses leading New York tourney's the
New York tourney in general to sue to
dissolve it and the Palm Beach Post
reports that Trump's Foundation donated
over 700,000 to charities who then
turned around and put the money right
back into trumps pocket rating his
Florida Club some Rudy would call that
corrupt and a misuse of power but you
know Rudy there's so much corruption to
go around and you brought this up you
open the door so let's all just merrily
walk through it this Monday morning back
to the administration forbes has been
uncovering scandals involving Commerce
Secretary Wilbert Ross who is now saying
his signed statements claiming to divest
in stocks were actually just
misunderstandings that's what he was
awake the administration official says
he's only good till about a
than a.m. in the morning then he starts
to nod off but let me tell you in those
hours that he's still awake
whoo the corruption swirls all around
him senators have asked for an
investigation into insider trading based
on their reporting and then of course
there's interior secretary Ryan sinking
he spent $139,000 on three sets of doors
in his office yes friends you too can
have not only his gold collection but
also with his face on it but also three
doors three doors for one hundred and
thirty nine thousand dollars oh wait now
you can't because that's coming from
your pockets that's your hard-earned tax
dollars
you work hard so this corrupt
administration can buy three doors for
140,000 dollars now Zinke denied having
a role in a friend from his montana home
town getting a 300 million dollar
contract to restore power to puerto rico
you remember that where five thousand
people died if you don't remember that
there's good reason because this is the
most corrupt administration in the
history of our lifetime certainly over
the first year and a half because we
can't forget HHS Secretary Tom Price
he'd build you the taxpayer for dozens
of private jets before he resigned and
then of course there's Scott Pruett okay
you two--you the taxpayer and your
taxpayer money is no object in this
pursuit of luxury living before
reporters caught on Pruett flew
exclusively first class and sent aides
on personal tasks like searching for a
$200,000 a year's salary for his wife or
a used Trump Hotel mattress and also vet
chick-fil-a franchise he wanted for his
wife and brood saw no problem saving
money and a sweetheart deal for a condo
tied to a lobbyist with business before
the EPA they lied about that by the way
time and time and time again until
reporters oh yeah you know you call it
the fake news media they actually
uncovered the fake news which was lies
from the Trump administration while
Pruett also was spending forty three
thousand dollars for a soundproof
buthe a fleet of 19 vehicles a request
for bulletproof seat cover and a 19
agent security detail who he tasked with
picking up his dry cleaning and fetching
fancy lotion from the Ritz Carlton and
by the way we didn't even talk about we
didn't even talk about the president's
hotels and the millions and millions and
millions of dollars he has made from
people trying to get on the right side
of this administration that will go down
in history Rudy and I say I so thank you
for opening the door yeah and talking
about the most corrupt because we
certainly know that robert muller is not
corrupt we certainly know he's a marine
a war hero a guy who like Donald Trump
didn't skip out on serving this country
claiming deferments and bone spurs of
course robert muller was fighting in the
jungles of Vietnam while Donald Trump
was graduating from an Ivy League
university on the same day that dozens
of Americans were killed we know we know
who's corrupt here and we know who's not
corrupt here we just want to thank you
for reminding us of all the corrupt
things the guy that you're shaming
yourself Farr was engaged in over the
over the past year and a half and here's
an amazing thing it's only a year and a
half and Rudy you know how things get
when somebody's out of power
can you imagine what we're going to find
about Donald Trump when he's out of the
White House and you're out there
shilling for him attacking an American
hero attacking a Vietnam hero attacking
the men and women of the Justice
Department attacking the men and women
of the FBI attacking the men and women
the professionals who every single day
are working around the clock to keep all
of us taxpayers across America safe
good job Rudy thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can
collect
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
