conversations in the locker room are a
lot different than someone coming up to
you and saying there was some kind of
abuse I never saw never heard of never
was told about any type of abuse if I
had been I would have dealt with it our
coaching staff we would have dealt with
these were our student-athletes
Congressman Jim Jordan is adamantly
denying growing allegations surrounding
his time as assistant wrestling coach at
Ohio State University the Washington
Post reports that seven former wrestlers
at OSU have come forward alleging that
Jordan ignored complaints of sexual
abuse by the team's doctor during the
late 1980s and 90s meanwhile two former
team members told the post they believe
Jordans claims that he did not know
about any misconduct and congressman
Jordan a staunch supporter of Donald
Trump is getting some of that support
back Trump told reporters on Thursday
quote I believe him a hundred percent no
question in my mind I believe Jim Jordan
hundred percent he's an outstanding man
Katyn his back with me alright Katyn
according the NBC news report that came
up this week one of the wrestlers that
was at OSU when he was assistant coach
named Sean Daly said that he was groped
about a half a dozen times by doctor
Richard Strauss in the mid 1990s when
Jordan was the assistant wrestling coach
Daly said he was too embarrassed to
report they views directly to Jordan at
the time but said that Jordan took part
in conversations where Strauss is
abusive many team members came up and
one more clip from that report the guy
another person said I participated with
Jimmy and the other wrestlers in locker
room talk that named that phrase again
about Strauss we all did it was very
common knowledge in the locker room that
if he went to dr. Strauss for anything
he would have to pull your pants down I
mean if this was a Democrat I suspect
all first of all it will be on it would
be like top story every day probably and
he would miss that Democrat would be in
some political jeopardy why is it that
with seven people coming out and saying
that Jim Jordan knew of sexual abuse at
OSU he doesn't seem to be in any
political jeopardy at all well you know
Jim Jordans district in Ohio the 4th
district in Ohio is is equivalent to the
Trey Gowdy's district in South Carolina
it's a very conservative district he's
won every election by overwhelming
numbers and and my calls into Ohio last
night in this morning where he's he's
solid he will be a congressman after the
No
remember race so that's the politics of
it are that he's in he's in great shape
in his district now he in the freedom
caucus that's another story how this
plays out and whether it becomes a
lawsuit or any litigation or whether
Ohio State's investigation that they of
turn any wrongdoing will matter but
right now it seems to matter to the
people of Ohio Ohio State University and
the freedom caucus do I thank the
speaker's race and Jim being a candidate
to be speaker is wrapped up in this I
mean nothing in politics happens by
itself I'm not giving a conspiracy
theory here Joey but as far as the
Republican Party is concerned and the
Republican votes he's gonna win in
November and that will dispel some of
the Republican concerns of this or
whether he had in charge of it or
whether he condoned it which no one
thinks he did as a as a well-known star
n-c-double-a winner in the wrestling
competitions so I get the story it's an
uncomfortable story to talk about it's
an uncomfortable thing but but but and
I'm not familiar with the wrestling
world or what goes on in these saunas
but at the end of the day Jim Jordans
political future is pretty safe well
whether he's standing in the car freedom
caucus changes or whether we don't have
time because there is something about it
that sort of is reminiscent of for way
more the base of this party doesn't care
about pretty serious allegations in this
that involved children he's turned he is
accusing those who are bringing this out
he's attacking them he's attacking the
accusers and he's also claiming that
it's politically motivated and that
that's all has to do with the Muller
probe so it feels a bit Roy morass
what's going on in the base of the
Republican Party that allegations of
sexual abuse against children are sort
of dismissed out of hand by the party of
conservative Christianity it is it is a
weird thing well I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna classify 18 19 20 21 year old
young men as children so second of all
it seems there were young there were cut
there were consequences in the room or
more that they were Republicans stayed
home and didn't didn't go vote it's
still overwhelming
more more one overwhelmingly among
Republicans it's just that more
Democrats voted they did in the primary
and as the information came out and got
greater he got beat in a place that no
one should have lost no Republican
should have ever lost a US Senate seat
it's just that more Democrats and
independents voted than Republicans if
you just break down the Roy Moore race
and by the way we should make it clear
Jim Jordan is not accused of sexually
abusing anyone
he's accused of potentially knowing
about it not doing anything about so it
isn't the same as Roy Moore but in the
case of Roy Moore he really
overwhelmingly won Republicans it just
did they'd there were more Democrats and
independents he certainly did you lose a
US Senate seat and that had an awful lot
to do it and do you think Jordan will
have any consequences for in this case
being alleged to have known about this
abuse and I've done anything I don't see
the similarities between the two and I
think that Jimmy will certainly be
successful in the fall and he will be a
player in the freedom caucus and how
this how this turns out the Ohio State
investigation I think will will probably
put some some sunlight on this issue but
again I'm not willing to condemn
congressman the congressman at this time
I will we'll see how it plays out but it
is it is suspect to me all of this is
out as soon as Jimmy but starts really
making a move towards the Speaker's
chair right all right well we will
you'll I guess we will continue to cover
this and see how it plays out Kate
Dawson think you were munching he'll be
back in our next hour more aim Drive
great hey thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there for more am joy
and the rest of MSNBC and click on any
of the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
