well now we believe the number of
devices is ten authorities tell us they
have now found another of these packages
also addressed to Vice President Biden
this time at another facility in
Delaware at a postal facility in
Wilmington Delaware the earlier one you
may we talked we talked about a while
ago was found early this morning in New
Castle Delaware now we're told another
one has been found I think you're
looking at the New Castle pictures here
yeah and now we're told that they have
found another device similar to the all
the others also address to Vice
President Biden so to a former Vice
President Biden so that would be to to
him now that's not the only time that
two packages were addressed to the same
person you may recall that authorities
now say that two were addressed to
congresswoman Maxine Waters one at her
office that was found at the new
off-site Mail facility outside
Washington DC were mailed at Congress is
screened and another at her office in LA
so now two packages addressed to Vice
President Biden this brings us the
number of packages now to ten
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
