thing one tonight Great Falls Montana
was the scene of Donald Trump's latest
publicly-funded ego boosting campaign
style presidential rally ostensibly
Trump was there to drum up support for a
pair of Republican crashing elect
candidates one of whom you'll remember
assaulted a reporter then lied about it
but as usual the president managed to
find time to talk up himself
I wrote bestsellers I guess I speak well
you know we turned away thousands of
people they never say I'm a great
speaker why the hell do so many people
come
it is true the president does turn out
crowds of Magha fans the ghostwritten
art of the deal was indeed a best-seller
but that bit about him speaking well
well I'm gonna let you be the judge and
that's sing too in 60 seconds president
Trump's fans will cheer just about
anything he says even his latest claim
last night that he's quote a great
speaker now just take a listen to what
came out of the president's mouth after
that I have broken more Elton John
records he seems to have a lot of
records and we beat and I by the way I
don't have a musical instrument I don't
have a guitar or an organ no organ Elton
has an organ and lots of other people
helping no we broke it a lot of wreck we
broke in virtually every record because
you know look I only need this face they
need much more wrong for basketball for
hockey for all the sports they need a
lot of room we don't need it we have
people in that space so we break all
these records but really we do it
without like the musical instruments
this is the only musical the mouth it's
and hopefully the brain attached to the
mouth right the brain more important
than the mouth is the brain the brain is
much more important now I just want to
make sure you got all of that quote so
we break all of these records really we
do it without like the musical
instruments this is the only musical the
mouth and hopefully the brain is
attached to the mouth right the brain
more important than the mouth is the
brain the brain is much more important
end quote
truly a great speaker hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
