I've spoken of a thousand points of
light of all the community organizations
that are spread like stars throughout
the nation doing good we will work hand
in hand encouraging sometimes leading
sometimes being led
now all the rhetoric you see is a
thousand points of light what the hell
was that by the way thousand points of
light what did that mean does anyone
know I know one thing make America great
again we understand putting America
first
we understood thousand points of light I
never quite got that one it's kind of ok
what the hell is that
has anyone ever figured that one out it
was put up by a Republican wasn't I'm
sorry it's called decency and you
wouldn't recognize it if it spoke
Russian that was Donald Trump bashing
the 41st president of the United States
of America for his charity that's right
it is not a surprise that Donald Trump
doesn't understand what points of light
might mean light of course being a
symbol of truth and of goodness but
that's exactly what he's attacking here
that's what Trump is attacking he's
attacking goodness why is he doing that
he's doing that because he doesn't want
to be held accountable for his depravity
in fact he needs a situation a world a
country in which he's rewarded for that
the other thing I would say about this
that I think is worth watching very
closely is that the president in doing
this is attacking a symbol of Republican
past and I would say one that
Republicans should should be proud of
president Democratic president awarded
George HW Bush the Presidential Medal of
Freedom no I think the 41st president at
this point is sort of held in high
regard by people on both that's right
now President Trump has attacked two
other Republicans that used to be held
in high regard by the party before of
course he attacked McCain last night he
had done it before he attacked Mitt
Romney the party's nominee once upon a
time these are people who garnered
tremendous support among the with the
party but to attack a former Republican
president that way is something
different and and what I think we need
to watch is what the reaction of his
base is now if you watch that clip again
you'll notice that the crowd doesn't
really give him the same applause normal
does but over time I think the Trump
will will want to disassociate the party
from its past leaders that it respected
even Reagan and he will do that to
complete his taking control of the party
and and that's a that'll be a scary
thing but it's something to watch he's
not quite there yet but he's moving in
that direction
and I think this is where he out foxes
Fox I mean the 41st president was was
was closed for a period of years with
Roger Ailes then now late and extremely
polarizing and controversial a head of
Fox News but but Trump is is grosser
than even some of his closest allies in
the far wat right and fringy right media
that's right but is there any reason to
suspect they won't go with him I mean
there's been very surprised tonight if
Sean Hannity defends the attacks on the
41st president's charity sure but I
would equally a surprise if he actually
condemns them either he probably just
lets it go but yes it's a call to
service and I think that's one thousand
points of light says and I think that
this you know I've Curie let us know
where you stand on tweet me text me
there another clip tonight I love it
when you do this this president you know
looked at it I think two reasons as you
said to disassociate the Republican
Party's path from himself Brickley the
Bush family of course he does not like
George HW Walker Bush did not support
him of course in 2016 but also he sees
it as branding like that that to me is
the exhaustive base instinct make
America great again that's my slogan any
other slogan not as good any other
charity or act of kindness not good last
word to you Kimberly Atkins yeah I mean
I think Jonathan is right I think the
biggest thing here is that the Bush's
did not support Trump Trump remembers
that he remembers that sort of a lack of
support whereas you've seen historically
Bill Clinton and George HW Bush work
together or Barack Obama sit with George
W Bush you won't see that sort of
respect given from one president to
another and this and I thought I saw
Melania Trump sit with all the former
presidents that she looked really happy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
