after months of controversy scandals and
potential ethics violations EPA
Administrator Scott Pruitt has resigned
he's considered one of the more
impactful members of the Trump
administration and leaves behind a
legacy of much more than just negative
headlines let's take a closer look at
Scott Pruitt's legacy at the EPA Pruett
made moves to repeal a rule which
limited greenhouse gas emissions from
coal power plants he announced the
decision with senator Mitch McConnell in
Kentucky telling the audience of Coal
Miner's quote the war against coal is
over he suspended a controversial
portion of the clean water rule which
gives the EPA authority over certain
small lakes and rivers many rural
farmers bristled at the rule because it
held them responsible for runoff
pollution in streams on their property
in a high-profile speech Pruitt
announced his intention to rollback
Obama era fuel efficiency standards
that's the signature achievement of the
previous administration Pruitt's
justification the standards were
politically charged and too high and
let's not forget forget perhaps the most
important decision of Pruitt's tenure
lobbying President Trump to withdraw
from the Paris climate Accord a global
agreement to fight climate change you
may notice a recurring theme here Pruitt
took steps toward a number of impactful
decisions without ultimately following
through that's where this man comes in
acting EPA head Andrew wheeler he's a
former coal lobbyist as president Trump
said in a tweet yesterday quote I have
no doubt that Andy will continue on with
our great and lasting EPA agenda
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
