the trade war is not just impacting Wall
Street all across the country American
workers are feeling direct effects of
the rising tariffs take Maine where a
new 25% tariff from China is threatening
the billion-dollar lobster industry and
thousands of workers across the state
NBC's Vaughn Hilliard is in Freeport
Maine where he caught up with lobster
fishermen directly impacted by this
escalating trade war Vaughn what are you
hearing from the folks there on the
ground yeah good morning Chris this is
an industry that is very much in this
very moment at this time feeling that
impact of the tariffs that have been
placed down from China as part of this
trade war 25% additional tariffs has
been placed on us lobster to give you an
idea 20 % of lobster exports here from
Maine go to where they go to China we've
been out here the last couple days
talking to fishermen lobster men to
distributors asking about the actual
impact that they are presently seeing
one of those individuals we talked to
was Mark Murrow
to give you an idea July 4th is the
start of high season here July in August
lobsters are in the water they're coming
up onto these boats and they're looking
for places to sell mark Worrell I asked
him about that very much in that VAT and
they asked him about that impact well
potentially is crippling from the local
economy
if it goes through and we're actually no
longer exporting substantial amounts of
lobster to China then we have to work
fast and figure out how do we fill the
gap I just spent three months with the
potential new buyer in Shanghai that
wanted 40,000 pounds a week and then
when the tariffs scare came reality now
talks really slowed down and now it's
radio silence what would be your message
to President Trump in this
administration be more thoughtful you
know and asked in the end person right
that's the source you know if this goes
through it might get ugly for a while
I'm hopeful that what he's doing is
gonna end up in the long run being great
for everyone but right now how confident
are you that that's gonna be not not
very so give me an idea it's kind of
similar to what we've heard from Idaho
potato farmers and pork producers in
Iowa the lobster industry here was
actually doing quite well in just the
last three years the amount of lobsters
exported to China Chris had triple they
talked to a one crop of one-one
fishermen yesterday and he said that he
puts out about 50,000 pounds of lobsters
a year he said every single day the
price of lobster changes if there's a
dime drop in price he goes that's 5,000
dollars he's 29 years old that he says
that's not insignificant frankly the
ones getting the raw end of the deal
right now are those involved in the
lobster industry here in Maine and as
you just heard from mark there they have
little confidence and they've been given
very little reason to believe that
anything is gonna change in the future
Vaughan who's been on the road reporting
these stories and thank you for that
because we need to keep driving home how
much on the ground real world people are
being affected by this thank you Vaughn
I hope you get a nice lobster dinner out
of it at least
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
