the release of the monthly jobs report
let's bring in CNBC's Dominic Chu Dom
how does it look all right so Willie
what we have right now is the non-farm
payrolls the big jobs number coming in
two hundred and thirteen thousand jobs
that's better than the analysts or
economists expectation for one hundred
and ninety five thousand jobs the
unemployment rate though did tick higher
to four percent overall it was three
point eight percent the month before
that average hourly earnings are people
making more money they're making point
two percent more per paycheck on a month
over month basis between May to June
however that also represents a two point
seven percent increase on a
year-over-year basis I will also point
out the u6 rate which is what some
people call the underemployment rate
some folks like to look at that as a
better measure of whether or not people
are actually working in the jobs they
want that's at seven point eight percent
the labor force participation rate did
take a little bit higher more people
looking for jobs
sixty two point nine percent a couple of
industries to focus on as well
professional business services added
fifty thousand jobs manufacturing added
thirty six thousand jobs health care
twenty five thousand jobs and
construction thirteen thousand jobs the
notable decline over the course of the
last month with regard to job losses was
in retail where we saw 22,000 jobs loss
you put all of that together and over
the past two months guys between April
and May
the Labor Department did raise their
estimates or raise the number of people
in those two months higher from the
previous reports by around thirty seven
thousand jobs so overall Wall Street is
looking at this as a possible Goldilocks
scenario it does lock into place this
idea that job growth is still happening
and that's the reason why the stock
market futures have ticked higher guys
on the heels of this report okay again
two hundred thirteen thousand jobs added
in the month of June that's a little bit
higher than economists expected this
comes against the backdrop Dom of the
trade war that started at midnight
tonight when those tariffs went into
place from China China responded in kind
President Trump says he's got more
coming down the pike what are the
implications of this back and forth
between these two giant economies I mean
it's the two biggest economies out there
and that's the reason why a lot of folks
are paying such close attention
reason why it's important here is
because the 34 billion dollars worth of
tariffs that went into effect for the
u.s. against China and then that same
exact dollar amount in kind is being
viewed as something that was kind of
priced into the market which is why the
markets aren't selling off wholesale on
this what it comes down to is what the
next steps are for president Trump and
President Xi and China president Trump
has threatened or floated out this idea
that he could go up to 500 billion
dollars worth of Chinese goods now just
to put that in context the entire amount
that that China actually exports to the
United States is around 500 some billion
dollars in goods that's what it was in
2017 the reason why this could be an
interesting development is because we
don't we import a lot of stuff from
China but China doesn't import nearly
the amount of stuff from front from us
so when we talk about this escalation of
a trade war we have the ability
theoretically the United States in
taxing a whole heck of a lot more
Chinese Goods than they do for ours so
the question becomes what the next real
step is here thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
