I'm meeting with President Putin next
week now they're saying it with Putin
well Putin is highly prepared and Trump
will he be prepared for the meeting
trust me will do just fine
and I might even end up having a good
relationship but they're going well
president Trump be prepared you know
person of Boonton is KGB and this said
that you know what Putin's fine he's
fine
we're all fine with people will I be
prepared totally prepared I've been
prepared for this stuff my whole life
they don't say that White House today
confirmed the president Trump will be
speaking one-on-one with Russian
President Vladimir Putin during their
July 16th summit in Finland the
administration says the president will
quote continue to hold Russia
accountable for its malign activity the
official said that could include
election interference as well as
Russia's military activities in Ukraine
but once the two men are alone there's
no telling what really will be discussed
there's no plan to have a note-taker
anyone else in that room that this week
a delegation of Republican senators seen
here traveled to Moscow to meet with the
Russian Foreign Minister and his staff
they said they were there to help lay
the groundwork for the upcoming summit
The Washington Post reports the
Republicans sounded a quote newly
conciliatory tone in their meetings with
the Russians the paper quotes one
Russian official as saying the meeting
was one of the easiest ones in my life
here's how one of the Republican
senators who was in that delegation
described the talks it was a productive
visit but we sent a very strong message
in a direct message to the Russian
government first of all don't interfere
in u.s. elections earlier this this
evening on this network former CIA
director John Brennan said he's worried
about the Senators Moscow visit what it
could mean for the Trump Putin sit down
the perception is that they are giving
in at this point to the Russians to just
pave the way for the Trump Putin summit
by having this delegation out in Moscow
right now it's not sending a signal to
Russia that there going to be costs to
pay for any type of you know continued
interference it's going to be we're
going to forgive and forget
Malcom Nance is a longtime US Armed
Forces veteran of intelligence and
counterterrorism he joins us tonight his
latest book the plot to destroy
democracy how Putin and his spies are
undermining America and dismantling the
west debuted at number nine on the New
York Times bestsellers list and Brian
Bennett is a senior White House
correspondent for Time magazine welcome
to both of you Malcolm we knew there was
a rally tonight but that one was popcorn
worthy it was it was unusual the
president saying have been prepared for
this all his life and we'll just will do
just fine he does not seem to be heading
into this meeting with the seriousness
that a lot of people think it deserves
no he sort of has this Chamberlain desk
attitudes towards Russia where he's just
going to lay down I mean we already know
that based on his past statements and
he's correct he has been preparing his
entire life for this I mean he went to
the Soviet Union in 1987 trying to get
Trump hotels we know that he was taking
Russian money and was you know selling
real estate to them for years we also
know that in 2013 he met with the top 12
Russian oligarchs and received their
version of events for over two hours and
since that time is been spouting it and
quite I mean quite honestly Donald Trump
is going there to meet with his handler
I mean he you know he's going to he's
going to meet with a guy that he has
been worshipping and admiring for years
not just the last two years and that
doesn't bode well for the United States
I think he's going to lay down on this
one and I think that if they will raise
Russian sanctions within months if not
just by executive Fiat Brian there are
legitimate concerns about the
relationship between Donald Trump and
the Russians a relationship between
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin with
that cloud that continues to be over the
President's head why have a meeting in
which no one else will be present well
it was really interesting that the White
House is so direct saying that only the
two men will be in the room obviously
with with translators if if they want to
have that to make it easier for them to
converse they Donald Trump has said
during
the campaign and since he was elected he
wants to try to have a better
relationship with Russia and a better
relationship with Vladimir Putin in
particular and Donald Trump puts a lot
of stake in his ability to develop a
personal rapport with someone and he
wants to have that time by himself with
Vladimir Putin to try to break through
the tensions that have double the
us-russian relations for the last decade
especially in the Putin era as as Russia
has been backsliding on democratic
values and in invaded Crimea and been a
bad actor in Syria and so Donald Trump
believes that he can fix it and he is
going to be able to sit in the room with
Putin and and come to another a new way
of the u.s. interacting with Russia
you know Malcolm the president says
things like Putin's fine Putin's just
fine journalists have died in Russia
political opponents have died political
opponents have been jailed you know
George Will has written a column about
this summit he said if Trump summit with
Kim could foretell catastrophe with
Putin he said if he does is badly in his
July 16 meeting with Vladimir Putin in
Finland as he did with Kim jong-un and
Singapore the consequences could be
catastrophic it is kind of remarkable
the president continues to downplay not
just the effect that Russia has had in
interference in other elections but the
idea that Vladimir Putin is okay and
he's a good guy to be friend yeah and
Donald Trump obviously in some way shape
or form that is yet to be determined is
in debt to Vladimir Putin today he
normalized the KGB he spoke as if being
a KGB officer career officer their motto
was once KGB always KGB he runs that
country with four top advisers who were
ex KGB and he murders people he invades
our allies he'd subverts American
democracy and Donald Trump today
normalized him just as he normalized the
Nazis in charlottesville this is very
dangerous for American democracy and the
have seven Republican senators go there
to pave the way in this grand
appeasement of Moscow only shows the
Republican Party has surrendered to
Russia and this will hurt this American
constitutional republic seriously John
Brennan was absolutely right let's
listen to something else John Brennan
said a little earlier this evening about
both Donald Trump's approach to North
Korea and Russia mr. Trump is dealing
away whether it beats the North Koreans
are the Russians whatever all of the
things that are in US national interests
and giving them what they want the
Russians will feign sincerity better
than anyone I've ever dealt with in my
life
and so they'd be very careful about
being swept in and I think mr. Trump is
is not sophisticated enough
unfortunately to deal with these foreign
leaders in a manner that is going to
protect us and a security interest Brian
a year and a half ago John McCain and
Lindsey Graham were ceaseless in their
pressure on the president about an
appeasement strategy toward Russia and
now we have Republican senators
basically doing acting as an advance
team for the president what happened to
the Republican Party and its concern
about the Russia that it remembers in
the Cold War well this was something
that Russia has been frustrated with for
months they have heard from Donald Trump
that he wants to have a better
relationship and they felt like they
weren't seeing enough concessions coming
from Congress in particular and so they
wanted to have a high-level delegation
come from Congress to meet in Moscow and
there's a reason that a high-level
delegation hasn't come from Congress to
go to Moscow in the Putin era and that
is because Putin is turns back on
democracy and there is a concern among
lawmakers that by meeting with members
of the the lower and upper house of the
legislature in Moscow that it would be
justifying what is essentially an
undemocratic process of electing those
representatives another thing is that
ambassador kis lack the for the famous
Russian ambassador to the US who had
been on a phone call with with Michael
Flynn president Trump's first National
Security Advisor
during the transition over a a promise
to ease off on sanctions when Donald
Trump became the president ambassador
Kissel Yaak is now a member of the upper
house of representatives in Moscow and
he was in those meetings with those
lawmakers and that's it we would think
that would be a third rail in the in the
political in the public forum for those
lawmakers but he was there he met with
them and we're gonna have to see how if
there's any political ramifications for
those lawmakers for taking this trip
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
