something else very much in the
headlines continued public outrage over
children separated from their parents at
the border a woman scaled the Statue of
Liberty on the 4th of July yesterday in
protest of President Trump's immigration
policy police say the woman had planned
to stay until quote all the children
have been released she was taken into
custody after a two-and-a-half-hour
standoff the president called her out
during that rally going on tonight out
in Montana take a listen
you saw that clown yesterday on the
Statute of Liberty you see the guys that
went up there I wouldn't have done it I
would have said let's get some Nets and
let's wait till she comes to just get
some nets and earlier today president
Trump doubled down on his demand to
deport undocumented immigrants without
due process he wrote on Twitter when
people with or without children enter
our country they must be told to leave
without our country being forced to
endure a long and costly trial tell the
people out and they must leave just as
they would if they were standing on your
front lawn Jim we had a poll we put up
yesterday I think it was yesterday it
might have been two days ago in fact it
was two days ago it had asked a simple
question the president's handling of the
issue of immigration which obviously has
been all over the headlines you approve
or disapprove it was 39 to 58 39
approved 58 disapprove is this hurting
the president not just the president but
the Republican Party as he looked
towards November well I actually looked
toward the Rasmussen poll which was out
last week which pulled about a thousand
likely voters and that's the best
indicator we know from Gallup and other
organizations that the 54% of all voters
think that the parents of these these
illegal immigrant parents are actually
to blame and that the Trump
administration is not to blame the
interesting number out of that Rasmussen
poll was actually 56% of Independence
also thought that I think that's an
alarming number for Democrats who think
that they're doing the right thing by
taking the sharp left turn on
immigration sharp left turn calling for
the abolishment of ice boy it's not my
job to interrupt my opponents while
they're making a mistake as a GOP
strategists but if I were advising
Democrats I would say be very very
careful on this issue then I do
let me ask you this and I want to get
Adrienne on the Democratic side but in
terms of the level of outrage because I
take your point and I've seen some
polling that says when you get away from
the separation issue it's more
complicated but does the separation
issue touch people at a particularly
emotional visceral level in a way that
it outweighs the other issues at work
here no in fact this included the
separation issue this was taken the end
of June the last few days of June when
the separation issue was already a no
what I'm saying what I'm saying is we
know the separation issue polls terribly
then we know that on broader attitudes
towards the border there's a lot more
complexity in public opinion what I'm
asking though is the emotional impact of
seeing children separated from their
parents of reading stories about this is
going on for month after month after
month I have to take a DNA test maybe
now to go see my kid that sort of thing
does that reach people in a way that
nothing else in this issue does well the
numbers don't show that it does and
that's why I say if I were advising
Democrats I would tell them to be very
careful emotionally it might be a good
issue I know the Democrats out there
believe in it but but by the numbers and
that's how I've lived and died at the
ballot box the numbers do not represent
you do you see the numbers I think we're
looking at different polls here the
holes I have seen is that this is the
one issue that is actually gotten into
the dipped into the evangelical base
that has been a stalwart supporter of
trumps since the very beginning since he
announced that he was running for
president this is the one issue that
caused a lot of evangelical voters to
have some major concerns about him
because they cannot they simply cannot
live with the fact that parents are
being separated from their children and
these are parents who are also seeking
asylum yes there of course there are
people who are coming over here
illegally but the majority of the people
as we know that are coming over here are
seeking asylum from horrific situations
and that is where you're seeing a major
major dip into the evangelicals hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
