down to the frantic rescue effort
underway in Thailand for 12 boys and
their soccer coach the team's been
trapped in an underground flooded cave
for 12 days now and a threat of monsoon
rains expected to hit the region at the
end of the week is forcing officials to
consider an evacuation attempt within
days rescuers have said it could take
weeks if not months to get these boys
out let's bring in NBC's Janice Mackey
frere outside the cave in Thailand she's
been following this since the beginning
Janice what is the latest development in
the plans to get them out possibly
before this rain hits well this is a
critical 24 hours L Ally with the heavy
rains that are looming in the forecast
the pumps have been working here 24/7 to
try and get the water out they pumped
out millions of gallons it's thought
that the water level is now at a point
where roughly one mile of the nearly
three mile journey that the boys would
have to make is now walkable there are
other parts where they would be able to
float with the help of the Navy divers
but it's those points where they would
need diving skills that remain the
greatest risk the boys can't swim and
there's also this threat of panic but
there is also a change in energy here
tonight there's a lot more activity
they've been in full preparations behind
me there have been a lot of oxygen
canisters that have been brought in as
well so there is this sense that this is
a limited window of opportunity the
pumps have been lowering the water level
roughly half an inch an hour and once
the rains come they're gonna rise five
times faster the other thing I want to
know a tally is something that the
governor said last night which he
reiterated today is that when this
evacuation attempt does get underway if
it does get underway in the next 48
hours let's say it's not a guarantee
that they would bring all the boys out
at the same time there were two or three
of the boys and the coach who are
apparently not strong enough they're
malnourished they've been underground
for 12 days so they certainly don't want
to take any risks Allie all right
joining Janice and me is ruin rich on
wash on Kuan Yew and he's a volunteer
diver who's been assisting with the
rescue efforts he was on the ground
earlier this week he's now back in
Bangkok standing by ruling Reed can you
explain
to me a bit about what's going on
underneath there and what the challenges
are for divers and rescuers hi Alan the
really the the challenge is the distance
from the interests of the cave and you
to reach to the location where the kids
are at the beginning when it was their
last week when the the the cave is not
fully flooded yet we have to war we have
to walk from the entrance to the third
chamber where that's the the the command
base inside the cave about three
kilometres and then from there we have
to walk another one kilometres inside
for the starting for the first spot
where we start to die but now if the the
cave is fully flooded like + Thursday or
Friday last week the distance is really
increasing from you know from two
kilometers to reach them it will become
five kilometer to reach to them that is
really big challenge but the good news
right now is is the distance from the
entrance of the the cave to the third
chamber mostly dry right now they can
walk in so the that right now the
challenge is just between the location
of the kids to the third chamber that
take about two kilometers and Janice is
the fear that with monsoon rains that
the Pockett that these boys are in is in
danger I mean there is a is there danger
that they're actually gonna run out of
space because of water well from what I
understand I'm sorry oh yeah Janice
first then I'll come back to you room
right okay just to interject there that
is part of the threat is that because
the water levels would rise so fast
probably about six inches an hour in
heavy rains which are inevitable they
are coming there is the sense that what
little comfort the boys have been able
to manage
this cave the bit of higher ground that
they have on this rock shelf would be
quickly erased and that there is the
risk that that chamber could become
fully flooded ruin let's talk about that
the degree to which rescuers are able to
do things to get these boys better able
to help themselves get out with the
assistance of rescuers we know some of
them can't swim
they're going to be have to be
underwater at least for some of the the
rescue some of some of the going out how
much can you train people like that
you're obviously an experienced diver so
this is difficult but normal for you can
they be trained in some way that assists
them in their own rescue well I believe
they can be trained one thing you have
to understand they did they don't need
to be trained to be a scuba diver but
they need to be tamed trained and teach
how to use the equipment to breathe
right so they don't need to swim they
don't need to learn how to swim because
the dive support team will be carrying
them out and support them all the way
through so the key thing that they need
to understand and learn how uses is the
equipment that help them breathe and
make sure that they need to have
understanding the communication between
the support diver and and and the kids
to make sure they're not panic or if
they're panic how do they be able to
support them or how do you react when
the kid is panic in the water so so that
is the risk but if you're talking about
the skill set that they need to learn
it's not that much and impossible to
learn very quickly especially those kids
are the athletes you know they are not a
very small kid they they are a teenager
so I think I believe they can be bequite
very very quickly so ruing where does
somebody who's been inside that cave
what's your best option right now what
do you think the best option is for
getting them out well the best option if
it can choose is you know try to pump
out the water as much as we can if the
water levels go down and still they can
actually walk out or at least floating
out without have to to to scuba dive
that would be the best option
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our
Tube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here
to watch the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more MSNBC for
free every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
