president rumpus says said he wants
legal immigration cut in half because
low-skilled foreign workers are costing
American jobs and wages that is simply
not true when we discussed the
immigration debate in our country
detractors say they fear an influx of
immigrants that leads to a loss in jobs
for native born workers yet take a look
at this we currently have six point
seven million job openings and we have
six point million 6.4 million available
workers to fill them the problem is that
the available workers aren't either
properly trained for the open jobs or
they don't live close to where the jobs
are and if this trend continues it may
indicate that we need more immigration
not less the number of births in the
United States dropped two percent
between 2016 and 2017 to the lowest
fertility rate in 30 years this is
common in almost all developed countries
as people get more prosperous they have
fewer children in fact by 2035 without
immigrants the Centers for Disease
Control estimates that the working age
population in the United States could
drop by almost 8 million from recent
figures we need immigrants to fill the
open jobs in our country unless we all
start having more children and when
immigrants come in they pay taxes the
partnership for a new American economy
studied the louisville metro area in
order to provide an economic snapshot of
foreign-born workers there are similar
studies all over the country but in this
one
immigrants earned one point six billion
dollars in income in 2016 and paid four
hundred and thirty million dollars in
taxes another study from the National
Academies of science engineering and
medicine found that first-generation
immigrants can impose costs on
government but as adults the children of
immigrants turned into the strongest
economic contributors in the u.s.
population paying more in taxes than
even other Americans here's how one
former President framed immigration in
America through this golden door
millions of men and women these families
came here to work they didn't ask what
this country could do for them but what
they could do to make this refuge the
greatest home of freedom in history let
us pledge to each other that we can make
America great again
of course this former President Ronald
Reagan joining me now is senior fellow
at the Center on Budget and Policy
Priorities Jared Bernstein Jared thanks
for being here we've sort of bandied
this topic around but I think we need to
get right into it the headline here is
that there are more jobs than workers
that's a good headline but look 10 or 20
years down the line and that headline is
going to read very differently we're
actually going to be short of workers if
President Trump listening to his
immigration adviser Stephen Miller get
their way we need to solve this problem
of 6.4 million available workers who are
not properly trained for the opening
jobs but in fact without immigration
America suffers yeah I think the key
number you put up there was the point
that without immigration the labor force
would actually shrink by millions okay
there it is so that that is the key
factoid and that has to do with a couple
of things you mentioned the low
fertility rate that's absolutely part of
it but it's also the fact that the baby
boomers and I among whom I count myself
are aging out of the population that
when the baby boomers were in full force
the labor supply was growing at about
two percent per year now it's growing at
about you know half a percent per year
so you know one-fourth that rate and and
that means there's real pressure on the
supply of labor which is a key input to
economic growth basically and this is
something I think our viewers very much
into it the immigration program under
the Trump administration is based purely
on anti-immigration on xenophobia on all
kinds of myths about what immigrants do
and not on sound economics all right in
fact I'm just putting up a graphic here
the Labor Department estimates that the
over 70 population will rise to 30 1.8
million by 2020 that's a 38% increase
from the 2010 number what we need is
young
vibrant workers who pay into the system
we don't have younger workers paying
into things like Social Security and
other things that that really creates a
problem yeah and I think another piece
of that is that as we become more
productive and it's true that
productivity has slowed down but it's
still positive
we may have fewer workers per retiree
but those workers will be more
productive but one way to ensure that we
have more productive workers is to be
more welcoming of immigrants because and
this is again widely misunderstood the
flow of immigrants into this country
over the past 15 years has favored more
skilled immigrants not least skilled the
flows from the less skilled or less
educated South say Mexico have really
flattened yeah and so if you actually
look at the education cum components of
inflowing immigrants they tend to be
more highly educated and more productive
there have been you know Stephen Miller
cites a study from Harvard good the
Borja study which has largely been
debunked to even indicate that
low-skilled workers
and/or refugees people seeking asylum in
in this type of economy that we're in
the economy that 3.8 percent
unemployment economy that we are
actually able to absorb a lot of these
people we need low-skilled immigrants as
well as high-skilled immigrants well
okay so we happen to have a very tight
labor market right now and I agree with
everything you just said but you also
have to have an immigration policy that
can be good for America when the
unemployment rate is higher so you have
to look at immigrant competition with
native-born workers if you want to get
into that part of the argument through
all kinds of labor markets and what we
find is that more often than not
immigrants compliment not substitute for
native-born workers that is they
actually help promote occupational
upgrading for workers who were born here
if anything when they're competing
they're competing with immigrants who
got here before they did hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and high
you can get more MSNBC for free every
day with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
