the 400-pound hacker who Donald Trump
once blamed for meddling in the 2016
election is going to have to make room
for some rogue killers who Donald Trump
today suggested may have killed
Washington Post columnist Jamal
khashoggi the extraordinary claim has
ignited a firestorm of criticism from
Democrats but more importantly it
ignites a crucial line of questioning
into what exactly Donald Trump is
hearing from his own intelligence
community did the CIA director write in
the president's PDB that rogue killers
could have targeted Khashoggi did DNI
Coates tell Donald Trump that rogue
killers are to blame Regina Haspel CIA
director briefed that information to the
president today seems like a very good
day to invite the US intelligence
community to Capitol Hill in open or
closed session to brief members of
Congress on what exactly the u.s.
intelligence community knew about Saudi
Arabia's plan to lure and detain
Khashoggi before he disappeared
especially since the intelligence
community's number-one client is telling
a story that is unlikely to be coming
from his CIA briefers we are going to
leave nothing uncovered with that being
said the King firmly denied any
knowledge of it
really no maybe I don't want to get into
his mind but it sounded to me like maybe
these could have been rogue killers who
knows we're gonna try getting to the
bottom of it very soon but his was a
flat denial it's a message he
underscored in a morning tweet quote
just spoke to the king of Saudi Arabia
who denies any knowledge of whatever may
happen to our Saudi America a Saudi
Arabian citizen he said that they are
working closely with Turkey to find
answer I am immediately sending our
Secretary of State to meet with King and
for president who's had an uneven
relationship with his own intelligence
community it is eerily similar to his
refusal to accept the opinion of the
intelligence community on Russian
meddling I believe that he feels that he
and Russia did not meddle in the
election I have great confidence in my
intelligence people but I will tell you
that President Putin was extremely
strong and powerful in his denial today
I accept our intelligence community's
conclusion in the election Democrats
responded with biting criticism here's
one Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut
who tweeted quote been hearing the
ridiculous rogue killers theory was
where the Saudis would go with this
absolutely extraordinary they were able
to enlist the President of the United
States as their PR agent to flouted and
here's Virginia's Tim Kaine tweeting
quote president Trump's response to
Jamal khashoggi disappearance reveals a
man more willing to trust authoritarian
leaders than reliable intelligence it's
insulting to Jamal's family and
colleagues that this is what's coming
out of the world's most powerful office
we'll talk to another Democrat about
these comments in just a few minutes but
before that let's hear from our
reporters and friends former acting
director of the CIA John McLoughlin
joins us Washington Post White House
bureau chief Phil Rucker Associated
Press White House reporter Jonathan
Lanier
and John Heilemann co-hosts an executive
producer of Showtime's this circus and
NBC and MSNBC national affairs analyst
joins the table let me start with you
director mcLaughlin take me through what
it says that time and time again the
president's reflexive response to any
sort of crisis is to trust the
authoritarian leader telling him
something on the phone before and above
his own intelligence community
well Nicola I think the president has a
severe case of what I've always called
he told me disease in other words many
policymakers have this reaction when a
foreign leader lies to them or tells
them a story that may not be true with
the president Trump it's a kind of
epidemic but we've seen it with course
as you pointed out with President Putin
we've seen it also with Kim jong-un and
and now we see it with the king of Saudi
Arabia I mean just on its face a whole
series of questions arise for example if
these were rote killers who were the
people in those two Gulfstream aircraft
15 or so who were going in and out of
the embassy of the consulate there in
Istanbul so it doesn't make a lot of
sense and I think it's another evidence
that the president is very susceptible
to persuasion by anyone who flatters him
as the Saudis did so magnificently
during his trip there I think that's
what's going on here it's hard for me to
believe that our intelligence community
would have given him that conclusion
okay that's gonna put you on the spot do
you think there's any chance that the
word rogue killers exists in his PDB or
was briefed to him other than for the
intelligence community to describe that
as the Saudis alibi at this hour well of
course the Col I don't know but I would
I would doubt it it may be a theory
going around of course one theory going
around is that this was intended to be
some other kind of operation a rendition
operation or something like that where
they were to swoop in and and
and take him away and it went bad and I
could construct a scenario under which
that could happen but and also I'm
impressed that MBS has really gotten rid
of a person I thought was the most
sophisticated intelligence chief we had
in Saudi Arabia that is Muhammad bin
Nayef
the former crown prince so he's in house
arrest is that correct
he's a house arrest of sorts and so it's
a match it's imaginable to me that Saudi
intelligence can be awfully ham-handed
but that sheer speculation and again how
do we explain you know to aircraft 15
people these reports of bone saws and
all of that uncertain origin those
reports but nonetheless they're out
there so worker can you take me inside
the White House reaction to having their
boss to having the president once again
at odds or we've good reason to believe
that describing the motive or the
scenario that that ended up in the death
and/or disappearance of Jamal khashoggi
is rogue killers the Turks claim to have
audio recordings of his brutal murder
there are US intelligence intercepts of
that we had knowledge that the Saudis
plan to lure him and detain him what
does the White House say when the
president United States takes to the
cameras and talks about rogue killers
well the administration has tried to be
very cautious as they proceed day by day
with this story in part because it's
still unfolding before our eyes you
mentioned the audio and video recordings
that that the Turks are purported to
have showing evidence of khashoggi being
killed at the consulate there the US
government at least as of this weekend
has not seen those recordings the u.s.
does not possess them Trump actually
said that he has requested them and
hopes to see them very soon but has not
seen them yet so they they're not
getting all the information that they
need from our partners in Turkey they're
certainly don't seem to be getting the
full version of the truth from the
Saudis but again what you have is the
president sort of taking a
Warren leader at his word even though
there are indications in the US
intelligence report that he's been seen
that that he has seen and that we've
been reporting on for several days that
there's much more to the story than the
denial that King Salman gave him hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
