good morning and welcome to a special
holiday at an edition of morning
oh-ho-ho I just want you to know that we
are always gracious my Christmas was
great I'm all from a big Christmas
dinner all the church member we did that
and everyone who didn't know we were
joking Happy Hanukkah everybody happy
fourth of July
we're on tape this morning and remember
let's make sure that today we remember
what Labor Day is actually oh my lord
okay so we're on tape this morning but
we are enjoying our special edition of
Morning Joe with us we have New York
Times reporter Jeremy Peters associate
editor for commentary really only gave
us the rock did you notice there like it
was like 15 minutes off for this fourth
of July I know that a lot of times you
know Monday or a Friday yeah so it feels
like you're getting like 30 years off
now it's like Phil says 15 minutes
here's a sparkler go out back the
parking lot in Secaucus you can light it
and then come back well we're happy to
be here also that's senior columnist and
associate editor for The Washington Post
David Ignatius and poets are
prize-winning historian Wow
looming this morning as the soul of
America yes Jon Meacham is the author of
the best-selling book the soul of
America the battle for our better angels
you know Jon can be ash wednesday happy
ever say to you too and let's make sure
we keep the Easter Bunny in eastern
whatever however this goes I don't not
try forth so this is actually I mean
seriously I I understand that like
Hallmark cards or something invented
Mother's Day if anybody were to invent a
holiday for the soul of America it would
be this yes this day the 4th of July but
so very nice of Thomas Jefferson and the
whole gang to be thinking of you ahead
of time yeah it was big it was very
generous the message that
so many people are driven to such
despair over the latest Trump outrage
that it's very easy to forget
instructions me forget of our founders
but instructions from the founders of
the modern conservative movement like
Bill Buckley who said I'm not going to
be troubled by truths arrived at at the
latest ballot box
yesterday's you know at yesterday's
ballot box you know Charles Krauthammer
always told people don't lose your head
stay calm
there is an apocalypse toujours every
year let's keep our head down and keep
our eyes on the prize
that's basically the message of your
book along with the fact that this
battle between our better angels and
some of the worst instincts that that
our country has had it's been going on
for about 240 years absolutely I mean
the the founding we celebrate today was
one that yes the Continental Congress
adopted the Declaration in which
Jefferson wrote what became the most
important sentence in the English
language that we're all called men are
created equal but he had a very clear
idea what was included in that sentence
at the time and the story of the country
has been the slow bloody often tragic
often painful but ultimately successful
attempt to widen that definition and
that to me that's the story of the
country and you could you could say that
sentimental or is Whiggish or whatever
but it also has the virtue of being true
as a simple matter of fact our
immigration issue is that people want to
come here right I mean they're coming to
the border we're not doing very well by
them once they're there in some cases
but by and large the this national
experiment in individual liberty which
was a vital shift in the whole structure
of the West in the 18th century and
moving for
this idea that we had the power to
determine our own destinies not a king
or a pope or a prince or a prelate is
absolutely at the core of what we
commemorate today and it's what drives
the people who are in fact so involved
so engaged with every twist and tweet of
the current era and how interesting
David Ignatius that we keep talking
about a wall they keep people out John
Kennedy at the height of the Cold War
said for all of Democracies failures
we've never had to put up a wall they
keep our people in and in fact now we
have Donald Trump talking about putting
up a wall to keep people out but also
though not just illegal immigrants
unfortunately refugees who Trump's own
government said ad 63 billion dollars to
this country's economy per decade if Joe
July 4 is a is a day that reminds me
that Donald Trump doesn't own patriotism
and he doesn't determine the the
fundamentals that we hold on too tight
today when we think about what July 4th
means America has been the the dream of
the world because of the freedoms that
we've had as a country the generosity
we've had as a people our ability
because we were strong to come to the
aid of others are our values that led us
to do that led us to make commitments to
be open the phrase that we often use to
describe the America that we all grew up
in is the shining city on a hill this
image of this great Republic with its
its wealth its tolerance its generosity
we have a particularly ungenerous person
who's our president now but today's a
day when we think transcend a particular
occupation
the white house and think about what the
country is about and really why it's
still so strong even in this crazy
tumultuous period we're living in yeah
so the question I would have actually
for you given that you've recently wrote
about this is that you know we just
heard David talking about the
fundamentals that we hold tight Jon
Meacham talking about the soul of
America and the fact that we are seen
worldwide as as the dream of the world
although that is changing you are
hearing abroad a different definition of
what America looks like given this
happened
so I guess my my biggest question to you
is while I understand you can't get
ahead of yourself you can't get ahead of
your skis overreact and become shrill
perhaps overcorrect or get caught up in
it do we stand by and just wait for this
to pass by or fight for the fundamentals
that really make us who we are
like the children separated from their
parents at the border or the truth about
the president twists every day or flies
in the faith face up and if we do fight
what does that look like well first of
all again again I keep going back to
Charles Krauthammer but Charles
Krauthammer and his famous the
commencement address in 1993 that he
delivered to his alma mater at McGill
University said don't lose your head
there is an apocalypse toujours I get
that every every few years don't lose
your head you know keep it down and do
your hard work I know what do you do you
know unions have have had a pretty rough
month but they should look back to a guy
who and I know socialists have always
sort of used this phrase but I think guy
named Joe Hill was wrongly convicted of
murder in Utah I think it was a 19-15
and one of the last telegrams he sent
was don't warn organize and so you ask
me what Democrats should do it's what
I've told
Wiccans what mary should do what
independence should do if they want what
to win elections you organize you keep
your head down you knock on doors
you put yard signs in your neighbors
yards and these days you make new
Facebook friends you talk to your
friends in your neighborhood you ask him
if you can drive them to vote and I
think what may happen and Noah sort of
by natural selection it's something I
was telling Mika happened in 1994 when I
showed up in Washington I said like you
know they're all of us that got elected
at the time it was so long ago the
Republican Party would faxes messages
every day that we were supposed to read
I'd tear them up and go out and deliver
the message that I thought was relevant
my methods got em Jack
Metcalf from Washington State who was an
older gentleman shared very little in
common than me except for the fact that
when we first met he goes oh yeah I like
tore those things up too and spoke my
mind you had this natural selection from
the Northwest Florida to you know the
Great Northwest
all across the country these certain
people in 1994 get elected I've got a
feeling that we're seeing that with a
Democratic Party whether you have
somebody who's extraordinarily
progressive in Queens or you have
somebody in the Midwest a Democrat who
gets elected as a you know a woman who's
a retired Air Force punt yeah I mean
it's sort of the good problem to have as
we're in the majority is an idiot
ideological heterogeneous coalition
where everybody doesn't agree on
everything and has big broad divisive
views about issues that's what happened
to the Republican Party after 2010 when
they took over a lot of territory it
became very internally conflicted
because people didn't agree on
everything similarly if Democrats find
themselves back in the majority they'll
have a lot of blue dogs back they'll
have a lot of moderate Democrats that
are going to be a very important wing of
that party that are going to need to be
reconciled it's not all going to be
progressive socialists is just something
progressive socialists don't really want
to reckon with they don't want to hear
that now
I mean to the extent and this is
probably my biggest problem with the
resistance which pays nominal homage to
an insurgent group to a militancy not if
not the loyal opposition and that is a
complete lack of faith in American
institutions and the Constitution itself
to bind and constrain aspiring autocrats
right zealots and it's proven very
effective so far we don't really we
don't really look at and understand and
accept and be thankful for the
institutions that were bequeathed to us
by a group of individuals who believe
that mankind could not be perfected that
mankind was flawed and that his
ambitions need to be channeled and
constrained every revolution that
followed the American one be a Jacobin
Boulevard or Bolshevik did the opposite
and they all failed for a reason well
and you know in this which we probably
should be renaming the Charles
Krauthammer
hour of power I recall a column that he
wrote he was a Trump skeptic deeply deep
the deep Trump skeptic he talked about
all the terrible things that were
happening and it was again he borrowed
from his McGill speech don't lose your
head and he went through how the courts
had responded to Trump's aberrant
behavior
I have the bureaucracy had responded how
Congress had responded how the media had
responded and went down the list and he
ended by simply saying the system lives
and I do think that we have seen for too
long when george w bush's empower
democrats believe the Constitution's
being shredded when barack obama's in
power republicans believe the
Constitution is being shredded when
donald trump is empowered well the
Constitution is being shredded
I'm joking kids but there is a feeling
that the that the constitutional norms
are being endangered now there's a fact
regardless there's a fact
regardless still we have no evidence
that our system that the Madisonian
system of checks and balances are not
great enough to endure even four years
of donald trump no not at all none none
whatsoever and and and that's why often
times you'll hear not just is
that the Constitution is at risk but
American democracy itself is at risk of
collapse under Donald Trump which is a
bit hyperbolic I would say are there
anti-democratic things that he does on a
daily basis yes or his attacks on a Free
Press extremely corrosive to democracy
and and and fact and this whole idea
that now people really are entitled to
their own facts yes all of that is
really troubling what's also really
troubling and and this is a lesson I
that we take from the founding of this
country is that leadership matters there
were people who stepped up and did the
right thing at the time and you see that
now but those people are being thrown
under the bus in the Republican Party
Jeff Flake couldn't run for re-election
because he had the audacity to stand up
to Donald Trump mark Sanford who also
had the audacity to stand up to Donald
Trump voted out of office because there
was a woman running against him who was
seen as more Pro Trump so the question
is in the Republican Party right now is
what you know where are those leaders is
there a place that I believe that is the
crisis it doesn't look like it right now
and it never does but I do think the
crisis actually is with the future of
the Republican Party the future of the
conservative movement and and just for
those out there that would say that we
become hyperbolic at times I am reminded
of a Donald Trump quote from last year
where he said that Maddison system of
checks and balances and the United
States Constitution was quote archaic
and and let me get this quote exactly
right
quote a bad thing for the country if
that doesn't suggest Tomika a well
autocratic impulses that do need to be
checked every day well and I think that
is the difference where I think I
finally figured out the difference
between you and me on this because you
know I understand that there's a lot of
overreaction to this and there's a lot
of the world is coming to an end
descriptions of what we've got but
stick to the facts constitutional norms
are being are being challenged that's a
fact that's not a feeling it's a fact
it's happening every day and we have to
cover it and we have to stick to the
facts I think that there is a sense of
lost value and who we are and what this
country stands for and Jon Meacham I'll
throw it to you
because I don't think we can really
pinpoint where we're at right now I
don't think we have nailed it down
are there any parallels in history that
you can draw from or how would you
describe exactly what is happening here
I think it's the most perilous moment
for the kinds of democratic norms and
constitutional norms that we're talking
about and it's really since
reconstruction I'd argue Andrew Johnson
who became president after Ford's
Theater people believed there might be a
second civil war because he sided with
his native southerners in the battles of
a reconstruction it's a period we lose
because people tend to skip from Lincoln
to FDR really and keep moving but that
was a period where things felt
calamitous we had just come through a
great struggle it was not at all
impossible that the United States might
end up looking more like Central or
South America with several different
Confederacy's we know we're a coastal
coast-to-coast continental nation but
they didn't know that so I think that's
where we are so you have to go back
pretty far on the resistance and the the
Krauthammer ode which is absolutely
deserved I believe you don't lose your
head obviously I believe that the
history is something that gives us a
sense of proportion about what's going
on but you know the resistance the
marching the protesting is absolutely
essential because the country has only
moved from strength to strength
when voices far from the centers of
power have ultimately attracted the
attention of those in power and that
two on the left in terms of left broadly
put in terms of suffrage in terms of
civil rights in terms of gay rights it's
true on the right because what was
nineteen eighty if not a remarkable
achievement of a populist conservative
movement relatively far from the eastern
establishment so Ronald Reagan became
this force because he had been listening
to these voices had been reading
national review on those trains all
those years because you know he wouldn't
fly in the 1950s so he would spend all
his time on trains reading conservative
books and so that was a lonely place to
be and then he becomes president so
there is this American drama about the
dynamics of power and it's absolutely
essential if people feel strongly he has
so many do that this particular
president poses a unique threat to do
everything they can to oppose it that's
absolutely the American Way that's what
in many ways what is the American
Revolution that we commemorate today if
not the greatest act of resistance in
America in in Western history and David
Ignatius you look at the marches and
compare them to a lot of the marches
that were going on in the 1960s where
chaos reigned and just throw a little
Buffalo Springfield out there for you
young people carrying signs mostly
saying hooray for our signs a lot of
times the March was sort of the end to
itself to what they wanted or what
actually what was the result of it that
has not been the case in the age of
Trump we had the women's March and I
remember when it was happening I said
okay that's okay I guess but you better
be getting phone numbers you better be
getting email addresses you better be
getting information again going back to
organizing because there's this I think
there's there's misperception about
Barack Obama that he was LeBron
and he was his extraordinarily gifted
candidate which he was but you looked at
that guy's organization and the team he
put together politically they were
killers like they kept their heads down
they organized they executed they won
and that is unfortunately the antithesis
unfortunately for Hillary Clinton of
their operation a group that didn't
visit Wisconsin didn't take polls and
remained too insulated Barack Obama was
as good at the technical side of
politics as he was to be honest bad at a
lot of the people side of it he just was
a person who didn't like to wade into
that crowd and very little of the the
Bill Clinton you know embrace people
style I on the 4th of July I think with
Jon Meacham about about how this story
begins and I think of the phrase We the
People I mean that that's the
consecration really this is our country
but we get to decide what we want it to
be like in the future and these
elections coming up the midterms the
2020 elections are important not just
because of Donald Trump in his policies
but because of what they'll tell us
about us as a country what do we want we
the people get to decide and my biggest
fear is that is that the noise machine
that often comes out of the White House
the attacks on folks who are trying to
provide as accurate information as they
can will end up overwhelming that
wonderful democratic process where we
the people try to make good decisions
that's what I hope people will fight
against that's why when people come out
in demonstrations I think you know
that's good so long as it's not too
exclusionary it doesn't separate people
from it from each other it's you know
that the tent has to get asked to get
bigger more people have to come under it
we the people have to kind of kind of
pull it together and make it work
NOAA real quickly yeah just the extent
to which and I agree absolutely with
mister
but the extent to which we have seen the
left cry fascism is a failure to
appreciate the extent to which the
system has worked to which Congress has
imposed sanctions on Russia that the
President had no choice to fulfill to
which the courts blocked his original
order to halt immigrants immigration
from Muslim countries to which we've
seen these institutions that are
designed to respond to a potential
authoritarian respond as such and to
which Americans on the Left are
organizing and running for political
office because they have faith in that
political office these are all
indications that fascism is far away
from American shores it can't happen
here yet and I think we don't appreciate
that in that that's the argument we'll
will continue to have here in a civil
way you know I have agree with know
still ahead this morning Oscar nominee
Alan Alda is standing by his new project
features some fascinating voices from
very different corners of American life
still they share a unique trait in
common we'll have that in my pack thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
