I spent the last three days interviewing
and thinking about Supreme Court justice
is such an important decision and we're
going to give you a great one we're
going to announce it on Monday and I
think you'll be very impressed these are
very talented people brilliant people
and think you're gonna really love it
like just as Gorsuch we we hit a home
run there and we're gonna hit a home run
here and step by step we are making
America great again
president Trump offering an update about
his potential Supreme Court picks during
his event in West Virginia earlier this
evening the president promised to reveal
his choice next Monday July 9th the
White House says President Trump spoke
to three potential picks today that's a
total of seven so far this week we can't
assume that Senator Mike Lee was one of
those seven people interviewed by the
president a spokesman for the Republican
senator confirmed to NBC News that the
president spoke to Lee by phone on
Monday and that the senator was in Utah
Robert Costa of the Washington Post
reports President Trump interviewed
judges Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony Barrett
a month apart and Raymond Catholic on
Monday and a source with first-hand
knowledge of the situation tells NBC
News those four judges are indeed under
consideration along with senator Lee
Thomas Hartman and Joan Larson here to
talk about it all Shannon petty peace
White House correspondent for Bloomberg
she was traveling with the president
tonight
on his trip to West Virginia Robert
Costa national political reporter for
The Washington Post and what moderator
of Washington Week and Phillip Elliot
politics correspondent for Time magazine
welcome to you all Shannon let's start
with you you were with the president in
West Virginia and he spoke about one of
the first things he spoke about was the
Supreme Court you got a sense he's happy
with how this is playing out we do he's
still planning to make a decision by
Monday any day now he's been really
charging along on this this is something
he could have anticipated coming so it's
not one of those issues that came out of
nowhere but I mean for him he's in a
position where he can score a lot of
positive points with his base I mean can
you get someone through Congress that
will be Congress's problem but if he
picks a solid conservative pro-life
justice
his supporters and his base they will
love him for it and it will really over
come a lot of you know the other
shortcomings that he's had in their eyes
over the past year or so Robert let's
talk about the the list the president
had said they'd be five he said there'll
be two women on it we now know he's
talked to seven there are two women so
there's apparently some extra men in the
whole mix where are we with the short
list there's a cold war of sorts going
on in Washington legal community right
now among conservatives who are pushing
for judge Cavanaugh others pushing for
judge Coney Barrett some pushing for
judge Catholic those are really seen at
this moment tonight is the the top three
for the president's pick but the
president is undecided but he's very
much monitoring the news coverage for
White House officials tonight they say
he takes seriously that Judge Cavanaugh
has connections to George W Bush having
worked in that White House is supported
by the Republican establishment but he's
torn in a sense because he knows that
Judge Gorsuch was also supported before
he was nominated for the Supreme Court
by that same Republican establishment
community and it worked out in his eyes
Phillip not on that list of seven people
is Senator Mike Lee of Utah who has
confirmed that he spoken to the
president where does he fit into this
I'm telling people I've spoken to on the
hill the conversation between senator
Lee and President Trump went far better
than neither had anticipated there was
an expectation that this was a courtesy
phone call a nod to say look look
senators I've been considering one of
your own but in the process of the
conversation both sides came away
feeling a little better about this I'm
still not convinced that the math makes
sense to take represented or we're out
of it and the more and more present the
president thinks about it he's a little
skittish about this after all
Utah should be a safe seat with
associative Alabama
we heard that about Doug Jones as well
let me ask you about Phillip about Amy
Kony Barrett there are a lot of
Republicans who are energized about the
idea of a conservative woman being the
fifth conservative justice on a Supreme
Court that has to deal with a lot of
issues that conservatives hold very
close to the heart she is
I think it's fair to say she's she's
that she expressed a certain hostility
toward Roe versus Wade and while the
president says he's not actually gonna
ask the candidates about these things
he doesn't have to the Federalist
Society the Heritage Foundation in every
sitting senator will indeed so we'll
know generally what their views are
where does she fit into this she fits in
not just on policy but on politics she
is an outspoken Catholic a devout member
of that faith her confirmation hearing
just eight months ago had some of the
biggest fireworks of that were about her
how she would divide civic life and her
faith and really the president sees this
as a potential wedge issue that not just
for Catholics but for all people of
faith that perhaps hostility to towards
organized religions organized Krishna
Christianity that could be a topic that
could feed the sense of victimhood then
is so potent with the president's base
and could help motivate voters into
heading into November's election and
Chenin we've had a dry run because amy
coney barrett was confirmed to the
Seventh Circuit Court by this particular
Senate she was questioned by this Senate
senator Feinstein went after her about
matters tied to her faith and her
religious practice so speaking of that
victimhood she can't hold that banner
well for the conservative base well she
can but this is gonna be a political
fight unlike I think a lot of it's gonna
be a bigger fight than a lot of people
have seen over many issues in a long
time and it's going to be a very
difficult needle to thread in the Senate
you have two Republicans at least Lisa
Murkowski and Susan Collins who are
pro-choice who have concerns about
putting someone on the court who they
concerned could overturn roe v wade she
could fall into that category of course
you have a few Democrats who went along
and voted for gore such so it's I mean
it's really a very delicate balance here
and both sides basis are gearing up
enormous ly for a battle here so I think
this decision Monday that's going to be
the easy part the real fight is going to
be coming days Robert there are a few
Democrats who have in the
voted with the president on a Supreme
Court nominee on Neil Gorsuch there are
a few Republicans who are problematic
John McCain because he's not around
there is Jeff Flake who has made noises
about not supporting a candidate tied to
other matters and then you have Rand
Paul who the president says always does
the right thing in the end and and
statistically that's probably true from
the president's perspective but you
always got a deal with Rand Paul
apparently the president is trying to do
that this week the Post reporter tonight
that Senator Paul and the president has
spoken in recent days mostly about the
concerns about judge Cavanaugh as much
as Judge Cavanaugh has support among
Republican leaders there are concerns
among some conservative social
conservatives about his positions on the
constitutionality of President Obama's
health-care law also certain decisions
he has made on abortion rights even
though he has dissented as some
conservatives have over the these
various cases we don't have time to get
into the way he dissented has raised
some eyebrows among those on the right
this is all being litigated discussed
inside of the White House as they make
this decision and part of that process
is calling Senator Paul to reassure him
and just talk through his his wariness
about judge Kavanagh so Philip there are
really four constituencies here there's
the president's base there are
establishment conservatives there are
movement conservatives and then there's
Congress and the president's got to
thread that needle he's got to name
somebody on Monday who has a good chance
of having the support of all of these
folks of these seven candidates it's not
obvious no it's not and that's why all
of us trying to put this in boxes trying
to fair maybe Venn diagrams is a better
analogy than boxes who could who could
in who could you fill that inner
intersection so well really a lot of
people I speak to just say in the end
this is not going to come down to some
pro/con list and it plus this minus that
it'll come down to what feels right for
this president and to this point in his
presidency the president's gut has
guided him to some victories
it's really one hand we exactly we can't
question his gut in his instinct his
tactics and his approach might be
anathema to what Mitch McConnell's
office would like to see but the gut
generally has gotten him to victories
yeah and these are the ones that will be
his legacy all right thanks to all of
you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
