a bipartisan report released today by
the Senate Intelligence Committee
confirms the findings of the u.s.
intelligence community which stated in
January 2017 that Russia definitely
meddled in the 2016 presidential
election and that Russia definitely
wanted to hurt the candidacy of Hillary
Clinton and helped the candidacy of
Donald Trump specifically the
unclassified report released by
Republican Richard burr and Democrat
Mark Warner of the Intelligence
Committee says that the committee's
assessment quote showed that Moscow
sought to denigrate Secretary Clinton
and Putin and the Russian government
developed a clear preference for Trump
the report today also says that the
committee heard consistently that
analysts were under no politically
motivated pressure to reach any
conclusions and the committee has seen
additional examples of Russia's attempts
to sow discord undermine democratic
institutions and interfere in u.s.
elections and those of our allies the
Kremlin said today that it is possible
that Russian President Vladimir Putin
and president Trump will meet one-on-one
with no staff present except translators
at the beginning of their summit meeting
in Helsinki on July 16th and so once
again Americans are learning about the
plans of the President of the United
States from the Russian government
instead of from the White House joining
our discussion now Malcolm Nance an
MSNBC counterterrorism and intelligence
analyst and author of the new book the
plot to destroy democracy how Putin and
his spies are undermining America and
dismantling the west also with us Evelyn
Farkas senior fellow at the Atlantic
Council and a former Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense she's an MSNBC
national security analyst and Malcolm I
wanted to start with you on the issue of
the possibility of the president sitting
down one-on-one plus translators with
Vladimir Putin well it's absolutely
fascinating you know earlier today on
Twitter Asha Ren GABA the former FBI
officer made a joke that he was going in
to meet his handler was going to discuss
any concerns that he have
any counterintelligence contacts that he
has his surveillance detection routines
anything that a handled asset would want
to report into his boss and at this
point I'm really starting to wonder
because why would he go off the record
in a private meeting with Vladimir Putin
at a time he has been under the gun for
more than two years in the belief that
he has conspired with Russia to rig a US
election and may possibly have involved
himself in other nefarious activities
and he just decides he's going to go
prove it Evelyn Farkas it is an
astonishing thing to watch I mean with
any other politician who was suspected
of anything in this direction that
politician would go out of his or her
way to be much stiffer and more formal
and more distant in relations with
Russia or whatever country was in
question right Lawrence I mean any other
president or politician for that matter
and granted okay he wasn't a politician
until recently but nevertheless would do
everything possible to remove any shadow
of any doubt that there was something
nefarious going on I have to say I'm
also further concerned because what I'm
hearing not only from the administration
is is actually confirmation that there
is going to be a one-on-one meeting but
that there's a lot of consternation a
lot of worry inside our government I
mean that that to me is shocking and
people just feel like they can't resign
because of their concern but they're
watching some kind of train wreck some
kind of really bad movie unfold except
that it's reality so I I don't
understand why this is happening
last time Donald Trump met with Vladimir
Putin on the sidelines of a bigger
summit he actually had a meeting with
only one interpreter the Russian
interpreter so if that happens again
that's even worse but you know okay
having interpreters is good if at least
we have the u.s. interpreter because
there will be something of a record in
that case but the optics are bad it
doesn't make sense from a policy
perspective it's just more than
unfortunate
and this news comes to us on the same
day that the Senate Intelligence
Committee report and this is the full
committee this is all eight Republicans
and all seven Democrats the committee
says this the committee concurs with
intelligence and open source assessments
that this influenced campaign was
approved by President Putin and so the
committee is saying Vladimir Putin did
this and now Donald Trump is saying or
that he's gonna have a one-on-one
meeting with Vladimir Putin within the
context of all of that let's listen to
what former CIA director John McLaughlin
said about this today the president is
an intelligence recruiters dream
he's totally transparent with his tweets
and his public comments his frustrations
his desires his weaknesses his
vulnerabilities are all hanging out
there and Putin of course is a trained
KGB intelligence operator
Malcolm Lance you know that any
screenwriter a fiction writer would try
to make this more subtle they wouldn't
actually have the Russian president be a
former KGB intelligence operator talking
to the most ignorant president of the
United States in history yeah you would
think that right but this is like a
really bad version of the old movie
Kevin Costner movie no way out where we
you know in that private meeting is
Donald Trump gonna just suddenly blurt
out that he speaks Russian doubtful but
for the most part I really think that
John McLaughlin today put it perfectly
and I have a whole chapter on why Donald
Trump is a rush in the street it's not
just that they may have motivated him to
see the world their way they framed the
world for him and every time that he had
contact with them they created that
perception bubble that that entire
worldview that he now espouses break up
a dissolution of NATO in a slow roll I
think he really believes that getting
rid of all World Trade that you know and
breaking up the Atlantic Alliance in
Europe he has bought into that
meeow belonging to russia he has bought
into that he is you know I said this
today and in the same interview with
John McLaughlin when he goes list NATO
conference who will he represent will he
represent the United States only
represent Moscow for Donald Trump Maria
Bartiromo involved in a recent interview
who did a recent interview with the
president where she got a lot of chrism
the criticism for not doing any
follow-ups she did ask some good
questions so here's an example of her
good question and just an extraordinary
non answer by the President of the
United States let's listen to this are
you gonna mention the meddling when you
meet with Russian cosmonaut every
problem utilized 16 I'd like to see some
answers as to why we didn't take the
server why the FBI didn't take the
server from the DNC and Evelyn Farkas
that that was his complete answer to are
you going to mention the Russian
meddling in our election when you speak
to a library Putin he said I'd like to
see some answers as to why we didn't
take the server why the FBI didn't take
the server from the DNC
I mean Lawrence this is the first time I
think I've said to I want to tear my
hair out because he's doing his typical
deflection you know I I want I'm gonna
talk about Hillary Clinton now you know
nobody cares about Hillary Clinton
anymore in servers and emails and
whatever but that's the first thing he
grasps or you know I have to say just a
thing about that report that came out
today I think it's very useful that the
Senate Intelligence Committee came out
clearly on the record saying we believe
our own intelligence we looked through
it ourselves in a bipartisan fashion
what's disturbing to me about it is that
it came out today on a Friday well it
feels like a Friday but right before a
holiday and it should have come out
before those senators made the decision
to go over to Moscow you know which you
mentioned earlier in the program I think
it's unfortunate because it seems to me
that they could agree on the message but
there's something wrong with the
politics of releasing this report I
don't think the president could have
made it any more clear to Maria
Bartiromo that he has absolutely no
intention of mentioning election
meddling to Vladimir Putin Evelyn Farkas
Malcolm dance thank you both for joining
us tonight really appreciate
thankfully thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
