as the president tours areas devastated
by hurricane Michael today he backed off
his previous claims that climate change
is a hoax but he wavered on whether
human activity contributed to it in an
interview with 60 minutes on Sunday
night now just a few months after taking
office the president pulled the united
states out of the paris climate Accord
offering this as part of his reasoning
even if the Paris agreement were
implemented in full with total
compliance from all nations it is
estimated it would only produce a
two-tenths of one degree think of that
this much Celsius reduction in global
temperature by the year 2100 tiny tiny
amount President Trump I think fairly
deliberately missed the point there
two-tenths of one degree Celsius in
reduction isn't actually the point that
scientists are trying to make it's
preventing a further rise in global
temperatures that actually matters last
week a panel of scientists assembled by
the United Nations released a report on
the dangers posed by a potential 2
degrees Celsius increase in global
temperatures that's about a three point
six degree increase in Fahrenheit the
report found that it focused on
different impacts on the planet and
humanitarian communities if the
temperature rise reach 2 degrees Celsius
or if it were just contained to rising
one and a half degrees Celsius we're
talking about a half a degree difference
it found that average sea levels around
the world would still rise by the year
2100 but at a slower rate allowing
communities in coastal areas to adapt to
the changing shorelines the report also
found that the oxygen levels in the
world's oceans would drop more slowly if
the global temperature rise was held to
the smaller amount giving a better
chance that humans won't lose vital
fisheries and marine ecosystems and
remember this is all to prevent worse
disasters if we don't work to rein in
global temperatures the report warns
that storm intensities wildfires even
pest outbreaks will increase which could
contribute to the food shortages
parts of Africa the Amazon the
Mediterranean and Central Europe along
with an increase in the number of warm
days and a decrease in the cold across
the North American continent I want to
bring in Nathalie maja Walt she's one of
the lead authors of this report Natalie
thank you for joining us the report
really is discussing the impact of a
half a degree Celsius difference sea
levels rising by about four inches less
than they otherwise would four inches
too many people these are incredibly
small numbers what's four inches going
to do in sea levels what's half a degree
going to do it allows for some people
who dismiss this to say we're not
talking about much at all why are these
small numbers so serious when it comes
to climate change well some of these
really small numbers point five I agree
it just doesn't sound like a lot of
change but what it was shown from the
scientific evidence is that we can well
scientists would say statistically
significantly tell the difference but it
means that humans and ecosystems can
tell the difference now it's going to be
extremely difficult to keep temperatures
below either 1.5 or 2.0 degrees but
what's really important is that each
degree of warming will make the impacts
worse and so we need to keep the global
warming as low as possible and that's
what we show clearly in this most recent
report okay so so just to reframe this
because the president said even if we
did what was asked for in apply the
Paris climate Accord which by the way no
scientist thinks is a panacea it was it
was a global agreement basically even if
you did everything it was going to do
they would see a reduction of two tenths
of a percent a degree centigrade that's
not the point right the point is we're
seeing temperatures rise and we need to
try and mitigate that as soon as
possible as much as possible we need now
the Paris agreement voluntary reductions
actually only run out to 2040 so part of
what he's talking about is just assuming
nothing happens after that what
scientists in this report estimate the
impact of the compliance with the Paris
agreement voluntary contributions that
will go to about three degrees Celsius
warming so
it's a reduction from what happened
otherwise which is 4.5 but it's not
nearly enough to keep us below the 2.0
or 1.5 C targets that were also taken
under the Paris agreement are people
like you who study this confident that
if the world a particularly big
industrial countries like the United
States do commit to change and take it
seriously that this is an issue that can
be fixed well I would say more that it's
well fixed what does that mean it and
it's not impossible to target like one
point five or two but it's going to take
quite a bit of change in our energy
systems and our agricultural systems but
on the other hand every day there's
these incredibly cool innovative
technologies being developed by people
for example the solar panels coming down
in price or wind turbines and these new
technologies give us the technology
technological solutions to actually
transition our economies over from an
economy that emits carbon dioxide to one
that can do much better in terms of
sustainable energy so there's the
beginnings of a snowball that could
actually affect the global climate
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
