in just the last 24 hours I'm literally
the last 24 hours of Pruitt scandal
watch here's what we've learned we've
learned the Pruitt according to nade
asked staff to find a lucrative job for
his wife that's at least I think the
third allegation that he was using
public employees to land his wife a job
or a gig or chick-fil-a also that he
requested aid from senior officials in a
dispute with his Washington landlord who
happens to be married to a lobbyist with
business before the EPA and that
according to a whistleblower he
maintained a secret calendar behind his
contacts with industry members and other
controversial figures that whistleblower
former deputy chief of staff Kevin
chmielewskij aides met regularly in
Pruitt's office to scrub his calendar of
anything that might look bad despite all
that Pruitt still thought himself
deserving of a promotion in recent
months at least according to a new
report directly asking the President to
fire jeff Sessions as Attorney General
and replace him with prutte himself
Pruitt denied that report in a statement
to NBC News and joining me now is EPA
whistleblower Kevin chmielewskij
Kevin as folks are watching this and
they see the backdrop there let's start
with something and I think I want to get
clear and you want to get clear you are
support of the president's you have no
idea logical or political axe to grind
against him or his administration as you
talk about your experience in the APA is
that correct no not at all it's actually
just the opposite I'm still the biggest
Trump supporter I've been a lifelong
Republican and I'd go through a brick
wall for the man today including the
vice president also um so let's talk
about your tie to DP and Scott Pruitt I
want to talk about the calendars it's
not uncommon that agency heads will have
two different calendars there's a public
calendar these are all the things we're
doing publicly there's a private
calendar because you know you have
meetings and staff get together and
things like that you don't put on your
public calendar but but my understanding
is is there was something other than
that going on during your time at EPA in
terms of the schedule explain explain
what was happening well essentially
obviously like you said you have the two
calendars but there was a third calendar
and when I say the third calendar the
bigger thing was we would go on and do
these trips and then or before the trips
into and next thing you know we would be
asked to basically scrub things that he
did
that would be controversial Cardinal
Pell being one of them and there were
some other trips like I said this was
about a weekly occurrence sometimes
every other week where we would take the
the actual schedule printed out and they
would literally the chief of staff would
basically take some of the stuff that
they thought would controversial off of
there just to be clear they would delete
off the boat so he had a third schedule
that he kept on his iPad I understand
and that was the the the the real deal
scott pruett schedule and the public
years the one the one that was a public
record which is these are all public
records this is the key point here they
would literally delete events from the
public record if they thought they would
be too controversial yes sir and it
would start off by they would basically
print out a paper a copy of the schedule
and then the chief of staff Ryan Jackson
or Pruitt administrator Pruitt would
literally take a pen or pencil take out
the stuff that they did one on there and
then that's what would go on to the
official schedule when we talk about the
official schedule another big thing that
I think everyone would should know is it
took months at the beginning and they
refused to give those out and then I
even still to this day my understanding
is it takes a month or two for that
stuff to come out let me just stop you
there do people did you or others think
this is sketchy well this is strange
behavior why are we doing this so I'll
make it even easier than that I've
basically lost my whole career something
that I've worked 20 years for I was one
of the presidents first advance guys I
just couldn't put up with it anymore I
love this administration I love the
president but Scott Pruett I mean
everything I was everything I witness I
couldn't be a part of anymore
I mean this is just one of dozens and
dozens of things that he did that I just
did not feel comfortable with not
comfortable I mean it was just downright
wrong there were low-level another
report today low level staffers people
were 23 24 25 being asked to charge
trips on their credit card and then not
being reimbursed which is just an
astounding detail
did you ever is that something you
witnessed firsthand absolutely I
actually saw where the
chief of staff Ryan Jackson had to give
one of the younger staffers literally
pulled six $100 bills out of his wallet
and gave it to this young lady wait what
because because she had charged
something for the administrator not
gotten reimbursed
it was hotel rooms from the inauguration
that his family stayed in is what it was
so okay okay so he's so the hotel rooms
for the inauguration you've got this
first-class travel you got the trip to
Morocco you've got the $400 meal in in
Rome you've you've also got him what was
the deal with him he seemed really
desperate to find his wife a lucrative
job between the chick-fil-a CEO getting
a call
trying to get her job for four to making
at least $200,000 did you witness that
was that something he talked about yes I
heard about the chick-fil-a a couple
times the one I heard about the most is
apparently she's an interior decorator
and they tried numerous times to try to
find her jobs around town in DC as an
interior decorator it was the one I
heard most often again by there you mean
public employees of the federal
Environmental Protection Agency which
are paid by public funds yes sir other
than myself most of the core staff that
was around him every day came from
Oklahoma and and don't get me wrong
these people were great people still to
this day I'll say it I wish I'd be a
little bit more truthful and a little
more upfront with what happened because
if so there would be more people like me
coming out but 100 percent would have
these staffers doing all of this stuff
and it was three or four of the key
staffers that came with him from
Oklahoma City they're from Oklahoma City
most of which worked when he was the
Attorney General there but these were
all friends he's are all people that he
brought from Oklahoma City but on the
public payroll I mean they work for us
they work for the American people what
100%
yours and my tax dollars that's why I
had a problem with it not only were they
miss spending our tax dollars but it was
taking time away from our job and
everything else and that that was the
problem that I had I mean this thing
happened one said while it'd be one
thing the
consumed days weeks months so can I ask
you a broader a question here I mean I
have everyone sort of watching this
scratching their heads I mean you know
there are people who cut corners there
are people who get into public life and
are careless this seems like a very
concerted determined effort to grift
basically to sort of get perks to use
public office tool and his life a job to
get a sweetheart $50 a night lease I
mean and also to be you know to talk in
secret with people that he has to
regulate what what is driving this I
mean what is your assessment of the
man's motives here so I think everyone
in life it doesn't matter if you work in
McDonald's or if you work at the White
House everyone tries to better
themselves and try to use the situation
I am but this went well above and beyond
that I mean and the the biggest thing
where I knew that there was a even
bigger problem is after and you I heard
early you bringing this up after
secretary price was fired and that's
when we all got together and said enough
Sanath guys we're not going to do
anything like that anymore and in my
opinion administrator Pruitt that
doubled and tripled down and it got even
worse that's when the $100,000 a month
the private plane came in and that was
when I knew that that was my last couple
days and that I had to be moved to a
different agency or did quite frankly
you have to leave well that's
interesting so you're saying it's not
ignorant is no excuse right after the
price thing it people coming and saying
look we're making decisions here that
are exposing us we've got to stop doing
this he keeps doing it but let me let me
to return to that question what's the
motive is he financially stressed is he
desperate its he greedy is he venal like
what why is he doing all this I I'd be
lying if I said I obviously don't know
his financial situation but regardless
if he if he had a financial issue or not
I mean all of us you know you can't do
that type of stuff I mean when you're a
cabinet-level secretary you cannot do
that stuff I mean when I have my first
couple days within the administration I
had to go through ethics training and
courses so did he his were a lot more
elaborate than mine you can't say you
didn't know every single one of us from
the lowest level to the highest level
knew the rules and regulations and the
stuff that we couldn't do if any of us
would have done that not only would we
have been fired more than likely also
legal trouble a final question for you
you are a big support of the president
obviously he has decided to not fire
this man despite the fact his infamous
catchphrases you're fired what what if
he's watching this or if he sees a clip
later what's what's your message the
president should he fire scott pruett
absolutely I joined this administration
I've been in politics 17 years I've
worked for people like governor Mitt
Romney john mccain president bush i can
a whole laundry list of other
politicians that i know love admire
still to this day the problem with this
is I joined the Trump campaign even
before his announcement and why that was
was because of the whole message of
draining the swamp and not only did we
not drain the swamp with this man I
think we put a bigger swamp creature in
there all right Kevin chmielewskij
appreciate you taking time tonight thank
you very much of course thanks for
having me hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
