all right we've had two major events in
politics the last couple weeks obviously
the whole question of what's going on at
the border the family separation policy
the president seeming to walk back from
that
now the vacancy on the Supreme Court
what is gonna happen there and of course
the backdrop for all of this midterm
elections a couple months away Democrats
trying to win back the House Republicans
trying to hang on for dear life and so
the question how has the public been
interpreting all this what are they
thinking about the president right now
what are they thinking about his
handling of these issues we have got
some new polling we've got a lot of new
polling we figured me to go over to the
board and walk you through it so first
of all today three count them three
brand new polls on the president's
approval rating and you can see it got
kind of a range here we got our own NBC
News survey monkey this is the high end
the high end today and really the high
end of almost anything you're gonna see
Trump sitting there at forty eight
percent in ours of course the low end
today came up around the same time forty
percent and then somewhere right in the
middle Politico morning consult they
found them at 43 if you averaged
together every poll that's out there
right now for Trump he's sitting at a
touch over 43% about forty three and a
half percent average approval rating
Republicans say they probably want him a
little bit higher to have a chance to
hold on to the House Democrats of course
they say like maybe could win it at 43
and a half they'd like them a little bit
lower it's in that sort of gray zone
right now it's nothing to write home
about if you're Trump in a Republican
but of course it is better than it was a
few months ago but how about those
issues
how about immigration how have folks
been interpreting what's happening so
first of all the bottom line question
here how do you think the president has
been handling immigration you could see
from that Quinnipiac poll there 3958 39%
approve of the way Trump has been
handling this nearly 60 percent
disapproving but then Quinnipiac asked
some other very interesting questions
like this one
Trump's motive behind his immigration
policy I mean this is you've heard the
rhetoric is the charge has been out
there certainly the way the president
has talked about this has stoked
incredible controversy 50 percent say he
is a sincere interest in controlling the
border 44% say he is motivated on
immigration by racist beliefs motivated
in what he's doing on the border by
racist beliefs you could take it
further if the years 44% say that asked
this question do you think the president
is a racist that was asked by Quinnipiac
in the answer
49% said yes 47% said no basically look
at that divide right there half and half
essentially you can look at this in
different groups you know among white
voters you have a slim majority saying
no he's not the 44% of saying yes he is
among black voters almost 8 in 10 saying
yes the president's a racist among
Hispanic voters you see there nearly 60%
saying yes he's a racist again you
average all that together right there
right down the middle asking that
question is the president United States
are racist 49 47 we said the other major
issue of course the Supreme Court
Democrats right now they are saying hey
you've got to put off the confirmation
you got to put off the vote until after
the election they think that's their
best chance of having influence here we
asked that question in our poll the NBC
one when should the nominee be confirmed
but look at that by basically a
two-to-one margin folks say and hold the
vote this fall hold the vote before the
midterms that's not what Democrats want
but then Democrats are saying you have
to do that because Democrats say you
don't want Roe overturned and if you
want to keep Roe from being overturned
you've got to stop one of these Trump
nominees that's the Democratic message
and on that front when you ask folks do
you want Roe to be upheld or overturned
by the new justice again two-to-one
margin there they say to uphold it so
you know sometimes you see this in
polling you look at the political
narratives you look at the terms of the
debate nationally sometimes the answer
is they can be kind of contradictory
there leave you scratching your head
about what folks really do and don't
want here so anyway mixed messages there
for the politicians to figure out now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
