three weeks in a day until the midterms
already and a surge in voter enthusiasm
is fueling hopes for both Democrats and
Republicans depending on where how much
of that enthusiasm in House races driven
by a key voting bloc that could tip the
scales in critical battlegrounds if they
turn out Andrew Washington post/abc News
poll showing a newly energized voter
base across the board compared to only
four years ago with a major spike among
younger adults non-white voters and
those who say they favor Democrats for
the house but there are also recent
signs and other polls that tight Senate
races may be slipping away from the
Democrats chilling their hopes of
gaining control of the Senate
joining me now NBC News senior political
editor mark Murray and Lisa lair New
York Times political reporter welcome
both mark first to you the big picture
the polling picture is it becoming too
much conventional wisdom to say the
house most likely going democratic the
Senate now almost safely Republican
because of post Cavanaugh changes or is
that overstating it no it's not
overstating Andrea and I think that's
the smartest another worth noting that
within three weeks so much can end up
changing as far as who has the balance
and some of these polls can move just a
little bit and that might actually end
up putting the Senate more in play for
Democrats right now but Andrea as you
mentioned enthusiasm is so key this
midterm cycle particularly because there
are fewer people who end up voting in
midterm elections and so the side that's
actually more fired up more enthusiastic
often ends up winning in past midterm
cycles in 2006 the shellacking the
Republicans took the 2010 in 2014 the
shellacking is that Democrats ended up
taking it was because one side was
really fired up and one other side
wasn't but what we're seeing in a lot of
polls is that DIMMs are more
enthusiastic but Republicans have been
catching up and so this might be a
midterm cycle that is different where
what we saw in 2006 2010 and 2014 and
Lisa you've been out on the trail you've
been going to the rallies talking to
people I think you were in Iowa am I
right about Michigan Michigan Oh class
you know
a state that donald from one famously
because if not for Michigan and
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania he might not
be President Frank wouldn't be president
right of course and what I wanted to see
was what Cavanaugh was doing for
Democrats we knew there was a lot of
data showing that was closing the gap as
Mark point out in enthusiasm between
Republicans and Democrats it seemed
impossible to me that Democrats could be
more motivated to vote but I was wrong
certainly if you have it's very high
especially among women we know there's a
historic gender gap in these midterms
and you just see one female activist
Democratic activists and outside in the
Detroit suburbs told me they're
supersonic charged up so you know that's
a reversal of what we've seen the past
few cycles where traditionally
Republicans have been the ones that have
turned out for midterms the question
here is whether Democrats are really
going to flip that and if they do isn't
enough it feels like it could be enough
and a lot of these suburban house
districts particularly given the gender
cap it's not clear that it will be in
the Senate and right now it looks like
it won't be and mark what about
Millennials because there's been such a
drop-off in actually voting from
intention to vote among younger people
we've seen it every cycle yeah Andrea so
historically Millennials and younger
voters have always been the least
enthusiastic not only in midterm
elections but particularly true for
midterm elections but also in
presidential ones the concern for
Democrats is that Millennials now are
such a big part of the Democratic base
you end up having the female voters at
least was just talking about
african-americans Latinos and also young
voters but if one of those legs young
voters isn't as fired up as the others
that could end up hurting Democrats but
what one of the guidance that we've
gotten from our pollsters of the NBC
Wall Street Journal poll is that if
Democrats are able to juice up
millennial turn out that actually the
November midterm elections could even be
better for Democrats and then they've
been hoping for so I think you're
exactly right that watching the
Millennial vote and seeing how these
young young voters turnout is going to
be one of the keys to the puzzle in
November and I wanted to talk of had
Elizabeth Warren possible 2020 player
obviously she's got a very
we elect on the Senate side this time at
least we as far as we understand in
Massachusetts here Donald Trump being
asked today about what the Boston Globe
reveal which is that Elizabeth Warren
has a results of a DNA test that she
took at his challenge about whether or
not she has Native American ancestry
this is Trump today well we'd have to
dig that tape up but word is tweeted by
the way real Donald Trump remember
saying on July 5th that you'd give 1
million to a charity of my choice if my
DNA showed Native American ancestry I
remember and here's the verdict please
send the check to the National
Indigenous Women's Resource Center Lisa
calling his bluff she's trying to I mean
senator Warren is someone who believes
that taking it to the fight to President
Trump is what Democrats need and
particularly what Democratic voters are
gonna want in 2020 and a lot of what
we've seen her doing is sort of dealing
with her stuff she released a lot of a
bunch of her tax returns she had a story
in The Boston Globe that she heard her
team participated in that had
interviewed a lot of the people who
hired her at Harvard and showed that her
native-american ancestry wasn't a factor
in the hiring and now we have her taking
this DNA test so she's trying to sort of
clear out her baggage a little bit
before she possibly we're all out of the
prediction business now jumps into the
presidential race
I would assume a couple months maybe
even weeks after the midterms Lisa where
thank you of the New York Times now
normally of the AP and Mark Murray
always of NBC thank goodness and hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
