all right Donald Trump's velvet glove
treatment of Vladimir Putin has been a
mystery from the very start and it seems
that the mystery is now deepening at
least for some of us first
Trump dodging a direct question about
whether he'll discuss election meddling
at his upcoming meeting with Putin watch
are you gonna mention the meddling when
you meet with Russian chemical utilize
16 I'd like to see some answers as to
why we didn't take the server why the
FBI didn't take the server from the DNC
agency wanted to get few believe it no
why didn't the FBI take it look what
they did to other people why didn't they
take it how can the DNC say get out of
here
they throw him out of the office there
was no collusion no nothing how about
the emails deleting 33,000 emails just
to put it we don't even have to talk
about the uranium and all the different
than they delete 33,000 emails some of
it interesting there Trump ignoring the
question about meddling instead offering
a bit of a word salad of attacks on
Hillary Clinton and the FBI why they
didn't take the server not sure he
should be asking Putin that well Trump's
national security adviser john bolton
implying that he take takes putin's word
that the Kremlin itself didn't interfere
watch what President Putin said through
a translator of course but what he said
was there was no meddling in 2016 by the
Russian state but that's very different
from saying my view that there was no
Russian meddling at all alright so the
other piece in all of this Trump opening
the door to accepting Russia's
annexation of Crimea by saying he will
see it would be a break from current
American policy obviously and it's tying
Trump's own advisors in knots
President Putin was pretty clear with me
about it and and my response was we're
gonna have to agree to disagree on
Ukraine but that's not up for
negotiation that's not the position of
the United States right but saying we'll
see suggest might be well we'll see the
president makes the policy I don't I
don't make the policy all right I guess
we're gonna have to wait we'll see with
me now is former intelligence officer
Malcom Nance author of the new book the
plot to destroy democracy Malcolm's
great to have you with us
first Trump as you saw they're dodging
the question about whether he'll talk
election meddling with Putin why do you
think the president would not bring that
up despite the intelligence community's
assessment that not only did it happen
it is happening again ahead of the
midterms well this is the $10,000
question I mean this question has been
asked since the very beginning
what is Donald Trump so concerned about
does he really think that using the law
enforcement assets of the United States
and agreeing with the intelligence
community United States would D
legitimate atomized his presidency
or is there something that he's hiding
which he doesn't want us law enforcement
and intelligence to not only investigate
he doesn't want them to share and he
doesn't want it in public and so what's
really interesting is he goes on it's
not even a tangent he steps into a
perception bubble of his own creation
which surprisingly sounds very much like
Vladimir Putin's perception bubble of
the world it seems as an observer that
it's almost become a defensive reflex
that if you say election meddling and
Putin he says FBI email servers DNC it's
like almost a pre-programmed condition
that the president has to say that in
his interview on Sunday we know that the
president implied that if Russia did
meddle in our election he said something
on he said they must be proud watch this
you know Russia is in fact looking to
sow discord or chaos think that'll be
saying there's the greatest thing we've
ever done okay now there's no collusion
with me there's no Russia with me
there's no nothing it said it's honestly
it's a disgrace so how does discrediting
Russian meddling here help President
Trump well it helps him greatly because
what he's doing again is he speaking you
know he's only speaking to 40 percent of
this population he only ruled I mean he
only does he only does policy for 40% of
the population but there is that a
nefarious suspicion that we have here
why as you said why does he reflexively
go to this why does he reflexively go to
himself and not to the defense of the
United States he speaks the party line
that comes from the Kremlin
and as you I'm sure you're going to talk
about Crimea here in a minute when you
you mentioned John Bolton he again has
been crafted by his experiences with the
Russian and that started with an
enormous amount of money into his
buildings and properties then when he
went to Miss Universe in 2013 he was sat
down by the twelve richest men of Russia
and they gave him his worldview
he has never strayed from that worldview
and it is not the worldview or the
policy of any president of the United
States until he's come on the scene some
of our viewers may not know the nuance
of why Crimea and this position that
Bolton took as well as the president
will see about Russia's annexation of it
is so significant explain to us why the
fact that you have the national security
adviser and the president saying that
they are not definitively against Russia
annexing another territory from another
country by force is so problematic well
it's absolutely mind-boggling I mean
since the end of World War two a war
that we fought we lost almost half a
million men the world lost 60 million
people in that war and we set about
creating all of these alliances systems
and treaties which allowed us to work on
the basis of the belief that invading
another country's territory and seizing
their land by crossing their borders and
redefining those borders was against
international law every president has
upheld this Donald Trump seems to be
saying to Russia again from that
perception that was given to him by the
Russians where he said well you know
most of the people in Crimea speak
Russian and essentially dot-dot-dot
that's why we invaded and too bad for
the World Order Donald Trump is giving
them permission and by him through this
conference I hope at this summit he
doesn't just say go ahead and keep
Crimea because that will set off the
world I mean China could invade Taiwan
within a week and use the exact same
argument our allies would certainly be
very nervous as well to see the
president shift his position on that hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
