Mike Pompeo was heading to Pyongyang
this week to resume negotiations but new
report suggests North Korea may be
trying to deceive the US about its
nuclear efforts according to NBC u.s.
intelligence agencies believe the north
korean leader kim jong hoon may be
trying to hide multiple nuclear
facilities and has stepped up production
of fuel for nuclear weapons at multiple
secret sites when the US official said
quote there's no evidence that they are
decreasing stockpiles or that they have
stopped their production and there is
absolutely unequivocal evidence that
they are trying to deceive the US
meanwhile according to The Wall Street
Journal North Korea has moved forward
with a major expansion of a key missile
manufacturing plant reports come after
just three weeks after President Trump
returned from his Singapore summit with
Kim jong-un and boasted there is no
longer a nuclear threat from North Korea
and we can all sleep well tonight there
recently as this weekend the president
was showing the utmost confidence in the
North Korean leader let's watch I got
along really well with Chairman Kim
we had a great chemistry we really had
chairman but do we believe in mr.
president I made a deal with him I shook
hands with him I really believe he means
it for me now NBC News intelligence and
national security reporter Ken Delaney
and so Ken what is the scope of what
you're learning North Korea is doing
here well Steve these latest US
intelligence assessments tell the
American government that North Korea is
secretly enriching uranium and other
nuclear fuel and multiple secret
undeclared sites one of which the u.s.
may have only found out about recently
and more even more important than that
Steve is that the US intelligence
community has picked up evidence that
the North intends to deceive the Trump
administration and the United States
about this in other words is not
prepared to come clean about its nuclear
program and not only the enrichment
about the number of missiles the number
of warheads and other key factors they
would have to declare as part of any
Dinu clears ation effort now this kind
of cat-and-mouse game is not uncommon in
nuclear negotiations we saw it with the
Iran deal the US intelligence community
tries to catch the adversary country and
the absurd country tries to hide
but what's interesting and here is that
Donald Trump does not appear to
acknowledge any of this and even today
when White House press secretary Sarah
Sanders was asked about our reporting
other reporting she just basically blew
it off and said look there's positive
momentum for change and we're moving
forward you know john bolton yesterday
on television the national security
adviser said yes we understand North
Korea plays cat-and-mouse games but he
suggested that they were on track to
denuclearize within a year which no
expert thinks is possible so it's it's
really hard to understand what the Trump
administration's strategy is here Steve
in terms of where this stands - when
they left that when Trump in the kim
jungeun left that summit in Singapore
there was no formal agreement with
specific terms this would be a violation
of goodwill for a future more
comprehensive agreement is that right
that's absolutely right and that's a
confusing thing about this because
Donald Trump essentially told the
American public that there was a deal
but there is no deal North Korea has not
agreed to denuclearize they have agreed
to less than they've agreed to in the
past they essentially agreed to get on a
path towards denuclearization without
defining what that term means and so
it's absolutely true that none of this
that the US has found they're doing
violates any deal but analysts have
looked at and said this does not look
like a country that is even moving in
the direction of denuclearizing they are
still working on their nuclear program
their missile program they're still
expanding facilities both in open-source
reporting and in secret US intelligence
reporting Steve and eluded to a minute
ago there despite these reports of
deception by North Korea there are those
in the white house who are remaining
publicly optimistic about the
negotiations according to Axios some way
house officials hope around 2:00 with
President Trump can be held in New York
in September when world leaders pour
into Trump's home town for the UN
General Assembly and before that can
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is
supposed to sit down with North Korean
officials much more much closer to right
now what is the sense though in terms of
how forthcoming North Korea is going to
be in that sit-down with pompe oh well
that is exactly what US officials are
watching for Steve I mean they know
things they would rather that this
hadn't leaked out but there's still some
things that they know that the North
Koreans don't know they know and so
they're going to look at
if there if Mike Pompeo gets a
declaration from the North Koreans about
here's our nuclear program here are the
facilities here's how many weapons we
have they will look to see whether that
matches what they understand about the
program that'll be the first indication
of good faith and look this is a
negotiation and it's a much better
situation than threatening war but at
the same time analysts are concerned
that Donald Trump is being duped is
being played and at some point he's
going to realize that and then become
angered walk away and then we're in a
worse situation than when we began these
talks Steve hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
