joining me now is Mark Lauder former
special assistant to President Trump and
one of the people tasked with getting
the Trump pence ticket reelected in 2020
sir it's good to see you too see you
thanks for being here let's start with
Michael Cohen what message did the Trump
Penn's campaign take away from what
Michael komen said this morning I don't
think they're really focused on that
right now because I think there's a lot
of speculation we don't know what he we
don't know a he's not charged with
anything B we don't know what
information he may or may not have that
he may or may not be willing to to talk
to prosecutors about so I think there's
a lot of speculation it's a sport right
now in Washington DC and I get that but
I think from our standpoint we're just
go out there and say and talk about
loyalty which as we know is something
that the president really values and to
say that he is loyal first to his family
in to his country does the president not
take that as as a as a shot well I
haven't talked to president directly
about that but I don't I think we all
are loyal to our families in our country
and so right now all he did was go out
there
he sent whatever message that he's
hoping to send and there's a lot of
speculation about what that means but I
think as your previous guest said
there's a lot of public relations
involved and I think we'll just wait to
see how it plays out what do you think
voters are gonna take away from this
back-and-forth with the president and
his own lawyer I mean are is this just
simply going to be a question of do they
believe the president over Michael Cohen
I'm not sure they're following every day
like like we do here in Washington DC
the comings and goings and who's talking
and who's not I think they're really
more focused right now they're probably
focused on their plans should this
matter to voters I mean it during the
campaign President Trump argued that
somebody being under FBI investigation
was in fact a very important thing for
voters to consider I think right now
what they're focused on is is the
economy what they're doing for the 4th
of July what's coming on with the
Supreme Court pick I think those are
probably the more important to them in
terms of what's happening with a lawyer
who's not been charged and it's not even
directly related to the Russia
investigation is this is something
separate being held out of the Southern
District of New York all right well so
you mentioned the economy let's talk for
a minute about the president's tariffs
you have people across the Republican
Party the Chamber of Commerce the groups
backed by the
Brothers Companies General Motors saying
this is bad for America why does the
president why is he out there by himself
on this well I think for too long we've
been sold a false a bill of goods that
we have free trade when we haven't had
free trade in a very long time we've
never had it in fact when it when
General Motors faces four times the
amount of tariffs sending a car to
Europe then they'd been a german
automaker to send the car here that's
not fair and free trade and so what the
president is doing is putting it on the
table to say this has been unfair for
many decades we need to fix it
presidents of both parties have talked
about wanting to fix trade to make it
more fair but they've never actually
done a lot about it and so even though
there might be a few bumps in the road
here in the beginning and it does upset
Wall Street I think the people out there
know that the president's sticking up
for their jobs the workers and for our
farmers many Republicans here and
members of the president's own party
will say that the president is
essentially threatening to wipe out all
of whatever value-added they got by
passing a massive tax cut that they say
you know put money back in Americans
pockets that helped you know juice
corporate America get get things rolling
they're saying look you do this you keep
you you you press ahead with this you
are putting our midterm election
advantages on the line I don't think the
American people see it that way and I
think they see that he's looking out for
their jobs manufacturing jobs are
growing 300 thousand and Counting right
now we've had 4,000 companies
manufacturing factories come back to the
United States in just the last year and
a half those are the things that they
see and while there might be a
short-term bump while we're dealing with
this the long-term benefit which is what
the president's focused on will be
better for American workers better for
our farmers in the many years and
decades to come
if we can get this fair and free on both
sides I guess we'll see what happens in
Iowa to see if farmers really are on
board with this but you also mentioned
the Supreme Court nomination let's talk
a little bit about kind of the options
for for the president and concerns about
particularly lisa murkowski susan
collins republicans who are very
concerned about the precedent associated
with Breaux versus wade what
is the the kind of political view of how
the president should go go forward with
this does he benefit from from picking a
corset style person or perhaps picking a
woman I think he definitely is going to
follow the model of a Gorsuch type
person whether that is a man or a woman
it's the temperament it's their judicial
philosophy that the Constitution means
what it says not can be twisted into
something that means something else and
that's what he's looking for and that's
why many conservatives voted for the
president the first time around it was
very high on their priority list in the
exit polls after election day so we'll
see but what we know is is that the
president's going to have someone in
there who respects the rule of law we're
gonna see the Congress move or the
Senate move through that process this
fall and I think it's actually in a very
difficult position for the Democrats
from the red states that the president
won because as Paul Begala said just a
few last week that any Democrat who
votes for the president's nominee is
gonna struggle with volunteers and
donors so if you vote for this nominee
you lose your base sure if you vote
against the nominee you're gonna lose
the Trump voters that you need to get
you reelected and that's a very
difficult position for those senators
what did you read into Chuck Schumer
focusing on the Ami Bera at the top
considered to be the top female
potential choice for the president then
well I'm not going to comment on the
whether she is or isn't but I did Karen
I did take note on that because let's
remember when when the when the judge
was confirmed last October you had three
Democrats that crossed over to vote for
her mansion and the mansion came and
Donnelly and then you also had senators
Collins Markowski and McCain also voting
for her confirmation so that shows that
she can get all of the Republicans and
three Democrats so that shows you that
he's probably very concerned about
having that pick come through really
quickly before before we go on
immigration the over the course of this
weekend we saw Americans take to the
streets and according to too many of our
own correspondents on the ground a lot
of people was there first time coming
out and protesting the Trump
administration meanwhile on the
Democratic side you have an increasing
call to abolish ice the president
weighed in on that saying you know
Democrats want open borders how
concerned are you from a political
perspective going into the midterms that
the separation of these children has
really galvanized Americans who may not
have otherwise voted in in a midterm
election well I think while that issue
was very polarizing and the president
has acted on it they're now in the
process of reuniting those families the
calls to abolish ice has gone to such an
extreme that I think the Democrats very
much overplayed their hands and while
that message may resonate with the
coasts it is going to cost you many of
the people in the Midwest where I come
from who are just not going to go for
open borders and eliminating our Customs
and Border Patrol agents mark letter
thanks very much hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
