so two questions here what makes you
think he's trying to get the president
to pay his legal fees what in the
interview made made that be a conclusion
that you would draw from this well I
know for a fact that he's running out of
money he's spent a considerable well I'm
not going to get into detail to how I
know that but my record is pretty good
on statements that I'm making the
accuracy of those statements I know he's
running out of money
he's been burning through millions of
dollars in legal fees this is a very
expensive process he needs somebody to
pay his legal fees and he's very upset
that the president has abandoned him and
basically placed upon an island and so
that's the only reason you give an
interview like this is to send a message
to the president that you need help in
your legal fees and then also to try to
paint yourself as this heroic figure and
and as a good guy well guess what you
can't be a hero or a good guy you can't
be a hero or a good guy until you
actually do the right thing well he
talked specifically about this idea that
he's not a villain right in this
interview he said I will not be a
punching bag as part of anyone's defense
strategy he said I am NOT a villain of
this story and I will not allow others
to try to depict me that way does
Michael Khan have a point no he has no
point at all he's an absolute villain
he's at the center of this and all of
these shenanigans and this conduct that
went on he may not think he's a villain
but he absolutely is a doing there's no
question about that the only way that he
can write this and start to seek
forgiveness in an appropriate way and to
do the right thing is to come clean with
what he has the information that he has
and he needs to do it now and stop
paying lip service to it let me ask you
this you talked about the idea that you
believe Michael Cohen is trying to via
the airwaves send a message to the
president this is a president for whom
messages via the airwaves has sometimes
been effective do you think it will be
in this instance well I don't think it's
going to be effective because I think
that the president is notoriously cheap
doesn't pay his own bills let alone the
bills of those around them and I think
that he made a strategic mistake months
ago by putting this guy on an island I
think that he should you know not to mix
metaphors but I think he should have
brought him inside the tent kept them
inside the tent you don't take
guy that is this dumb and this
incompetent and trust your innermost
secrets to him and then put him on an
island that's a recipe for disaster
a couple couple of our topics for you
but let me just ask just the the
language that you use to talk about
colored um if you're in etc are you
comfortable with that is that the kind
of level of discourse that you want
around this well I'm comfortable with
the truth and it happens to be the truth
let me ask you about two other things
you have for weeks been hinting that
there are others that you have been
talking with similar to stormy Daniels
who are in similar positions to your
clients you've said there are other
women who have contacted you at what
point are you going to be naming names
at what point are you going to be coming
public with more of these stories if in
fact they are they exist well we can't
do anything relating to those clients
until we have their approval until they
feel comfortable so you're not married
yet with these women okay correct and if
we get there we're certainly going to
disclose it there's another story that
has you in the headlines it's one that
we've covered this idea of a prank call
that apparently got through to President
Trump on Air Force one by a former
Howard Stern sidekick
stuttering John Michael I he says that
he has been reached out to by the Secret
Service and he says that you have agreed
to represent him in this is that true
what's going on that is true
John Melendez reached out to me on
Friday asked me to consider the
representation we spoke again yesterday
he contacted me again and asked me to
represent him in connection with this I
agreed as of yesterday afternoon to be
his lawyer in connection with the
inquiry by the Secret Service and any
resulting criminal charges and so as of
right now I represent him and we're in
the process of getting to the bottom of
what happened but let me say this you
know I think the focus by the White
House and the Secret Service on this is
ridiculous
I think these resources would be better
spent on things that really matter like
me there's a real security concern that
some prankster can get through to Donald
Trump well I think there's a real
security concern but that doesn't
anything to do with potentially going
after my client I mean they know what
happened here they have at their
disposal access to the witnesses from
the White House and Air Force one that
patched through this call
but I do agree there's a significant
security concern this is a present that
talks tough on security and yet gets
pranked and it's an absolutely Barisan
it's a joke are you concerned that your
client and now I'm talking about
stuttering John mr. Melendez are you
concerned that he could be in real
trouble for this and why did you agree
to take on this case seems like you
might have plenty on your plate well
I've got a very large staff and we
handle a number of cases at any given
time I do have concern that there could
be there could be potential charges
flowing from this especially if the
president attempts to make an example
out of him in an effort to save his
damaged ego and I think there's a
likelihood of that that's one of the
reasons why I agreed to take on the
representation but you know you always
have to take these things seriously
especially when you have somebody like
Donald Trump on the other side who
hasn't been detta from time to time -
more for Michael then I promise I'll let
you go how do you respond to critics who
look at some of what you've been doing
in your representation and saying hey
Michael avenatti will take any case that
gets him into the headlines how do you
respond to that criticism no that's just
not true I've taken all kinds of cases
over the last three months that have no
headlines you know we get contacted
about a hundred times a week from people
seeking representation we take a few of
those cases you know it's just not
accurate
I mean this is what I do I fight for
people the David versus the Goliath I've
done it for 18 years the fact that some
of these cases get publicity really is
of no moment thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
