unifications make us all feel good I
mean it's really extraordinary to watch
that and you're so happy for that family
if there's still thousands of kids we
were separated who don't know they won't
tell us how many this is the heart list
it'll see everything that that senators
want to see who had oversight of this
that journalists want to see who have an
obligation is there is there a concern
about we need to be careful about
feeling too warm and fuzzy and when we
see one of these reunions oh I mean I
think I think I think seeing the
reunions is obviously a wonderful thing
both for the family and for the country
because it reminds you what the moral
stakes of this are and I think nobody
looks at that without thinking of the
two thousand children who are still in
camps in incarcerated ostensibly with no
idea when they're going to meet family
members and some as Maria was saying
family members already having been
deported so there's really no ability to
make that happen
the the callousness and heartlessness of
the Trump administration when we saw
Health and Human Services arguing with
the Department of Homeland Security over
who was in charge of the reunification
plan and it became clear that there was
no plan and no one in charge the idea
that Republicans are going to run on
this as somehow border security when
what we are talking about is indefinite
family detention and the separation of
children as young as babies I think
Americans can see straight through that
what we're talking about is what kind of
a country are we what is our moral
obligation to the people who come here
as promised to a country that takes care
of the world's refugees at all
once I do have that very real argument
and and conversation about who are we as
Americans you know when I go downtown I
see the Statue of Liberty I think about
my grandfather coming across on a boat
from Hungary all those years ago 1898
but Evan there is also a conversation to
be had about border security and I think
when you talk about some of the the
people in the middle in particular they
have those concerns
we learned last night the number of
border arrests were down in June the
first time that has happened in four
months
does that give President Trump
ammunition to say look this is working
this program that we have this this
tough new border plan is working or does
it undercut his argument we're being
overrun by immigrants and they're
causing you know potentially you not to
be safe in your home well I think
president Trump's base will buy whatever
he says facts can sometimes be stubborn
things and they view them as false and
they'll buy into whatever facts they
want to believe in the president said
about a year ago that illegal border
crossings since he came in office were
down 60% then eight went close to 80
percent another thing and a human vice
president pence in April were saying
forty percent and then the RNC the
following week sent out an email saying
oh we go border crossings are surging
this is terrible and Democrats don't
want to do anything about it and then
the following week the RNC sent out a
talking point saying President Trump has
solved the border crisis there's no real
messaging plan nobody's syncing up so I
don't know what they're doing I think
when we talk about border crossings we
really haven't talked about the real
issue which is visa overstays two-thirds
of all illegal immigrants who came to
the United States came from 2014 on in
visa overstays they enter legally and
the president doesn't address it and I
think Democrats would be very smart to
hammer the President on that point and
say if you're serious about immigration
get serious on visa overstays hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
