president Trump's ex personal attorney
Michael Cohen who has said in the past
that he would take a bullet for Trump
has reorganized his priorities in an
interview with ABC News Saturday Cohen
said a sick-ass sent a signal that if
pressed he would cooperate with
investigators here it is quote my wife
my daughter and my son have my first
loyalty and always will
I put family and country first Cohen
said once I understand what charges
might be filed against me if any at all
I will defer to my new counsel for
guidance asked how he might respond if
Trump's legal team tries to discredit
him Cohen's voice gained strength quote
I will not be a punching bag as part of
anyone's defense strategy I am NOT a
villain of the story and I will not
allow others to try and depict me that
way Cohen also said the Muller
investigation should not be called a
witch-hunt
that's disagreeing with President Trump
he repudiated Russia's attempt to
interfere in the election and said
simply accepting the denial of mr. Putin
is unsustainable Jeremy Peters it seems
Michael Cohen has found his voice it
does this was always one of the more
peculiar storylines but one that was
bound to erupt because as we all know
Trump loves his petty torments he loves
to humiliate people we've seen this with
Jeff Sessions we've seen this with Rex
Tillerson every needs our cabinet
officials and the humiliation that Cohen
was subject to over the years not just
that but the fact that he from what I'm
told has a wife who is not very fond of
Donald Trump and certainly can't be very
happy with the way that he's being
treated this probably was only just a
matter of time we'll have to wait to see
what happens okay see what do you think
I mean I would think actually it would
be nice of some replica Republicans felt
a little bit more concerned about their
reputations because at some point this
presidency ends but their political
careers if they want them what do they
do
well I think their political careers may
still be brighter regardless then
Michael Cohen seems to be in the face of
robert muller quite frankly and i think
the sense the the sense it seems to me
is that he's finally getting some very
high-quality legal advice
clearly this interview which took place
off-camera
was a very specific step in a certain
direction it had to have been designed
to send a signal one of the other things
that ABC News is reporting is that there
was an agreement previously between
Michael Cohen's attorneys and attorneys
for the president about sharing
information that's gonna get torn up now
and and that I think sends a real
concrete signal here now of course the
question is don't forget Michael Cohen
is is intimately involved was intimately
involved in the discussions around a
Trump Tower Moscow
so I'm also curious his comments about
the Russia investigation not being hoax
you know not saying that they meddled
being unsustainable what does he know
what does he have how is he involved
directly in Trump campaign ties to
Moscow yeah good question thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
