a lot to get to Canada has begun
implementing billions of dollars worth
of retaliatory tariffs on scuffed shoes
did you know the president states said
they get our shoes and then smuggle them
over the border and they scuff them so
they sound old this is clever Canada
don't get what's funny but it weren't I
mean if they look old that's one thing
but if they look old and they sound old
you're like oh no there's no way they
could have smuggled those shoes from
America tariffs worth twelve point six
billion dollars come in response to the
Trump administration steel and aluminum
tariffs a lengthy list of u.s. goods
including chocolate beef ketchup yogurt
lawnmowers maple syrup whiskey now we'll
be subject to ten or twenty five percent
tax in the words of Canada's foreign
minister whoa we will not escalate and
we will not back down on the dollar for
dollar response in China is set letter
this week to impose a tough 25 percent
tariff on US soybean in addition to
raising pork duties as part of its own
retaliatory tariffs on hundreds of
American products worth thirty four
billion dollars by the way remember
harley-davidson already moving
production there's that meanwhile
General Motors says if the Trump
administration imposes its threatened
tariffs on car imports it may be forced
to cut American jobs wages and
investment this is going well and the
Panozzo winning trade wars are easy yeah
it's easy no no this is the art of the
deal well let me show Richard I've been
noticing much of the same way I started
reading articles before the 2008 crash
of some concerns about these trade deals
causing smart capital to flee markets to
get out of markets not smart capitals
not investing in flea markets they are
fleeing markets thank you for that yeah
thank you you're welcome
and even scare Moochie said over the
weekend that he was starting to hear
from his investor friends that you know
these tariffs are starting to cause a
panic among SmartMoney yeah and there's
gonna be consequences if he doesn't back
down we're already seeing the
consequences the markets are getting
spooked by this it's not just a direct
tires that they retaliate for that in
some cases they do different things the
idea that the secretary of the Treasury
was surprised that foreign are
shockingly enough would not simply for
example put tariffs on the same products
but they would be strategic a little bit
like I'm gonna take your pawn and
instead they come back and take your
rook right well where did they get that
idea I thought trade wars are supposed
to be you know balanced right so we're
not thinking this through about our own
phone it's all the war it's called the
war Donald Trump calls it a war they're
going to fight the war back we're seeing
asymmetrical response is obviously to
inflict pain on us and what's happening
is and we're seeing it with GM and
everybody else it's the cost of the
inputs you're going up so whatever small
number of jobs we save is going to be
overwhelmed with a much larger number of
jobs that are going to be lost when
Americans stop buying goods that are far
more expensive than they were because
the costs of the raw materials and other
inputs have gone up and this is so
everybody warned him inside the White
House except forbidden tomorrow outside
the White House everybody warned him and
as we have been warning on this show
it's not going to be Donald Trump's
billionaire friends that he brags to it
you know at mar-a-lago after passing tax
cuts for them they're not going to be
the Americans that are going to be hurt
it's going to be the Americans that you
spoke with last week in your article
people who support Donald Trump the same
people that are going to be hurt when
later this year they realize that if
they have pre-existing conditions or
their children have pre-existing
conditions those are no longer going to
be covered by their health care
insurance yeah that's exactly right and
people do feel pretty good right now of
course we're still a few months out from
the election if this market pressure
economic pressure continues to grow and
build and we get closer to November and
people aren't seeing those bonuses and
their checks anymore they aren't feeling
the impact of the task
because gas prices keep spiking or costs
of consumer goods keep rising that could
be a big political threat but I think
big picture here Trump's tariff Wars his
you know his immigration Wars
everything's always cultural with Trump
right right so you have all you have
these threats from foreign nations who
are trying to punish the United States
taking advantage of us because we are
weak and then at the same time you have
the immigration Wars going on because
there are invading forces coming in to
overtake and remake our culture so this
I think all of this fits together
perfectly with exactly the kind of
president we knew we were beginning to
see a pattern to add to all this new
reporting from Axios as the White House
has drafted a bill that would allow the
u.s. to operate outside the rules of
international trade the draft
legislation essentially abandons the
framework set by the World Trade
Organization without a formal withdrawal
while the United States fair and
reciprocal tariff act would undoubtedly
face an uphill battle on Capitol Hill
because it allows the President to raise
you ektara
u.s. tariffs at will without
congressional consent the report comes
days after Trump reportedly told
government officials his desire to
withdraw the u.s. from the World Trade
Organization so let's look at the
pattern you Miche it seems to me the
patent you you talked about the culture
wars or the red meat issue like for
example the separation policy yummy Sh
the president throws out the red meat he
separates over 2,000 kids from their
parents at the border and then a couple
of weeks go by and he realizes it's
really bad PR so he pulls back on it to
try and clean up the mess but then
realizes it's not that easy to clean up
so now we are still sitting here with
over 2,000 kids separated from their
families with absolutely no word on
exactly how they're gonna be reunited
and concerned that some of them may
never be this seems to be a pattern for
this president in terms of how he
carries out his foreign policy which is
act first
throughout the red meat and then realize
it's a mess later well I think what
President Trump has tried to get a
credit for when it comes to separate the
separation of families is that he
someone who creates crisis's and then
fixes those crises there were attempts
to fix those crises and once credit for
saying hey look what I did now I'm the
one that that's getting these families
back together I interviewed a young boy
who hasn't seen his dad for over a month
who was separated from it was separated
in McAllen Texas from his dad and that
17 year old cried the entire interview
so you know there are a lot of images of
four-year-olds and I talked to this 17
year old thinking well he's 17 he'll be
a little bit more mature completely
shattered by the fact that he doesn't
know when he's gonna see his father
again but when we go to this culture
wars it's about the idea that President
Trump is saying well you have to make a
decision are you gonna choose these
families who have lost their loved ones
to undocumented immigrants who who
allegedly kill them those numbers are
very small to crime statistics show that
undocumented immigrants are not throw
are not committing crimes any more than
anyone else but there's this idea that
President Trump is saying well there's
these families that are losing that have
already lost their loved ones and then
there are these immigrants that are
brown and you don't really quite know
that are also crying which one do you
feel more sympathetic for it's the same
thing with these tears I've talked to
some Trump supporters who have said to
me even though even though there are
there are programs that have helped me
personally if the president takes them
away I'll have to do my part because we
need to stop these people in from
invading our country so I suspect that
when Trump supporters start feeling in
their paychecks that these presidents
trade wars is hurting them that they're
gonna be able to justify it to
themselves and say well I have to do my
part because we need to build that wall
that's what I think that people are
gonna say thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up to date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
