let's eat
see what Russia does so good luck we're
gonna be talking to write you about a
lot of things you think the US
Donald Trump routinely attacks America's
friends and foes alike but never the
Russians not only has he refused since
the presidential campaign to criticize
Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea on
Thursday as you just heard Trump aboard
Air Force One refused to rule out
recognizing Russia's annexation of the
Crimean Peninsula
we also learned this week that during a
meeting with French president Emmanuel
macron Trump called for France to leave
the European Union a move that would
surely pleased Russia's dictator
Vladimir Putin and Trump has continued
to criticize NATO a move right out of
putin's playbook so why does Trump's
foreign policy so often look like it
best serves Russia and not the United
States joining me now is Malcom Nance
author of the new book the plot to
destroy democracy Malcolm thank you for
being here congratulations on the new
book a good date to the plot to hack
America which was the first book where
we started talking the Atlantic quoted a
former US ambassador to Poland on why
Europe is particularly concerned about
this upcoming Trump Putin summit I read
a little bit of that Europeans in
general are apprehensive not because
they fear an American president dealing
with Russia in general but they fear
this particular president dealing with
Russia when they don't know his
strategic framework have you been able
to discern in doing this book what is
Donald Trump strategic framework why
does he want to meet with Putin well
it's very simple
and I'll be very honest Donald Trump's
strategic framework is a framework that
was created by the Russians for Donald
Trump and was presented to him at a
meeting in Moscow in November 2013 when
he had a two hours sit down at the Nobu
restaurant with the twelve richest
oligarchs of Russia and when Trump came
out of that meeting
that's when he started his you know
we're viewing very seriously his
presidential run by January 2014 we
would have Russian apparatchiks
wouldn't know well before people in the
United States but more importantly
Russia has a information warfare
technique in which they use people who
are of influence to create a perception
bubble around you so that you are given
their perception of the world and no
matter what you do go right go left make
whatever decision you are making
decisions within there
work and Donald Trump adopted their
framework very early on came out of that
meeting spouting about NATO is obsolete
the European Union should be broken up
the transatlantic alliance that we
fought World War two for that we have
had since 1945 should be realigned and
should be taken out of play and
technically an axis created between
Moscow Washington in Europe and that's
why he says these things and they seem
confusing to us but if you put it in the
perspective of Moscow he is clearly
their asset he is enunciated their point
of view in your view and in your being a
research Malcolm does Donald Trump know
that he's spouting Putin's line and is
he doing it deliberately or is he being
duped into doing it no he believes it I
think you know Trump is a very
interesting character because one thing
that we've learned about Donald Trump is
that when he gets around people that
he's comfortable with he immediately
picks up their verbage their terminology
it happened with Kim jong-un one day he
goes in and we're doing NATO yeah we're
doing exercises in South Korea the next
day we're doing provide provocative
wargames I mean he picks these things up
so this is the only thing that explains
why Trump since 2015 when he came on to
the campaign was using the exact same
terms and and and and beliefs really of
the Russian Federation he this man is
clearly in debt to Moscow in some way
they'll leave it up to Robert Muller to
figure out what the the terms and and
circumstances of that debt is but he is
not working in the interest of the
United States no President of the United
States would ever say that NATO was
obsolete no president the United States
would ever say that we should consider
NATO as something that should be
dismantled since we created it yeah or
that France should leave the European
Union and he'd give inducements to do
that very quickly before you go before
we lose time with you Malcolm it looks
like the North Korea deal has gone south
Donald Trump claimed there was no more
nuclear threat looks like they are still
in continuing enhance we now also know
that Briggs it was much more influenced
by Russia
we thought it might have even created a
back channel between national Faraj and
trump do you address those things in the
book as well well I certainly address
the brexit because what I'm trying to
lay out in this book is I'm showing you
the strategic plan that Moscow had to
re-engineer European democracies and to
destroy all of the structures which were
keeping Europe together and European
conservatism which they've completely
co-opted the United States is now
unpartitioned democracy and the Atlantic
Alliance and North Korea while we could
all have predicted North Korea was going
to cheat on this deal they know how to
talk to Trump all they had to do was
smother him with with hugs and kisses
and they would get there with their
nuclear weapons this is the book it is
the plot to destroy America Malcom Nance
has been with us at two years now
Malcolm we've been doing this yeah July
25th just keep doing it see you next
week Malcom Nance thank you very much
really appreciate you more am joy after
the break including your moment of
Maxine stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
