senator once-in-a-generation opportunity
to appoint a judge that will overturn
roe v wade listen I'm just are you
excited about that before finishing
Senate business you sure are you excited
to confirm a judge that will overturn
roe v wade
so once-in-a-lifetime opportunity is
that when you're looking forward to
taking be pretty happy you can finally
do it overturn roe v-- wade with the
right justice is it something you're
looking forward to looks like you guys
have a real shot of overturning Roe V
way is it gonna rain hey congressman are
you all feeling sorry run with it are
you optimistic about the Supreme Court
I'm sorry hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
