Trump saying he expects to make his
announcement for the nomination Monday
July 9th the Trump breaking this news
wall on a flight to New Jersey just
moments ago Trump saying that he's
interviewing six or seven people
including two women he says that it
would be appropriate to ask his but I
should say inappropriate excuse me to
ask his pick about what they think about
roe v-- wade here's what he said about
that earlier in the day are you going to
ask your nominees beforehand how they
might vote on Roe vs. Wade well that's a
big one and probably not they're all
saying don't do that you don't do that
you shouldn't do that but I'm putting
conservative people on but I don't think
I'm going to be so specific all right
with me now Howard Dean former DNC chair
and former Vermont governor and lease
plank senior producer with Vox media and
former federal prosecutor Paul Butler
great to have all three of you with us
on what is expected to be a very busy
news hour Liz let me start with you your
reaction to what we just heard there
from the president effectively saying it
would be inappropriate for him to ask
any of his potential nominees that he's
going to interview what they would do or
what they think about the Supreme Court
decision Roe Viva roe v-- wade yeah well
I think it's interesting that he uses a
term it's specific like we don't have to
be specific on that he in the past has
not been very specific about his stance
on roe v-- wade or on on abortion during
the campaign we all remember that he
said that women should be punished
perhaps for having abortions then he
said that they shouldn't and then they
said that they should and even in his
personal life he's been asked if he's
paid for a woman's abortions in a
interview with Maureen Dowd in new york
times and he will not confirm nor deny
and so i feel like he's being
wishy-washy with this and the same way
that he's been on this issue generally
speaking as a campaigner and also as a
president howard what do you think of
the president's tone today about that
particular issue in what he said in that
interview and what he was saying to the
print poll just on the flight moments
ago that's the right answer having
appointed judges myself you don't ask
them about questions like that but of
course i don't believe a word Trump says
that nobody else in America does either
so who knows what he's gonna do
when the guy really gets in or the gal
gets in there really quickly if I can
pull your reaction as well to this news
before we the widen the discussion what
do you make of the president saying that
he is not going to ask a potential
nominee whether it's appropriate or
inappropriate what they think about roe
v-- wade you don't have to ask a men
because you kind of already know and we
have evidence of this from Mike Lee the
senator from Utah who apparently is one
of the leading contenders he's on record
as saying that roe v wade is like the
infamous Dred Scott case in which the
court said that the black man has no
rights which the white man is bound to
respect but now he's auditioning for a
Supreme Court appointment so he says oh
I'd have to respect roe v wade so what
Republican appointees do is lie about
what they really think so he brings up a
really good point Paul that like by
knowing who the candidates aren't who
the nominees are on the shortlist of the
president he may already know based on
previous decisions or previous opinions
that they've written how they lean on
certain issues Howard let me ask you the
Democrats here on this does the fact
that he is potentially going to
interview two women somehow change the
Democratic strategy or those who oppose
these nominees going forward the fact
that they're on the shortlist depends
who they are the most important thing is
competence and quality and be a serious
judge and there are several in the court
who turned out not to be very serious
even though they're very smart and so
forth but they're ideologue that's not
what you're supposed to a point you're
supposed to appoint somebody who
actually follows the law and there's at
least four of them in the haven't on
issues like Bush versus gore and
citizens united so this is really this
has been a bit of a charade these
Republican judges over the last twenty
years where they pick people who will
suit their ideological litmus test all
have been vetted by the Federalist
Society which is this right-wing society
that chooses judges to to get to a
particular result and the courts in
trouble because 79 percent of Americans
believe the courts a political body
that's not a good thing for the country
it's so listen to that point and we know
that Democrats are gearing up for a
fight there's potentially three
Democrats who voted for Neal Gorsuch
when he was nominated and can
in the Senate those three senators are
still facing the same political
challenges they all are running in
states that were heavily won or strongly
won by President Trump and they're gonna
have to explain their decision to their
voters and they're their constituents
how is this likely to platt for those
three senators come the midterms and
this vote well despite all of the
political you know conversation and the
discourse that we're having right now
abortion is actually quite popular
abortion rights are quite popular in
this country seven out of ten Americans
according to Pew want to preserve roe v
wade even when you look at people who
identify as pro-life six out of ten of
them want to preserve rights to abortion
at least in certain cases and so it's
really hard to see Republicans making a
case that this is a popular measure I
mean at this point if seven out of ten
Americans are you know support roe v
wade abortion rights are more popular
than Donald Trump right now so it would
be I think foolish for even Republicans
to think that this is an issue that
loses them you know that sort of is bad
for them Paul we know that the the issue
of the Supreme Court nominees was a
mobilizing factor for Trump's base in
the general election he came out with
his list of dozens of candidates that he
said he would put forth if he had these
openings I'm curious to get your
thoughts by the politics of this now has
the issue of roe v wade become a litmus
test not only for this president but
also for his base that they're going to
use politically down the road I think
absolutely you know one way that they
were frame it is States right so if the
supreme court overturns roe versus wade
which is very likely based on almost any
of these 25 people on Trump's list
abortion wouldn't be illegal necessarily
each state would have the right to the
side and so that's probably the
political message that Trump would offer
so even if a lot of people support
abortion Trump would say well you could
still have it in your state you just
have to lobby your state legislatures
obviously given what's at stake with
this nominee and the Supreme Court pick
you can obviously expect a lot of
reaction from the Democrats let me play
you this some but from the former Vice
President Joe Biden today can
painting for Democrats in Ohio today he
also weighed in on roe v wade take a
listen what I'm worried about is basic
settle law being completely dismissed
and I believe that the president made it
clear he'd like to undo so a similar
question to you that I just asked Paul
is roe v-- wade going to be the defining
issue of this confirmation and is there
really a way for anyone any of the
Democrats who are gonna seriously
consider this nominee not just because
it's from President Trump but anyone
who's gonna seriously look at this
candidate and say there's a way to find
out what this person's views are on this
issue
well they'll heaven haw I mean the other
you know Joe Biden just said you know
it's the if they the person just gonna
be appointed by the Trump is gonna get
rid of it that actually is even Roberts
claimed that he was a it was settled law
now if you take him at his word which I
don't yeah he'll he'll have to vote to
sustain the president I don't think
that's going to happen so you know this
is a delicate dance where many people
say things that aren't true and they
know are true when they say them and
then we have to see what they do on the
bench what do you make liz' the
announcement that it's on July 9th not
so much the date but the fact that he
seems to be rushing this decision do you
think that they're obviously weighing
that it's going to be something to
mobilize the base in the midterm if the
Democrats try to stall this nomination
process in whatever ways that they can
absolutely I mean women and men across
this country are fired up they did not
think I mean a lot of special young vote
on both sides of the aisle er I think on
the Democratic side start by you know
the idea that roe v wade could be put
into question I mean most of us young
voters well I can't vote in this country
because I'm Canadian but most people who
do voting we're young people you know
didn't grow up in a pre Roe era they've
only known a world where you know
abortion is legal and you know I just
want to say also it's not just because
portion is legal that it's accessible in
this country there are you know even if
we don't overturn roe v wade there are
many laws that are in place right now
Iowa just yesterday
a six week ban on abort I'm easy you
can't get an abortion after six weeks
which is for many women you don't even
know that you're pregnant yet and so in
abortion deserts in many cities across
this country so even if this doesn't
even if Roby way does not overturn we
still have a lot of work to do in terms
of guaranteeing women reproductive
rights that's it I mean this is going to
be a central issue in the campaign no
matter what happens because young people
are driving our party and they drove us
in Virginia and knocked off 15
incumbents and they're gonna drive us
through the general election and there
are a lot of sympathy for people even in
conservative states when they're younger
to keep the status quo I want to read
you guys a little bit of this New York
Times because they were reporting that
Trump's campaign to convince Justice
Kennedy to retire it saying that the
White House waged a quiet campaign to
ensure that mr. Trump had a second
opportunity to change the complexion and
the direction of the Supreme Court how
much of this is driven by president
Trump's desire to leave a lasting legacy
I mean if he picks somebody you know 40s
50s even as late as the 30s it is going
to be a generational shift for the
Supreme Court well I mean it's pretty
unseemly really it turns out the Justice
Kennedy's apparently the one that was
from some financial lifeline when he was
working at Deutsche Bank and no other
bank would lend him money because he
wouldn't pay his creditors
that's pretty unseemly I've never heard
that the Supreme Court before there have
been some pretty awful decisions but
I've never heard of a justices son being
so tight with the president they could
cook something like this up there'll be
a lot of questions about that if it
turns out to be true that's gonna tar
Justice Kennedy's legacy I think Trump's
is permanently tarred anyways you can't
make it much worse yeah I agree with
Howard that it's unseemly but it's also
extremely strategic on the part of the
Republicans they've always understood
the power of the appointment process for
the federal bench in a way that
sometimes the Democrats haven't gotten
because it's not just abortion that's
under on the law even though that's
extremely important it's also voting
rights are the power of corporations
school desegregation affirmative action
every
things not just up for grabs but over
and done if Trump gets to make this
appointment so Paul do you think that
Trump here has has been somewhat
underestimated for how strategic he has
been in this absolutely so he nominated
Gore six eleven days after his
inauguration that's super quick he's
going to do the same thing with regard
to his next appointment to try to get
this man or woman in and doing their
conservative work before the midterm
elections Liz this promises to be the
most expensive fight over Supreme Court
pick probably that this country has ever
seen you talked a minute ago about how
this is going to mobilize you know Young
Democrats and others who are in favor of
abortion or the women's right to have an
abortion let me ask you the flip side if
in fact we go into the midterms without
a Supreme Court pick confirmed and the
future of this pick depends on who wins
isn't that going to mobilize the
president's base because we know it was
a central issue again for them it was
one of the most important issues in the
general election
absolutely look we are wins that fight
right I mean we already knew that the
midterm was going to be have a higher
voter turnout than the previous one
which was abysmally low especially with
young voters and and I think what we're
going to see I mean this is arguably the
most important election in our lifetime
especially against speaking for young
voters who are being riled up and we're
seeing you know people who had never
voted before in the New York election
that just happened this week
demographics and again these young
people who don't show up at midterms
usually will be showing up and it will
be I mean this thing hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
