an explosive story tonight the New York
Times is now reporting that roses sign
told colleagues he believed he was used
quote in the days after the FBI director
James Comey was fired last year Road
riot Rosenstein repeatedly expressed
anger about how the White House used him
to rationalize the firing saying the
experience damaged his reputation
according to four people familiar with
his outbursts
well those sources describe the Deputy
Attorney General as seemingly conflicted
quote roses line alternately defended
his involvement expressed remorse at the
tumult in at least and said the White
House had manipulated him however if
Rosen Stein did feel manipulated there
may be good reason that's because the
president's behavior in the days that
followed Comey Safari suggests that he
used roses size memo as an alibi rather
than cite the memo Trump told Lester
hone however that the Russian
investigation was the reason he fired
Comey
but regardless of recommendation I was
going to fire call me knowing there was
no good time to do it and in fact when I
decided to just do it I said to myself I
said you know this Russia thing with
Trump and Russia is a made-up story oh
yeah well the president also met with
Russian diplomats in the Oval Office and
he repeatedly told them I faced great
pressure because of Russia that's taken
off well it was after those statements
that roses on appointed the special
counsel to oversee the probe according
to the New York Times upon learning of
the appointment mr. Trump erupted in
anger saying he needed someone
overseeing the investigation who would
be loyal to him I'm joined right now by
the author of this new New York Times
report Michael Schmidt of The Times was
also an MSNBC contributor democratic
congressman eric SWA well he sits on the
House Judiciary Committee and Barbara
McQuade is a former US attorney and
MSNBC legal analyst I want to start with
Michael about this this is a hell of a
story because it talks about how what we
thought at the time with the roses I was
doing with the president one of the do
but not what he thought was really the
whole story Rosen Stein had been Debbie
Attorney General for a week and a half
when this happens the president wanted
to send this
to Jim Comey that said why he wanted to
get rid of him the White House Counsel
saw it Dom again he said this is not a
good idea we need to come up with a
cleaner reason for this the president's
letter was rambling it went on and on
and they did also mention Russia the
Russian investigation so McGann brings
in sessions in Rosenstein Rosen Stein
offers to write this memo the memo is
ultimately the main argument the White
House uses to explain the Comey firing
they stand on the White House lawn the
night of the firing and they read from
the letter and explain to people that
that Comey had to go because he was too
harsh on Hillary Clinton if you're
Robert mower and his associates and
you'd now realize or you've realized now
for months perhaps that roses I felt he
was used and he didn't feel he was being
accurate in her and certainly at all
honest about the reasons for the firing
what would that tell you about
obstruction of justice
well Muller's known this probably for a
year this is nothing that is that but
the public didn't know it the public did
not know it but this is the thing this
is a very important period of time it's
a little more than a week between when
Comey is fired and Muller is appointed
and what Trump defenders and Trump's
lawyers would say it's a well Rosenstein
was more than happy to be part of the
Comey firing and then several days later
appoints Muller to investigate the same
thing that he was a part of he's now
overseeing it and he's a chief witness
in this well let me go back to let me go
to the congressman on this first of all
but connects was flawed thank you for
joining us from Stanford out there what
do you make of the fact that now we know
on the record from the New York Times
this hell of a report here that roasts I
knew and said so at the time he was used
that that wasn't the reason for the
firing of coming the reason was probably
Russia and the cover-up of course the
president used him Chris the president
uses everyone around him and right now
he's trying to fool the American people
that he really cares about them it's
always been about Donald Trump I don't
believe rod Rosen Stein should recuse
himself this is a question that he has
posed the Department of Justice I
believe he was sincere when he asked
them if he should recuse themselves and
they have advised that he shouldn't so
Republicans now have a real interest in
whether he should be recused we saw that
at our Judiciary Committee hearing but
that's not because they want
make sure that this investigation is
done right it's because they want to
delay obstruct and do everything they
can to stop Bob Muller from making the
progress he needs to make in this
investigation and now we must insist
that Rosen Stein and Muller stay and if
Rosen Stein is fired it would be treated
the same as if Moeller were fired
Barbara always seemed to me and I think
that most people following this whole
rush investigation at the heart of of
obstruction if you want to believe there
was obstruction was the firing of Comey
because was coming at this
president and the president got rid of
Comey because of that reason he came up
with other reasons thanks to the help of
Rosen Stein who agreed as Deputy
Attorney General to craft a memo that
suggested if I claimed it wasn't a
cover-up it was really just because
something that there was other issues
the way that they only treated Hillary
Clinton in the campaign etc what's this
mean - what obstruction an investigation
yeah I think this is one more piece of
evidence that could add to a theory of
obstruction of justice you know when
someone lies about something they did or
offers a pretext for something they did
it causes you to wonder if they are not
hiding their consciousness of guilt I
know what I did was wrong therefore I
have to come up with a lie that explains
the real reason whenever there's a jury
question on obstruction of justice and
in this instance maybe it would be a
Senate question whoever is the
fact-finder they're told in their
instructions that because no one can
read someone else's mind to determine
what was in someone's mind and their
intent you have to look at all of the
facts and circumstances the totality of
the circumstances what a person said and
did so I think this is one more item on
the list that Robert Muller can point to
about what was said and done that could
add to the mix to establish obstruction
of justice and that corrupt intent
that's necessary one more item on the
list anyway to the Congress an earlier
point rose this time was asked if he
couldn't would refuse himself after
overseeing the special counsels probe
because of his role and commis firing
let's watch what he said seems like you
should be recused from this more so than
Jeff session just because you were
involved in making decisions affecting
both prongs of this investigation why
haven't you done that congressman I can
assure you that we were appropriate for
me to recuse I'll be more than happy to
do so and let somebody else handle this
but it's my responsibility to do it
well there we have a problem there
Michael Smith you're reporting today
what is it going to do it seems like the
in the kind of almost twisted way in
which the opposition to this
investigation have operated they might
say well you know the fact that this
Rosa Stein was upset about the fact he
was used by the president biased him to
the point when he went out and hired
Robert Moore to investigate the
president I know how they think
but it's another Benghazi to them
another weird rabbit hole to go down but
this shows all the different sort of
roles that Rosen Stein is playing at the
same time despite the fact that he was
part of the Comey firing in favor of
doing that you have representative SWA
well a Democrat saying we really need to
keep him around for the Democrats they
think he's their best bet and they were
afraid of what Trump would put at the
top of the Justice that's the sort of
the red line for them I don't know if
they could enforce the red line they
don't have the power to do that but they
keep on saying oh you can't do that well
Congress spent at that point it seems to
me as we've sitting around here with the
producers today for this program we're
trying to figure out what stops this
president from getting rid of Muller
what stops him is rod Rosenstein and
Jeff Sessions to some extent but mainly
roses on who appointed him is that true
and is that why the Republicans on your
committee and elsewhere seemed to always
be targeting always targeting Rosen
Stein from a variety of directions
yeah the first Crist are trying to put
an asterisk on this investigation should
it bring more indictments especially if
it hits the president or his family but
what stops the president is public
sentiment he wants to be popular he
wants to be like that is more important
than doing the right thing we saw that
when it came to separating mothers from
their children at the border only
because it became unpopular did he do
the right thing and I think he fears
because the American people have been
quite loud about this and the public
polling shows this that if he were to
fire Moeller or if he were to fire Rosen
Stein that Republicans would move on him
and they would view that as obstruction
of justice
I fear though that the committee that
would have to hold him responsible first
the House Judiciary Committee is lost
because they're doing all they can right
now to to make sure that he has a green
light to fire molar and Rosen stuff
before more senior soon as more senior
members are not was like the nu√±ez means
do nothing anyway what do you think if
he were to fire a mower or try to fire
roses
rather that they would Nixon eyes them
Trump yes yes yes too much to the
leadership in the Republican Party I
believe that is their own red line
because that's also where the public is
on this and in the polling again
reflects that but at the House Judiciary
Committee they are his fixers in
Congress that is you know about twenty
Michael Cohen's sitting there trying to
fix this investigation in the
president's favor well it must be great
sitting next to my by the way I thought
it was interesting they separate the
steps the minority the majority stabs by
some kind of partition do you think that
was part of the effort so they could go
about their business of saving this
president's neck without your committee
and staff people getting involved yes
they have taken away the the bipartisan
comedy that we've had in this in Prior
Congress's against solely to protect the
president not to protect the democracy
or the ballot box in our future
elections and I think they're gonna pay
a price in November Chris because people
just want someone to push the big big
red button that stops the wrecking ball
that's Donald Trump as I mentioned this
comes as rod Rosenstein the Deputy
Attorney General finds himself under
attack by House Republicans seeking to
undermine him or otherwise sabotage this
whole Russian probe in that Judiciary
Committee hearing yesterday Republicans
who have effectively swamped the Justice
Department document request accused
Rosen sign of hiding information from
them here's a tense exchange with
Congressman Jim Jordan one of the
lawyers you keep an information mr.
Rosen Stein why are you keeping
information from Congress person I'm not
keeping any information from Congress I
don't know why you won't give us what
we've asked for sir I certainly hope
that your colleagues are not under that
impression that is not accurate sir it
is accurate we have caught you high
discrimination with your statement that
I'm personally keeping information from
you trying to conceal information here
at the boss mr. Rosas time that's
correct
and my job is to make sure that we
respond to your concerns we have sir
well even congressman trey Gowdy who
once defended the special counsel piled
on there urging Rosa Stein to expedite
the mower investigation here he goes
we've seen the bias we've seen the bias
we need to see the evidence if you have
evidence of wrongdoing by any member of
the Trump campaign campaign present it
to the damn grand jury whatever you got
finish it the hell up because this
country is being torn apart I've heard
suggestions that we should just close
the investigation I think the best thing
we can do is finish it appropriately and
reach a conclusion well yeah that's
congressman Gatti's criticism of the
pace of the Russia probe is disingenuous
at best as the chairman of the Benghazi
committee remember that one galley spent
two and a half years investigating
Hillary Clinton which concluded without
it's single indictment it got nowhere
because there was nowhere to go
in contrast the mummer probe it's going
on for a little more than a year and has
already produced more twenty indictments
you know I wanna go back the consequence
was the politician there you know this
reminds me of an era of the Nixon probe
which led to the removal the president
by resignation there was an error in the
toward the end when the Nixon defenders
a small cage was still around began to
say get off his back leave of him on
rabbi Korff was this conservative a
church man who wa who basically led the
cause it became almost ludicrous I've
noticed it with 90% of Republican voters
supporting a Trump now that people like
get a Gowdy even the guys like here
jumping aboard the the last chance
saloon here that's right Chris but again
the American people want to see this
investigation concluded however to mr.
Gowdy I would say when you lie to
investigators when you tamper with
witnesses as Paul Manafort has done and
when you refuse to sit in the chair even
when you've been given the questions
that the FBI wants to ask you it's gonna
take longer so if you do that we could
finish it the hell up is the president
going to testify this year or not no I
don't think he would ever do that no I
don't see him ever doing that he's never
met the truth in his life and he does
not want to meet this investigation
teams
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
