this is your hometown you were a
paperboy delivering the Gazette years
ago talk to us about what this
publication is to your community
especially at a time when local
newspapers are more and more scarce
stuff it's a small town you know there
just aren't that many people here 30,000
people in Annapolis the paper you know
this morning on social media I saw three
different people from Annapolis friends
who had been profiled by Wendy winners
she was one of the journalists who was
killed yesterday and so we call it the
crab wrapper here we say that with
affection but there was nothing remotely
political about this paper its
editorials were straight down the middle
and it very much did the work of a local
paper
I keep coming back to Wendy winners she
was active in my wife's church and she
wrote the team of the week feature she
wrote the the home of the week feature
this is this is the work that a local
paper does so that we understand who we
are Annapolis is lucky to have a local
paper but I got to tell you right now
where we're standing is outside the city
about 15 years ago the paper because it
it couldn't afford to be in the city
that couldn't afford to have a building
above its presses anymore moved out here
outside the city limits and this is
again these challenges are happening to
papers all over the country stuff I got
to show you it this is the paper you
know I subscribe to the capital this is
the paper that came to my home this
morning the opinions section is left
blank only the names of the people who
were killed but I have to read to you
tomorrow this page will return to its
steady purpose of offering our readers
informed opinion about the world around
them that they might be better citizens
and that's the work that local papers do
Brenden I'm so sorry I know how hard
this story hits you and your family Glen
I want to talk about his defamation suit
Ramos lost his defamation suit against
the paper and authorities are calling
this a targeted attack what does that
tell you about a possible motive here
well Stephanie I think what I found most
troubling when I saw the timeline that
is emerging it looks like the original
incident with a woman he allegedly
stalked
started almost a decade ago in 2009 he
then filed suit for defamation once the
the paper printed the column and then
that suit was dismissed in 2012 he
appealed that dismissal and in 2015 an
appellate judge
similarly dismissed his appeal now I
think the question we have to ask
ourselves not only as law enforcement
and prosecutors but just as the the
American public why three years later
does he then choose to take up a weapon
burst into the the news organization and
opened fire what is it that inspired him
or encouraged him or emboldened him at
this moment three years after his appeal
was denied to take up arms and begin
killing journalists we can all speculate
about the toxic atmosphere that we seem
to be living in right now when there are
calls for violence against journalists
but I'll tell you that was the most
troubling aspect of the timeline from
three years later he decides to open
fire Jim can you answer that question
I mean 2015 was the last time this case
got dismissed and now here we are three
years later that's a that's a long time
to wait if it's revenge well you know
when people say that the fella snapped
it's never the case it's always a simmer
and a slow boil and as Glen outlined you
know a 10 years here seven with the
newspaper of a slow pot boiling this guy
is doing all these things you know he's
not cooperating with detectives right
now Stephanie but he's already
previously put hundreds of postings on
Twitter about the Gazette some direct
threats back in 2013 and talking about
wanting to see reporters dead this guy
talked about Charlie Hebdo on his on his
Wow Twitter when he had you know a feud
with the paper this guy was hiding in
plain sight and I think hopefully the
Maryland authorities when they get
through the case will go back and do a
hot wash after-action report because if
there was a possibility of making
charges against this guy for these
threats previously maybe he would have
been convicted of a felony threat and he
couldn't have purchased the shotgun so
easily that amazing GB sometime so you
take Twitter posts previous threats
saying he wants to go after them and
that guy can walk in and take a gun Jim
what can you tell us help me understand
how he obscured his fingerprints making
his identification difficult and they
identified him by using facial
recognition software what do you make of
that yeah this guy thinks he's too
clever by half Stephanie he thought he
could get by he's kind to make his
threats a little bit veiled he seems
he's very clever even when he talked to
his original victim you can't do
anything to me that goes hand in hand
with maybe him trying to destroy his
fingerprints and he might have thought
he could have escaped this killing he
didn't come with you know bandoleros of
ammunition and such he had a some smoke
grenades and the shotgun a pump shotgun
might carry seven rounds he had to
reload so I think there's a possibility
here this guy thought he could do this
escape but he didn't plan on in Roanoke
County PD being so fast and that kind of
caught him unaware he's not gonna like
jail he's an obsessive guy he's mad all
the time he's obstinate at everybody
this is a guy that has a lot of
conflicts in his life and collects
grudges he collects him he saves them
and then he boils them and this is a guy
that can be seen by authorities and
police and mental health professionals
we just got a look
and we got to do even minimal security
on every business because every business
every place a work school office there's
somebody related to somebody who knows
somebody about that business domestic
issues money issues that could be a
threat and we got to open our eyes and
take some basic minimum security
procedures locking the door some cameras
a buzzer access don't let a guy you know
for seven years just walk in and start
slaughtering you Brendan before we go
take me back to Annapolis a reporter for
The Gazette chase cook posted this tweet
last night I can tell you this we're
putting out a damn paper tomorrow I mean
that tweet it really embodies the spirit
of these hard-working local journalists
I want you to talk to us about the
impact on a personal level especially
when it happens this close to home I you
know Stefan I came here last night and I
covered this like the hundreds of other
journalists who were here that's what we
do you you've done this you just you go
to the place where things are happening
and you do your best to try and explain
to the world what you know I went home
after that and my kids were still up and
one of my daughters asked me whether I
was still safe and I said no look I just
work in an office and sometimes offices
are dangerous and at a journalism a
press room is is just exactly like any
other office and then I thought well is
that any better I don't know I there's
been a lot of talk on social media among
a Napolitan is about being an apple is
strong and and I think that's okay I
don't I don't feel that I feel like I
want to be a citizen of America where
this doesn't happen strong I want to be
I want to be that kind of strong so look
you know we're going through what you go
through people know people at the
Capitol we're all talking about it
and we're sad but this this will roll on
this story will move on and this will
still be a thing that happens in America
and I'm at a loss to understand how it
is that it keeps happening to be honest
I don't know I talked last night to the
police chaplain at a
apple√≠s and and she said that she was
amazed at how many active shooter drills
that companies in the building had been
through they were prepared for this and
she said I don't think we understand
that no place is safe
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
