day 5:25 of this Trump administration
which now finds itself facing twin
battles that will likely define the
Trump presidency for years to come for
starters there is that opening on the
Supreme Court which the president made
sure to bring up again today we're gonna
pick ourselves one great United States
Supreme Court justice we're gonna start
working on that process we've already
started and hopefully we're going to
make you very proud and tonight there
was confirmation that a formidable White
House lobbying effort aimed at
potentially wobbly Republican senators
is already up and running before there
is even a nominee that we know of press
secretary Sarah Sanders wrote tonight
that the president met with senators
Grassley Collins Murkowski Manchin
Donnelly and Heitkamp to discuss the
Supreme Court vacancy the POTUS team
also talked with more than a dozen other
senators today as part of ongoing
outreach to get views and advice from
both sides of the aisle the other battle
this president is fighting and the other
front we are covering tonight would be
of course the Muller investigation and
this one line from the 12 president's
Twitter feed this morning may say it all
this is the American president pointing
out quote Russia continues to say they
had nothing to do with meddling in our
election again that's the Russian
argument long ago disproven by our US
intelligence community the president
also attacked the special counsel by
name today quote when is Bob Muller
going to list his conflicts of interest
why is it taken so long will they be
listed at the top of his 22 million
dollar report what about the 13 angry
Democrats will they list their conflicts
with crooked Hillary and what is going
on in the FBI and DOJ with crooked
Hillary the DNC and all of the lies a
disgraceful situation the president's
comments were a curtain raiser really
for today's hearing where his team the
Republicans in the house went after the
president's own appointees the FBI
director and most especially Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
it's really the Rosen Stein
investigation you appointed Mahler
you're supervising Muller seems like you
should be recused from this more so than
Jeff Sessions you congressman I can
assure you that we're appropriate for me
to recuse I'll be more than happy to do
so I wonder why you won't give us what
we've asked for sir I certainly hope
that your colleagues are not under that
impression that is not accurate sir it
is accurate we have caught you hidin
chairman if you have evidence that this
president acted inappropriately
presented to the American people
whatever you got finish it the hell up
said the man who spent nearly two and a
half years and over seven million
dollars investigating Hillary Clinton
and Benghazi and found no evidence of
wrongdoing that was followed by more
questions to Rosenstein about the length
of the investigation is the special
counsels investigation taking too long
as he deliberately slowed his pace sir I
can assure you that director Muller is
moving as expeditiously as possible mr.
riah are you one of those 13 angry
Democrats that my Republican colleagues
keep referring to I do not consider
myself an angry Democrat mr. resident
Dean are you a Democrat I'm not a
Democrat and I'm not angry there are
reports the special counsel is opening
up new angles of inquiry in the Russia
investigation tonight The Washington
Post says Muller's team is looking at
ties between brexit supporters linked to
Russian officials and the Trump campaign
there are also reports that Muller has
subpoenaed another former aide the
longtime Trump advisor Roger stone that
aide Andrew Miller reported to have
worked briefly for mr. stone around the
GOP convention 2016 we heard from
another longtime Trump associate today
Michael Cohen sending this message quote
my family and I are owed an apology
after two years 15 hours of testimony
before House and Senate under oath and
producing more than 1,000 documents
dossier miss reports 15 allegations
about me my entire statement must be
quoted I had nothing to do with Russian
collusion or meddling it's unknown what
may have prompted that Emily Jane Fox of
Vanity Fair reports tonight
as Cohen debates whether to cooperate
with the feds one person she spoke to
wish to get a message out to Cohen that
person said quote please let him know
that he could go down in history as the
man that saved his country I think his
family would be so proud of him on that
note let's bring in our leadoff panel on
a Thursday evening Kimberly Atkins chief
Washington reporter for the Boston
Herald Jonathan Lemire White House
reporter for The Associated Press and
Cynthia ox nia a former federal
prosecutor veteran of the Civil Rights
Division at the Justice Department
Cynthia I'd like to begin with you if
that's okay and that is this the center
the center left and the left woke up
this morning after the fog of the news
about Justice Kennedy leaving the court
with the realization that this president
will be selecting a judge a man or a
woman who will be seated on the court
presumably in time to potentially
adjudicate the President of the United
States what's your thinking about that
well I think their first thought was
this was a this would probably be
somebody who would help overturn roe v
wade and that somewhere between 15 and
18 states abortion would be illegal
within the next year so that was the
first thought the second thought is of
course you know one more tragedy for
what's happening to our justice system
and it doesn't appear to me that there's
really a way to stop it the president is
meeting with these senators to shore
that up I mean all we can do I think at
this point is hope and pray that some of
the women the female Republican senators
come through and and stick with their
their strong feeling that roe v wade is
the law of the land
and should be upheld but but really it's
it's kind of a hopeless time Kim Atkins
on that note the president wakes up in
Wisconsin and starts on social media
talking about Robert Muller what do you
think that's about I mean it's about
what he has been railing against for
months now this investigation no matter
what other wins he may have
and the ability to appoint another
Supreme Court justice and really
galvanize the entire Republican Party
around him I can't think of a bigger
political win for him this week but he
is still so focused on this
investigation which leads people to
wonder and some Democrats have been
wondering aloud if there would be a
conflict in him appointing a Supreme
Court justice who would ultimately may
be asked to decide whether the president
if Robert Miller subpoenas him or tries
to compel his testimony and he refuses
that would go to the Supreme Court can a
president be indicted that's a question
that would go to the Supreme Court if
the president fires Robert Muller what
if any recourse Congress or other
investigators would have that's also a
question that's open legally so for the
president to be in the position to
appoint the person who is ultimately
deciding that you have senators like
Cory Booker openly saying that that
would be inappropriate in a way to push
back on that we also know that the
president has reportedly at times been
grumbled that Neil gorsek justice Neil
Gorsuch hasn't been as loyal to him as
he wanted so the question is arising
will the court will the president put a
loyalty test to the Supreme Court
nominee that he puts forward it really
ties together the Supreme Court pick and
this Muller investigation in a really
unique way
Jonathan Lemire our colleagues over at
the New York Times tonight are out with
a clean kill Maggie Haberman Adam Liptak
I will quote from it tonight President
Trump
singled out Justice Kennedy for praise
even while attacking other members of
the Supreme Court the White House
nominated people close to him to
important judicial posts members of the
Trump family forged personal connections
their goal was too short to assure
justice Anthony M Kennedy that his
judicial legacy would be in good hands
should he step down at the end of the
courts term that ended this week as he
was rumored to be considering allies of
the White House were more blunt warning
the 81 year old Justice that time was of
the essence there was no telling they
said
would happen if Democrats gained control
of the Senate after the November
elections and had the power to block the
president's choice as his successor I
know you are of the mind that thing's
Supreme Court justice related our areas
where this White House has performed
that's right this is the second time for
a White House that's been gripped with
such dysfunction more often than not
they effectively vetted and rolled out
the pic of Judge Gorsuch last year and
of course he was confirmed and took his
seat on the bench and now this and this
the Kennedys departure is actually sort
of a two-part strategy that led us to
this moment one that predates Trump
let's remember of course the Mitch
McConnell would not hold hearings from
Merrick garland President Obama's choice
in 2016
saying that that she wouldn't be right
for a lame-duck president to nominate
someone to the bench the Republicans for
a while now have really prioritized
Supreme Court seats
saying that was their strategy even as
they saw sort of long-term demographic
trends in this country going against
them the country becoming more urban and
perhaps less white they thought that a
bulwark could exist in the Supreme Court
and they moved forward in this way and
Donald Trump as a candidate smartly
released these names of potential
justices which allowed Republicans some
who were very lukewarm on him to say
well I may not like everything about
Donald Trump but if I vote for him I can
get a justice that will uphold my values
and then we're seeing a lot of this
reporting how the Trump White House
including Ivanka Trump the President
himself others around him sort of sealed
the deal with Justice Kennedy and made
him feel comfortable willing to step
aside thinking that someone that would
share his ideological values his views
in the law would take his place
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
