there are a couple of things that the
president said to us in the Oval Office
yesterday I was there as part of the
pool of what he wants to bring up Syria
Russia's support of Assad but also
Ukraine he mentioned that presumably
Crimea he did not answer whether or not
he will bring up election interference
and particularly given his tweet this
morning there are some real concerns
among some of the president's critics
that he doesn't seem to be buying his
own Intel officials assessments on this
why do you think the president seems to
still doubt this well it's a good
question it there is unanimity within
the intel's community indeed within the
national security establishment the US
government as well as with our allies
that the russians did interfere in the
2016 election i think mr. Trump is
turning a blind eye to it because it
doesn't help what he wants to do it
poses an obstacle an impediment to
having continuing this relationship with
his good friend mr. Putin I'm also very
concerned about what hasn't been done to
protect our next elections this year as
well as 2020 there needs to be more
things done not just in terms of letting
Russia know that this is intolerable
but also to better protect that
environment so that Russia and other
actors are not going to have the
opportunity to try to manipulate the
electoral process but when you get the
why of the question and you address
it'll literally say he worries that it's
an obstacle you believe to try to get
things done is it a legitimacy thing is
it a what is it about that well there
was a combination of factors as you
point out I think he is concerned that
if he gives credence to that it will
raise questions more questions people's
mind about whether or not Donald Trump
was legitimately elected president of
States he clearly is very fearful of the
Moller investigation other things that
are trying to get to the bottom of the
relationship between Russia and those
who might have been supporting mr. Trump
during the campaign but I do think he is
you know when he talks about the size of
his crowds and the electoral victory he
always embellishes and basically just
misleads the American people about the
the situation and what the facts I want
to talk more about your view on
President Trump but before I do I want
to get to the point that bill was
talking about this idea that allies are
really concerned Secretary of State John
Kerry spoke with our own Andrea Mitchell
about this at the Aspen ideas festival
here's what he had to say and I'm
curious as to how you would react to
this what makes this different
is the g7 meeting that just took place
the rancor within our allies and the
suspicions the deep resentment they have
for the secondary sanctions that they've
decided to impose because we've pulled
out of a ran deal but all the other
countries are still in the deal and that
territory extraterritoriality and and
challenge to sovereignty is really
angering MacGraw Merkel may and and the
leaders of the region so secretary Kerry
former secretary Kerry talks about the
concerns that Allies have here as
President Trump and you mentioned North
Korea again having met with alle met
with allies I'm meeting with an
adversary here as president Trump again
meeting with allies at one summit then
moving on and immediately talking with
somebody who's long been considered in
many ways an adversary well well he is
giving in to mr. Putin I think that is
the concern of the allies have and the
allies especially the European allies in
NATO feel that Russia is presents a
threat both in terms of their continued
interference in their elections which
they which they do but also the
influence that Russia is exerting over
the European continent that the United
States used to be the defender of our
European allies and to push back against
the Russians the fact now that mr. Trump
is aligning himself with mr. Putin so
it's a concern is Putin playing the
president I fortunate I think mr. Trump
is either not smart enough to realize
that mr. Trump is playing him or he
doesn't care and it is quite unfortunate
because again the NATO summit is coming
up it's almost 70 years of this alliance
and partnership that is built on liberty
democracy and rule of law and it seems
as though mr. Trump does not really take
those very important values that are
that undergird the NATO alliance
seriously
so catering to the authoritarian leaders
of the world which is what he's doing in
terms of mr. putin kim jaalin and others
it's very dispiriting I think to those
who really believe strongly in the
United States has to demonstrate this
leadership we're the president to be
watching this moment of cable news right
now you wouldn't like what he's hearing
from you he
problems with things that you've said in
the past as you are fully aware you are
the subject of a new New York Times
magazine piece called the spymaster
steps out of the shadows talking about
how you've increasingly become more
vocal of taking on this president noting
that you don't call him President Trump
you called him mr. Trump right why I've
worked for six presidents worked very
closely and directly for three President
Clinton President Bush 43 and President
Obama all of them I I think deserved the
respect and admiration of the American
people I didn't agree with their
policies but I think what mr. Trump is
doing is really unconscionable in terms
of continuing to advocate for his own
personal interests and doing things that
I think are contrary to many years of
the United States global role as well as
his continued misleading and telling
lies to American public he has no
credibility right now and I take issue
with having a person in the Oval Office
who doesn't represent those traits those
those qualities that we should expect of
a president you've called him a danger
to national security in your view is
this president a danger to democracy
well I think he is in terms of some of
the things that he has done and said
strong words well they are strong words
but I think you look at mr. Trump what
he does in these various rallies he is
increasing divisiveness in this country
he is one of the principal reasons why
we have such a polarized electorate out
there and populist thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
