right Steve you really you really care
about this don't you you have a look at
how the president's trade policy
specifically with China are affecting
American workers and consumers yeah for
sure we're done with the sports section
right yeah I don't know okay so we can
talk about how Trump's tariffs have had
an had an effect on the US and it's not
a particularly good one let's start with
steel so as we all know Trump put
tariffs on steel and look what happens
steel prices went up twenty eight
percent since the wait wait Steve who
could have ever seen that coming I you
know it was a surprise to all of us oh
wait I think everybody warned him didn't
everybody was surprised all of us and
it's an equally a surprise to all of us
that steel in Europe is now 50% of the
cost of steel here so that's good for
steel workers here the problem is there
aren't so many steel workers here there
are only about 80,000 steel workers here
so it's good for 80,000 people I mean
how many does it hurt though the 900,000
people who work in industries that
actually use to own and who are not
going to be able to make it here there
was an interesting so you're saying it
hurts the people in the red and helps
the people the tiny amount of people in
the blue that is the fact but wait wait
even those people in blue don't they buy
items made of steel so isn't it hurting
their paycheck also and they're going to
pay more for all of them everything
they'll pay more for every everything
that has steel on it they're going to
pay so everybody pays more so really in
fact everybody's a loser well there's
probably a few of those we all have and
steel workers who will do okay but yes
this is this is going to hurt everybody
maybe maybe the people that that owned
the steel companies might do well but
working-class Americans are
working-class Americans are losers when
they go to the store because of Donald
Trump's tariffs tax that is true but now
let's the other side of the equation
we'll see who could have predicted that
they'll see some more losers no of
course not surprisingly our competitors
have retaliated on us and you can take a
look at what's happened to soybean
prices China put a 25 percent tariff as
that other countries on soybean prices
and you can see what has happened at
soybean price yeah and who
could have predicted this wait wait
people have been predicting this at
soybean farmers were going to be
absolutely crushed by this and soybeans
are our number one agricultural
commodity it may not sound like much you
may think you only eat it in soy sauce
when you go to a Chinese restaurant but
in fact it is the major feedstock for
animals and our biggest agricultural
export well and it's Dan said in my ear
most importantly whiskey and of course
most importantly for Jon Meacham of
course you think those soy lattes are
expensive now they're really expensive
right if you move from the soy latte to
the Jack Daniels in the course of a
morning if you're gonna hit twice Jack
Daniel it's called you know that's
called let's cut the meat sometimes both
in the morning very target and by the
way it's not a coincidence that the
Chinese put tariffs on soybeans because
our biggest soybean producer you are
like well Iowa but also places like
North Dakota like Missouri like Indiana
would where where there are Democrats
running for reelection in red states and
now they're going to be able to blame
Trump for what's happening in soybean
prices but you mentioned whiskey so
let's take a look at what's happened to
whiskey and the best way to look at
what's happened to whiskey is a company
called brown-forman brown-forman
makes Jack Daniels as mr. Meacham well
knows brown Foreman's head that number
also goes down to be out to be fair to
Donald Trump that number also goes down
as far as whiskey purchases during Lent
when Meechum besides I'm sure going but
Brown Forman John has its headquarters
in Louisville Kentucky who is from
Louisville Kentucky Mitch McConnell the
majority leader of the Senate so the
Chinese and the Europeans and the
Mexicans who put these tariffs on
whiskey are not stupid and you can see
here that brown-forman stock price is it
just a proxy for what's happening to our
business and whiskey is down 18 percent
so you're saying the Mitch McConnell
coddling Donald Trump when it comes to
tariffs actually is hurting people in
Mitch McConnell's own district very
deliberate retaliation by our trading
partners to stick it to Donald Trump and
to stick it to Republicans
and of course harley-davidson in
Wisconsin right well Harley Davidsons
fascinating because Harley Davies and
Harley Davidson was his poster boy for
American jobs and then another
retaliatory tariffs was to tax Harley
Davidson so now they're going to make
them outside the US to ship them to
Europe well there are only so many
really not some Hanuman's that way but
they're these are iconic American brands
yeah Jack Daniels Harley Davidson you
know and it's it's a fascinating way to
see how those brands get hit first still
ahead President Trump thank you Steve
rally is in North Dakota and feeds the
crowd political red meat including
several unrestrained attacks on
congressional Democrats
we'll have that straight ahead on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
