there is a new judge in town the Flores
case in a Los Angeles Federal Court has
for decades determined the rules for
treating children taken into federal
custody at our southern border but last
night another federal judge in San Diego
issued an order in a case brought by the
ACLU on behalf of families separated at
the southern border and and put in
federal custody judge Dana Saburo who
was appointed to the federal bench by
President George W Bush ordered the
Trump administration to immediately stop
splitting up parents and children at the
southern border and the judge set a firm
deadline for the government to reunite
the families that they have already
split up Judge Sabra ordered that within
14 days of the preliminary injunction
that he issued late last night the Trump
government must reunite all migrant
children under age 5 who have been
separated from their parents and within
30 days they must reunite all migrant
children aged five and over with their
parents the judge also ordered the Trump
government to connect separated parents
and children by phone within 10 days the
judge's order means that the Trump
government will have to speed up family
reunifications something that they do
not know how to do the Health and Human
Services Department said this week that
it was able to reunite just six children
with members of their family over a six
day period one child per day and some
parents are no longer in the United
States a new study today finds that
several hundred parents appear to have
been deported without their children in
April alone the trunk Justice Department
is leaving open the possibility that
will that it will appeal the court of
order NBC News asked if the Justice
Department would appeal the order and
the Justice Department declined to
comment the president was asked about
Judge Sir broads order today what about
the injunction on immigration will you
fight that the California judge is
reunited families must be put together
but we believe that families
be together also so there's not a lot to
fight dearly we believe families have to
be together
president Trump suffered another defeat
on the House floor today this morning
the president endorsed a house
Republican immigration bill tweeting
House Republicans should pass the strong
but fair immigration bill known as
Goodlatte 2 in their afternoon vote
today and even with Donald Trump's
capitalized letters support of the bill
the bill was crushed in the House today
with almost as many Republicans voting
against it as voted for it the vote was
121 in favor 301 opposed every Democrat
voted against it and 112 Republicans
voted against the president and the bill
after the vote the president lied and
tried to say he didn't really endorse
the bill give a message to House
Republicans who failed to pass
immigration bill or oh no I want them to
do what they wanted you know the problem
we have and I told him this morning I
said hey pass it if you can but I also
want them to do what they want of course
you saw what he said in the tweet he did
not tell them to do what they want he
said quote House Republicans should pass
the strong but fair immigration bill and
half of the House Republicans ignored
the President of the United States today
and another day has produced another
painful audio recording of a child in
federal custody vice news released a
recording of a seven-year-old boy in
federal custody in the United States
speaking to his mother in Guatemala to
perform oh I'm so sorry Naima que el
gobierno no tengo miedo a personal IE
yamazaki
ie without the mucho you know your
response at a time joining us now from
El Paso County Texas is NBC global news
editor Cal Perry also LS MSNBC legal
contributor Danny Cevallos who just
returned from the border and Cal Perry
uh the we just heard yet another
recording of a child in custody in this
country it sounds like the judge in the
San Diego case is going to find out
where the babies are but in the meantime
there are protests continuing and you
saw a protest today in Texas where they
were trying to in some way communicate
with the kids in custody yeah and by way
of explaining I think what's happening
down here at the border and what's
happening across the country take a look
at this video we had a small protest
there have been small protests every day
trying to keep attention down here this
one was to get a balloon a balloon over
top of the camp with a sign that says
you are not alone written in Spanish
unfortunately what happened is a rancher
showed up this was a public road being
used and a rancher showed up to
literally run the protesters off of this
public road at one point he takes out a
gun take a listen and he's got a gun
he's got a gun tell him he's got a gun
tell them up there he's got a guy so now
you have on a public road in the state
of Texas protesters confronted by a
rancher with a gun I had the pleasure of
meeting this rancher about a week
earlier he ran me off that public road
and he does not believe that the things
that are being said on TV are true he
thinks that it's a false narrative being
controlled by the media which is what a
great number of people in this country
think so where we are here in 2018 as a
journalist in America is if I tell the
truth standing outside an internment
camp I'm suddenly taking a political
view because it's the truth because the
ruling party ruled by Donald Trump the
party of Donald Trump their entire
platform Lawrence at this point is to
lie is to deceive and is to distract
from what's going on in this country
which is children in internment camps
separated from their parents on
government sites in the middle of the
desert that's where we are I found it
pretty shocking but I have to tell you
this has been going on for a week down
here that Rancher was not arrested and
he has the support of the officials in
that camp Lawrence Danny Cevallos you've
been in the federal courts down at the
border of watching how the immigration
cases are being handled but it turns out
federal judge in San Diego Court has
issued the order that seems to be now in
control of what's happening and it's
given the deadlines and the specificity
of his order it sounds like he is going
to find out where the babies are how
many of them are there how many of them
need nursing mothers this judges after
specificity that's right and the
criminal proceedings I observed in South
Texas occurred independently of this
order because they were separate
proceedings this was not immigration
court that I sat in on this was criminal
court specifically federal criminal
court and only misdemeanor cases before
a magistrate and that magistrate told
the 70 to 75 defendants that I saw I
have nothing to do with whether or not
you were separated from your children
nothing at all and in a way he was right
in a way it's not all not true also
because the US Attorney's in there are
not US attorneys they're Customs and
Border Protection attorneys who are
cross designated as US Attorney so you
actually
CVP in the courtroom as a party they
could certainly address the issue of
children but the point is is that the
court's order today as to the
reunification the immediate forth with
reunification of children with their
families will exist independently of
those misdemeanor prosecutions and as
long as the Trump the current
administration chooses to prosecute
those misdemeanors in mass you're still
going to have this problem coming up
because parents just as with citizens
can be separated from their children in
criminal proceedings
it's afterwards that they should be
reunified promptly Kalyn was there any
reaction in Texas today to the San Diego
judge's ruling listen people here I
think don't really believe that it's
going to make a difference you mentioned
those numbers we heard last week there
was two thousand fifty three children in
custody and then yesterday 2047 you know
Jacob Soboroff all in that conference
call you know asked for clarification
and said maybe you're still separating
some if the parent is at risk the child
is at a risk excuse me with being with
that parent the government got back to
about two hours later and said yeah yeah
that sounds right I mean I don't think
they have a good grasp on the situation
it seems clear that they were woefully
the government was woefully unprepared
certainly the agencies were woefully
unprepared to deal with the new policy
of separating children from their
parents and now after the executive
order I think they're equally as
unprepared to reunite those children on
that camp in in in torino Texas of the
26 children that were separated from
their parents in the last week only
three have been reunited so when I stand
there and I talked to a spokesperson
from HHS and he says that they know
where everyone is clearly that's not the
case I think what you mentioned is key
which is a lot of these parents may have
been deported just by way of an example
the El Salvadorian consulate was out at
the camp the other day because they're
having problems confirming the
authenticity of documents the US
government doesn't accept all
documentation from these countries
there's a lot of fraudulent use of
documentation they said so they have to
go through this with a fine-tooth comb
lawrence cal perry thank if you're
invaluable reporting once again tonight
really appreciate it Danny Cevallos
thank you for joining us tonight -
really appreciate that thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
