I've been reporting how the replacement
to Justice Kennedy could have a big
impact on your life on Americans lives
around the country what about on the
president's life does Donald Trump for
example have the requirement to turn
over evidence does he have to testify
before a grand jury and here's a big
question for this or any president under
our system can a president be indicted
clearly those are all questions that
only the Supreme Court decides in our
system and we've seen that in past
decisions involving presidents Nixon and
Clinton the unanimous ruling now clears
the way for Paula Jones to pursue her
sexual harassment lawsuit against
President Clinton the courts opinion
written by Justice John Paul Stevens
says the case involves unofficial
conduct by an individual who just
happens to be president I'm joined by
Richard Payne at a former White House
Ethics chief in a Republican
administration or George W Bush he's now
running for Senate as a Democrat in
Minnesota we haven't gotten to the
Russia probe much in this hour given all
the other issues but do you view as a
legal matter given your experience the
fact that the president is under this
open criminal probe and the statements
and things that he has done or allegedly
done regarding that probe should that
enter in to his authority and the
treatment of his nominee to fill this
post yes it should these United States
House and Senate Judiciary Committee's
should have months ago started hearings
to investigate the president's
violations of the Constitution
obstruction of justice abuse of power
and other crimes just as they did 1973
with respect to President Nixon we are
well past the point we were with
President Nixon when the House and
Senate Judiciary Committee's had those
hearings they have not done that that is
the top priority and when they're
finished with those hearings and they
report to the full house in the Senate
with respect to President Trump and Vice
President Pam
we will then know whether these two men
will remain in office all right there is
very good chance that they could both be
up Richard though I don't see how let me
out let me ask you this way there are
also reports in the Washington Post as
you recall that even after picking
Gorsuch Donald Trump according to his
own White House leaks basically then
worried Gorsuch would not be quote loyal
because he was critical of Donald
Trump's attacks on the judiciary do you
have a concern that this president might
view this pick in self-interested in a
self-interested manner regarding the
open probe and not thinking about this
as an independent jurist well I don't
just have a concern about that I know
that that's what the way he's going to
pick a justice because that's the way he
has talked ever since he ran for
president and throughout his presidency
he does not want to participate within a
democratic system set forth in the
Constitution and once again it is the
obligation of the House and Senate
Judiciary Committee's to be looking into
his fitness for office and out of the
vice president before they consider for
a lifetime appointment on the United
States Supreme Court someone nominated
by Donald Trump and yes he is going to
choose somebody to simply further his
own agenda to make sure that his
unconstitutional payments from foreign
governments are permitted even though
they violate the emoluments clause and
to allow him otherwise - you know it's
obstruct the Constitution right and I am
amazed that they would consider Ana
nominee from this president before they
have those hearings that they have an
obligation to have just as they did in
1973 with respected President Nixon I
have to fit in a break but the audience
I think can see in in the way you're
running your campaign and what you're
advocating the Senate should do a
difference to some of the current
incumbents and last night we saw a
change of the guard there and this is
the party debate within within the
Democratic establishment right now
you're putting your positions out there
clearly and I think it's what we're
gonna see in these midterms because you
raised some profound questions tonight
as always thank you Richard painter for
joining us hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that
here with us and we appreciate that
