okay keeping an eye on markets for you
in your money money money let here's a
live look at the Dow up about a hundred
and fifty points that's six tenths of a
percent this week though markets were
down over fears of a trade war triggered
by President Trump's latest tariffs on
imports another thing that's beginning
to worry investors though is the timing
of the next recession there's actually a
powerful tool used to measure when one
might be on the horizon Wall Street is
starting to notice by the way I don't
want to alarm you with us I just want to
tell you about it it's called a yield
curve in the simplest terms it's a plot
that compares interest rates offered on
US Treasury bonds when investors expect
the economy to grow longer term bonds
see this is 30 years out here tend to
carry a higher rate than shorter term
bonds do this is a normal yield curve
but when this yield curve goes flat that
means rates on both kinds of bonds short
and long duration are about the same
this is the first sign to an investor
that an economic slowdown may be on the
horizon people are betting on something
like this happening now lately long-term
bonds have been slow to rise and at the
same time the Federal Reserve has been
raising short-term rates and that has
resulted in the flattening that we're
talking about now if the yield curve
continues to move in this direction
long-term interest rates could actually
be lower than short-term interest rates
if you go to put your money into an
interest-bearing account you'll
understand this right you you should get
more if you leave your money in for
longer than you do but if this starts to
happen this is called an inverted yield
curve the last time we saw one of these
yield curves inverted by the way was
right before the last recession hit in
late 2007 in fact this is the important
part every single recession these are
all receptions these thin green lines
these are recessions every single
recession or economic slowdown for the
last 60 years has been preceded by one
of these inverted yield curves that's
why some economists are starting to take
notice again I don't want to alarm you
I'm just giving you stats here the gap
between now between a two year and a ten
year Treasury bond is about a third of a
point the last time we saw that the
worst recession since the Great
Depression followed soon after now there
were a lot of reasons for this recession
that are not in place right now
but this is what investors and
economists are actually watching right
now joining us now is James petha cookus
he's a columnist and policy analyst at
the American Enterprise Institute a
conservative think-tank James good to
see you my friend I want to just put
this into context as I can see the
tweets coming already they'll see and
rule warning of a recession that's not
true listen if you get this if you do
that you get it right you can have a
newsletter business for the rest of your
life to be faint will be fantastic
people have done more with less know
listen it is a it is a it is an
indicator and here's another one
generally every recession has been
preceded by the Federal Reserve raise
interest interest rates you know
tightening the money supplies whatever
you have the Federal Reserve sort of in
action there's always a risk that they
will make a mistake they will raise
interest rates too far too fast and
we'll get a recession so I think it's
something to be aware of you should also
be aware of that right now the economy
is accelerating to perhaps four percent
growth and perhaps the fastest growth
we've seen in a while so you can't
forget about that part too so to that
exact point if we have extraordinary
growth if we're full employment how
could we not raise rates I understand
that that central banks around the world
had to nurture and hold the economy like
a little baby in their boobs and keep
rates really low so that people would
borrow and expand their businesses and
spend but you can't possibly have the
president saying this is the greatest
economy since World War two oh by the
way don't raise rates well I mean there
are some economists who would say that
because they just don't see that there's
a lot of inflation the reason you would
raise rates is to sort of prevent
inflation from taking off because once
inflation kind of gets its grips in the
economy it's tough to let go you're
worried about sort of financial
imbalances so I mean that you can't make
that argument that not that you
shouldn't raise rates though most
central bankers obviously think that the
risk of inflation is I mean they're
bankers that's what they worry about so
they're starting to raise rates
gradually and the concern is that they
will make a mistake and then you'll get
a recession
how about concerns about the tax cuts we
were all excited about the corporate tax
cuts and trickle-down but we were just
walking through it and we're finding
almost no actual raises
happening at companies it started by
stock buybacks and one-time bonuses do
you see trickle-down in effect listen if
the traditional Republican theory of how
tax cuts work it's true then you're then
you really shouldn't see much impact yet
that is a long-term thing more long-term
investment over a number of years you
get higher productivity growth higher
wages
that's not how Republicans sold a tax
cut they sold it as given the economy a
boost right away and indeed we're going
to be seeing faster growth and there's a
lot of Wall Street firms who also expect
to see an acceleration and wage growth
but again are you is that long-term
growth are we doing something
fundamentally to change the growth path
of the US economy that remains to be
seen so I don't think you can draw any
long-term conclusions whether this has
suddenly transform the so-so economy
into sort of a superstar economy hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
