the Supreme Court has just dealt a huge
blow to organized labor in a 5-4
decision the court ruled government
workers cannot be charged for the cost
of collective bargaining if they choose
not to join a union
the ruling overturns laws in 23 states
we're going to dig in to exactly what
that means joining us now Jeffrey Rosen
president and CEO of the National
Constitution Center Jeff good to see you
this ruling overturned an earlier
decision can use walk us through what
has happened absolutely that earlier
decision called the Abood case was from
1977 and it said it was okay to force
public sector unions to pay mandatory
fees not to support political activities
but to support collective bargaining and
in this five-to-four decision today
which as you said is hugely significant
the court overturned that decision said
that for a person to be forced to pay to
a union whose political messages he may
disagree with it violates his First
Amendment rights not to have compelled
speech and therefore mandatory Union
fees are unconstitutional the decision
could have tremendous consequences as
you said 23 states have these laws they
involved millions of employees and tens
of millions of dollars that now will not
go to the unions it will change the way
states of finance their activities and
Justice Kagan in her dissent said there
was no justification for overturning the
Abood decision and this would
dramatically disrupt our understanding
of the relationship between unions and
the government so the interesting part
about this and you'll see this President
Trump has already tweeted about this
this morning saying it's you know about
free political choice so if you if you
don't like laws that cause people to
have to subscribe to unions that you say
that it's about political speech right
these unions are political entities they
are the power behind a lot of candidates
on the other side before we had unions
and collective bargaining we had things
like the Triangle Shirtwaist Fire you
know where there were no rules for
employees the Constitution is kind of
silent on both of those things right
whether whether unions can have
political power or whether people have a
right to collective bargaining
it absolutely is of course there were no
unions at the time of the founding but
during the Progressive Era when unions
really got up and running
there were plenty of laws passed by
Congress in the States that required
things like mandatory fees and the
Supreme Court never questioned any of
them until today this question of
compelled speech is a huge issue this
term just yesterday the court said that
pro-choice clinics in California
couldn't be forced to have pro-choice
information and the liberal justices are
saying those conservatives are using the
First Amendment as a cudgel basically to
strike down regulations that they
disagree with and I'm just looking at I
want to put up a map here Jeff of states
that have so-called right-to-work laws
right what rights to do whatever you
want without any compulsions to join or
pay for a union there are a lot of them
in the United States does this set the
does this pave the road for a federal
right to work law sure if there's the
will in Congress and as Justice Kagan
said it's been a six year campaign by
conservatives to overturn the Abood
decision of course states were always
free to pass right-to-work laws if they
chose but the bottom line is that public
sector unions are now really in peril
they're their funding source is in
trouble they wouldn't be able to lobby
against right-to-work law and therefore
the writing is on the wall that there
may be further blows to their power
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
