let's go back to Garrett Haake what do
you got for us Garrett of course we're
just looking at the vote breakdown here
on this bill and as expected you had no
Democrats crossing the line to support
this bill but looking at the final
totals now it is absolutely worse than
the the more hardline conservative bill
that we saw a good a vote last week only
121 Republicans voting in favor of this
it's hard to pick who has the more egg
on their face on this who's sort of
happy and who's not I think the
Conservatives will see this as proof
that a conservative bill is the only one
that can get through the House of
Representative and the moderates are
going to leave very frustrated here it's
tough to see what they got for their
efforts they were so close on that
discharge petition that would have
forced a series of votes and could have
potentially included votes that would
have gotten Democratic support including
the DREAM Act would have been one of
those things that would have gotten a
vote here so a lot of talk a lot of
debate a lot of negotiation which
everyone involved said throughout was
good faith but really leading to a
exceptionally lackluster result here
even for an issue that has so bedeviled
Congress for so long
Congress but also has been so much in
the headlines and that the president has
made such a focus so you do wonder I
mean obviously all politics is local we
certainly saw that in New York with the
election result but you know what are
they going to take home what are they
going to say to their constituents how
do they sell their vote one way or
another yeah sure I mean look different
groups of Republicans got what they
wanted on this conservative Republicans
can who voted for that other bill last
week can say they voted with the
president they voted on a bill that
didn't have a pathway to citizenship
they can say they voted for the wall
moderate Republicans can say they voted
for something this bill that we just saw
fail that did have a pathway to
citizenship even they in fact can say if
they're so inclined that they voted for
the wall and everybody can say that they
voted for something that the president
supported because at different times
along this process we have seen the
president's support different versions
of that and I do think that's a big part
of this immigration story here is what
is it going to take to get the President
of the United States to yes
consistently on what he wants to see in
an immigration bill both of these bills
included things that the president has
or his big priorities both dealt with
so-called chain migration or family
migration both dealt with the visa
lottery both included some money for the
wall and both address the issue of the
dreamers one with the passed the
Citizenship and one without and you
never saw the president use the bully
pulpit in a consistent and focused way
to try to push these bills across the
finish line
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
