I am Orem Albert in for lawrence
O'Donnell we begin with developments in
a story that Lawrence brought you last
night a Turkish official now telling NBC
with a hundred percent confidence that
Saudis executed the missing journalist
Jamal khashoggi and late today we
learned even more about the audio
recording of this alleged killing there
have been reports that Turkey had
gruesome recorded proof of the
reporter's torture and alleged murder
NBC news Richard Engel reporting the
source of that audio recording when he
joined us at MSNBC just earlier this
evening so these are stunning new
details they put a whole new twist on
this story about what happened to Jim
Alka show you what he went into the
consulate behind me we've been reporting
for well all day now that there are
these recordings that Turkish officials
have recordings of khashoggi inside the
embassy night inside the consulates
being tortured being beaten being
interrogated and ultimately being
murdered but there's been a big question
where did these recordings come from
tonight a pro-government Turkish
newspaper a Saba is saying that
Khashoggi recorded these these these
messages himself that he went into the
consulate very suspicious he thought
something bad might happen to him he
asked his fiancee to wait outside
he gave her his cell phones but
according to this newspaper he went into
the consulate wearing an Apple watch
which he synched up with one of those
cell phones outside so that the
information would be transmitting so
that whatever happened to him while he
was inside the consulate was being
uploaded to a cloud and being saved and
that he went in and terrible things did
in fact happen to him that he was
murdered that he was interrogated that
he was tortured and that he
with this this act of a Forsyte this
this this act of cunning really left
behind the clues that Turkish
authorities are using to solve his
murder to solve his murder well let's be
clear the solving of this murder in
almost real-time and in public is
putting new more significant pressure on
the Trump administration for its stance
and any potential punishment that it
would consider for Saudi Arabia in
retaliation and while let's be clear
administration's in both parties have
often cozied up to the Saudis as a
dangerous but useful ally in the region
Donald Trump is not only following that
controversial approach and precedent
he's doing so with far less discretion
than some other past presidents who at
least would use the bully pulpit to
press the Saudis on US priorities
Trump's not pretending to do that thus
far this week instead claiming that
relations with the Saudis are excellent
which is route pushed back even from his
interviewers at Fox News and also Trump
brought blithely saying he hasn't called
Saudi Arabia to even discuss this here
he was this evening nobody knows quite
yet nobody's been able to put it all
together people are starting to form
ideas and as they're formed we'll let
you know but it certainly is a terrible
thing at their record otherwise been
overlooked for Jill I think a lot of
Records are overlooked if you look at
Iran if you look at so many other
countries take a look at Syria you take
a look at a lot of countries a lot of
countries records have been overlooked
but this is a very serious thing and
we're looking at it in a very serious
manner okay and we'll see here we have a
big crowd
maybe about that or not I have not I
will I will be calling them well the
American government under Trump may be
holding back there are other people
taking action business leaders like
Richard Branson and Steve Case
announcing their suspending deals with
the Saudis corporate sponsors bailing on
a financial conference there later this
month that includes media companies like
The Times and Bloomberg and CNBC which
is a sister company of MSNBC the head of
the World Bank also drawing a line here
now dropping a conference is a pretty
simple step it won't have a huge impact
on the Saudis but it does send a message
and try to build towards more unified
international condemnation but let's be
clear even that step is apparently still
too much for the Trump administration as
of tonight you hear leaders elsewhere
pulling out of the event are you still
determined that you will attend at this
point given that there is still I think
no clarity as to what has happened mr.
Kashani the Washington Post journalist I
am planning on going at this point if
more information comes out and changes
we could look at that but I am planning
on going well I guess a lot of people
are going over to an investment cut
because he was partially over there
anyway a lot of people are going over to
the investment conference joining us now
Michael Isikoff chief investigative
correspondent for Yahoo News and Evelyn
Farkas the senior fellow at the Atlantic
Council former Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense and an MSNBC
analyst Evelyn there are plenty of
harrowing things that happen in
statecraft
but the blatant manner of this and the
fact that we live in a world where so
much of it is is really unspooling
almost in real time seems to make it an
extraordinary breach
what precedents are historical context
to you do you think of when you look at
this and what more if anything should
the United States do I mean re it's
shocking first of all I'm appalled that
the fact that our administration is
behaving as if they don't know anything
because I think it's probably pretty
credible as the New York Times and other
media outlets have reported that the
Turkish officials have said that they
already told the United States and gave
government their intelligence so the
fact I mean I think the Treasury
secretary should be saying unless I find
out information that you know proves
that he's alive and he wasn't murdered
by the Saudis I'm not going the the
other precedent I mean I guess the thing
I thought of because I spend so much
time on Russia is you know the
condemnation that the world and
certainly the Europeans and and we
together with the Canadians you know in
the transatlantic sense expressed about
the murders of residents of the United
Kingdom and citizens of the United
Kingdom by the Russians especially those
that were committed using chemical
weapons and here we have another case
where we'll find out how clear-cut it is
but I think we need to hear more from
governments and because this is a
journalist I think our president needs
to speak out because we know you know
you've covered it very clearly here on
your program on the beat that you know
this this president has spoken with
alarming words against journalists and
so I think it's incumbent upon him to
speak clearly right now to get to the
bottom of this and to tell the American
people what he already knows right and
you make the reference to extrajudicial
killings abroad which have Geographic
overlap that Russia also will go into
other countries and take people out
Michel one big difference is some of
their targets have been what you might
call ex PI's or people they view in a
way as a sort of intelligence combatant
certainly debatable but as Evelyn
emphasizes this isn't even near that
this is a journalist and and that goes
to your reporting today which I'll read
for the viewers and let you explain you
say that khashoggi crossed this line
that made him a marked man and probably
led to his brutal death this is
according to your discussions with at
least one of his close friends his
offense he dared criticized the
countries of all the Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman in a Washington Post
column and accused this supposedly
reform a strong man by the way a partner
of Kushner of imprisoning intellectuals
journalists and other political
dissidents explain Michael well you know
this stung for mb/s Mohammed bin Salman
and
members of the royal family precisely
because Khashoggi was no bomb-thrower
he was not a renegade he was not a
defector he was a guy who had been
closely tied to members of the royal
family he had been a top adviser to
Prince Turkey bin faisal who had been
the chief of saudi intelligence and then
later the saudi ambassador to the united
kingdom
so his criticisms were very much from
somebody inside the tent and that's what
I think outraged the MBS and his clique
around him so much because he was a
respected voice he had a huge megaphone
thanks to that Washington Post column
and to have him questioning Mohammed bin
Salman s reformist credentials saying
he's arresting the wrong people and then
most recently just a couple of weeks ago
writing a column calling on the Saudis
to end their cruel war in Yemen it was I
think mazaev you that he had crossed a
line and the Saudis did what they
apparently did here so that analysis
makes sense but obviously anyone
listening would say well if you are
concerned that someone from inside your
own network is is sort of calling you
out for this kind of attack on the Free
Press and then you go ahead and execute
that person that would seem to reinforce
among other things that very critique
and so that goes to what they thought
this would do is it that they didn't
think it would break in this way
internationally or they don't care about
international coverage of it and they're
just gonna handle spinning it back home
how do you make sense of that look that
is a truly fascinating and important
question like how could they have been
so clueless as to think they could get
away with this and you know for years
the Saudis have had on retainer you know
former CIA officials former State
Department officials a whole coterie of
Washington lobbyists and
and national security experts who could
advise them on what they could get away
with him what they can't get away with
Mohammed bin Salman who's the de facto
ruler of the country is somebody who was
clearly cocksure confident in himself
doesn't feel he has to play by the same
rules viewed himself as a reformer he
was trying to get all this street cred
as somebody who was allowing women to to
drive and making other modest reforms
and I think he was sort of a little bit
divorced from reality as that how this
would play out one other point it's
important to me that I want to make
that's in our article this is based on
an interview with one of Yogi's very
close friends somebody who was talking
to regularly over the last few months
Khalid Safari and he said look I you
know you cannot take out of the equation
president Trump's rhetoric here I call
that your right slow pace Trump hates
journalists and he would not react if we
kill one I think that was you know very
likely the way this was processed in
Riyadh given the you know we all now
expect you know and you know come to
view as you know almost they daily
president Trump saying sort of
off-the-wall things and a lot of a lot
of people the United States no longer
take them seriously but people around
the world do hear this rhetoric people
do hear a president calling the press
the enemy of the people
and then when they hear that you know
they might take it more seriously than
many people in this country do and that
may have been what happened here and so
do you think but to you in a second but
Michael just button that up and do you
think that there is some notion of us
contributing role liability here that
they should clean that up
no not conscious but I think that is
this is the kind of inevitable you know
byproduct right the kind of outlandish
rhetoric we sometimes hear of Evelyn the
president well I
just gonna add to that to say in effect
you know our president went to Saudi
Arabia first it was the first country he
visited not Canada which would be normal
what the most conventional presidents
would do not Mexico you know our
neighbors but he went to Saudi Arabia
where they haven't already have a mixed
history in terms of their you know
foreign and domestic policy now you have
a crown prince on the scene who thinks
that he he in effect is running Saudi
Arabia although his elderly father the
king is notionally in charge but he's
running the country now he's kind of
running a jekyll-and-hyde policy so he's
loosening up some reforms and he's
trying to attract foreign investment on
the basis of being a reformer
economically and a little bit culturally
but at the same time you know while he
allows women to drive he jails some of
the original women who called for the
driving he and he put his family members
under house arrest which are in effect
basically the people who were running
Saudi Arabia their rich relatives money
for them let me put you on that and also
show another diplomat Robert Jordan is a
former US ambassador because a lot of
the folks in both parties in the
diplomatic corps and the national
security community are still you know
quite careful about how everyone talks
about Saudi Arabia no matter what they
seem to do because they seem to have
this stranglehold as a real politic
strategic ally here's mr. Jordan only
using question marks to say what I think
he's trying to say which is they're
responsible and something must be done
take a look I think this is the worst
moment in us-saudi relations since 9/11
I arrived in Saudi Arabia as ambassador
a month after 9/11 and the question then
was are the Saudis friend or foe I think
we've got similar questions going on
right now the time has come for us to
stand up and show some leadership on
this issue I guess you could say he's a
good diplomat Evelyn because he didn't
quite say anything are they friend or
foe
what does leadership look like do you
care to answer I mean I don't think it's
a question of friend or foe the question
is what are US values and interests
globally and domestically and
you know this this business about arms
sales which President Trump threw out
there as sort of an excuse you know for
why he was not doing anything about what
looks like the murder of this journalist
who was a permanent resident of the
United States was that oh well we have a
hundred billion dollars in arms sales
going with the Saudis well first of all
we don't have a hundred billion dollars
of arms sales going with the Saudis on
paper they agreed to that I get that I
think that's fair but Bush and Obama
we're never gonna do much against the
Saudis either I don't know why we'd
expect this administration be different
unless somebody wants to say that
actually we're gonna tilt our oil at
financial and military plans so that we
were less reliant on them well I think
this is a bridge too far although many
people would argue that Yemen was
already a bridge too far you know we
hadn't I believe it was September the
bombing of the school bus with the
children dying we know there about I
think 20 million people at risk of
famine you know and drought and lack of
medical assistance and so there are
people in dire straits in Yemen because
of the way the Saudis have been fighting
that war in fact khashoggi was
specifically most recently criticizing
that I think as Michael said but it may
be that we've reached the point now
where we have to reassess this
relationship and we we may not need the
Saudis as much as we thought we did I
certainly think it's been bad policy on
the part of this administration to swing
so far towards the Saudis because we
need to maintain a balanced relationship
in the Gulf area and again also with
regard to Iran we don't need to be
sucked into the saudi-iranian rivalry as
much as we have been under this
administration a lot of interesting
points here on a fascinating harrowing
and and and profoundly disturbing story
Evelyn Farkas and Michael Isikoff are
thanks to you for your reporting and
your expertise thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
