also president Trump's ongoing effort to
shame harley-davidson as the company
prepares to shift some production
overseas in response to the president
tariff fight the president fired off a
multitude of tweets including quote
Harley must know that they won't be able
to sell back into us without paying a
big tax so Joe that story is also
percolating this morning before we get
to the travel ban the president just I
don't know where he's going with this
Harley thing well it's it no we're good
you're not Mike Barnicle I know that you
have grown up knowing a few Harley hogs
I certainly have
Donald Trump may be able to shoot
somebody on Fifth Avenue and still not
lose support but when he tweets that he
is going to destroy Harley Davidson by
taxing them to death he's got to destroy
Harley Davidson I talked about the
Pittsburgh Steelers yesterday this sort
of reminds me of that great song from
1979 in America by Charlie Daniels Band
when they say oh you think you think
we're weak just go put your hands on a
Pittsburgh Steelers fans and then sir I
believe you'll understand the same
applies for Harley Davidson and Harley
Owners you don't say you're gonna
purposely try to kill their company well
Joe first of all let's get that tweet
back up on the screen if we could Alex
if you could get that prior tweet about
Harley Davidson and the president's
threat where he says you know you're not
gonna come back we're gonna we're going
to tax you you're gonna pay a big tax
what does that mean to other American
companies with operations overseas and
with the confusion of the tax code with
the threat of a recession on the horizon
clearly we can talk about that at some
point later what does that mean is this
president so emboldened so free of any
restraints in his own mind as well as
his own behavior
does he think that he can do whatever it
is he wants to do to go after individual
corporations and now with the Supreme
Court decision he has successfully
probably in his own mind gone after a
specific religion in this world the
Muslim faith and what what is going on
here we know it's an ear of broken
Norm's but this is this is really nearly
now approaching beyond belief and where
where are the representatives where is
Paul Ryan today you should be aggressive
today Paul Ryan who represents a
Janesville Wisconsin part of Wisconsin
where is Paul Ryan speaking out on this
where are Republicans in the state of
Missouri not only attacking Donald
Trump's statement but actually mica just
explaining how unamerican it is for a
president to try to act like a king and
say I myself alone I am going to destroy
this American institution because it's
crossing me it's not doing what I wanted
to do it is so on American and I saw
conservatives on Twitter yesterday
stating the obvious
saying the right thing talking about how
unamerican it is to use Trump's
centralized state to say I'm going to
destroy your company look what he has
done to Amazon he's lied he he's
pressured improperly the post office to
try to do anything he can to destroy
Amazon because he doesn't like the
Washington Post nope this is a president
clearly out of control this is a
president who is shattering
constitutional norms this is a president
who does not deserve the support of
conservatives whether he has it or not
because he's not a conservative well
there's a little something for everyone
in what this president is doing at this
point if you love this country and
you're concerned about where it's going
so we'll turn now to the Supreme Court
and thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
