have you noticed how quiet the miller
probe has been lately you know as
recently as August there were those
guilty pleas from top names like manna
Ford and Cohen but lately
nothing that is of course for a reason
you're probably familiar with we are a
month out from a big election a DOJ
guide it's not a law but the guidance
discourages any big moves that could
interfere with political races but
tonight we have a new development that
actually could give Muller more
precedent for any report he ultimately
sent to Congress a federal judge
ordering a partial release of a
Watergate report that informed
Congress's impeachment proceedings
against Nixon this is the blueprint
essentially for Nixon's removal even Ken
Starr never got to see it because of the
rules they have for the archives but
this federal judge now ordering
archivist to unseal a so-called roadmap
that a federal grand jury sent to the
House Judiciary Committee in early 1974
and this is not a coincidence legal
scholars sued for the release of this
roadmap because of the current moment
we're living in they suggest that both
Muller and the public could benefit from
knowing how Leon Jaworski the famous
Watergate special prosecutor who
finished that up use the information
that was found in the investigation to
try to give Congress clear facts and
legal context for whatever they wanted
to do which was widely believed a
potential and Pietschmann at the time
let me read quote the primary
significance of the document lies in its
role as a kind of template for
subsequent impeachment referrals this is
what those scholars argue and they say
look if Muller decides to send a report
to Congress which you can do through
Rosenstein the roadmap would be a vital
touchstone for the public and Congress
to assess his actions we have some
perfect guest for this geo wine makes
this former assistant Watergate special
prosecutor and Barbara McQuade a former
federal prosecutor and professor of law
at the University of Michigan both MSNBC
legal analysts or as we call them legal
eagles so nice to see you both thanks
for joining in a Friday night Jill on
the Watergate front how is this
different from all the other voluminous
Watergate material that's come out and
do you think Moeller really hasn't seen
it and would want to I'm sure he hasn't
seen it because he has followed the
rules completely and so he won't have
seen it
is correctly described in the decision
by the judge as being basically just a
very short index to the documents that
we provided to the house and the
difference now is that you had a house
that was actively investigating the
president a house that we felt we could
trust to take the evidence and do
something with it right now a report to
the house could end up going absolutely
nowhere because they've shown time and
time again their total lack of interest
in getting to the truth so we turned
over a briefcase that we called a
roadmap to impeachment we did not
specify crimes we said here's the
evidence that we have that's relevant
and we did it on the day that we
indicted all of the presidents top
advisors and named him a secret
unindicted co-conspirator we didn't
identify him by name until a bill of
particulars later and so the only way
that we could get the information to the
Congress which did not have the legal
authority under the court decisions to
get the same documents we had was to use
the inherent authority of the grand jury
and to get the judges permission to turn
over this information and I think that
Muller has the same opportunity to use
the inherent authority of the grand jury
to let Congress know the facts that he
has now we don't know what those facts
are ours were very dramatic and very
clear but if he has that kind of
evidence I'm hoping that he will give it
to the Congress and that he will use the
authority he has under the current rules
that appointed him to let the public
know as well there is that opportunity
and I think it's important for the
public to know what the facts are
Barbara do you view this as a
potentially interesting thing for them
to use and is the roadmap here as
important if we don't know what molar
fives in other words if you find bad
stuff about the president there's a lot
more of a reason to get Congress
involved if you don't you have all the
normal charging function to deal with
anyone other than the
president that that actually you believe
was chargeable well I think because this
whole area is so unprecedented there are
not a case law that you can look to to
figure out how you do these things of
things that I think any kind of
information and any kind of precedent
that you have has got to be useful to
Robert Muller now certainly there are
going to be facts unique to the Nixon
investigation and the Watergate
investigation that are not pertinent
here you know whether Howard hunt paid
somebody or demanded a certain amount of
money that fact itself is not going to
be relevant but the process that they
used and this procedure is still
described using the inherent authority
of the grand jury and the court to order
that that information get turned over to
Congress just those kinds of things I
think can be very useful as robert
muller figures out his course and what
he wants to do at the end of this he's
gathered his information and now what
does he do with it does he indict the
president does he turn it over to
congress and i think using this roadmap
as one potential avenue has got to be
helpful it also seems Jill that this
hope mostly would would arise in the
under the current law if there was a
disagreement between Muller and his
supervising authority which currently is
Rosen Stein but could if they fire jeff
Sessions could go back to being the AG
because the way those rules are written
as long as he has that clearance he can
send something over to Congress right
the issue would be if there is a
conflict or there's a new Attorney
General who takes a narrower view it's
not automatically improper if that
person decides well we don't want you
sending the report to Congress and then
you get into whether Muller has any plan
B right exactly and I think that is a
very significant point I'm glad that you
pointed it out because it is the plan B
hopefully under the rules that appointed
Muller he can and will be able to get
information to all of the Congress not
just to the chairs but to all of
Congress but I think it is important
that he be aware he Muller be aware of
this option that he has to get the
information out in another way because
it is important we can't keep hiding
these things
if there's nothing that he has found
that is damning of the President or
anybody else then we need to know that
but if there is significant evidence we
need to know that too and as long as the
Office of Legal Counsel is insisting
that he cannot be indicted
then there's the only way to proceed if
you can't indict is through Congress and
so getting information to Congress
because again remember the Supreme Court
made it clear that a criminal
investigation by criminal prosecutors
has a right to get documents that the
Congress cannot get now if it was
directly asked by the judiciary for
impeachment purposes the court might
rule differently but when it was the
Senate just for an investigation they
could not get those documents only we
could so it's an important legal
distinction well you've walked us
through exactly where those roads lead
and it's so significant potentially if
the chest piece has changed in November
you could have a house that is more
aggressive if the Democrats take it back
you could also have molars boss shift
from Rosen Stein to a new agey who might
be far less aggressive so a lot to to
try to understand Jill wine breaks a
Barbara McQuade thank you both thank you
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
