not just Donald Trump and Bouldin by
today's Supreme Court victory on the
travel ban Attorney General Jeff
Sessions is lashing out just moments ago
at what he called the lunacy of the left
over immigration the rhetoric we hear
from the other side on this issue as on
many others has become radicalized we
hear views on television today and that
are on the lunatic fringe frankly and
what is perhaps more galling is the
hypocrisy these same people live in
gated communities many of them and are
featured and at events where you have to
have an ID to even come in and hear them
speak I like the little security around
themselves and if you try to scale the
fence believe me they'll be even too
happy to have you arrested and separated
from your children okay Hugh jeff
Sessions this I am radicalized over
starting child prisons on the border of
our great nation I am a radicalized that
children are being transported in the
dead of night from the ages of three
month old to nine months old children
across the country we all should be
radicalized and say this is abhorrent to
everything we believe in as a
consequence that makes you a lunatic
friend important for him I mean the
president reversed his policy because
his favorite news network was no longer
a safe space for him not I mean the idea
the projection that they engage in
suggests they all belong on medication
and are we at the point where we're
joking about this we are we are we a
baby prison joke that the Attorney
General just delivered one I mean
clearly feeling good about the day's
ruling you know believing this
administration is going to pursue these
policies going forward but this that's a
very very tone-deaf remark any at least
makes a good point yeah I'm radicalized
by this - these are infants that that we
now know from child advocates and
pediatricians have suffered trauma that
will be with them for the rest of their
life I think the question isn't why are
their critics radicalize
it's why aren't you well I remember the
good old days when there were attorney
generals who could read but putting that
aside for a second you know this is
someone who's talking about a lunatic
French who's talking about child
separation internment camps for babies
and toddlers and he justifying it
through Scripture a week ago I mean it's
just such a complete and total nonsense
I mean he is responsible along with
secretary Nielsen for implementing an
evil policy a inhumane policy a cruel
policy and people should be outraged
about it that this would be happening in
the United States in 2018 I mean this
harkens back to the worst abuses in the
history of the country the separation of
families on the slave auction blocks the
breaking up of Indian families the
taking the are Native American right
this is this is this is awful awful
awful stuff I got to tell you what's
really scary about this also the noise
versus news I had a very good friend of
mine an educated friend look I'll make
seven figures lives in New York City
said to me so wait a second though this
trump didn't start this thing about we
live in this world where we know the
truth but the average American the buys
what he says now buys we Democrats gave
me this so there is everything I think
faith and people are smart and they go
but before you soon but know this was
not part of the 40% this is a friend of
mine an educated guy and he was like
really
I said no Jeff Sessions put this in play
in in in May that's was it oh yeah
we we have nicer audiences here and
compared to the 300 million people in
this country it is still very small his
game is working hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
