now thank you very much for being with
us I know we originally booked you to
talk immigration obviously I want to get
your reaction though to the news that
we've been following for the last 40
minutes which is the Supreme Court
upholding Donald Trump's latest version
of the administration's travel ban your
reaction it's heartbreaking I think this
is a really problematic moment in our
country's history I think some of your
previous speakers have talked about it
but I think it was Benjamin Franklin who
said they who give up a little bit of
essential Liberty for some temporary
safety will get neither the essence of
his quote and I think that's what's
happening today if you suspend
everything that the president said about
the intention of why the Muslim ban was
put into place which i think is what the
majority essentially did then I think
you can make that case for a whole host
of things that the president Singh and I
really worried about the fact that we
may be suspending parts of the
constitution in the name of giving the
president broad authority around
security I worry about you know the the
tweets he's been putting out about
eliminating due process for immigrants
coming over the border the Constitution
is very clear on this and I think taking
this out of context making a decision
that says well we don't think it was a
Muslim ban when the President himself
said over and over again that it was a
Muslim ban until he realized it was a
problem for him legally that I think is
a big problem and I just want to say I
think Muslims you know we've already
been getting calls to our office I have
a lot of Muslim constituents in my
district Americans whose family members
now are going to be banned from
traveling here you know people who are
not going to be able to go back home and
I think that this is they are devastated
and so I would just say to all the
Muslim Americans across the country know
that America loves you know that we do
not intend to discriminate against you
and that we are absolutely a country
that believes that no matter for what
religion you are you are afforded the
same rights unfortunately I think the
Supreme Court's decision and I haven't
had a chance to read the full decision
yet it just came out but unfortunately I
think the Supreme Court's decision sends
a very dangerous message a different
message to Muslim Americans but more
than that - I wonder what it does to
embolden the president around a whole
host of other equally bad or potentially
you know even worse things that he might
put into place now so then two quick
questions for you congresswoman but we
heard from some of your colleagues on
the Senate side that talked about
congressional checks and balances but
dick Durbin acknowledged he's doubtful
that's actually gonna happen given that
Congress is not controlled by Democrats
it's controlled by Republicans do you
agree with Senator Durbin's assessment I
think it's a real problem it's why I
think we have got to make the case to
the American people that you we need to
have checks and balances against this
president who is undermining our
Constitution and our democracy we need
to have Democrats and power in the house
and the Senate so that we can start to
push back on some of these things that
are fundamental to who we are as a
country I do worry that right now none
of my Republican colleagues in the house
are standing up even when they tell me
privately that they don't agree with
what's happening that they don't think
we should be doing some little things
from you doing no I'm not because you
know this is the nature of our
relationships what I will tell you is
that I've said to them please speak out
I did on Budget Committee the other day
speak out very clearly to Jodie
Arrington who made a statement about how
immigrants are great that he has many in
his district and I said well then speak
out against language like infestation
and invasion this is what the president
is doing he's trying to turn Americans
against immigrants who are also
Americans by the way I am a proud
immigrant from India one of only a dozen
members of Congress who was born outside
of the United States I said to my mic
friend and colleague representative
Arrington please speak out and you can
find that clip but you know
unfortunately that's not what's
happening last one before I have to let
you go here congressman do you blame
what's your Mitch McConnell at all given
his for example touting today his
campaign at least that he was able to
help get justice Neel Gorsuch on the
court and justice course which obviously
voting to uphold in essence the
administration's travel ban you know I I
do because he held up the nomination of
Merrick garland as mazie Hirono said
refused to allow a vote on that and now
we have justice for such and we've all
been worried about exactly what justice
for such was going to say and do and I
think the president and the
administration's new tactic is to let
everything go to the Supreme Court
because they have a conservative Court
now majority conservative Court and
they're one you know they're thinking
great will let it go through the legal
system will let it go to the court will
let the Court decide and we will
undermine the Constitution don't forget
that at the time that the Japanese
internment happened everyone thought
that that was okay and it took us a very
long time to apologize to say that that
was wrong
but we can not II let ourselves go down
then you're comfortable making that
comparison here today is amazing wrote
it into the Japanese internment camps
I'm comfortable making the comparison to
a country that not does not pay
attention to constitutional rights and
that discriminates against an entire
body of people yes absolutely thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
