president Trump's trade wars are
starting to hit America's hard and have
real-world consequences we reported on
yesterday's show that harley-davidson
announced it is moving production of
motorcycles heading to Europe from US
factories to factories overseas hey I'd
say let's stop there because Donald
Trump said John meets him the trade wars
were easy yeah everybody since Herbert
Hoover is known the exact opposite to be
true
everybody has warned Donald Trump of
this and now we're starting to see in
Paul Ryan's home state Nepal Ryan silent
on this stuff you might say oh I like I
like free trade he sure as hell hasn't
fought him he hasn't forced a vote to
come to the House floor
he's from Wisconsin and Harley is now
there they're gonna start losing jobs
now because of the fecklessness of
people like Paul Ryan because of the
fecklessness of people like Mitch
McConnell you will not put votes on the
floor to support free trade because
they're not conservatives they're
trumpets
they're not let me say again they're not
conservatives they're trumpets
if they were conservatives and follow
the ideology of Bill Buckley follow the
ideology of Milton Friedman follow the
ideology of Hayek follow the ideology of
Ron the cokes of Ronald Reagan then they
would have done something but they've
sat on their hands trembling and now
Americans are starting to lose jobs
great job fellas hope it's worth it yeah
the in the other people we should
mention is people okhla Mario Alexander
who was the Governor of Tennessee went
to Japan got investment there was this
period of an overdose misuses word but
there was this kind of bipartisan period
where if you wanted prosperity you
because if you know Adam Smith world you
know you had to go out and hunt for jobs
around the world and you got a lot of
them the other thing is I think the last
75 years or so can be really 32 to 16
can be seen as this tension between FDR
and Reagan right it's a it was a
contentious but coherent conversation
this chapter is not this is not coherent
this is this is the right way
asthma of populism and nationalism no
one sure how much we really mean how
much of its and to go to David's point
you know people in Brussels are trying
to figure this out you know it's just a
chaotic period where nothing's makes
sense in a way that the last three
quarters of a century wherever he stood
politically it made sense by the way it
made sense weak and not only that but it
was called the American Century for a
reason we dominated the global stage and
I will say it again
I don't need a chart you can look at
every other country and you can see the
GDP go up and down this from 1945 to now
has been America's GDP people can bitch
and whine all they want they can
complain all they want about Washington
doesn't work this doesn't work that
doesn't work our GDP has been a
consecutive straight line up because of
the system that people from FDR through
Harry Truman through Ike through Kennedy
through Johnson through Nixon through
Ford through Carter through Reagan
through Bush through Clinton through
Bush through Obama all fought for and
this jackal in the White House can I say
that yeah I don't even know what it
means but it sounds good okay this guy
says oh I'm gonna change all of that
yes we had the American and yes we've
had more unprecedented economic growth
than any country in the history of this
planet but I'm just gonna change things
because I feel like it no it's worse
than that and we're gonna see what
happens
mark it down we're gonna see what
happens it's June 26 okay let's see what
Betsy would repent in a statement Harley
Davidson says in part quote increasing
international production to alleviate
the EU tariff burden is not the
company's preference but represents the
only sustainable option to make it's
motorcycles accessible to customers in
the EU and maintain a viable business in
Europe retaliating against Trump steel
and aluminum tariffs the EU raised
tariffs on american-made motorcycles
from 6% to 31% the EU is
harley-davidsons second-largest market
after the US
and the company estimates the tariffs
will cost it about a hundred million
dollars annually Trump responded to the
news on Twitter quote surprised that
harley-davidson of all companies would
be the first to wave the white flag I
fought hard for them and ultimately they
will not pay tariffs selling into the EU
which has hurt us badly on trade down
151 billion tax is just a Harley excuse
be patient
in a statement Republican senator Ben
Sasse says quote this will go over like
a Vespa at Sturgis the problem is it is
unpatriotic it's been tariffs are stupid
there are tax increases on Americans
they don't work and apparently we're
going to see more of this and see their
tere taxes on Americans this is the
Trump tariff tax which everybody's been
saying from the very beginning by the
way definition of jackal and urban
dictionary a legendary Irishman who
stands outside social influence and
spits on all who would try to change the
punch of the word talk about first of
all Harley Davidsons move and then the
president's response look it's curious
that the president tweeted what he did
because he should not have been
surprised to see Harley Davidson move
you don't have to be a genius economist
to understand that Harley does a ton of
business with the EU you don't have to
be a soothsayer to recognize that when
the United States tiptoes into trade
wars our allies or our trading partners
are going to respond I mean this is the
way these are the laws of thermodynamics
an action has an equal and opposite
reaction if the United States tries to
punish other countries with trade
barriers they're going to respond in
kind and additionally another very odd
thing about that tweet was the president
suggesting that Harley Davidson wasn't
ultimately going to pay tariffs Harley
Davidson is ultimately going to pay
tariffs that's how trade wars work it's
just it's a very strange curious way of
him trying to defend himself when the
reality is that this is the way trade
work trade wars operate this was
entirely predictable
alright still ahead in the Morning Joe
we're gonna be taking a look at today's
primary race say I also want to get back
to that with vet C and David we're gonna
talk about what impact and the chaos out
of the White House might have on voters
nationwide and we've got a new look from
the southern border how private citizens
private citizens are stepping into the
void it's been caused by broken
government policy you know we saw that I
saw it firsthand after Katrina how
churches and and and citizens stepped
forward you know we were taking water
over the Mississippi and Louisiana
because the government wasn't doing
their job did it for a couple weeks
apparently that's happening here well at
the very least it's hopeful that you can
see people stepping up you're watching
Morning Joe we'll be right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
