but we are going to start tonight with
something that we've got exclusively
it's an exclusive story and some
exclusive footage it's never been seen
anywhere before tonight
a week ago the story of the Trump
administration taking kids and babies
away from their moms and dads at the
border that story took a hard and
seemingly irreversible turn a week ago
when for the first time ProPublica
obtained and published a recording a
recording of these little kids screaming
for their parents inside a facility
where the Trump administration had put
them after taking them away from their
parents that audio recording of those
crying screaming little kids was made
surreptitiously it was smuggled out of a
Texas border region facility it was
obtained by a veteran investigative
reporter at Republican named ginger
Thompson and when Pro Publica released
that audio recording last week it
proceeded to break every living heart in
America by the following evening that
recording was being broadcast on
loudspeakers outside trump's hotel in DC
as people drove into the parking
facility for that hotel to attend a
Republican fundraiser they had to drive
past loudspeakers playing the sound of
those screaming kids the day after that
there were loudspeakers set up outside
the White House and blasting that
recording at the White House itself by
Friday at the end of last week
congressman ted Lieu was risking censure
in the US Congress by refusing to stop
playing that recording on the floor of
the house that audio recording of those
distraught kids being taken away from
their parents and screaming for their
mothers and fathers that recording
smuggled out of that government facility
that more than anything appears to have
been what turned the tide what made the
policy of separating kids from their
parents unsustainable even for this
administration and the president
reportedly now says he regrets having
signed that executive order last week to
end the policy but he did sign an
executive order last week to end that
policy I don't think the Trump
administration will ever admit that it
was that Pro Publica audio recording
that forced their hand but ultimately
when the history of this America
moment is written I think that will
probably be seen as the proximate cause
so the president and and the Trump
administration did cave and supposedly
and the policy last week apparently that
that audio recording and all the
protests and all the criticism and the
lawsuits and the the live wire of moral
outrage and upset that they set sparking
with that policy was enough to get them
to kill the policy last week but it has
not been enough to actually get them to
return the kids that they have already
taken I mean the country's shame and
outrage over that policy shamed them
into dropping of the policy but they
apparently are not yet shamed into any
conservative effort to actually free the
kids to actually get those kids back to
their moms and dads the administration
now says they've got well over two
thousand kids in custody that are kids
they have taken from their parents and
although the government is now bragging
that they're sure they haven't actually
lost any of these kids they definitely
know where they all are by large it
seems that parents who have had their
kids taken don't know where their kids
are and kids have been taken from their
parents don't know where their parents
are it is it is hard to know what it's
going to take to actually shame the
Trump administration into doing that
work and to actually returning kids to
their parents instead of just sending
out press releases pretending like the
effort is underway when it profoundly
obviously is not well now we are going
to advance the story a little bit
further tonight tonight we have obtained
for the first time a video recording
taken inside a facility that is
providing services to some of these kids
who've been taken away from their moms
and their dads this recording that we
have obtained is from a facility that is
not on the southern border so these kids
have been taken away from their parents
have been flown by the Trump
administration thousands of miles to be
held alone away from their parents
New York officials including New York
State's governor and New York City's
Mayor Bill DeBlasio said they were
outraged last week to learn that more
than two hundred kids were being held in
a facility in New York City unbeknownst
to local public officials mayor de
Blasio said no New York officials had
any no
that the kids were being brought here we
learned that they were here when a TV
news crew caught girls being moved in
the middle of the night after they
received a tip from someone who had come
to learn that kids had been separated
from their parents were being brought to
New York City well now for the first
time we can show you footage from inside
that facility these images were shot
surreptitiously by a woman who worked at
the facility until last week this
footage was shot late last week the
worker who took these images and took
the footage I'm about to show you has
since quit her job at this facility she
has provided this material to MSNBC and
NBC News on the condition of anonymity
so we will not be giving her name but we
have verified that she in fact worked at
this location when we asked her why she
serously shot this video at her
workplace and took these pictures and
provided them to us she said quote I am
here today because I feel like it's
important to make a difference I feel
that it's time for everybody to stand up
and to stop being afraid and actually
help these children that are being
separated from their parents she said
quote it's very heartbreaking to know
that there's children even if it were
just one but there's a lot of them in my
program and it's sad to know that these
children are crying for their parents
they don't know where their parents are
she explained that there had been a huge
influx of younger kids who have arrived
at this facility in the last couple of
months and she said that clued her in to
the fact that this was as a result of a
change in the Trump administration's
policy she told us quote there was a
huge influx the amount of kids that are
little that are coming alone compared to
the amount of teenagers it's way higher
so that tells you a lot how are these
kids coming alone that's not okay
they're not coming alone they're getting
separated at the border as a teacher at
the program serving these kids she told
us quote we're not allowed to know
what's going on with the child we're not
allowed to ask any of the kids questions
if the child is not okay the only thing
we're allowed to ask is do you want to
speak to your case manager do you want
to speak to your clinician so she says I
wasn't aware of anything that was going
on until the news happened and that's
what I'm like wait what is going on so
that's what I do my own investigation
and I'm like no this is not okay she
told us quote we're not allowed to hug
the kids she said we're not allowed to
touch them at all but she said quote I
decided not to follow that rule this
week this week I hugged them I don't
care anymore
so we just showed you some of the video
and the stills that this source was able
to smuggle out of this facility the
blurry areas and these images obviously
are to protect the anonymity of these
kids obviously these kids are not in a
position to be able to consent to us
using their images and so we are
disguising their identity to protect
them but we've been showing you these
this video and these stills to show you
a little bit about what it looks in
Slyke inside here's footage of one
little girl in particular talking about
what is happening down
Gosselaar condo mama
escameca trabajadora si como te llamas
Jessica
- Venus has come to mama no way mr. solo
Conte or mono
Gorman he can't designers Dana Thurman
yes it at parkland
you don't let that on my mom
Mimi get us you know what's always the
best time
then los estados mustapha's and crystal
is done
all in bohemia'
there's a lot of comedy
okay let's hablar con el Condor fell
ultima vez que los de c√°mara
so again this video was shot by a worker
surreptitiously inside that facility the
worker who shot the video has since quit
no longer works there that video was
shot late last week I should tell you in
the interest of full disclosure that the
worker who shot that video has made
clear to us that she is critical of the
policy of the Trump administration
separating kids from their parents but
but this is the first window that we
have had in to these kids experiences I
should tell you that the Cayuga Center
in East Harlem New York City where this
footage was shot is not the facility
that is separating kids from their
parents these people who are working
here with these kids are not responsible
for having taken the kids away they're
receiving kids who have already been
taken away from their parents or who are
alone for other reasons kids are not
staying overnight at this facility the
way it works with this one is they they
come there every day for four-day
programs and services and then they
sleep at foster homes at night but
they're back there pretty much all day
every day the worker who shot this
footage and provide it to us is critical
of the amount of staffing at this
facility saying that since the number of
kids held in this facility has spiked
especially especially since the number
of little kids in this facility has
spiked since the Trump administration
started taking kids away from their
parents she says that the case
management and medical staffing and the
number of teachers and trainers that
that facility has not kept up with the
increasingly crowded conditions and the
increasingly needy and increasingly
younger population that they are now
handling that little girl who you just
saw who says her name is Jessica we
don't know the circumstances under which
she and her mother were separated
obviously you can tell that she's upset
we obviously have blurred her face so
we've not included her last name here as
a way to try and protect her anonymity I
just want to say here one other thing
about this footage before we get to some
reaction to what we've seen here
before we speak to the attorney who is
now for free representing this worker
who took this footage and smuggled it
out of there so people can see what's
happening with these kids before she
quit her job what I want to say is that
while this is while what you just saw is
the first smuggled video footage from
inside one of these facilities it is
likely to be only the first right there
will be more when you take more than
2,000 children forcibly away from their
parents and then you don't make any
concerted effort to return those kids to
their families when the government
essentially abducts a very large number
of children including babies and then
scatters them all around the country to
all these different facilities with no
concrete plans to give them back to
their families that is too big an
operation to keep secret I mean the
reason we know the Cayuga facility in
Harlem exists is because somebody tipped
off a local TV news station when the
girls were arriving and being moved in
the middle of the night
the reason Pro Publica got that first
audio tape that cracked this story open
like a nut is because somebody inside a
facility got that recording to a lawyer
who got it to a reporter who got it to
you this stuff is going to come out it
has to it's too big an effort to keep
under wraps and the people involved in
every step of this process know that too
so much so that there's one other small
piece of tape I just want to play you
this is just audio footage it's not
video footage but it was obtained by the
same worker inside the same facility
last week and in this audio footage
you'll hear an employee from this
facility talking to the kids and the
employee from facilities essentially
warning the kids themselves hey don't
talk to the press it's in your best
interest if anybody asks you don't say
anything
we forget
yes
yeah
not that
you tell a reporter you know what's
gonna happen to your case it's gonna be
on the news and then one doesn't know
what's gonna happen I'm not trying to
scare you I'm just telling you it's the
truth you have to be careful not to talk
while you guys are here we're protecting
or we're trying to help you guys don't
talk to the press okay kids or we don't
know how long we'll be able to keep you
here
got more ahead including the lawyer for
the woman who obtained this footage New
York's mayor will also be joining us
stay with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
