our politics has been consumed by the
border crisis and the Russia probe but
many candidates in the midterm races are
actually trying to break through with
their own messages some succeeding like
Texas Democrat MJ Hagar combat veteran
who explains how many doors she's had to
fight in opening them for her career
this creative ad looks like it spans
decade in a single take it now has gone
viral with over two million views and
that success address is one of the big
hurdles for any new candidate name
recognition take this ad in Maryland
which goes after that issue by trolling
Trump on the topic of same-sex marriage
I believe in public schools not vouchers
and what's the number one way I piss off
Donald Trump and the Republicans take
that Trump now those are both heartfelt
biographic ads another candidate may
have overdone it by trying to break
through with a movie reference a little
Top Gun fan fiction
parenthood and Obamacare you vote
against a centrist feeling no spoilers
but the voters will get to decide if
that works and now we've saved the most
bizarre for last this is a Colorado
Democrat who decided to pepper spray
himself on camera in this literally
painful ad this will stop anyone in
their tracks
for less than $1 per person in the u.s.
we can have a secured canister of pepper
spray in every classroom in America we
checked and that candidate told us he
stands by the ad the idea was to show an
alternative to guns in schools but if
your ad displays questionable judgment
the voters could grade you down now the
comedy host Jesus and Meryl offered
their take on that ad yo the Democrats
might actually lose the next election if
you have to fight this homies maced and
then waterboarding himself
ain't no wanted to get your vote all
right damn he took the Obama poster just
like double bit like Levi didn't put a
lot of work into this you know we've all
heard the line that any press is good
press which is true enough for people
who just want press it's not true in
every midterm campaign and now the
voters in Colorado have to decide if
someone wants to be in Congress so badly
they will pepper spray themselves for it
do you want that person in Congress hey
I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
