it's Friday on the beat and you know
what that means but today we have a
special take over addition to fall back
Friday with Method Man from the wu-tang
clan yes Method Man is here with me the
Grammy award-winning rapper from Staten
Island who exploded on the scene with
whoo tang clan they've sold over 40
million albums worldwide and he's got
hit songs with mary j blige and red van
and recurring roles and hit HBO shows
you know like the wire Oz and the deuce
yes sir Method Man thanks for coming on
the beat thanks for having me man you
know I've been on getting hit up a lot
you know about this guy
that's on MSNBC that just you know knows
all the lyrics it's a mostly all the
nineties hip-hop songs kudos to you hey
thank you man that means a lot I grew up
on your music thank you we think about
everything you said I want to get to
your fallback yes but starting with your
music yes it's not just hip-hop but rock
and roll a lot of genres that talk about
having fun and sometimes getting high
here we're rapping about that yeah
dr. Spock I could kiss this
so you see that there why is marijuana
pot so important to the music and the
culture to you well I think it opens up
a whole new creative door honestly you
know it elevates you a little bit past
where you are already um I think some of
the most creative people in our business
smoke pot whether in the closet or
outside the closet I won't say any names
but you know my influences weren't
necessarily pot smokers but it does help
so who's on your list who needs to fall
back police need to fall back with
telling people to tell you know the
whole stop snitching thing that they
tell us that's wrong but when the Blue
Shield comes up that thing comes up
aren't they doing the same thing yeah we
saw in Chicago officers didn't want to
testify in the shooting of laQuan
McDonald right video showed a police
officer shot him that would seem to be
what you're saying a exact verse no
snitching reverse no snitching my
fallback is former Republican Speaker
John Boehner when he was in Congress he
was supporting a real crackdown on drugs
and we know from the data of black
Americans three times more likely to be
arrested for pot when when the rates
show they use at the same level as white
Americans
that's not he is now taking money from
the pot lobby to lobby for pop OH
oh my god what a hypocrite you know what
he wasn't the house speaker yeah before
Paul Ryan um I I think he needs to go
get tanned a little bit more now I'm not
gonna insult the guy you know what
people see that I'm guessing people are
coming around to the ills of marijuana
they're coming around to see that it's
they were it was misjudged in a sense
the the the actual plant and we overdid
it in the war on drugs we overdid it in
the war on drugs to be classified the
same as heroin and cocaine is ludicrous
in mine in my mind so that needs to fall
back and what needs to fall back is the
court of public opinion as far as social
media Wiz Khalifa who loves his son by
the way adores his son I didn't they
loved the kid myself because he has such
a great personality he went to school
and Wiz let him take the public school
bus people lost their minds excuse me
first of all mind your business
of all that's his son and he can raise
his son any way he wants to people think
the kids too rich to ride the bus yeah
that's what I'm thinking that why is
your they basically question why is wiz
khalifa's son taking a public school bus
I have a quote I wanted to use for that
public opinion it's from Walter Lippman
the private citizen beset by partisan
Appeals for the loan of his public
opinion will soon see perhaps that these
appeals are not in complement to his
intelligence but an imposition on his
good nature and an insult to his sense
of evidence that's basically what I feel
like needs to fall back you know people
need to mind their business more there's
an old saying my mom used to say if you
don't have nothing nice to say I'll let
you finish it don't say nothing at all
yeah yeah I have another fall back
that's whoo related okay I want Martin
shkreli to fall back we're using his
money to get himself involved in the
whoo
he of course bought what was advertised
by some right as this unique
one-of-a-kind woo album yeah what do you
think about that at first I was I didn't
I knew who shkreli was and when he
bought it I was like of all the people
that could have bought that album but
after a while it seemed more WWH and
then shkreli with the whole hemming
ghostface going back and forth it
definitely had to be WWE before I let
you go I want us I just want to talk a
little music with you for people who
love rap wu-tang clan changed the game
yes did you know when you were starting
out that it was gonna be that embraced
in that revolutionary no not at all no I
just for me I always dealt with things
on such a small scale for me even we're
not right to this day it's not to
impress the Master System is to impress
my small circle if they approved and I
know I did it right you guys were so
interested in Asian culture and kung-fu
movies where did that come from Saturday
matinee for us our childhood the
majority of us were those chrome foo
flakes
I'm telling you at 3 o'clock Saturday 3
o'clock in the afternoon the streets
were clear at least my streets were
because everybody was watching that
Saturday matinee
fatal flying guillotine five deadly
venoms so many and as you get older you
start to incorporate some of these
philosophies some of these wait this
this way of life that they live the
loyalty the Brotherhood never backing
down that that bravado you know what I
mean and it all worked for hip-hop
because these are some of the same
traits that are in our music for people
to just see the facade and not what's
behind it that's the reason why a lot of
us in the places we are right now so me
as an artist I want to keep that facade
up I don't want people to get that close
to me I want that mystery so they'll
always come back for more I feel like
this was a very sophisticated
explanation of the line you don't know
me and you don't know 100 feet you
always throw one in there brother
thank you very much Method Man you're
one of ours brother please please
believe it yes sir that was fun
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us
and we appreciate that
