also been keeping a close eye on oil
prices here's my trusty oil barrel by
the way 68-58 is where we are as of
Friday when the markets closed I'll
update this again at 2:00 o'clock this
afternoon president Trump has repeatedly
called for the lowering of crude oil
prices but for facts sake is that going
to help Americans with the cost of gas
well barrel prices have more than
doubled from their lows in early 2016
Americans are feeling the pinch at the
pump that's normal paying on average two
dollars and 85 cents a gallon for
gasoline unleaded gasoline self serve
that's almost 60 cents higher than a
year ago and while that's bad news for
consumers it's actually pretty good news
for America's shale oil producers that's
because fracking from rocks is a lot
more expensive than conventional oil
drilling where you drill into the ground
and oil comes up crude oil prices have
to be around $60 a barrel for shale
operators to turn a profit this there's
some differences in this number but just
rough average about 60 bucks a barrel
back when oil prices collapsed in 2015
America's oil industry ended up shaving
60,000 jobs from its payrolls now the
prices are back up America's oil
producers are hiring again until the
next time prices go bust and yet on
Friday Trump tweeted hope OPEC will
increase output substantially need to
keep prices down well be careful for
what you wish for because this weekend
Saudi Arabia convinced other
oil-producing companies to raise global
output but it declined to give specific
numbers as to how much to move widely
seen as an attempt to satisfy Donald
Trump but that might only serve to hurt
our domestic oil producers even so oil
futures actually shot up on the news of
the oil increase settling it as I showed
you 68-58
on Friday take a look at that that's
just shy of its peak in May when it hits
$70 a barrel that's because oil markets
don't think that a little extra supply
is enough to meet growing world demand
but we should see a drop or should we
see a drop like we did in 2015 and 2016
the recovery that US oil producers have
seen in the last two years might be
wiped out sure gas prices will be lower
and that is a good thing but in the oil
industry jobs could be lost so it's one
of those things that you have to balance
out again mister
president be careful what you wish for
it hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
