the president United States and some of
those around and continue to use racist
rhetoric under the guise of refusing to
bow to political correctness in doing so
they've emboldened Americans nationwide
to share their own bigoted opinions
listen to this exchange from fox news
over the weekend featuring david bossy
who served as a senior aide to the trump
campaign
Michael Hayden yeah you're out of your
cotton-picking mind your mind
cotton-picking mind it is a
colloquialism but context matters and in
the shadow of the horrors of slavery the
connotations of picking cotton cannot be
ignored because of course generations of
black women men and children were forced
under the threat of violence and death
and for no compensation to pick cotton
now bossy has since apologized tweeting
quote during a heated segment on Fox &
Friends today I should have chosen my
words more carefully and never used the
offensive phrase that I did I apologized
- Joel Paine Fox News and its viewers
notably bossy doesn't try to deflect
here admirable he admits that the phrase
was offensive which is more than can be
said of former Trump campaign manager
Corey Lewandowski you might remember
this exchange from last week I mean look
I read today about a ten year old girl
with Down syndrome who was taken from
her mother and put in a cage I read
about a a did you say won't want to a
ten year old with Down syndrome well
instead of apologizing for that crash
showing of disdain he had for a young
child with disabilities Lewandowski
explained that he was really just trying
to own the libs so to speak quote lots
of fake news today i mocked a liberal
who attempted to politicize children as
opposed to discussing the real issue
which is fixing a broken immigration
system it's offensive that the MSM
mainstream media doesn't want to talk
about the fact that these policies were
started under Obama I talk often about
the nature of civility I believe our
political system is sorely lacking in
this virtue but and this is important
civility is a two-way street you cannot
expect someone to treat you
civility while you refuse to acknowledge
their humanity
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
