how is the world looking at this
disconnect between the evidence coming
from the Turkish government which is
gruesome and total but with apparently a
tape of the audio tape of this killing
and our president's refusal to accept
the fact well I think a lot of the the
world reaction has been similar to the
way the world looks at President Trump
from the beginning that he is someone
who values strongmen he is someone who
values money values trade relations and
tries not to cast any moral judgments
and does not want morals to get in front
of a business interest and I think that
is the way people look at it there
there's some are scratching their heads
some think it's pragmatic but they are
not looking at as the way they
traditionally have seen the United
States which tries to present itself as
a as a champion of human rights not
always very successfully but we're
learning tonight and the Washington Post
guest:can can elaborate more on this is
really a new take on what happened
inside the Saudi consulate behind me
we know that Jamaica so he was nervous
about going inside this building that's
why he'd been living in exile he knew
he'd made enemies of the powerful Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman often
referred to by his initials mb/s he was
so nervous about going inside that he
told his fiancee to stay outside with
his phones and to call authorities
should he not come out and he didn't
come out but apparently that was not the
only precaution that he took a Turkish
newspaper tonight to a pro-government
newspaper is reporting that he was
wearing an an Apple watch and that he
had set the Apple watch syncing it with
one of his phones to record and that
while he was inside the phone was
recording uploading data to a server and
that he may have through his cunning
recorded the interrogation
the beating the torture and ultimately
his own murder leaving behind the clues
that Turkish investigators are now
putting together is that the source of
the recording that the Turkish
government has according to this
according to this one pro-government
newspaper which I must say has been
pretty reliable this pro-government
newspaper has throughout the past week
and a half
been drip drip drip releasing
information tips about the timeline
about how to chartered Jets arrived at
Istanbul Airport how a convoy of
vehicles came here to the consulate
building that they were very early on in
quoting security sources saying that
Khashoggi had been murdered inside so
their information has been consistent
and proven out to be true and supported
by other Turkish officials it's possible
then that is not where these recordings
come from but that's what they say that
they came from well hold on there
Ritchie let me go to Ruth Marcus what's
what's impressed me is the way I think
thanks to your newspaper and other
journalistic organizations the American
people have taken up this cause he's--
jamala Khashoggi is felt at this point
like he's one of ours somebody chose to
live in our country sought refuge in our
country worked for our country reported
for our country and we feel like a
kinship with him after his death
apparently and I wonder if anybody
thought like this in the in that part of
the world that they knew how much of an
affront we were going to take here I
well we certainly think of Jamal
Khashoggi at the Washington Post
editorial page at the opinion section as
one of ours and I have to say the
response of the American people the
response of our colleagues at NBC MSNBC
and across the American media to this
outrageous disappearance and perhaps
worse than disappearance has been a
really heartening aspect of a really
terrible and tragic story and I think
that we know the American people know
instead
actively that people who criticize their
government whether here or abroad are
not enemies of the people to use a
phrase that people may recognize they
are acting out of love for their country
Reid Jamal Koosh oh geez
op eds for The Washington Post
you understand that this is a man who
truly loved his country wanted to get it
on the right track praised Mohammed bin
Salman and the Saudi leadership when he
thought they deserved praise doing
things like allowing women to drive or
opening movie theaters and also was
fearless and criticizing them a
fearlessness that might have led to his
murder well president Trump has long
been a vocal advocate for better
relations with Saudi Arabia in fact
Trump chose Saudi Arabia as the first
stop on his first foreign trip after
becoming president and he's consistently
praised that country and its leadership
since entering politics it's a great
honor to have the Crown Prince with us
Saudi Arabia's been a very great friend
and a big purchaser the king of Saudi
Arabia was a great guy
King Salman think of it I have great
friendships in Saudi Arabia they have
many friends that are Saudis oh yes I
see him all the time
I'm all for Saudi Arabia I like the
Saudis they're very nice I make a lot of
money with them they buy all sorts of my
stuff all kinds of toys from Trump they
pay me millions and hundreds of millions
Saudi Arabia I love Saudi Arabia the
people are very nice to me they buy my
apartments you wouldn't believe it it's
true they'll pay me anything they have
nothing but money Richard to the Saudis
think they own Trump
well they may have thought that but I
think what happened over the last couple
of days here in the International
reaction may prove that the the the
Saudis if in fact they were behind the
the murder or disappearance of become a
yogi that they they misread the
situation
there has been a ferocious backlash
turkey has been relentless in its leaks
telling reporters what happened telling
the the media about what it says was a
hit squad of fifteen Saudis who arrived
in this country who came to the
consulate and were waiting inside so
that they could kill and then dismember
Malka Malka yes so if they thought they
had a trumped up bought and paid for and
they thought that no one was going to
react to this then I think they were
mistaken
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
