the problem the the focus at least for
me is not the Trump administration the
focus or the 40 probably 2% now 42 to 45
percent of Americans who support Donald
Trump and the question is how do they
move away from a candidate from a
politician who is using race constantly
who is lying every day who is subverting
the rule of law every day who works
every day to undermine the power of the
federal judiciary they don't think we do
that by kicking them out of our
restaurants or by in something little
fun little engagement I had this weekend
we don't do it by saying if you support
Donald Trump you are a racist because at
the end of the day my concern is with
that 45% why are they supporting this
man I don't understand it but I know
this for the rule of law to be protected
for constitutional norms to be protected
for America's role in the world to be
protected for our allies to be protected
for America's standing across a globe to
be protected for free markets to be
protected for our way of life and
decency to be protected they need to be
moved away in my opinion from supporting
a man who is who is so aberrant
to what president's been I don't think
calling them racist and I don't think
kicking them out doesn't work will will
move them at the end of the day politics
is about making friends it's about
converting people to your cause how do
you do that it's not running around
screaming on college campuses and in
movie theaters and in restaurants that
you're a racist get out of here
yeah well the Trump presidency has
already induced a lot of collateral
damage principally in the United States
Congress both the House and the Senate
have been badly damaged almost to the
point of ineffectiveness because of
their obsessive focus on the Democrats
part on Donald Trump and by going
overboard
overboard I mean comparing the Trump
presidency to elements of Nazi Germany
was so overboard I think it turned a lot
of people off the way to do it Joe in my
view and anecdotally talking to people
about it is just to simply concentrate
focus on convincing more and more
Americans that Donald J Trump President
of the United States is simply not up to
the job that's it he can't do the job
and eventually hopefully for people who
want him out you know he'll prove it
even further over the next 18 20 months
so we wish that there could be somebody
in there that had listened to that his
policies could could be transformed that
they could move but unfortunately it
just keeps getting worse by the day
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
