when we came on the air last week the
country was at an impasse the president
calling on Congress to act on sweeping
immigration legislation to end the
separation of immigrant families at the
border with Mexico the president
insisting he couldn't fix it alone
Republicans in Congress were by and
large horrified and for the first time
since the president's election they said
president Trump you've gone too far
and with every Senate Democrat also
taking a stand against the policy the
President signed an executive order
ending the policy he started the week
saying he was helpless to stop and now
we are at the bat back at the start of
that cruel circle families are still in
flux federal officials are struggling to
keep up to a night reunite those
families and Congress has no clear plan
to reform an immigration system that has
needed repair for decades with all this
I'd like to welcome into my panel here
with me on set politics reporter for The
Daily Beast and MSNBC contributor Betsy
Woodruff Washington bureau chief for
vice news Shauna Thomas and Republican
strategist and principal at cogent
strategies Kevin McLaughlin and joined
the conversation from Nashville
president historian MSNBC contributor
and author of the soul of America the
battle for our better angels Jon Meacham
John I'm going to come to you in a
second too for a little bit of
conversation about exactly which angels
are in charge right at the moment but I
want to start with you Shana Thomas
because I mean this this week I remember
sitting here a week ago Sunday and
wondering if this was going to be the
kind of story that was actually going to
break through that wasn't just going to
be another handful of minutes of news
cycle and you know those pictures
galvanized the country they galvanized
both parties and the president was
forced to back down yeah and I think
some of that is you still have people
going down to the sites outside of El
Paso and down in McAllen you had members
of Congress there yesterday you were
there apparently
bracele and then also there was another
event today that had basically activists
lawyers immigration lawyers that kind of
thing there are still people going down
there
a correspondent there of McMorris
Santoro who is there with one of the
people running for Congress in that
district so as long as people keep
drawing attention to this I think it is
going to last for a while as an issue
the thing is we're about to be on the
4th of July we are in going to be in the
middle summer people are gonna be taking
vacations with their family people are
not going to be paying as much attention
I don't know if this issue goes all the
way to the election and that's some of
why it's still bubbling up is because
both Democrats and Republicans think
this is an issue that either needs to be
taken care of so that it doesn't affect
the election or Democrats think they can
possibly use it which sounds callous and
I understand that but it is a situation
yeah no of course we want to be
sensitive and and the reality though is
that there there still are thousands of
kids who are we think hundreds at least
1,800 plus kids who are still separated
from their families at this point Jon
Meacham can you kind of put the week
that was in perspective here for us I
mean this has been an issue that we as a
nation have grappled with time and time
again and we've had you know episodes
where you know America has shown as the
the shining city on the hill and times
when we have not quite frankly lived up
to what the Statue of Liberty promises
absolutely one of the first debates we
had in the country in the 1790s and you
know it's a good Sunday when you start
with the 1790s was a battle over the
Alien and Sedition Acts where we were an
infant nation and yet we gave the
president United States the power to
deport immigrants by Fiat illegal aliens
aliens that he believed to be to be
dangerous into the 19th century where
you had the Chinese Exclusion Act we had
viciously racist rhetoric from
mainstream political figures in the 19th
century who worried that to quote a
senator from Maine I think it was
worried that there was going to be a
yellow Empire from California to the
Rockies if we didn't limit immigration
from from Asia there was the fears of
the white working-class that led to the
rise of the second Ku Klux Klan from
1915 to about 1927 that was explicit
anxiety that immigrants were going to
work
and possibly for less money now
conservatives who believe in a free
market had some problems with
intellectual consistency best never stop
never stop there into into where we are
where we are now and I think what's
interesting what's really interesting
about the last 12 or 13 days or so is I
believe it's the first time in the Trump
administration where the president has
explicitly reversed course or at least
begun to reverse course I understand
before people start tweeting I
understand that this is like an arsonist
you were congratulating an arsonist for
putting out a fire but at least the fire
was put out to some extent and I think
that the lesson for all of us in the
country is that sustained public
pressure sustained resistance is
absolutely essential at any moment in
the life of the Republic but
particularly one when we have a
president who seems so determined to
knock down the ordinary guardrails and
the ordinary conventions of generosity
that have marked our best eras Kevin
McLaughlin
can you weigh in on on what Jon Meacham
is kind of putting out there here I mean
you are I don't know I don't know if you
are a never Trump er I don't know if I
want to label you that in public I'm not
but you are somebody who has been a
member of the Republican Party for a
long time and seen it change under
President Trump and quite frankly this
seemed it felt to me like the first time
that Republicans said no way Jamis well
let me go back to 1790 polling date and
I'll take three times just that John did
but no I think that there was a visceral
reaction to that because you know I
think Republicans have worked really
hard to get themselves in a pretty good
place for the midterm election for the
first time in a long time and they all
see it going up in smoke right now and
you know midterms are based elections so
I think in this in the Senate actually I
don't think this is having a huge impact
I think it might kind of sort of help if
you will on the Republican side as long
as it gets solved immediately but on the
house side with so many swing districts
and so many retirements in those
districts it's a real problem on the
house side for sure and so speaking of
polling the reports over the last week
said the President Trump wanted the
showdown over immigration my people
loved it he said according to the New
York Times we now have new polling
CBS News and it shows the vast divide in
how Americans are reacting and
proceeding this issue while 53% of
Americans strongly oppose separating
children from their parents who enter
the country illegally Americans are
divided over whether reuniting them is a
high priority and the difference
surprise surprise is political party
seventy-five percent of Democrats said
reunification should be a top priority
while just a quarter of Republicans said
the same thing and not nearly seventy
five percent of Republicans said those
who enter the US illegally should be
punished as an example of toughness
while eighty percent of Democrats said
they should be treated well as an
example of kindness here is the
president this weekend in Las Vegas we
have the toughest border you can have
considering the laws are the worst of
the whole country our immigration laws
are a laughingstock all over the world
were the only people people walk in they
put a foot in please would you like to
register other countries they say get
the hell out of here
and the president tweeting today in part
quote we cannot allow all of these
people to invade our country when
somebody comes in we must immediately
with no judges or court cases bring them
back from where they came
Kevin I wanna go back to you on this and
Betsy I'd like you to weigh in as well
but I mean this clearly I mean the
president views this as a base issue
immigration and the polling to a certain
extent bears that out I think my
question is is the number of those
Republicans shrinking as this presidency
wears on and that might be true I don't
know but the problem I have with it is
is that I think the base is pretty well
locked down at this point I think that
you know to be honest with you to like
the stuff the Republicans would want to
run on the economy ending regulation
judges that's really good for the base
as it is on the Republican side and you
don't have to lose people per se and in
droves is with you do the hot-button
issue like immigration so I think that's
the big reason that the Republicans just
want to in Congress want to move on and
get on the next thing yeah speaking of
political at the base of a party this is
the other side but this week I traveled
to the otai Mesa Detention Center in San
Diego to
talk with Senator Kamala Harris during
our conversation I asked her about the
growing calls from progressive activists
to abolish ice take a look a lot of the
signs at the rally you just held were
people standing there saying abolish ice
yeah is that a position that you agree
with listen I think there's no question
that we've got to critically reexamine
ice and its role and the way that it is
being administered and the work it is
doing and we need to probably think
about starting from scratch because
there's a lot that is wrong with the way
that it's conducting itself and we need
to deal with that what do you think
should be the alternative to ice well
first of all I don't think that the
government should be an ability in the
in the in the position of separating
families and that is clearly what is
part of what's happening at Isis and DHS
you look at what's happening again in
terms of how they're conducting their
perspective on asylum seekers that is a
real problem and and is contrary to all
of the spirit and the reason that we
even have the asylum rules and laws in
the first place
so their mission I think is very much in
question and it has to be re-examined
what do you make of that is ice the
bigger problem here well I don't I don't
know how you abolish an agency without
abolishing the function and I think the
function is necessary as far as what
senator Harris said about examining what
they're doing how they're doing it I
think that's absolutely something we
should do that's our responsibility to
provide oversight but ultimately there's
going to have to be an agency before I
sit was I ns there has to be some agency
to administer the the immigration laws
in the country there are a lot of
questions to be answered I don't know if
I say abolish I don't think that makes a
lot of sense but I do think looking at
it makes a hell of a lot of sense Betsy
would rip this a Polish ice Christ seems
to be coming something B becoming a
litmus test for Democrats that's right I
think particularly progressive activists
are trying to make this as central
trying to expand the Overton Window if
you will the terms of the conversation
that can be had about policy that said
of course these calls make people's
heads blow up at DHS and what you'll
hear from DHS officials from I
officials from the rank-and-file is that
look it's their job to enforce the law
they are a law enforcement agency and
what they will say printed specially
pushing back against common law Harris
the senator from California and Senator
King is very much that the problem is
the laws themselves not the law
enforcement agency that's the argument
you're going to hear back that's
something you're going to hear from
Republicans as well so the challenge for
progressives is to sort of differentiate
between the way laws are enforced and
the laws themselves of course if there's
one thing we know is that Congress is
really bad at changing immigration laws
this has been a non-starter for
literally almost decades now I think and
that's part of the reason that there's
such a pushback against the agency
enforcing it was I also think that how
the agency does their job is also
governed by who is at the top so the
difference between the Obama
administration and the Trump
administration in the case of how ice
performs their function whether it be
within the country or on the border is
that this zero-tolerance policy on the
border is something that was from on
high right so ice has to stand there
send the people that they catch on the
other side of the border into the
judicial system that's not that's not
the ice agents fault right and also that
as a higher that's a higher calling I
know as well as like the raising
everyone wants to point to and I think
this is if you can have a sign that says
abolish ice then you can point towards
those raids that are also doing things
to families but they are carrying out
the policy of a president that has been
hard on immigration since he ran for
office and let's remember how much of
this comes back to DOJ rather even than
immigration enforcement the zero
tolerance policy was a decision of the
Attorney General Jeff Sessions it was
his idea it's really at the end of the
day about the people who are in charge
let's refocus though here for a second
because I do want to make sure that we
keep the focus where it needs to be
which is on these people who are still
separated from their families these
mothers fathers and of course the
children I was down on the border
because Senate senator Harris went to
visit that Detention Center to meet with
mothers who had been separated from
their children here's a little bit more
of our conversation senator you I mean
you've had a long career in law
enforcement I mean
can you compare what you saw in this
facilitated system the other things
you've seen I mean it's a prison Casey
it's a prison I I've visited some of the
worst prisons in the United States and
this is it it is a prison
you walk in there are two layers of
barbed wire and fence there people are
in pods and there's kind of a more
maximum-security area and then the lower
security area the time I'm spending is
to talk with mothers who have been
ripped from their children and and and
just in the pain all right I mean
they're you know they're sitting with
the United States senators so they kind
of hold it together and then we start to
talk about it and it's just the the
tears just start falling and it's it's
awful it's the pain of having to leave
the only country they've known because
it was so dangerous it's the pain of
traveling through an unknown land right
through the country of Mexico relying on
strangers in these caravans
the pain of all that they will be
exposed to during that trek right not
really being in control of much and that
the abuse that they may endure and then
they arrive and without even having the
ability to yet give their story about
the circumstances of their arrival their
children are taken from them and taken
to unknown places it's outrageous and
it's inhumane and it's unnecessary and I
think Casey that's one of the most
important aspects of this whole issue
it's not necessary it's actually not
necessary but you know why they did it
and this can't be lost in this
conversation they told us why they did
it the administration told us why they
did it they did this to deter others
from coming to the country so you've
decided to exact what could be a
lifetime of trauma and of wit over 2,000
children for deterrence of other people
and you know it's unconscionable we're
gonna have my complete interview with
senator Harris up in the next hour but
Jon Meacham I mean with some of those
kind of descriptions vivid descriptions
I mean a nice at you know I rode with
Senator Harris to the 10th Detention
Facility was sitting outside there I
mean there's rolls and rolls of barbed
wire those double prison doors I mean it
it feels like it really feels like a
prison I'm curious I mean we've we have
a couple you know dark moments in our
nation's history that we all kind of
remember is this one that you think is
going to get added to that list it's
certainly the most vivid manifestation
of what so many people have feared about
the Trump administration and I think you
go from the travel ban early on to to
this separation policy and I do think
also there's a difference between as Ben
it gets kind of fudged up in the
conversation there's a difference retire
and leave order policy and they separate
children from parents and I think that
one can be for a strong border and find
what's happening with these children to
be important and I think that that
that's an important distinction and one
that I believe frankly a more morally
sound and a more intellectually
consistent administration might actually
make why wouldn't I wrote aa lurin spy a
sufficient deterrent again that that's a
conversation that can be had but the
Trump administration is it really
interested in having a conversation all
right this is they are reaping what
they've sown
everything is a zero-sum game everything
is the war of all against all and so I
do think this moment partly because of
the visual imagery partly because the
president was forced to at least
partially reverse himself I think this
will be something that that at least
sticks in the mind longer than most of
the Trump era which is unfortunately
there's so much of it it's it's almost
impossible psychologically to hold on to
it but we're called upon to hold on to
and hold on to it fact hold fast to it
because we don't want to be the era that
interned the Japanese you don't want you
want to be on the right side of history
and history is forever these new cycles
and Breitbart and Fox moments even
midterm elections they come and go but
history is going to judge all of us as
Lincoln once said down to the last
generation for where we stood in this
era where we had a president who really
turned in and turned eight
us-versus-them
rhetoric into reality and I think that
that that notion of history finally got
to at least some of the people at least
that I talked to every day on Capitol
Hill hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
