putting on the Michael Cohen
investigation is uncovered more about
the strange relationship between Donald
Trump and the sensationalist tabloid the
National Enquirer Washington Post
revealing that quote during the
presidential campaign National Enquirer
executives sent digital copies of the
tabloids articles and cover images
related to Donald Trump in his political
opponents to Trump's attorney Michael
Cohen in advance of publication
while the Enquirer's parent company
American media has denied the practice
Trump is known to be close with the
company's CEO David pecker tabloid
frequently attacked Trump's opponents
often with unverified or specious
headlines many of them aimed at Hillary
Clinton post also reports the quote
Trump suggested stories to pecker on a
regular basis and was particularly
interested in stories about Clinton's
health however The Enquirer is probably
best remembered for printing
unsubstantiated stories about Ted Cruz
including allegations of marital
infidelity in the baseless claim that
Cruz's father worked with Lee Harvey
Oswald in the Kennedy assassination
Trump spread those stories to bash his
Republican rival all while claiming he
had nothing to do with the tabloid
behind the allegations let's watch I had
nothing to do with it the campaign had
absolutely nothing to do with it he's
got a problem with the National Enquirer
I have no control over the National
Enquirer I didn't even know about the
story on the cover of The National
Enquirer there's a picture of him and
crazy Lee Harvey Oswald having breakfast
now Ted never denied that it was his
father but there was a picture on the
front page of The National Enquirer
which does have credibility it's up to
people to believe it or not to believe
it I'm not writing it myself I'm not
going out and doing the research I mean
if that was the New York Times they
would have gotten Pulitzer Prizes for
their reporting and I'm joined now by
the author of that report Sarah Ellison
from the Washington Post and John
podhoretz is the editor of commentary
magazine and an MSNBC contributor and
Sarah let me to start with you just to
sort of fill in some of the blanks I
think we gave it kind of the basics
there but take us through this
relationship between the Trump campaign
and The Inquirer
what did that look like
behind-the-scenes what did that result
in for the world to see well we've known
for a long time that Donald Trump and
David pecker who is the CEO of American
media are friendly and friends and
they've communicated a lot over the
years that's fine people are allowed to
have those kinds of friendships what we
were specifically reporting on well I
guess the other thing we actually know
is that the National Enquirer gave a lot
of very positive coverage to Donald
Trump and a lot of very negative
coverage to his opponents why did that
happen how did that develop that was one
of the things that we were sort of
interested in figuring out and in my
reporting what I found when I was
talking to people was that there were
actual stories that were sent prior to
publication over to Michael Cohen with
the express purpose of making sure that
they were okay with him does this is
this because we heard so much here in
New York Donald Trump and gossip
columnist in New York City it's like the
similar a similar thing where Trump the
celebrity Trump The Apprentice star has
a relationship with the celebrity
tabloid and that just folds into the
campaign is that kind of what happened
to you well I think that that's one way
to think about it right it's totally
acceptable for a celebrity or a reality
star or someone who is a you know in New
York real estate developer to make lots
of calls to gossip columnist sand and
want to be a source for lots of
information the rules change a little
bit when you are a candidate you still
can talk to as many publications as you
want you can suggest stories you can I
mean that there's nothing about that
that's problematic the issue becomes one
and this is sort of what the
investigators are looking at is is the
National Enquirer sort of an extension
of it is a part of a campaign apparatus
is there a level of control that this
politician or his campaign might have
over this publication in John let's talk
about the impact if there is any I'm
curious what you make of it because what
these store that use the Ted Cruz one as
an example the National Inquirer puts it
out there in Donald Trump's able to get
up there on TV or at rallies and say hey
did you see this I've read this people
are talking about this story it's out
there
and you could say hey the National
Enquirer is credible it gave him an
excuse to talk about this in public do
you think things like that
ended up having an impact on the
election they might have had a minimal
impact on the primaries I don't know
what impact they they had on the
election the idea that the National
Enquirer is beholden to the rules of
proper journalistic conduct is a little
preposterous that as a publication that
has for 50 years done nothing but
violate every journalistic rule in the
PlayBook and you know so the notion that
it it it did not hold itself to a proper
standard of you know of mainstream
conduct is something that I think
everybody understood during 2016 who was
paying attention I think more
interestingly is what the relationship
between Trump and the Enquirer shows in
larger picture about how he got elected
Trump began his political life in this
modern frame around 2010-2011 with at
the tutelage of his consul iary
Roger stone who introduced him to art
Bell and and Alex Jones of Infowars and
he was deep involved with deep into the
World Wrestling Federation into talk
radio all over the country and what we
might call end and The Enquirer what we
might call a kind of proletarian media
that was almost entirely invisible to
the mainstream media types like us and
by the time he began running for office
you know in 2015 he had built up a very
large following among people who are who
have gone totally ignored in the
electoral process and I think
jump-started his way into the lead in
the Republican primaries precisely
because he had been so carefully
cultivating that world in that audience
that we paid no attention to I think
that's a fascinating point because right
the average National Enquirer cover
story does not make its way on to MSNBC
or CNN New York Times any of these
places and yet there every
we every day of the week millions of
Americans at the checkout line in the
supermarket are at least seeing the
cover maybe picking it up maybe buying
it who knows there is an exposure there
you might not see is through the
coverage and it leads to another
question - which is you look at Donald
Trump in just his history in New York
the stuff that's been reported the stuff
that he's bragged about in some cases
and you say this is a guy who would be
rich fodder for a tabloid like the
National Enquirer and yet in 2016 that's
not necessarily how the coverage or read
no not indeed not I mean this you know
in terms of the small tragedy that the
National Enquirer is passing up a very
rich topic um they certainly are doing
that with the Trump family and Donald
Trump he would be you'd be a perfect
sort of person to be covering I do think
the the notion that this is a part of
the world that MSNBC doesn't pay any
attention to the Washington Post doesn't
really pay attention to that it can pass
sort of unnoticed and yet it's
everywhere in parts of the country where
people are developing their impressions
as they and they say I don't know I mean
Hillary Clinton this it just seems like
her health isn't that great or Ben
Carson I've just heard he's not that
good a surgeon or these kinds of things
that where'd you hear that I don't know
I do think there is a level I mean we
sort of scoff at the National Enquirer
but I do think there is this it's a way
of putting something into the ether hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
