we begin this morning with growing
confusion following president Trump's
executive order to stop separating
migrant children from their parents at
the border there are several new
complications this morning and I have an
incredible heat team here this morning
to break down all of the latest
developments but first I want to get you
caught up on several key developments
that are unfolding right now the Trump
administration is providing conflicting
messages again and no clear solutions to
reunite more than 2,300 migrant children
with their parents that is because the
executive order of the President signed
on Wednesday to stop the separations is
absolutely silent on how to reunify
those families and Health and Human
Services spokesperson tells NBC News
reunification is quote always the
ultimate goal they did not say it would
necessarily be with the parents if it's
not with the parents who are they being
reunified with
instead it could be with a relative or
an appropriate sponsor but some good
news this morning a DHS official
confirms to NBC News that about 500 of
the separated children have been
reunited with their families since May
and one of those reunions took place
just a few hours ago I want you to look
at this this mother from Guatemala was
reunited with her seven-year-old son at
the Baltimore Airport after she sued the
federal government her son was taken
from her on May 21st when the two were
detained by Border Patrol agents after
crossing the border in Arizona the pair
will now travel to Texas where they will
remain until the courts make a ruling on
their asylum claim look at those two
that is beautiful at the same time the
Justice Department is now asking a
federal judge to let the government
detain migrant families for longer
periods so children can remain with
their parents currently kids can only be
held for twenty days before being moved
to an appropriate facility for minors
the New York Times reports the
government is preparing as many as 20
thousand beds on for US military bases
in Texas and Arkansas to shelter
unaccompanied migrant children but it is
unclear if the facilities would also
house the parents of the children in
migrant families that have also been
detained in the meanwhile Attorney
General Jeff Sessions pulling and
about-face otherwise known as changing
his tune remember he was the
administration official who announced
the zero tolerance policy which
specifically separates parents and
children listen to what he said - if you
are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as required by law he
even used the Bible to justify the
policy but listen to what he said last
night on a Christian Broadcasting
Network it hasn't been good man the
American people don't like the idea that
we're separating families we never
really intended to do that what we
intended to do was to make sure that
adults who bring children into the
country are charged with the crime
they've committed instead of giving that
special group of adults immunity from
prosecution which is what in effect we
were doing so I think it's the right
thing we'll work our way through it and
try to do it in the most compassionate
way possible and controversy is swirling
around First Lady Melania Trump after
her unannounced trip to Texas on
Thursday where she got a first-hand look
at the crisis playing out at the border
critics are blasting the green jacket
she wore with this message written
across the back quote I really don't
care do you
her spokesperson said in a statement
quote it's a jacket there was no hidden
message after today's important visit to
Texas I hope the media isn't going to
choose to focus on her wardrobe but
here's the thing I wasn't focusing on a
wardrobe at that moment but guess who
was the president president Trump said
on Twitter quote the jacket refers to
the fake news media Melania has learned
how dishonest they are and she truly no
longer cares so right there
president Trump undermined for a first
lady Melania Trump spokesperson who said
don't pay attention to the jacket it
means nothing and Trump said it
absolutely does mean something she can't
stand you the media and I just asked the
question if there's one message to have
because I was there this week down there
in Texas that message is let's help the
children
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching Emma
BC on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
