we have to come up with a solution I
would consider it
whether it's North Korea whether it's so
many other things we have a lot of
things look I've been giving a given a
very tough hand because I came up here
we had an economy that was going down we
had a an Iran problem we had a Middle
East problem take a look at what was
going on in the Middle East a lot better
than our year a lot smoother right now
than anything you heard over the last
eight years but we were given a lot of
bad cards one of the bad cards we give
her this immigration mess and it was
made worse by all of the different
contradicting and they're contradicting
laws that have been passed hmm
Joe don't know where to start actually
but let me just tick it off as quickly
as I can
first of all on the issue of the day
immigration we've said it
in fact we said it during the campaign
said they've all made absolutely no
sense because actually in the last two
or three years of the Obama
administration there was actually a net
negative flow into the United States and
more immigrants going back into Mexico
in part because their economy is
strengthening in part because of NAFTA
you can talk about our economy we had a
seven year recovery the last seven years
of Barack Obama's presidency we had a
recovery an economic recovery that has
continued and let's all be grateful for
that
as far as Iran goes we're in a worse
situation now I was against the Iran
deal but you know the fact is right now
that it's just the Iranians and the
Europeans now that are working together
and we're pushed to the side so we have
effectively negotiated our way out of
any relevance in the future of Iran's
nuclear program if Donald Trump thinks
running away from a problem is the
correct answer so be it
and you know I had so many foreign
policy people predicted me then at some
point Donald Trump will turn on North
Korea because North Korea got what it
wanted you build up
to a summit where the North Koreans are
actually sitting with the president the
United States because that sort of
credibility is all they ever wanted
Donald Trump gave it to them right out
of the gate so if that success then
Donald Trump is certainly grading
himself on an extraordinarily low curve
and again most importantly the economy
has been getting better for seven years
it's been getting better on a straight
line and you know mica also as we say
again this immigration crisis that
Donald Trump talks about it's made up ya
know and you really it does impact this
human humanitarian crisis let alone an
immigration crisis it does impact our
national security as well our standing
in the world as we go to final thoughts
to end this week this president has
created a negative news cycle that he
cannot erase or turn over in a tweet a
lie or with the use of a stooge he can
try it won't work because this is much
bigger than him this won't take weeks or
months to rectify if only this is going
to be a lifetime of pain for thousands
of children and it will go down in the
records of history but he was the
president who put out this cruel humane
inhumane and deranged policy that
traumatized children and this is not one
that he can turn over in a tweet or
deflect with a crazy statement or have
someone step up and live for him you see
the Attorney General the United States
lying actually lying even though
everybody has tape of him saying exactly
the opposite you can get your Stooges to
lie for you
but this negative news cycle is not
turning over in a tweet or a lie John
Hillman final thoughts I think there is
a to go back to Jacob Suvarov and Joe
Scarborough at this moment there's no
more urgent thing in the country urgent
than the plight of these kids and the
future kids are gonna be putting these
facilities it is essential that the
press be give it access to these
facilities we must get in I don't like
and I and I believe that Jacob is right
we
we should not be broadcasting the
propaganda video in the propaganda
pictures and we need to band together as
a profession hey whatever we can to
demand access to these facilities so we
can shoot them with our cameras news
executives should get together today and
band together all right
just a mere Veda the children is
obviously paramount but the politics
here despite what the president says
this morning in a tweet that he's they
should have Republicans should abandon
the idea of an immigration fix this is
not something that he's going to let go
and in fact this allows him to perhaps
even continue to incorrectly but blame
Democrats for the lack of progress and
he'll continue to use his incendiary
rhetoric on the issue going we need to
rebrand the midterm elections it is for
the soul of America
you're either voting for ripping
children's out of people's hands or
you're not it's on us so we'll end the
show Joe quoting Melania Trump she wants
to know how the children are doing and
how they're being reunited with their
families we the media want to know where
the children are we want to see them we
want to see the babies we want to know
what is happening and that does it for
us this morning Stephanie ruhle picks up
the coverage right now thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
