on the first day of President Trump's
new policy of not separating children
from their parents at the southern
border chaos reigned in the federal
government where the various departments
involved seemed to have no idea what to
do next one US Attorney's Office in the
Western District of Texas first
announced that it would dismiss some
criminal cases for parents who had been
separated from a child but then hours
later they said upon further
consideration this office is retracting
the information provided in an earlier
and an email earlier today and then they
actually came up with another
announcement modifying that announcement
later we'll tell you about that one
later that one's much more complicated
and into all about chaos in a secretly
planned unannounced trip to the southern
border came the First Lady of the United
States it was a trip like no other by a
first lady in a humanitarian crisis like
this for a few reasons it now includes
a fashion controversy that some people
including her husband are trying to turn
into a political controversy and this
trip revealed less useful information
than any trip by any other first lady
would have in a situation like this the
first lady's trip was cut short quite
understandably by the way by the
pounding rains that have created some
flooding conditions in the area in some
of the places that prevented her from
seeing the most important facility that
she was scheduled to see the one that
really mattered the one that is the
largest border patrol processing center
in the country that really was the
important thing for her to see and that
but because she couldn't that meant that
her visit turned out to be limited to
one of these smallest facilities that is
dealing with this crisis population of
children it is a lutheran run facility
that incarcerate sone Li 55 children
ages 12 to 17 the only part of her visit
there that was televised was her
discussion with the staff of the
facility where she asked just a few
questions like this one
those children how many times they speak
with their relatives or families per
week for example and she heard glowing
reports of life in incarceration for
these teenagers not from the teenagers
this is their you know they didn't it's
you know I refer to these as shelters
but it is really this is their house the
first lady boarded her flight to Texas
wearing a $39 jacket the least expensive
garment she has ever been seen wearing
and she had to know that millions of
people were gonna be wondering what she
was trying to communicate with the words
written on her back which were I really
don't care do you
she's never been seen wearing a $39
anything she's never been seen wearing
clothes with dialogue a statement and a
question and on a day designed to show
how much she cares well the internet got
pretty excited about it and after hours
of online excitement and for some people
outraged that she would have a jacket
saying I don't care when she was on her
way to Texas to show how much she cares
when her plane landed back at Andrews
Air Force Base first lady very
deliberately put that jacket back on
again now they have access to the
Internet on the first lady's flight they
knew that this had become the most
controversial garment any first lady in
history had ever worn in the last couple
of hours and the first lady still put it
on again and at the end of the day the
first lady's offer
office issued a statement for her about
her day which did not include anything
about her jacket the only thing she said
about the children in her statement was
quote the children were eager to learn
and were kind
and in good spirits that's it that's the
totality of the first lady's report on
the children she met today needless to
say the president could not resist
commenting on the first lady's jacket he
tweeted I really don't care do you
written on the back of milania's jacket
refers to the fake news media Melania
has learned how dishonest they are and
she truly no longer cares exclamation
point well okay Donald Trump's
definition of the fake news media
certainly includes me he has attacked me
for years on Twitter but here's
something to think about in the first
lady's tell the first families
television viewing patterns we know that
the president doesn't just watch fox
news he takes direction from Fox News he
gets ideas from Fox News and no one on
fox news ever suggested that Melania
Trump should go to the border no one on
Fox urged Melania Trump to go to the
border so we know Donald Trump didn't
get the idea from Fox if it was his idea
and we know Melania Trump did not get
the idea to go to the border from Fox
News if it was her idea so where did she
get the idea who who in the Trump White
House or the Trump family has ever
exhibited the sensitivity to realize
that this was a First Lady moment that
this is what the first lady should do if
it was Melania Trump's idea as I said
she sure didn't get it from Fox News but
here's an MSNBC moment from Monday night
and so we are at another possible
First Lady moment a moment where the
first lady can actually do something
that none of the rest of us can in the
jails that Donald Trump is now running
on the southern border for children and
toddlers and babies the rules say that
none of the people working there can
touch the children Melania Trump can
give one of those untouchable little
girls the warmth she deserves the high
she deserves from one immigrant to
another now I said that again on Tuesday
night when I was doing our coverage from
Brownsville Texas so I just have to
wonder is it possible that while the
president is taking dictation from Fox
News the first lady is in another room
somewhere watching another news channel
and getting ideas of her own thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
