EPA Administrator Scott Pruett has been
embroiled in non-stop scandals for
months and one of the earliest and
biggest scandals was his enormous
spending on security for himself
you see Pruett spent roughly 3.5 million
dollars in public money on his personal
security detail during his first year in
office which includes at least 20 people
who protect the administrator
round-the-clock which is as far as we
can tell
totally unprecedented for this position
so when you see a headline like this
Scott Pruett spent over fifteen hundred
dollars in taxpayer money unquote
tactical pants so why is scott pruett
lover of discount masters and specialty
lotions spending $1500 on tactical pants
let's think - in 60 seconds
Scott Pruett who is displayed on logs
still employed as administrator to the
EPA has a list of scandals a mile long
and the latest sure sounds like a doozy
Scott Pruett spent over 1500 dollars in
taxpayer money on tactical pants not
just any old pants special pants
tactical pants
what are tactical pants the internet had
some ideas maybe they're like these
chuck norris action jeans or in only
1995 and all the karate kicks you can
handle or is one Twitter user suggested
maybe you need tactical pants to sleep
on a used trunk mattress gross but the
truth of the matter is it was 40 pairs
of pants at about 40 bucks a pair and
those pants were for the EPA's Criminal
Investigative Division and protective
security detail agents - proper attire
for search warrants arrests disaster
responses and training according to a
statement for the agency so in the end
it appears at least like they were
actually sensible attacked from the
pants with a sensible explanation
our old friend mattress lotion scott has
yet to explain a lot of other things
like the $43,000 soundproof phone booth
or the $50 a night apartment or the
1,500 bucks for a dozen pens and the
chick-fil-a deal for his wife or the
used Trump Hotel mattress or the Ritz
Carlton lotion
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
