do you believe your father's accusers I
think it's a pretty inappropriate
question to ask a daughter if she
believes the accusers of her father when
he is affirmative Lee stated that
there's no truth to it I don't think
that's a question you would ask many
other daughters but Ivanka Trump is a
senior White House adviser she's also
the first daughter and depending on the
situation of the day she's made clear
that she thinks she can jump from one to
the other
take this past week the self-proclaimed
force for good in the administration
didn't comment on her father's policy of
separating families at the border until
after the President signed the executive
order stopping it here's her tweet Thank
You POTUS for taking critical action
ending family separation at our border
Congress must now act and find lasting
solution that is consistent with our own
shared values the same values that so
many come here seeking as they endeavor
to create a better life for their
families joining us at the table is
Emily Jane Fox senior reporter for
Vanity Fair and MSNBC contributor an
author of a brand new book out this week
born Trump inside America's first family
buy it read it love it tell us what
Ivanka is up to you know I was asking
around this week saying why is she being
silent on this issue these are people
who advise her on these kinds of things
whose advice she seeks out and they said
to me she came to us over the weekend
early this week and said should I say
something and they all were like how
could you not say something of course
you just say it's me this is the the
biggest no-brainer of all time and yet
she stayed silent and the only
explanation I can give you is what I
reported in the book and she had just
has this twisted relationship with her
father where she will never really speak
up against him and we've only seen her
do it one time in the entire time she's
been in the White House and even
throughout the campaign and it was with
Roy Moore and he was furious with her
after that and it seems to me that her
father's reaction to her is more
important than the advocacy that she
would came to Washington to do and that
she's been spending the last year
without doing I want to ask you I want
to press you a little bit on the idea of
her brand
totally get what that means but she does
and she's got this Instagram page and
her brand always seems to feature
pictures of her as a mother of her
speaking about women's empowerment
how does she as the steward of her own
brand match up being complicit or silent
to a policy that literally tour infants
from their mother's arms well there's a
unique trait that some people in the
Trump family have where they kind of
color their own reality and then intend
to believe it so this is something that
the president has where he says
something enough times and then actually
believes that even though it's not true
and I think that sometimes Ivanka Trump
has the same syndrome where she says I'm
an advocate I'm an advocate I'm an
advocate even though there's no instance
where she's actually been an effective
advocate in the White House and so she
believes it but there was a few weeks
ago she posted a photo with her young
son it was a beautiful photograph but it
happened to me the exact same time that
everything in the border was starting to
happen and she caught a lot of heat for
that and people around her I asked like
doesn't she know by now not post that
kind of photo and they were like you
know she just wasn't aware of what was
going on with the policy she wasn't
caught up on it yeah and she feels
really badly which is the same idea all
over television I mean I mean this is
what happens she has this spin machine
and ability to try and try and duck and
weave and and this week she has not been
able to duck and leave away with it it's
time to draw a box around the idea of
her as an adviser to the president she
has no policy experience and no
experience in government she's her
father's daughter her experiences in
selling real estate and handbags so she
has no authority she can draw on as a
policy expert her power is entirely
depend on the power her father gives her
and if he chooses not to listen that's
it that's again she would be an offset
to him on policy was always a weird
fantasy of New York elites it was never
going to be true it was never gonna
happen
so Ivanka Trump gets to enjoy the power
and prestige of a White House staff
position a high-ranking White House
staff position yeah we have absolutely
no idea what she does every day over the
course of reporting your book do you
have a clear sense what's her schedule
every day what kind of
meetings she attend who are the what
kind of policy outreach does she have to
know at agencies about women and
children what does she actually do I
would say that she believes her chief
accomplishment in in her time in the
White House has been getting the child
care tax credit in the tax reform bill
she spends time going to Capitol Hill
she talks about after school after
school sports there's a narrow set of
issues that she cares about that she has
made some inroads into but when it comes
to these big issues the thing that
everyone around her thought she was
going to make but you know it did be
able to influence her father on it's
failed every single time and it's left a
lot of people disappointed you get some
new reported any vodka yeah that's right
I mean it's it's this it is that
consistent silence that you know she
didn't speak up after Charlottesville
she didn't do this yes she didn't call
some lawmakers in recent days to try to
come up with stood on this issue saying
this is something bad yes she did talk
to her father but her voice seems to
carry no more weight than other any
other senior adviser and perhaps she
could have changed that were she to
speak out publicly but she didn't she
kept her silence only only decided to
post on Twitter after his over for some
sort of absurd victory lap thank you her
father for ending a policy that he's the
one who would force in the first place
and created this crisis and it's you
know she is less of a target of some of
the others in the West Wing that she
used to be since the Steve Bannon
faction has moved out but there are
plenty of people who work in that
building who wonder the chief of staff
is one of them what Ivanka Trump does
every day he wonders that about Jared
Kushner as well I want to put up an
excerpt from the book born Trump inside
America's first family Ivanka was a pre
team and she saw her media obsessed
father leave her her mother and her
brothers for Marla and witness how he
lit up or blew up depending on how the
press depicted him I mean if there's a
through-line to Donald Trump you you
just got it right there then you go on
she carried the burden of wondering if
her father would leave again her love
her still and knew full well that one
way to endear her to him forever was for
him to read about her in the paper
particularly if she could make him money
while getting her name imprint at the
same time I I'm speechless
is a whole chapter in my book about how
the way in which Donald and Ivanka are
the most similar are the ways that they
try to manipulate the media and part of
the reason that is so important to
Ivanka is because she knows that is the
calling card and the ultimate prize and
her father's eyes that's why she's the
favorite and it is something that when
we question why she doesn't speak out
that is the answer it's just it but what
about sort of this pathology of thinking
wondering if her father would leave
again or love her still and the only way
she could secure that was to have him
read about her in the newspaper well the
reality was when when her father left
for another woman she would ask her
mother am I still going to be Ivanka
Trump as Trump going to be my last name
she would call him over and over and
over again more than when he lived in
the apartment because she was worried
that he was going to abandon them and so
she knew and this is someone when she
went to boarding school her father would
send her press clippings about himself
or about her she knew how important that
was all of the kids know how important
that is to President Trump and so that
is one sure way to endear her father
turn hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
