we have another very serious story
recovering speculation is growing about
the fate of Saudi journalist Jamal
khashoggi after he walked into the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul and seemingly
walked off the face of the earth his
columns for the Washington Post were a
sometimes biting a critique of the Saudi
government and especially the crown
prince
quote Saudi Arabia wasn't always this
repressive now it's unbearable Saudi
Arabia's crown prince wants to crush
extremists but he is punishing the wrong
people Saudi Arabia's crown prince is
acting like Putin Saudi Arabia is
creating a total mess in Lebanon Saudi
Arabia's Crown Prince already controlled
the nation's media now he's squeezing it
even further
and here's another Saudi Arabia's Crown
Prince must restore dignity to his
country by ending Yemen's cruel war
those are just a few of the things that
he's written that doesn't believe it or
not that doesn't even put him into the
ranks of the most critical people of
crowd Saudi Arabia where he wrote what
Saudi Arabia can learn from Black
Panther this spring the article ended
asking will Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman who likely will soon become the
king of his kind of trunk tree use his
power to bring peace to the world around
him but now his columns they're gone
after this final image of him walking
into the Saudi consulate the final
Washington Post bearing his name that
was this blank page where his column
would have appeared all right we're
gonna take a quick look into Saudi
Arabia's record on human rights and
press freedoms please pay close
attention to this because this is a very
boiled down look but it's important
let's start with women's rights the
crown prince has made a public show of
allowing some women to drive though a
man must still be in the car and women
can attend sports events both hailed as
huge victories but its equivalent of a
paralyzed person being able to wiggle
their toes it's a start it's not all
that much women are still held under
male guardianship where a man usually a
father or husband approves a woman's
school enrolment chaperone sir if she
studies abroad companies customarily
check with the male guardian if a woman
wants to work outside the home and the
guardian controls a woman's
to open a bank account or sign the lease
in the courts a woman's woman's
testimony carries less weight than a
man's and a woman can be arrested for
not listening to their guardian and
that's just that's just one issue that's
just on the issue of women with Saudi
criminal justice people can be arrested
for vague undefined crimes because
there's largely no penal code the
country relies on Sharia but it's
interpreted by authorities freedom of
speech is severely curtailed a Saudi
blogger was sentenced to a thousand
lashes for running a website advocating
free speech in the country and others
have been sentenced to prison for
protesting and working with
international human rights organizations
the kingdom also holds close ties to
Wahhabism a denomination of Sunni Islam
that is considered ultra conservative
and which forms much of the underpinning
of the ideology that groups like Isis
use Isis hate again Ali
yeah 9/11 victims by the way have long
tried to sue the Saudi government for
alleged knowledge or involvement in the
attacks on the Pentagon and the World
Trade Center allegations that the Saudis
deny but the United States has not
allowed to happen now this is probably
where the rubber hits the road right now
the us-saudi relationship it's a
feedback please turn up the volume for
this yeah all right so so the issue is
the United States sells the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia defense products the United
States buys oil in return just last year
the Trump administration signed a
billion dollar deal to sell missiles and
other equipment to the Saudis the United
States over that time has imported an
average of eight hundred and ten
thousand barrels of oil per day this
year okay so current prices those
imports are worth more than ten billion
dollars that's the stunning thing ally
Saudi Arabia the crown prince the royal
family behave not necessarily like this
about this specific journalists every
day but the atrocities we're talking
about our common place and you see that
business relationship that's why we all
money with it we're both both countries
make a lot off of each other so we are
not critical of Saudi Arabia and as
we'll discuss later of many other
countries that do these sorts of things
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
