I went down to the border today seemed
to have a seem to have been
well-received I was reminded of her
first interview after the Access
Hollywood tape came out and how she's
been deployed at some of Donald Trump's
lowest moments let's watch let's watch
her trying to clean that one up as you
can see from the tape the cameras were
not on it was only a mic and I wonder if
they even knew that the mic was on
because they they were kind of a boy
talk and he was lead on like a gan from
the host to say dirty and bad stuff so I
think indisputably that was the lowest
moment of his campaign I think beyond
dispute this is one of the lowest
moments of his presidency and once again
Melania bailing him out when the
trumpian move of deflecting it's never
their fault they're never the ones
accountable for mr. I alone can fix it
at the RNC convention he doesn't have
any control over the policies that his
administration implements it's
Congress's fault it's President Obama's
fault and you look at Melania Trump who
took this trip today
and I actually was heartened by it she
though it seemed genuine it seemed
caring she was saying the right things
and then I just I'm gonna be honest I
don't know what to make of the jacket
message it was very off message as a
picture the picture of her jacket from
Zara I don't care in white lettering on
the back of the green kind of cargo
jacket she didn't actually wear it among
the children but she wore it boarding
the plane and this isn't her first rodeo
of heading to a crisis zone and being
critiqued for her clothing like when she
wore the high heels across the lawn
getting a slice over anything in the car
this is a picture of Melania Trump
boarding Air Force One to head down to
McAllen Texas to visit some of the
children being held in detention center
she's wearing a green jacket we believe
that came from the clothing store Zara
and on the back it's written in white I
really don't care do
you it's on the back of her jacket Nick
look the first lady's spokesman has said
it was not meant as a statement I choose
to believe it was not a statement just a
jacket she's a model I mean she sort of
knows the power of clothes but but the
important thing is it does speak to the
layers of theater this presidency is
always wrapped in and deploys and one
thing they're very good at this is
probably conspiratorial but is a split
screen presidency there's like four or
five different presidencies for
different audiences and one presidency
is the version we saw at that rally and
the other is the first lady making nice
at the border and maybe the third
message is also her wearing the jacket
on the way to the border we're all kind
of obsessed with it for good reason and
they narrowcast these messages to
different audiences it's an interesting
very and I don't think it's
conspiratorial I mean anyone that has
you know their kids can't wear t-shirts
with writing on them for certain reasons
because everything is saying something
and I wonder what you make of Melania
Trump again getting sent in to do
cleanup being well received and I think
being genuine there I don't have any
doubt that that she was there as a human
being but but but the fact that she has
throughout so many of these crises put
up messages that seem to stand in such
stark contrast to her husband's we found
her tweet after charlottesville she said
our country encourages freedom of speech
but let's communicate without hate in
our hearts no good comes from violence
hashtag Charlottesville she was welcomed
warmly welcomed at Barbara Bush's
funeral there's a picture of her
standing next to former presidents who I
don't think it's any secret don't think
much of Donald Trump not one of the
three former presidents who were there
voted for Donald Trump so what do you
make of Melania is sort of rogue but not
rogue existence it's also striking that
we see her today and the jacket does of
course confuse matters as we've seen so
little of her recently after that
surgery if she disappeared off the map
for well more than a month I believe and
then she has slowly reentered the public
the public sphere in the last week or
two but she does play a role she is
still remains pretty popular her poll
numbers are pretty good certainly higher
than her husband's and she has been used
at times to sort of to try to change the
subject
give a sort of softer edge to Donald
Trump's very blood short sharp sense
what's also striking though is you know
whatever behind-the-scenes role she is
played here on this decision now you
know she of Court did tweet a few days
ago the idea that that the some of the
she was upset by these images of the
parents and children being separated
it's also spotlight as we cast on Ivanka
Trump who of course has made her
portfolio in the White House she built
herself as a force for good in this
administration in the West Wing and of
the particular focus on parents and
children but she was silent throughout
this crisis and obviously it is hard for
a White House adviser and she's paid
staff she's not just the first daughter
she's paid staff to publicly disagree
with the president that said they also
perhaps speaks to the limits or
influence that this could have happened
all along particularly on an issue that
she says she is so passionate about and
that we only hear from her publicly
after it's resolved and the limits of
her influence are laid bare in the
president's decision on the Paris
climate Accord her tweets after I mean
Ivanka Trump tell me a debate where
she's prevailed write very few in any
it's also this Washington cliche that
every time there's a there is a
momentous thing suddenly the Friends of
Ivanka the anonymous aides the White
House officials
you know people familiar with their
thinking sort of press you'll go to the
press and say well she tried her best
behind the scenes she lobbied she may
have been successful she may not have
been but she always did and that is
something that you know and eventually
it's proved is in the pudding and it
seems like there's very little influence
she actually does wield hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
