let me bring in a Democrat who has no
problem with a partisan issue
Terry Makapuu may well be playing a role
in keeping Trump the one-term governor
tell me about this view I mean is tell
me the politics you're a politician as
well why did Trump wait til the day play
his cards to the end say he couldn't
change this policy tonight it was his
policy and then flip late this afternoon
what's it all about well first he
created the mess and he actually he
thought it was working for him and he
doubled down yesterday and I think with
the pictures coming out in the uproar
all over the country I think he realized
that once again he had taken us down the
low road he has done this time and time
again you know I was hopeful after he
got elected that when he took the oath
of office and I served as chair of the
National Governors Association all the
governors we thought that he would rise
the occasion to be president 'days but
he hasn't he has continuously taken the
low road in what he has done in the
situation with the children is appalling
not only in America but Chris all over
the world they are looking at the United
States of America the greatest nation on
earth the beacon of democracy the beacon
of morality and what he has done is
question people's thoughts about how
they think about America and for the
people who follow us and for people who
do things we don't like around the world
they look to what America is doing now
and I'm afraid of what their behavior
will be going forward this man has taken
America in the wrong direction he is a
walking nightmare
he is erratic he did it in
Charlottesville when we had neo-nazis
and all right and white supremists come
to Virginia he had an opportunity to
stand up and morally do the right thing
he did he took the low road he said it
was both sides fault it wasn't 32
year-old Heather hire who lost her life
that day she was protesting against
hatred so I think he realized that he
had no one left his wife wasn't with him
anymore
people around the country weren't with
him people around the world with him and
he figured he better just cut his losses
but this will be a dark moment in
America's history to put these children
in steel cages like internment camps is
something people will never forget and
it was Donald J Trump
it was his policy he has hurt this
country around the globe well this this
remain in the minds of people from with
one thing governor that the
minute-by-minute changes in public focus
is something that Trump has been able to
exploit the change of mine the change of
topic
will this stay in the minds and hearts
of people months from now I think this
is something that is burned in the minds
of Americans this was something so
abhorrent that nobody could actually
believe it when the tape came out with
the children
crying for their mother that is
something that people will remember
forever
it is hurt America and the prestige and
the moral leader that we are so this is
going to be well into the elections but
put the politics aside for a second
Chris this is about America and what
this man has done to America when he has
done to the g7 to our allies in the EU
who are allies in Canada and into Mexico
he has created chaos in the world the
only person looking back satisfied today
is Vladimir Putin who's got to be
sitting back laughing of all the actions
he took to disrupt the 2016 election and
he's say to himself
boy look what I caused in the United
States of America United Elizabeth
Warren won yesterday the Senate for
Massachusetts I had to run for a reason
the reason I've always wanted on it's
because I think she's one of the
nominees possible nominees of the
Democratic Party in 2020 I think you're
a possible nominee do you think this is
going to make it more likely for people
to take the moral plunge against Trump
this incident I think it has outraged so
many people and I think the one thing is
you saw today the polls if the Pew
Research came out today voter interest
is up the highest level we have had in
20 years I think what you're going to
see chris is a huge turnout in the
midterms as they go in and vote for the
House and the Senate in these 36
governor's races it's coming against
Donald Trump we have had it with his
antics we have had it with him getting
rid of all of America's allies around
the globe we want a president literally
who unifies people who works together
you can work on both sides for the
common good of jobs on infrastructure
look what he's done the health care
premiums are up all over the country
he's tried to roll back the ACA people
are feeling that at home they're paying
higher premiums today they're stuck in
traffic infrastructure isn't working
President Trump has taken America down
the wrong road and I do think you're
going to see a lot of people step up to
the plate rightfully so and they should
Trump strong supporters have shown
degree of callousness that threatens to
alienate moderates in their own party
just last night Trump's former campaign
chairman mocked a Democratic strategist
for showing concern for a separated
ten-year-old girl with Down syndrome
let's watch this scene I mean look I
read today about a ten-year-old girl
with Down syndrome who was taken from
her mother and put in a cage I read
about a a they just they won't want to a
ten-year-old with Down syndrome will you
care you sir
speaker mr. speaker what do you make it
at this what's the right word
callousness of the Republicans defending
the president the point of making front
of a kid with Down's syndrome who's been
separated from his parents I mean that's
a colossal tragedy to treat a kid who
has you know challenges to begin with
and then separate him from the parents
he needs now there's no doubt it was a
cruel and horrifying policy and it
didn't work good news is in all of this
that the American people rose up and
express themselves Laura Bush was clear
and eloquent all of the former first
ladies in the and the current first lady
business leaders faith leaders and
millions of Americans spoke up so the
system really did work today or this
week and that's a that's a good lesson I
hope well I love the fact that you are
out there I hope you run for office
again because we've heard too many
outspoken Republicans are on their way
out the door I like Republicans that are
still running for office having to say
something about trumpets hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
