amid a full-scale public relations
crisis over its policy of forcibly
separating children from their parents
Donald Trump today reverse course
signing a new executive order ending
that policy in just the last hour we're
signing an executive order I consider to
be a very important executive order it's
about keeping families together while at
the same time being sure that we have a
very powerful very strong border and
border security will be equal if not
greater than previously so we're going
to have strong very strong borders but
we're going to keep the families
together I didn't like the site or the
feeling of families being separated is a
problem that's gone on for many years as
you know through many administrations
and we're working very hard on
immigration it's been just left out in
the call Ivanka feels very strongly my
wife feels very strongly about it I feel
very strongly about it
I think anybody with a heart would feel
very strongly about it we don't like to
see families separated at the same time
we don't want people coming into our
country illegally this takes care of the
problem
Trump halting a policy that he defended
as recently as this morning and that
aides confirm he still believes in only
after a congressional revolt on Capitol
Hill that included dozens of Republicans
threats of boycotts from companies that
do business with the federal government
and withering criticism from even some
of the friendliest proton voices in the
media the announcement came 14 and a
half hours after the Associated Press
broke the news that the Trump
administration has set up at least three
tender-age shelters where it can lock up
babies and other young children doctors
and lawyers who visited those shelters
said the children were hysterical crying
and acting out many of them are under
the age of five and some are so young
they've not yet learned to talk locked
up sounds a lot like jail for babies let
that sink in the New York Times
reporting quote while mr. Trump's
actions appeared to stop short of calls
for an end to the zero tolerance policy
it would be a remarkable retreat for the
president who has steadfastly
refused to apologize in almost any other
context and it would be a testament to
the political power of the images of the
immigrant children to move public
opinion people close to the president
said he remains convinced that his
immigration policies are appropriate and
necessary but mr. Trump is said to be
increasingly frustrated by the criticism
he's getting and aware that he is boxed
in by the legal argument his
administration has made speaking of
boxes here's the one Trump put himself
in over the last couple of days we have
to get the Democrats to go ahead and
work with us I say it's very strongly
the Democrats fault all we need is good
legislation and we can have it taken
care of we can do this very quickly if
the Democrats come to the table here to
take us through the day's extraordinary
developments NBC's Jacob Soboroff is in
McAllen Texas
NBC's Cal Perry is in the border town of
torneo Texas near a so-called tent city
also NBC News chief White House
correspondent Hallie Jackson joins us
former US Attorney Joyce fance is here
and with us at the table John Heilemann
NBC News and MSNBC national affairs
analyst and Zerlina Maxwell director of
progressive programming for Sirius XM
Holly Jackson I'm struck by some of the
words of President use he talked about
not liking to see the images of those
families we know that the striking Syria
came after he saw the images of children
who were gassed multiple news
organizations have reported that the PDB
includes a lot of charts and graphs we
know this president processes
information visually but we also know
he's incredibly focused on negative
press what was the tipping point for the
president in this complete about-face
and it is a reversal Nicole let's not
call that anything else than what it is
for this president despite his
insistence that he will continue this
zero-tolerance policy which is a trigger
the higher rate of family separations in
the first place you mentioned two things
that I think have an interesting
intersection here visuals and negative
coverage this was the apex of both of
those things in large part for Donald
Trump not negative because the media was
trying to make it negative but negative
because the president's closest allies
on Capitol Hill people that have stood
up for him time and time and time again
as I've watched every day of this
raishin came out and said this is wrong
the White House needs to change it the
president was hearing those voices he
was seeing those pictures hearing that
audio and he was hearing I think
importantly Nicole from both Ivanka
Trump and Melania Trump now you
referenced the situation in Syria
remember who was also a voice then but
the president talked about his daughter
his senior advisor Vanka Trump at that
time of the the kids being gassed was
talking about how disturbing she found
those images now Ivanka Trump didn't
actually say that publicly she did not
come out and take a stand publicly in
opposition to this policy until after
the President signed that executive
order
unlike Melania Trump the first lady who
did but here's the bottom line of cold
the political pressure built so much it
became so intense along with the
personal pressure from the president's
family that ultimately he signed this a
oh now don't forget what happens in
three hours from now president goes to
Minnesota he's gonna stand in front of a
crowd of big supporters who are gonna be
cheering him on every step of the way I
imagine based on my coverage of this
president and during the campaign that
he is going to talk at length about the
executive order design he will cast it
as him being as he did today
compassionate and helping these families
because he didn't like us he said these
sights and feelings to use his words of
this and he's gonna say he didn't back
down as he said today is the prediction
based on our reporting again this is a
policy the president himself put in
place five days ago you played that clip
very quickly but it's worth highlighting
he said an executive action could not
fix this I was just up inside the West
Wing and I asked what if it wasn't what
changed what did you get a new legal
advice did you get any legal guidance
what happened and there was no no solid
answer on that one of course we're still
working to report out more there but it
is worth noting how quickly this all
happened Jacob Soboroff you've been
doing some of the most extraordinary
reporting anywhere and asking the
questions that we finally got one of the
answers to last night where the girls
were the babies last night just before
10:00 p.m. just before Rachel Maddow's
hour ended we got our answer the babies
are in three tender-age shelters for
babies can you talk about the ground
truth where you are
well here's the thing Nicole we know
where some of the babies are there are
the only three tender-age which is a
strange term but it's the only those are
the only three shelters of tender age
babies infants toddlers that we know
about they certainly aren't the only
ones and we know that there are a
hundred shelters run by HHS across the
entire country across 17 states and
we've been hearing reports today as
Chris Hayes was just mentioning in the
previous hour all the way up to New York
State where young children might be
located so there are 2,500 kids
dispersed throughout the United States
of America not just here in South Texas
including the same kind of toddlers that
I saw in that detention facility here in
McAllen and we don't know where they are
not only do we not know where they are
we don't know if they will ever be
reunited with their parents again
because according to a former ice
official who talked to Julia Ainsley
they could become essentially that
immigrant orphans those parents could
already be deported for all we know and
not have the resources to come back and
find those children so the sickening
images and feelings that many of us felt
over the course of the last week or so
haven't gone away and we should remember
that when we watch the signing ceremony
today I'm Jacob let me put up the video
we have some of that video but you're
referencing this is from New York one
video of children being brought to New
York I believe this was after midnight
last night so here here are some of the
girls and some of the children there you
go exactly let me ask you about this
sort of sense from the president that he
fixed this there are still thousands of
children as you just said who may never
be reunited with their parents what is
the process now even if the if the
practice stops there's still thousands
of children separated from their parents
who are on their way to deportation what
is the process what are people supposed
to do I was thinking it we can't always
keep track of people that we release
from Gitmo and they're terrorists so how
are we going to readers know parents
right
there is no process this has never been
done before there wasn't really an
official process when this
zero-tolerance policy was even in place
all there was was a piece of paper that
said call the 1-800 number and push one
for English and two for Spanish and
we're gonna connect you with somebody
who can hopefully
find your child at one of these shelters
once you get out of prison or ice
detention or whatever the case may be so
there's certainly no process for going
back in time and finding those kids that
are inside those shelters what I was
just thinking about what happens to the
kids today that have been separated from
their parents already and they're
sitting in the detention center here in
McAllen or one of the detention centers
across the country and they're caught in
this limbo between when the executive
order was signed and the policy stopped
and they're still in detention how do
you reunite with those children hey can
I go and Calipari let me bring you in on
that question and have you pick up the
thread and answer this these are people
who in the case of the asylum seekers
committed no crime at all they came to a
country that used to be a beacon for
freedom that used to accept people
coming to this country seeking asylum so
so the fact that they're being treated
in this manner that their children were
ripped from their arms and now they
stand a pretty serious risk of never
being reunited with their very young
children in some instances where do we
go from here and they and the kids are
alone we've seen two buses have come in
just in the past hour packed with kids
and and and here's the other thing the
other thing that I just can't shake is
that everyone is lying I mean the
president's lying the heads of the
agencies are lying I've been lied to by
the border officers here we've been
pushed around all day we were told our
crew is told Saturday night oh there's
nothing happening here
there's no tents here there's at least
18 tents there's at least 400 kids in
this wired compound behind me there's
not a plan really on how to feed them
how to get them water how to get them
ice I saw a party ice truck arrived last
night so the process is not in place as
Jacob is saying I mean the process is
just not there to handle the influx of
what we've seen because of the policy
that's been put in place this tent city
would not exist if the policy hadn't
changed on behalf of the president what
happens now and we talked about this a
little bit earlier in the day it's quite
possible that some of these kids whether
or not they're reunited with their
parents are going to end up on Air Force
bases across the south of this country
those are incredibly inhospitable places
and those are the last places that we
want to take someone who's just come to
this country and say welcome to America
welcome to Fort Bliss let me Cal you
mentioned people that have lie
let me show you some of those people
let's talk about that on the other side
I would say you to the Apostle Paul and
his clear and wise command in Romans 13
- Oh Baylor the government because God
is up Dane ordained the government for
his purposes
I can say that it is very biblical to
enforce the law that is actually
repeated a number of times throughout
the Bible the separation of a legal
family alien families is the product of
the same legal loopholes that Democrats
refuse to close and these laws are the
same that have been on the books for
over a decade and the president is
simply enforcing them Congress and the
courts created this problem in Congress
alone can fix it this administration did
not create a policy of separating
families at the border so Cal let's fact
check that together the separation of
illegal alien families is a product of
legal loopholes that Democrats refused
to close not true from Sarah Sanders
secretary Neilson Congress and the
courts created this system Congress
alone can fix it not true
Secretary Nelson also this
administration did not create a policy
of separating the families at the border
yes it did so can you talk about how all
these individuals were thrown under the
bus in some ways by the president going
out and doing exactly what they've
insisted for days they couldn't do and
many many more right a minimum age of
four years old to be separated from your
family and then we see pictures of
toddlers it's theater and the concern is
really I think for many people I'm sure
for yourself included the the it seems
to me that the president just wants to
move past the theater take Syria for
example those airstrikes really did prop
up Bashar al Assad they really did make
him the most powerful force in Syria and
they proved that as long as the Russians
are there the Americans can only do so
much it feels like this executive order
and again I will wait to see what it
really is
feels like the president's trying to
push push past the drama that is also
until it television saying that this is
unacceptable
you know I said this to you in an email
you know I come from covering these
things overseas where governments lie to
me all the time
and I just have to say you know being
here in assisting people like Jacob on
this story everyone is lying it's it's
crazy it's crazy Nicole
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
