michael steele diana ross Lightman
apparently called Trump the arsonist who
now wants to play fireman by signing the
executive order and she goes to quote
anything to boost his fragile ego what
do you make of this capitulation by the
president he doesn't look at it so much
as the capitulation is like having to
accommodate folks around him which is
why he's putting a lot of pressure back
on the Congress to clean up my mess and
all by the way you're going to get
blamed for it in the first place and in
the last place so you see the president
finally coming around and signing this
this this executive order but the
underlying fault line still runs itself
to his desk and that's something that
they're gonna have to deal with over the
succeeding weeks because this doesn't
end you already asked the important
question is it retroactive how do those
in the system currently get attended to
versus those who are coming in to the
sins party about to break on this one
like is the one that was gonna break it
was so you know I think common knowledge
in Washington is that congressional
Republicans have wanted to dump Donald
Trump for a long time but their base
wouldn't let them I think their base was
gonna let them you think the base was
gonna let them or everybody else not in
the pace well was giving him cover I
think even I mean there's certainly an
element of the problem in base that was
comfortable to Polynice Evan 28% we've
seen consistent right but there's still
a lot of Republicans who are based
Republicans who were horrified by this I
saw a Republican congressman tweet up
pictures of him taking calls from
constituents conservative district
calling to complain about this mark
meadows yes right now he flipped I
thought wow and so you know this was I
think a point where Republicans in
Congress because they had cover from
their districts we're gonna flip on the
president and that became glaringly
obvious to the White House Jon Meacham
officially the first guardrail that's
been erected yes and I think at the risk
of being seen as a Quisling I don't
think we can spend a week demanding that
something happened it basically happened
and then say well yeah what he was the
arsonist who you know so that's a the
president laid out a false dichotomy
there about the strength and weakness
always interested only speaks in terms
of strength and weakness not right and
wrong but but this is what this is
is supposed to do if if the government
gets something wrong we're supposed to
speak out we're supposed to talk about
it and we're supposed to let me put up
the poll numbers I mean it's early your
point here I mean it wasn't a close call
no matter how you ask the question CNN
67 28 disapproved Quinnipiac 66 27
disapproved CBS 67 17 disapprove we see
some consistency well there's two thirds
of the country but I think don't I think
I think to a point Sarah made though is
an important one and I think probably
that that small that base that number is
the one that started to change that's
where the shrinkage really began because
all those other Republicans were already
outraged the watch for those members of
Congress was how are those folks in the
district who have been card-carrying
hard-charging Trump errs from the very
beginning going to respond and when that
started to crack I think that touched
the White House and it touched the
Congress the challenge of course is that
the damage is done and the damage is
going to continue for weeks and months
because there's going to be tragic
stories unfortunately when you have
2,000 or 2,500 families some are gonna
be on tracks now there's gonna be press
coverage of this for months and it's
good that the White House reversed
course they needed to but politically
this was to me one of the darkest hours
of the Republican Party whit Ayers
I got a whit Ayers this is a tremendous
Washington Post piece that I want to
bring up here in a minute but whit Ayers
in it and let me put up the headline of
this Washington Post piece I blowtorch
to the tender stoking racial tensions is
a feature of trumps presidency by phil
rucker right now in the washington post'
but buried in here the last quote in
here you would appreciate this sarah
whit Ayers says Republican pollster in a
government by the people of the people
by the people and for the people it
helps to have a majority of the people
behind you when you're trying to do
things like this yeah and he didn't any
didn't and depending on the details of
the order we have made progress this
week our better angels have had a pretty
good day and I'm not saying we therefore
have a party for him but it seems to me
that reason requires us to acknowledge
that the political class of this country
just spent two weeks whatever it's been
obsessed with this and if in fact
because of what the president has done
to correct a mistake he made if these
troll
if it's really about these children if
they're gonna be back with their parents
then this is a good day go ahead make it
back to a little bit of realism here no
to the point about wit airs last
sentence up to this point Trump didn't
need that we the people he didn't need
all those people operate it with a very
small minority doing some pretty
outrageous stuff so it was it wasn't
until the people saw the pictures all
the pictures were everything I
completely until the narrative endeavors
with the photos of children crying at
their mother's knee that changed those
folks already the the the the K word got
thrown around and when I say the k-word
just a bush a former Bush II I assume
you know what that means that this was
quote Trump's Katrina mm-hmm you buy
that that it was like kind of moment
yeah I think it in many ways was is
worse than Katrina and Katrina was was
was bad obviously for the president but
Katrina ultimately got you know it took
many months to get past it I think this
is going to take years for the
Republican Party to get past it does
this break immigration then permanently
like this is make it I think it goes one
of two ways I mean it it breaks it
because the tension is so high already
higher than it was on Capitol Hill
however you know Republicans are feeling
enormous heat on this issue
understandably so and perhaps we'll see
people come to the table in a way we
haven't I'm not that hopeful it is just
to go to fill records point here he's
basically like this is their argument
stoking racial tensions as a teacher of
Trump's presidency by yeah sure it's
it's he hell it's why he's president how
did he become the darling of the right
wing after being in New York Democrat he
trafficked in untrue lies about the
birthplace of the 44th president the
United States so why would any of us be
surprised this is that he's gonna
continue to carry on with a strategy
that got him to ultimate power I got to
read you this Steve King quote in this
piece because Steve King says that
actually the president doesn't focus on
culture enough this is quote Steve King
I don't hear this president speaking
much about race but for me there
cultural distinctions that matter
whenever you import large numbers of
people from singular cultures you import
the culture too that's why a movement
towards assimilation in the broader
American civilization is so important
that's been pushed on the backburner
should be on the front burner for some
in Trump space Michael Steele this is
this this is battle presidents that's
the trump president's a fight and that's
the fight right there and it goes to
something that I a few others have been
saying for a few weeks in months now the
Browning of this country is changing how
white people are looking at the country
and it's changing how they're responding
to what they're seeing and is born out
of fear it's born out of economics is
born out a whole lot of things but it is
a trend line that is inevitable okay
number one so the question for us as we
the people is how do we now gird
ourselves to remain American uniquely
American while we recognize these
changes and figure out how we embrace
them because we've had to do it in the
past I read John Meacham spoke he goes
through this we've done this with the
Irish we've done this we've actually
done this we've done this before
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meat to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
