I talked to two Democratic senators just
as I've been standing here over the last
half-hour
both were what I would say is cautiously
optimistic about this both I talked to
Senator Chris Coons Amy Klobuchar are
both saying look we like that the
president appears to be taking
responsibility for this
we like that he appears to be acting but
we will believe it when we see it I
can't count on how many times the
president has said he would do one thing
or the White House has said the
president would do one thing and it
doesn't necessarily happen so I don't
think until the ink is dry on this
executive order and until folks here
have had a chance to read it will they
be entirely comforted by it but look
this could be an example of democratic
strategy here just to play pure politics
for a second paying off you had Minority
Leader Chuck Schumer yesterday say we're
not touching this this is not a
legislative problem this is a problem
the president created and it's a problem
the president can fix and it appears
right now the president has come to that
same conclusion although I think these
Democratic lawmakers are probably right
to wait until the ink is dry to be
confident the solution is something
they're actually going to like here's
some more reaction from the hill some
lawmakers responding to word that this
executive order is going to be signed by
the president here shortly let's take a
listen it would be a good thing if
President Trump finally accepted
responsibility for the ill-advised and
immoral policy that he initiated
forcibly separating children from their
parents at the border a very good
decision you know I mean just on kind of
a intensely personal note after
Hurricane Katrina we saw that there was
separation of families there's actually
researchers that showed it had a
enduring impact so I think we can we
must secure the border
we must not incentivize people to bring
their children just so they get a free
pass but I think we can need to do that
without separating families I haven't
seen the executive order but I have
suggested that the
can address this immediately the
Attorney General could address this
immediately and for the good of these
children it needs to be addressed
immediately we will believe it when we
see it but in the words of Lindsey
Graham all he had to do was make a phone
call so I think it proves our point that
it's on him that he can make this change
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
