welcome back I am Stephanie ruhle we are
live in McAllen Texas a shelter filled
with children who are separated from
their parents the first lady and
immigrant herself
well she had tea yesterday with the
queen of Spain and they spoke
specifically about children a group she
speaks about often one of the many
causes dear to my heart is helping
children and women no children should
ever feel hang hungry stocked frightened
terrorized bullied isolated or afraid
with nowhere to turn the well-being of
children is out out most importance to
me and I plan to use my platform as
first lady to help as many kids as I can
I'm very excited to announce be best an
awareness campaign dedicated to the most
valuable and fragile among us our
children be best I'm asking the question
is the United States at this moment
being our best
joining me now Michael wilds he's a
former federal prosecutor now an
immigration attorney and one of his
clients in fact is our first lady
Melania Trump Michael as someone who
interacts with the immigration system
regularly tell me what it's like for
immigrants specifically children who
have to go through this process because
right there we noted first lady Trump
saying no one should ever feel isolated
scared alone or terrorized and I'm
afraid those are the exact feelings
children here in McAllen are
experiencing Thank You Stephanie for
having me and the truth is that a law
professor now and I'm a former federal
prosecutor so I'm very proficient if you
would with the different vantage points
in individuals dealing with the
immigration authorities coming to an
immigration lawyers office is often an
intimidating experience for the parents
where they would like to keep their kids
in a waiting area because they want to
shield them from delicate questions
emotions and challenges I can just
imagine what's happening at the point of
border
I'm a father of four children myself
when children are going through simple
challenges whether they're emotional
whether they're allergies if there is
Matic I'm sure that Isis is taking care
of the medical accommodations but at a
very tender age children do have
physical manifestations of emotional
issues and we are certainly turning our
backs on these children these are
persons it doesn't matter how old they
are they're covered by the Constitution
they're entitled to due process our
founding documents talk about protecting
life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness every one of those features
has to do with children now I understand
and as a former federal prosecutor and
there's a very proud of American we have
to get control of our border we want to
keep the bad guys out but the way we do
things has to be done with dexterity
we fought pirates in the 17 and 1800's
and the high seas and we didn't stop
immigration to our nation this is just
unconscionable
you know Melania Trump well and she has
made children a central focus while you
might not know firsthand I have to
assume her take on the immigrant
community is they're very additive to
the United States from a both cultural
perspective as well as economic I have
to be delicate because I still represent
mrs. Trump her parents or sister and I
have to respect the attorney-client
privilege I can tell you that they are a
first-class family where children come
first
you saw how mrs. Trump didn't go to the
White House until her son was able to
acclimate into the process and this is a
very very difficult issue and her office
came out with a statement urging both
parties and this is not a partisan issue
this is an American challenge that we
have to counter look you know the bottom
line is we have to get our hand around
this in a judicious way because our
children the world's children are
watching us to make sure that we step up
to this challenge properly then with
your professional experience why would
you say this administration would opt
for such a draconian approach I think
that the President sees this as
political leverage he wants his wall he
had the Muslim Ben he wants now his wall
and he's trying to achieve this and you
know it's not personal is the kind of
message that I'm taking and this is not
any legal insight this is just my own
instinct everything is a deal and
unfortunately some of these things are
more than deals these are again a
manifestation of everything from our
humanity to the legacy we have as a
nation that gives what's the biblical
narrative of hospitality we should be
embracing people in harm's way I have a
book coming out called safe haven
battles to keep Americans golden door so
this is something that has been an
old-age challenge my father is an
immigration lawyer I'm a
second-generation immigration lawyer my
kids may want to be in regression
lawyers we have to get this right we
can't go backwards we can respect and
protect our borders and we can honor
humanity Michael thank you so much for
joining me and mrs. trunk let me take
this moment to make this plea to you you
have made children your priority since
the beginning of this administration you
have given voice to those who feel
bullied and isolated that is sorely I'll
say it desperately needed right now so
please lend your voice and your massive
platform to these children
mrs. Chun we all want to help American
families and American children but
serving American children does not
preclude us from helping others around
the world you your words you said the
way we raised our children is a
blueprint for the next generation and
you are right please help us protect the
future you took one step in that
direction saying we need to govern with
heart it is just another short step to
helping these young innocent children
please mrs. Trump the time is now my
final plea you may be the voice the
president says Kirsten Nielsen says this
is fake news don't believe these
pictures that they're showing you and
I'm trying to tell our audience the
White House is giving us 17 different
reasons why they're putting forth this
policy I cannot
get inside one of those centers I'm
gonna leave Texas not having seen a
single one of those girls you mrs. Trump
can come down to Texas you can hold
these children you can see them you can
make a difference this is about humanity
if being best is your platform I please
ask you to do just that
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
