let's put the USA over the NRA this is
the side of the spring and the
blossoming of our democracy so let's
take this to our local legislators and
let's take this to midterm election to
those politicians that say change will
not come I say we will not stop until
every man every woman every child and
every American can live without fear of
gun violence and to that I say no more
that was parkland Florida shooting
survivor David Hogg speaking at the
March for our lives in Washington back
in March David's sister Lauren Hogg also
survived the Valentine's Day shooting at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school but
she lost 4 close friends who are among
the 17 killed in the tragedy the
siblings have published their
first-person accounts of the shooting
and the movement sparked in its
aftermath in a new book titled never
again a new generation draws the line
the proceeds for which will be donated
to charity and David and Lauren Hogg
join us now in studio guys good morning
it's good to see you both it seems to me
that both of you in particular you David
have become activists and political
actors and I haven't seen many people
talk to you about how you're doing and
how you're feeling in the wake of
something that none of us could have
ever had to imagine god forbid will ever
have to imagine how are you doing
seventeen of your friends were killed
and you were there how are you feeling
have you had time to grieve as you've
been out on the road we've had to but
we've also had to fight through it so
that people don't just my sister says
this a lot see these people's characters
whenever they're on TV eat the best
thing that I can say to people is
imagine the person that you love most
that you hold a closest and imagine them
being shot and killed that's what all of
these people were to someone and many
other people and that's what happens
every day in DC this year since the
beginning of the Chicago this year since
the beginning of the school year over a
hundred and fifty kids have now been
murdered on the streets under the age of
21 and we don't hear their voices I
often times when I'm going out there
and I may feel disrupted or or just sad
about what's going on a lot of that
comes from lobbying in Congress and
seeing me in action of our politicians
and their refusal to say to take action
the like for example Paul Ryan refusing
to take any action to allow a vote on
universal background checks and I get so
depressed when I go there but then I go
to like different parts of DC like Ward
8 and different areas where I meet with
people like Zack and Kelly who spoke at
the March whose brother was killed on
the way to that's on the way back from
school from college prep class and I see
the strength and resilience of these
communities and the love of compassion
within them and how they strive every
day to fight through this gun violence
and really work to save each other and
that's what gives me hope and that's how
I know we're gonna change the future
what about for you Lauren you lost for
very close friends how are you doing I'm
doing good but something I talk about a
lot in the book is I know for me and
David and all of our friends activism
has kind of become our therapy for some
reason it's one of the best ways that I
found I've began to heal and something
that I'd like to remind a lot of people
also is that while we're on our road to
change to being around our friends in
March for our lives we've become a
family and it's something that I've
never really experienced outside of my
own family but we've gained this bond
that none of us should have had but I
think it's this shared common experience
that brings us so close together what's
your level both of you what's your level
what you're thinking about the fact that
the level of gun violence has reduced in
a way the sense of shock about it within
this country and you're dealing with it
you've dealt with it as very few people
have dealt with it and yet city by city
the sense of shock with mass murders
school shootings it's there for an hour
or two when it's on TV maybe half a day
and then we move on honestly I think a
lot of it may come down to the way the
media covers these tragedies especially
in communities of color and lower
socioeconomic status they just say it's
gang violence a lot of the time and like
it can't be covered like Zions brother
saiyr Kelly who was murdered in DC he
was walking home from college prep class
and was shot and killed 300 feet from
his home but you know how that was
covered by the news
gang violence in America if you live on
a block that has a gang on it the media
automatically assumes you're part of
that game even if you're not and a lot
of the time when you're out there and
you're just trying to make your
community better and then it gets
covered like that people see it as
hopeless and that you can't do anything
but on Friday night when I saw what they
do every Friday and deep on the
southside of DC at saints - church sorry
Chicago we're they march for peace every
Friday night that's what gives me hope
and those people in these communities
that we've gone through from Ferguson to
DC to Chicago that's how I know this is
gonna change and I think that's kind of
what this book shows - I think America
needs to learn about empathy you got to
put yourself in the people's shoes the
they lost people the people that die
every day on America are people that
that are just like you and me they're
kids that were just like everybody here
was at one time and their kids just like
yours and somebody has to look at that
suffering and never be able to talk to
them for the rest of their life and
that's why we wrote this book to
practice empathy well thank you so much
both of you for continuing to fight for
what is right I know you've had doors
slammed on you by members of Congress in
Washington and I know it's been a very
very difficult experience just trying to
get your message across let alone
everything else so we appreciate it
you're always welcome here
final thoughts this morning Mike
Barnicle start with you
well you know to their points we are
living in a country day for the first
time in my lifetime where we have a
President of the United States who seeks
actively on a daily basis to divide us
rather than bring the country together
and it's incredibly troubling incredibly
depressing to think that we live with
this each and every day and really
despite all the outrage we're seeing on
TV despite all out the outrage we share
this is an issue I'll say again the
President does not mind he doesn't mind
this fight because he thinks it helps
him win in 2018 he believes he was
elected on the immigration issue he
feels it's a wedge issue like NFL
players kneeling for the national anthem
this is a fight he's happy to have well
and and
we know that about him I mean there are
some truths that we have been able to
deduce in almost a year-and-a-half of
covering this presidency and also in the
run-up to the election there are and I
will say this carefully tendencies to be
racist or he could you could say racist
bigoted tendencies sexist tendencies a
racist a sexist a bigot that's at the
top and then the question is what's
happening around the top and how does
our democracy function
we're expecting others to step up
tomorrow on the show we're gonna do our
best to look for solutions to talk about
solutions to talk about what people can
do if people don't believe babies should
be separated for separated from their
mothers watch our show tomorrow morning
we'll talk about what you can do who you
can call we'll talk about what legal aid
organizations can do what doctors can do
what members of Congress can do we will
pressure this president to pull back on
this policy that does it for us this
morning Stephanie ruhle picks up the
coverage live from McAllen Texas right
now thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
