amid the growing outrage over the Trump
administration's policy of separating
migrant children from parents a group of
Democratic state attorneys general along
with a bipartisan group of more than 80
former US Attorney's sent two letters to
Attorney General Jeff Sessions yesterday
calling on him to reverse the policy
joining the conversation the Attorney
General of New Mexico Hector Balderas
who led that letter by the state AG's
and former US Attorney and an MSNBC
contributor Barbara McQuade who added
her name to the prosecutors letter good
morning welcome to you both thank you
for general Balderas let me start with
you what do you believe is the quickest
and best course of action to stop this
policy right now is it convincing the
president United States to make the
phone call that could end it or is it
pushing Congress to move quicker than
the president could well I believe that
the president can should take the
executive action he should do the right
thing and I disagree with that law
enforcement officer fundamentally you
can enforce the law be tough on crime
we as border AG's understand we should
be going after human traffickers drug
smugglers and Gun Runners and so the
president wants to be tough on crime we
should be focused on hardened criminals
and enforce border security but we
should not be violating the rights of
children and breaking up families and
that's the fundamental debate here that
we're missing when we we offend the
conscience of our country is the rule of
law we can be tough on crime and what we
just have to be smart we can do both
and we should not be violating the
Constitution of the United States and
the greatest democracy and the greatest
rule of law by offending our conscience
as well by breaking up families well and
that's what the president gave you and
then the Congress should take action and
of course in the end the goal of any
institution international state or
federal is to do justice and so we're
offending families and our immigration
whether it's an immigration system or
criminal justice system we are breaking
up families especially children that are
innocent under the rule of law then we
need to step in as Americans first so
this is a policy that was implemented
and articulated by that
general United States about five or six
weeks ago and that's when the uptick
started occurring about breaking up
families so as your the Attorney General
of the state of New Mexico the
Albuquerque Police Department in
investigating a domestic call at a home
scooped the children out of the house
would it be against the law of New
Mexico for them to do that well they
would work in conjunction with social
workers in that in an in family
protection units at that point Inc if
the other family members were somehow
violating the law but there would be
compassion in some sense of discretion
by law enforcement they wouldn't just be
fundamentally saying all I have to
enforce the rule of law now I have to
break up the family its group of the
children and then by blindly put them in
a cage or in some kind of a cold jail
setting and then also fundamentally
denying due process on both sides and
keeping everyone in the dark and that's
just a backward system and so Jeff
sessions is playing kind of a word game
here and I'm that's what I'm talking to
Americans today we can absolute but be
tough on crime we can absolutely tough
on exploitation we should be focused on
human traffickers Gun Runners drug
smugglers I mean I'm at the border you
want to talk concrete and building walls
let's talk about that when you're
talking about children crying and then
you're playing games with information
and withholding information that's
something that our greatest criminal
justice system our immigration system
right now it doesn't pass the smell test
and that's why we're getting involved is
AG's but that's what we're starting the
debate being tough on the border tough
on crime we're not even in the
conversation right now
you are terrorizing children and we're
in the business of fighting terrorism
not terrorizing children and you're
misleading the general public and trying
to hold up along they're being
traumatized and terrorized and there's
no question about it Jon Meacham I'm
wondering if there's a judicial remedy
here in the checks and balances system
if the other two branches fail
one question is whether there is
something that the courts could step in
and do well I think on a micro level
frequently the judges sentenced these
defendants to time served you know these
are misdemeanor offenses and so we could
see a remedy at the administrative level
which is what has happened in the past
when people came to the border instead
of prosecuting them criminally they were
handled administratively through
expedited deportation to keep them out
of the country but at a macro level
there has been a challenge by the ACLU
there could be other challenges too to
take this to a higher level to get an
order that says that the Department of
Justice cannot act in this way I don't
know that that said that that kind of an
attack would be successful because as we
said this is not a legal decision this
is a policy decision people are entering
the border illegally but what has
changed and what is the radical
departure from the past is this idea of
a zero tolerance policy every single
person who commits that misdemeanor
offense of illegal entry is being
prosecuted and because children cannot
be detained or jailed awaiting trial
with their parents they are necessarily
being separated what what has happened
in the past is allowing prosecutors to
use discretion to make that common-sense
decision about prioritization if someone
is here has committed that misdemeanor
offense of illegal entry to decline
prosecution handle that administratively
have people deported in an expedited
manner and instead focus those
prosecutorial resources on crimes that
are dangerous like gang violence
terrorism public corruption serious
crimes because every hour and every day
that a prosecutor spends handling an
illegal entry case is an hour today that
that prosecutor does not spend on those
more serious crimes Casey hunt you said
last hour that there is another solution
that Congress could act in a sweeping
way and end this at once is that
possible sure it's possible it's not how
I normally do business I mean this is
this is not a raising because you know
normally there's trade-offs and back and
forth but if they if they really wanted
to Republican leaders control the floors
of the house and
the Senate and they could write a very
narrow bill that I think at least from
talking to my I have not done a formal
whip count obviously but I have had a
lot of conversations with members both
privately and on camera over the past
couple of days about this and to a
person I'm trying to think of somebody
I've talked to who's not opposed to this
policy everybody says you know we don't
want to see this we don't want this to
happen so that suggests to me that you
could potentially see a veto-proof
majority but that it would require
Republican leaders to stand up and
essentially oppose the president
business so but it is possible for it to
be ended today by Congress like sure
technically technically possible it
would take the agreement of all 100
senators to do it today but the house
they could go right ahead and and do it
today their procedures you know the the
House Speaker has a lot of power over
what he could do with the floor they
would probably anger a lot of people
because everyone is very wedded to how
they do things and the processes around
there but they could do it if they
wanted to so everyone is very wedded to
the process and I don't think we've seen
the process really work over the past
few years and as Casey said none of this
is normal so 100 Center there's a
hundred of you who could do this today
and could change the direction of our
country which is right now headed in the
wrong direction because none of this is
normal taking babies away from their
mothers is not normal
hiding toddlers from the American public
and and large groups of girls that have
been separated from their families
hiding them from the American public and
and not revealing the pictures or
telling us what their locations are and
telling us whether they're okay
that's not normal and that's not
American taking groups of kids and
marching them off to tents like
criminals building tent cities for them
hiding children in cages with blankets
that they have to share and lying on the
floor these are the pictures our
government have released to show their
policy is working none of this is normal
we have 100 senators who could step up
and do the right thing for the
United States of America and then you
can go on and go to your corners and
fight about the different things you
want to fight about but let's be unified
on this I don't think any of this is
normal and I think that our president
the one thing we haven't seen in our
lifetimes is a president who brings to
the table racist tendencies bigotry
sexism bullying thug ISM and frightens
people to say things that they don't
mean in order to hold on to their jobs
we've seen that happen in real time
we've seen that play out before our eyes
and it might be personal it might be
political but this is about our heart
and we've got 100 senators who could
change this today we know the president
won't unless for some reason he thinks
he might win some PR battle or make some
sort of gain for himself in a way that
only pertains to him but you could fight
for America you could fight for who we
are we would support that we're praying
for that as human beings and citizens
the United States of America
anybody disagree well I'd like to ask
Casey a question go ahead because I've
I've read all the heartbroken tweets
from senators and read the strongly
worded letters from senators to attorney
general sessions the Republican
Conference had a 45-minute audience with
the president United States last night
did any of them confront him about this
issue when they had a chance so the
president didn't take questions and
there were no from my reporting
outbursts from the crowd during the
meeting we we talked to one member who
on his way in my colleague Garrett Haake
spoke to congressman Mike Coffman of
Colorado who represents a lot of Latino
Americans in his district it's a swing
district he is very much at risk of
losing his seat and has been somebody
who has been a voice on the immigration
issue I haven't had a chance yet to
follow up I didn't catch up with him
leaving the meeting but none of my
sources said that he was confronted
directly on this issue and in fact I
mean typically these meetings the
president likes it when members stick
around and take selfies with him well
from the photographs it looks like
smiles and back slaps and standing
ovations general Balderas won't ask you
a question and just present you the case
that the administration makes and a lot
of many conservatives will make - which
is that it's heartbreaking to look at
these pictures but the fact of the
matter as many of them are breaking the
law and there has to be some punishment
for breaking the law and they believe
that this is a tough deterrent we had an
interview with one of our reporters with
a young mother and her child who were
waiting on the other side of the border
and considering whether or not it was
worth it to cross into the United States
because she may be separated from her
child the Trump administration would say
see that's what we mean we're deterring
people from crossing what is a better
solution here to prevent the crossing of
illegal immigrants well they just need
to use some common sense they have not
built the bureaucracy or the apparatus
to provide the significant amount of due
process this is taking years to process
families in a humane way let's invest
let's increase resources appropriate the
proper dollars to build truly the
greatest immigration system that we can
build why are we
around fighting about policies and
trying to pass a bill right now when we
should be investing real resources on
the border we are an international world
superpower and we are trying to build a
wall rather than build the greatest
justice system to properly process
Mexico and Canada our largest trading
partners yet we are fighting with North
Korea when we'd only actually trade or
make any money off North Korea so
building a real economic engine in that
region where we evaluates employment
rights civil rights and law enforcement
we have great law enforcement partners
right there where we need to eradicate
eradicate drug trafficking drug drug
trafficking gun running but all it takes
is putting professionals down there
social workers judges counselors and
properly process them I think it's
slightly more complicated than that in a
way so I'd love your reaction as Barbara
as well there's basically two groups of
people that we're talking about there
are Mexicans who traditionally have
tried to cross the border and
traditionally our policy there was
simply to send them back now you have
this new somewhat new problem in
fairness everybody who's working on this
where you have these families fleeing
this gang violence in these terrible
conditions in Guatemala Honduras and so
on and they're seeking asylum which is a
different legal situation a different
legal situation and so the question for
us as a country is what do you do with
the asylum seekers do you take them just
because they're seeking asylum from all
this gang violence or do you send them
back as families that into the middle of
this violence or what is our national I
don't gonna interrupt you but that is a
great point and that's what our nation's
been missing we're coming off the heels
of the dreamer argument where I had
dreamers who were soldiers signing in
with Homeland Security passing
background checks were law enforcement
officers and that is coming off the old
immigration system that which was broken
now we have a silent refugee who have
actually more fundamental legal rights
what I'm saying is that both systems
America didn't do well I mean we build a
a hamburger very well in seconds we can
turn around a greasy burger that's not
good for you but we can't process either
human rights which is asylum rights or
immigrant rights like the dreamers and
in and all I'm saying is we can either
turn back a family or process them as a
dreamer and we should do it wonder a
year the way we process a Harvard
applicant or we should have some type of
fundamental protection for asylum
seekers come on we're the best nation in
the world and what I'm making the
argument is an ally they're the number
three trading partner if Trump is a real
businessman he won't be playing footsies
with North Korea where we make no money
off of that economy and and Mexico we
know we make money because we have we
need their labor we trade with them and
they're our neighbor and quite frankly
they're a better soccer team than we are
right now so why can we not process our
neighbors in a human in a humane way and
now I have law enforcement partners over
there where we are exchanging
information in New Mexico I'll do a good
example of Mexican national killed every
one of his family members and and we
have an extradition agreement in Mexico
it was Mexican law enforcement officers
and and New Mexico law enforcement
officers that helped me go down and
track this killer cold-blooded killer in
Mexico City and we brought him back to
justice in New Mexico this is our the
kinda things that we're doing at the
state level but president Trump just has
a has a deranged argument that's all I'm
saying is I agree it's a complicated
issue but we are simply not processing
these cases in a way that we are
processing a divorce or other systems of
justice that we are the greatest
superpower in the world I think we can
do a better job so Barbara McQuade let's
let's continue this in one vein the
power of the law US Attorney's every US
attorney has a pretty pretty powerful
toolbox to utilize in various situations
what could a US Attorney do in this case
to protect children from being separated
from their parents it's cruel it's
unusual it's inhumane
what could a US attorney theoretically
do could the newest attorney do anything
at all to protect these children one of
the things that caused all of the u.s.
attorneys from both Republican and
Democratic administrations to write this
letter to Jeff Sessions was to draw
attention to the fact that the Attorney
General has ordered all US attorneys to
use zero tolerance so right now US
attorneys cannot do anything other than
prosecute all of these cases and to put
it into perspective the Justice
Department the entire Justice Department
across the country every year prosecutes
about 70,000 cases a year and of those
70,000 about 20,000 of those are
immigration offenses if this continues
prosecutors this year will have to
handle 300,000 immigration cases that's
more than they've ever processed in a
single year and that's if they don't do
anything else and so this is really
tying the hands of those prosecutors on
the southern border to do nothing but
this I think as the Attorney General
just said a better use of those
resources would be to allow the US
Attorney's to go back to their normal
practice of using prosecutorial
discretion to prioritize and prosecute
the most serious and dangerous cases to
decline prosecution from those who
present no threat and instead use
expedited removal to send them back and
for asylum seekers which international
law says we cannot turn back someone who
has a credible fear of death or
persecutions invest those resources in
doing a better job at the border of that
credible fear of determination too
because I think the concern is that
people are are lying about their asylum
seeking that there is no credible fear
then they just want to come to America
well if that's the case let's put our
resources there and do a better job at
that credible fear determination that
occurs at the border so only those with
a bonafide
fear of persecution or death are the
ones who are permitted to seek asylum
you know Alexis de Tocqueville the great
philosophers studied American democracy
and he said America is great because
America is good if frozen Trump really
wants to make America great again let's
make America good again former US
Attorney Barbara McQuade and the
Attorney General of New Mexico Hector
Balderas thank you both for being on
this morning acute thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
