if new developments in the case of
missing Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi
The Washington Post is reporting that
the Turkish officials have audio and
video recordings that prove the
journalist was killed inside the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul and we are
learning this morning that several
journalists media organizations and
business leaders including AOL
co-founder Steve Case New York Times
columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and
publisher of the LA Times are pulling
out of the future investment initiative
a very high-profile conference financed
by the royal family that is slated to
take place in Saudi Arabia in two weeks
the president spoke yesterday about the
missing journalists and the future of
our relationship with Saudi Arabia
take a listen first I want to find out
what happened and we're looking again
just a place in Turkey and to the best
of our knowledge Khashoggi is not a
United States citizen is that right it's
a permanent resident okay we don't like
it Jon we don't like it and we don't
like it even a little bit but as to
whether or not we should stop a hundred
and ten billion dollars from being spent
in this country knowing they have four
or five alternatives two very good
alternatives that would not be
acceptable to make very quickly the
president is overstating that business
opportunity with the United States and
Saudi Arabia and while I mentioned a
number of business leaders and media
outlets who have pulled out of that
conference Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin at this point he's still going
joining me now with more NBC chief
foreign correspondent Richard Engel
Richard what do we know about these
recordings that are inside the consulate
so before I get to that there's just in
the last few minutes another story
developing that is related and unrelated
it's Turkey related but it is part of
this general tension that has been then
hurting the Turkish economy hurting
relations with the US according to
multiple sources the prosecutor's office
has ordered the American pastor Andrew
Brunson to be set free yeah he had a
hearing today and they have lifted
according to local reports here controls
on his
on his whereabouts so he would be free
to leave the country that judicial
controls on him have been lifted now
this was a major sticking point between
the United States and Turkey it was one
reason that the u.s. imposed sanctions
on certain Turkish products which sent
this this country's economy tanking and
the reason I say it's related and
unrelated is that I don't think the
timing is any coincidence right now
Turkey is under a lot of pressure to to
improve relations with the United States
to get this pastor crisis past it
because it is facing a potential another
crisis with another powerful economic
country and that is Saudi Arabia so I
think if turkey is now going to take a
more confrontational stance with Saudi
Arabia which it seems to be over what
happened in this building right behind
me it seems that they wanted to clear up
that other problem with the United
States that lingering problem of the of
the pastor while they continue to
address what happened or what allegedly
happened in this consulate so back to
the recordings you were talking about
Washington Post says that the Turkish
government that the Turkish security
agencies have recordings audio and
visual recordings showing that Jamal
khashoggi this journalist who's been
missing for over a week
walked into this building never seen
leave to leave and that their recordings
that once he was inside he was murdered
interrogated and and tortured
all right well walk us through murdered
interrogated and tortured walk us
through where NBS is in all of this
because there are reports that the crown
prince has had ordered this operation to
lure khashoggi back to Saudi Arabia from
his home in Virginia and when you need
to remind our audience the crown prince
is a well known figure he is very close
to Jared Kushner he's close to a number
of American business leaders I mean take
your pick which CEO do you want out
there they've most likely got a picture
of NBS we know this guy well so it's
going that's why frankly this story is
so interesting not only is it just
absolutely bizarre that a journalist a
well-known person columnist for The
Washington Post could go into a
diplomatic
building and then be butchered and
tortured and and potentially cut up into
pieces and then brought out on to
charter planes not only is that
mind-blowing but then there are these
numerous reports that this was ordered
by the top levels of the Saudi
government and that there is this report
that earlier on Crowley the the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman who
effectively runs the country right right
now runs it more or less as a one-man
show he's been arresting hundreds
thousands of critics putting them under
sometimes house arrest sometimes under
real arrest he's taken a hard line that
he had initially had a plot or wanted a
plot to lure Khashoggi back to Saudi
Arabia with offers of reconciliation
Ashoke has been very critical to sound
prints and according to to this report
MBS wanted to say well everything can be
done let bygones be got bygones
but that Khashoggi didn't didn't didn't
buy it he was suspicious he didn't
accept the offer and he was trying to
keep his distance from Saudi Arabia
until it was he went in on that fateful
day into this consulate building he
needed some paperwork that he believed
apparently that he couldn't get anywhere
else and and never came outside this
story is not going away anytime soon we
are so lucky to have Richard on the
ground working on it we're gonna stay on
it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
