a few thoughts from here in McAllen
Texas before we go this afternoon
depending on whom you believe children
are being separated from their parents
here in an effort to deter other
families from crossing the border
illegally others have said that the
policy is designed to force some sort of
bipartisan legislative compromise some
have even suggested that the policy was
unveiled back in April to curry favor
with the president's political base
although I choose not to believe that
there is a base in this country that
would really be okay with what's
happening here but this has become
bigger than politics it has become
bigger than policy as well
listening to that recording of children
separated from their parents sobbing and
screaming out for mommy and daddy from a
child Detention Center it did not hurt
my heart because I have two small
children it didn't hurt my heart because
I'm a Christian or I'm an American
it made me cringe because I'm a human
being children suffering it hurts my
soul especially when it's man-made and
especially in the United States of
America two hundred two hundred children
are being separated from their parents
every day and even if you subscribe to
the idea that these these these are just
fence jumpers they're breaking the law
so what in America when mom are dead
when they break the law we don't usually
put the kid in a detention facility for
fifty days on average so why is that
acceptable to some now another question
where are the toddlers we're told that
questions about the whereabouts and
conditions of young girls will be
answered in the next day or two a
reminder so far we've only seen
government government provided video of
young men between the ages of 10 and 17
we do not know anything about children
under the age of 10 we do know that
they're also being separated we should
all be troubled by the factors of
migrant young children are unaccounted
for in the United States of America we
should also
we should be even more poll now we're
having a public debate at all about the
merits of child separation as a policy
we can agree that just laws must be
enforced we can agree that we have a
problem with illegal immigration in this
country can we also agree that wherever
you fall on the spectrum of solutions to
fix the problem this ain't it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
