people like Devin Nunez you should get
if this all turns out like everyone
thinks it will definitely get the Medal
of Honor
he is really what he's gone through and
his bravery he should get a very
important metal maybe we'll call it the
medal of freedom because we actually
give them the high awards for civilians
there is a Medal of Freedom President
Trump in a phone interview with Fox News
yesterday suggesting that congressman
Devin Nunez deserves the Medal of
Freedom the nation's highest civilian
honor for his quote bravery in pushing
back against Robert mullah Muller's
rusher probe Joe I my dad got the Medal
of Freedom I I don't know I don't see a
parallel I'm he's lost me yet again on
this one I love I love that Donald Trump
because hey we could call it the Medal
of Freedom and gonna do that maybe maybe
I got another great idea why don't we
get the best baseball players throughout
history and we'll put all of their
records and plaques in one big building
and we'll call it yeah in this case
though Casey hunt you even have
Republicans in the Senate who loathed
Devin Nunez Republicans on the Intel
committee in the Senate who look at him
as a bumbling fool who is an
embarrassment I think Donald Trump and
maybe three or four members of the
freedom caucus may be the only people
who aren't embarrassed of Devin Nunez
when he walks by them in the hall even
people who used to be close to Devin as
the House Speaker
for example now you you speak to people
in that circle and they wonder what has
happened to Devin Nunez because he
doesn't really bear much resemblance to
the guy that they used to know this you
know California Republican I mean he he
is one of the few people and we talk a
lot on the show about how Republicans
talk behind closed doors about this
president which is to say that they all
wonder about the safety and future of
the country and think what's going on is
crazy generally speaking Devin Nunez is
not one of those people
Devin Nunez is a true believer who
is convinced that the deep state is out
to get this president and he wants to
dig around as deeply as he can to try to
expose it and you know quite frankly
other Republicans in Congress haven't
done a lot to stop it they've enabled it
they have enabled it which again that
we've said it for some time Willie
that's gonna be part of Paul Ryan's
legacy that he is enabled they complete
bipartisan that the destruction of the
concept of a bipartisan Intel committee
which has always been sacrosanct up on
Capitol Hill but Donald Trump is
elevating a guy who the Justice
Department and the FBI said was working
hard working overtime to expose the
Intel community's means and so their
sources in a way that could endanger
American Intel assets and that is who
Donald Trump is praising yeah it's been
a frustration privately also to
Republicans this isn't just Democrats
who were saying these things out loud
about David Nunez they've been
frustrated the way he's handled
intelligence and again you know the
Medal of Honor line from Donald Trump
it's a throwaway line he and you don't
want to get hung up on everything he
says and every lie he tells but but it
does you know it's sort of an ongoing
cheapening of language and cheapening of
honors we have in this country which
Jack Jacobs were here Colonel Jack
Dickens who actually won the Medal of
Honor he met people who explained to the
president what it means to earn that
yeah still ahead we know Russia meddled
in the 2016 election we do not know what
kind of direct impact Moscow had but one
of our next guests is certain that
Russia's interference was crucial to
Trump's win we'll dig into that and a
programming note this weekend
david pura takes over the reins of the
up franchise beginning tomorrow at 8:00
a.m. Eastern and politics nation with
Reverend Sharpton is moving to a new
timeslot over the weekend and expanding
to two days at 5:00 p.m. Eastern right
here on MSNBC that's must-see TV oh yeah
back in a moment thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
