Ginger Thompson is a Pulitzer
prize-winning reporter who spent 15
years at the New York Times as an
investigative reporter as a Washington
correspondent as the Mexico City bureau
chief she's now at Pro Publica
and she is the reporter who obtained the
first recording today from inside a
Customs and Border Patrol detention
facility since the Trump administration
started implementing this new policy of
taking kids away from their parents
which they're now apparently doing at a
rate of nearly 70 children per day
Thompson says she obtained this
recording from a Texas lawyer who in
turn says that she got it from a client
who says it was recorded last week in a
detention facility now on this recording
you will hear kids crying here you will
hear kids crying for their mothers and
their fathers you will hear workers
talking to them and trying to try to
figure out what to do with these kids
and you will also hear one very
persistent stir of heartbreakingly
persistent six-year-old girl from El
Salvador whom ProPublica has identified
by name and what she is asking for here
is for someone to please call her aunt
she's six years old
she has memorized her aunt's phone
number and she is trying to get an adult
any adult to help her to call her family
to call the number she has memorized
because she knows surely she should be
picked up she should not be there alone
know your audience
the nigga taking networking blame at the
Ginny
Michael a remarkable audio today
published by Pro Publica joining us now
is ginger Thompson she's a senior
reporter with Pro Publica who today
published that first footage audio
footage from inside one of these
detention facilities where kids are
being taken away from their parents and
then processed by workers who don't seem
quite know how to do it
ginger thank you for being here thank
you it's hard to hear yeah so how did
you get the audio so we got a call from
longtime sources of mine on the border
about the fact that a civil rights
attorney had a tape and I called the
attorney talked to her about the tape
she described what was on it
and told me how she had gotten the tape
and that she wanted to share it the
lawyer did because she felt that these
were the voices that were sort of
missing in this debate absolutely
literally the children yeah we haven't
heard from any of them the people who
have the most at stake in this debate
and so she shared it with me and then we
talked about the best ways to use the
tape and we decided to use the whole
thing is it illegal to have a recording
from inside one of these facilities I'm
struck by the fact that there's so much
attention to what's going on there and
the thing that has been missing is
anybody being able to talk to these kids
any moving images of what's going on
there any footage from inside that's not
taken by the authorities well it's
unclear to me that authorities in these
centers can't have telephones or people
who work in these centers with these
children
mm-hmm right but I think that what we
have seen is that the administration
when it tries when it offers to take the
public into these places those
situations are very scripted very
controlled
so reporters have only been allowed in
without cameras in most cases or very
limited cameras they've not been able to
talk to people who are detained in these
facilities so for the public access to
these facilities has been very
controlled you
we were able to focus on one kid in
particular six-year-old Salvadoran girl
you were able to track down her family
members in part because she I mean it's
the heartbreaking thing that she's six
years old she's got this number
memorized and that's essentially her
lifeline to the outside world be able to
tell us anything about her status
so she apparently has been moved out of
the the Border Patrol facility where
this recording was made and is now in a
shelter that is run by Health and Human
Services where she says that she has a
bed she's got good food but she still
feels very alone and authority six she's
six and authorities there have said to
her that there's a chance her mother
could be deported without her so she's
still quite traumatized that is I mean
part of learning that there or parents
who are being deported without their
kids that's I mean that's the US
government taking kids from their
parents keeping them
that's right and forcibly sending the
parent away that's right and there does
not as far as we know I mean reporting
from The New Yorker today suggests there
is no it's not that things are falling
through the cracks or there's a
patchwork of a patchwork system here
that's not always working it seems like
there is no process for reuniting
parents and kids once they're separated
that's true well from what I've heard
from advocates and lawyers this is not
unusual that a parent a parents case
will move through the system very
quickly they will be deported and their
children are here and then
bureaucratically the system has to
figure out how to put those to P because
then they're handled by different
agencies they're certainly obviously in
different geographic sort of separations
that go on for months months and months
ginger Thompson senior reporter with Pro
Publica congratulations on this scoop
this is serious stuff thank you it's
really good to have you here thanks all
right we'll be right back stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
