the sort of separation of kids from
their families the lying about it the
putting of kids in cages I think is
really reprehensible and I think
religious leaders you know and people in
general need to say the call it what it
is which is sin in a country that
enshrined separation of church and state
in the Constitution we never need to use
religion to justify a government policy
but American politicians love to do it
and the Trump administration is doing it
to justify their policy of child abuse
at the southern border Attorney General
Jeff Sessions has cited what he calls
biblical justification using a Bible
passage that was frequently used to
justify slavery and now Kelly and Conway
has come along and pulled Catholicism
into this fight at the same time that
the Pope and Catholic Bishops and
Catholic priests have objected to what
the president is doing to children at
the southern border Kellyanne Conway
used an unusual preface to her comments
yesterday in which she repeated the
Trump lie that what's happening to
children on the southern border is the
Democrats fault and not a direct order
issued by Donald Trump here are the
words Kellyanne Conway used to try to
build credibility to her lying yesterday
she said she was speaking quote as a
mother as a Catholic as somebody who's
got a conscience as a mother as a
Catholic as somebody who has got a
conscience and wouldn't say the junk
that somebody said apparently allegedly
I will tell you that nobody likes his
policy you saw the president on camera
that he wants this to end but everybody
has conversation and joining us now with
the reaction the most Reverend Michael
Curry Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal
Church and father James Martin Jesuit
priest and the editor-at-large of the
catholic publication america magazine
and father martin i'm going to go to you
first simply because of Kellyanne
conway's invocation of catholicism of
your faith I'd like to get your reaction
to that well I think what she's saying
is absurd I believe she has a conscience
obviously but I think most people who
see
what's going on in the border realized
that their conscience is telling that
that this is outrageous and it's sinful
there's a reason why we're so outraged
and it's because God moves through our
consciences and tries to move us towards
action so it's it's sinful Bishop your
reaction well you know I would just have
to say that that for for those of us who
are Christian the standard of our
conduct and the standard of our life is
Jesus of Nazareth probably one of the
most compassionate people who ever
walked on the face of this earth and
this Jesus tells us to love God to love
our neighbor and that that is the
fulfillment of all that God intends
fulfills the law and the prophets and if
that is the teaching of Jesus for those
of us who are Christians
we're bidden to follow that and
separating children from their parents
is not loving your neighbor to the
people in our audience who are not
religious who have no religion to
atheists they can come to the conclusion
that this is an immoral act without any
religious guidance whatsoever and
morality can be found in certain
positions without any religious guidance
whatsoever or any religious belief how
do you feel when you hear politicians
using religion and justify their choices
like this well it's it's immoral and
it's wrong and it's a misuse of religion
the use of Romans 13 for example to
justify this action romans 13 was used
to justify slavery it was used to
justify Nazism in Germany romans 13 has
but it was a misuse even of st. Paul but
even with that said for a Christian to
quote Romans 13 over Jesus of Nazareth
as a Jesus of Nazareth doesn't exist
that that it seems to me is highly
problematic and it's just flat-out wrong
if unbiblical it's unchristian and it's
not American father Martin you've had
your own experience working in Africa
with refugees at different points in the
past you've seen these kinds of problems
before what you're so what you're seeing
on the southern border is familiar to
you sure I worked in Africa with
refugees from
all over the place and settling in
Nairobi and I saw firsthand what it
meant for these people to try to find a
new life and flee persecution no one
wants to be a refugee no one wants to be
a migrant but they do it out of great
love for their families they have a lot
of guts to do it
and I think it's up to us to welcome
them as Bishop was saying Jesus himself
says I was a stranger and you did not
welcome me it's pretty clear I think the
problem with a lot of these Christians
who are saying that they're reading the
Bible is I don't know what Bible they're
reading because the Bible I read has
Jesus always reaching out to those who
are on the margins including and most
especially migrants and refugees and
Bishop you captured the world with your
sermon at the Royal Wedding and I wonder
if you've considered delivering a sermon
on this subject well I did just this
past Sunday actually yeah and and and
the truth is I have a feeling pulpits
across the land this similar sermons
were preached love your neighbor as
yourself do unto others as you would
have them do unto you my question to
those all those who have a conscience
and I'm not questioning that but who may
be supporting this policy do unto others
as you would have them do unto you
that's Jesus talking in Matthew chapter
7 the golden rule is this how you would
want someone to treat a member of your
family this is this how you would want
your children I mean I'm a father of
children I remember one time our oldest
daughter she was like two or three or
something we were in this door and I
turned my head for just a split second
and she wandered away into the little
clothing thing I couldn't find her my I
panicked internally do we realize that's
what parents are feeling when their
children are being taken away from them
by our government that's not America
that's not American we can do better
than that father Martin what would you
say to Catholics who hear Kelly and
Conway say to use Catholicism as her
justification for the way she views this
I would say pay attention to your own
conscience there's a reason why when we
hear these recordings of kids who are
trapped in these cages that it pulls at
our heartstrings there's a reason why we
see pictures of kids being taken from
their mothers and fathers
it disturbs us that's your conscience
and so you know Kellyanne come we can
say one thing but your conscience says
something else your conscience is where
you listen to the voice of God and and
also just as Bishop was saying come to
know Jesus it's pretty clear what Jesus
is saying in the Gospels I don't know
how much clearer you could get then I
was a stranger and you did that
welcoming and the consistent message in
the Old Testament in the New Testament
is welcoming and caring for strangers
period and if that doesn't work go back
and read the parable of the Good
Samaritan to the point of conscience
being the voice of God and I just want
to again stress that we this is the
country where the Constitution separates
church and state and we all know and I
think we ought this table all grant that
atheists have consciences too and for
them it is not the voice of God it is
their own voice in their own conscience
and their own learnings about the world
and their own morality that is telling
them what this is when they see it but
Bishop what would be if you could get a
second with the president what would you
tell them about this I would say to them
my brother my brother do good do it is
just do it is kind and you'll be
following Jesus Bishop Michael Curry
gets the last word on this tonight
father James Martin thank you for
joining us also really appreciate both
of you thank you
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
