congressman Perriello Jaya Paul is a
democratic walking into the leading
voice opposing this policy and I
understand you've been working with
groups on on an event planned in
opposition we are absolutely ready to
have a mass mobilization this is the
first time we're talking about it right
here on the show it's going to be on
June 30th at 11 o'clock at Lafayette
Park right outside the White House we
have hundreds of organizations being
anchored by the National Domestic
Workers Alliance and move on but
hundreds of organizations that are part
of the families belong together
coalition because we see the outrage and
we see that this has to be taken right
to the White House right to Donald Trump
to stop the family separations people
can go to families belong together org
sign up there will be contiguous marches
and rallies and in cities across the
country this is a moment and I will tell
you Chris every single day I have
constituents calling my office but not
just from my district from across the
country saying how can we stop this
Republicans Democrats and independents
are outraged and I have to say I think
the white house is badly miscalculated
they are losing on this issue nobody
believes nobody believes that there is
any legislative reason any policy reason
and certainly no moral reason to be
separating these kids you know that I
was in the detention center there was a
you know kids up to as young as one year
old that had been taken from their moms
and I heard from those mothers and I'll
tell you it is outrageous Laura Bush
says it Franklin Graham says it this is
not a political issue this is about
what's right and wrong um let me ask you
a question this is something that I've
been trying to get an answer to and
maybe you're a member of Congress yet
more luck than me what's happened is
they've taken these kids that they're
separating actively right now Nielsen
said today about above the 12,000 in
custody 2000 they've actually taken
right 2,500 where around there they're
putting these facilities that were
designed for unaccompanied minors but
those tend to be children at the
youngest 10 to 18 because they're being
sent so low no one's sending a two year
old or four year old or six year old by
themselves so now of a sudden there's a
new population that Orr has to look
after these are kids zero to ten right
do we know where they are and who's
caring for them no I think there is no
coordination amongst the many different
agencies and we've been trying to get
this information I think I might have
said on the show with you that the women
that I met with were given slips of
paper that said this is your name these
are your children and one woman said to
me these are not my children so it is
very clear that the agencies are not
able to coordinate this there is no real
understanding of which parent goes with
which children where the children are
and in my experience the hundred and
seventy four women that I talked to not
a single one of them had actually been
able to say goodbye to their children
and only two out of the hundred and
seventy four knew where their children
were so June 30th and you're planning a
mobilization you and others who are
opposed to this June 30th 11:00 a.m. if
they have families belong together as a
website what is the end game here the
end game is really to say this is about
Trump look he would love to make this
about and you could just quoted him you
know about Democrats he would love to
make this about legislation that has to
be passed he would love to make this
about both sides as Melania Trump said
it is not it is about Donald Trump
reversing this policy so the end game is
Donald Trump reversed this policy
stopped the zero tolerance reunite these
kids with their parents and let's get
asylum hearings for all of these folks
let's get credible fear hearings go I
mean the White House could do that
tonight
right now they could Jack we're doing it
they were doing it as recently as
February they were doing it just clear
that's right and they have consistently
you know I think they've gone back and
forth is this policy of policy no it's
not a policy they they just tell lies
all the time on this particular issue
but I do think that they understand that
the only way they win is if they divert
the focus if they divert the focus to a
broader question of immigration issues
legislation those things then they start
to win but if we keep the focus on this
which is a policy of the Trump
administration and we say you can
reverse it right now and the outrage of
the American people including
Republicans like Laura Bush come forward
he can change it right this moment June
30th national mobilization families
belong together we're gonna be covering
that thank you make some time
congressman thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to
but the videos we're putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
