by Wisconsin Democratic senator Tammy
Baldwin Center a couple of things it
seems like the difference between the
two parties and there is a difference is
they they want to treat people to come
across the border even though his
refugees as criminals they want to put
him on trial separate from the kids and
treat them like they just stole a car or
something like regular criminals that's
how they treat them not as people
seeking a better life I think Democrats
have a more nuanced view of people
coming into this country for a better
life and especially those trying to
escape hell on earth where they came
exactly exactly and think about the fact
that many many of them are the murder
capital of the world is one of the
places where people are fleeing to come
to our I want Amala yes and you know
where when small children risk losing
their lives an unheard of violence you
can understand why people take this
dangerous dangerous trek but that
doesn't mean at the other end they
should be met with this what would you
do if you can write the law and parents
to cross the border without
authorization
bringing children with them what should
we do keep them together and that is Oh
put them on trial so don't put them in
jail wait if they're coming here for
asylum or for you know refugee status
there is a hearing that will take place
for them to be able to present evidence
that they ought to be asylees and come
into our country so we can stay with
them in that situation absolutely they
should I mean it's just any humane that
they don't I agree with those who've
saying that the children are being used
as pawns pawns for a wall pawns for
whatever the president is seeking and
this isn't the first time I mean think
about that was happening with the jury's
out would you here so thinks he could
get the wall by using his kids as like
kidnap ease like holding on will give
these kids here until you agree to put a
wall up you know certainly he's behaved
like that before in the DREAM Act
context and even if you think about
using children as pawns think about the
chip legislation that was held up long
for children's health yes but in a
larger budget debate where he was
fighting for his wall this is something
that the president
president alone needs to change he can
do it tonight if he's listening well
meanwhile homeland security secretary
Kirsten uh Kirsten Nelson said this
today there has been much outcry
consternation and frankly misinformation
for many in the press in Congress and
advocacy groups over the last few weeks
that we at DHS are intentionally doing
things that are unhu' manatorian
that are cruel immoral and disgraceful
we aren't doing none of those things we
are enforcing the laws passed by
Congress it is important to note that
these minors are very well taken care of
don't believe the press they are very
well taken care of I'm joined now by
Texas Democratic congressman Joaquin
Castro this afternoon he visited two
facilities down at Brownsville Texas
where some of the children being held I
don't think it's a press versus the
president right now I think it's those
cries from those kids they want their
daddy their Pappy congressman oh that's
right Chris and we had an opportunity
today to see the youngest victims of
Donald Trump's brutal policy of
separating young kids from their
families we saw what was called an
infant room and one of the young infants
in that room was eight months old his
name was Roger
and he'd been separated from his family
for over a month and there was another
girl that was about a year old and she'd
been separated from her parents also and
these kids their parents are nowhere to
be found and it was astonishing to
listen to the Secretary of Homeland
Security basically deny reality if you
watched her today she looked like a
zombie denying reality on behalf of the
president this is a brutal policy and it
has to stop
what she said two different things which
clashed into each other one was this is
policy we want to get tough this is zero
tolerance the other one was oh if you
want to change this to it's up to
Congress we'd like you to do that I mean
she wants you to change the policies
just invested in it doesn't make logical
sense whatever your emotions are in this
thing
the president has the absolute ability
instantaneously to stop separating
families so he has the ability to do
this on his own he is using this as
leverage basically maybe basically
engaging in state-sponsored child abuse
to use that as leverage to get Democrats
and others in Congress to vote for a
border wall he's treating these kids and
and behaving as though this is some kind
of real estate deal
where you put pressure on the other
person by raising rents or negotiating
over square footage or something and
he's doing that with the lives of kids
let me ask you about something Jacob
Soboroff just reported to us that
apparently they're letting the press see
the older boys but not the younger boys
or any of the young women and the girls
are you able to ask the seat as a member
of Congress can you ask to see how
they're treating the young young boys
and how they're treating the girls are
you able to get through what they don't
let the press see oh we did and at one
of the facilities we did see some young
girls but to be honest their answer was
still not very clear as to where all
those girls are now that said there are
many contractors this facility was run
by Southwest keys there are many
contractors that do this and there are
many facilities so it's also possible
that many of the girls were not at these
two facilities sounds unlike hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
