time for my favorite part of the show
money power politics president Trump's
announcement of twenty five percent
tariffs on fifty billion bucks worth of
industrial significant technology has
set up a major trade war potentially
with China in an almost immediate
response Beijing hit back with thirty
four billion dollars worth of tariffs
that will take effect July sixth on
agriculture products automobiles and
aquatic products according to the New
York Times editorial board Chinese
tariffs are already weighing on Trump
voters across the country one state in
particular that could be hit hard is one
that's been on a comeback Ohio the
tariffs could slash income for Ohio
farmers by more than half
this comes as Ohio's private sector jobs
and this is admirable are growing forty
eight percent faster and wages are
growing twenty five percent faster than
the rest of the country Republican
Governor of Ohio John Kasich joins me
now governor these Ohio numbers are
great what are you doing and how do you
replicate this across the country
well Stephanie it's look we we've
reduced the taxes in the in the state we
don't tax small business with income
taxes we balance our budgets and that's
not easy to do you can see in Washington
where they're up to twenty one trillion
in death and growing a trillion a year
you know you've got to be able to be
strong and tough and say no there's our
priorities we have to stick to them we
can't go in the hole and in the good
news about it is that we in the process
of doing that we made sure we had
priorities that are not always as usual
for people who were in power which is to
make sure you take care of those who are
disabled the minority community so it's
been it's been a really nice thing we're
up five hundred five hundred twenty
thousand jobs when I came in we were
down three hundred and fifty thousand so
it's been a remarkable turnaround so
it's to do the things that you need to
do but to make sure that the prosperity
can affect everybody across the board
and so we got to keep you know just have
to keep working at this but it's it's
exciting because Stephanie when people
have work it helps their families it
helps them we think about opiate crisis
things like that when people lose hope
when they're depressed when they're down
you know crazy things can happen so
we're
please with what's happening but we
still you know got to run through the
tape when people have worked they have
pride are you worried about losing that
momentum if these Chinese tariffs are
imposed researchers predict it's gonna
result in a 59 percent loss of net
annual income from a typical farmer and
that's about two hundred and forty-one
million bucks for your state how can
Ohio brace for the potential of these
tariffs six is around the corner
Stephanie here's the thing and the issue
of trade has been a debate for a long
time and Republicans have traditionally
been for free trade Democrats have
traditionally not been they've been more
protectionist oriented I think what we
find out however is when we can have
fair trade and free trade consumers
benefit they get better products at
lower prices secondly something people
don't pay attention to there's 40
million Americans who are in trade
related jobs right now and most of the
export business is with small and medium
sized companies so the trade can result
in innovation lower prices better
quality the Chinese by the way have been
I think tremendous violators of the
rules but I'm more concerned and look
I'm not opposed to being in a tough
situation with the Chinese but what I
don't understand is why we're fighting
with all of our friends we fight with
the Canadians that's our biggest trading
partner in Ohio we fight with the Mex
with Mexico we're fighting with nations
in Europe who are our allies and frankly
Stephanie this is and it's not even
being done on the issue of unfair trade
it's being done on the issue of national
security
it's a flimsy argument and I don't know
anybody that agrees with it but this is
the seminal point in our nation now as
to whether we're going to close the
doors you could say I don't know anybody
who agrees with it but the President
does I don't hear much from Mitch
McConnell I don't hear much from Paul
Ryan what do you Republican for little
sisters say to you because Ohio when
when you talk about Canada Ohio's sent
nearly two billion bucks worth of goods
to Canada in 2017 and you've got there
and the president says I'm doing this
for the dairy farmers
if dairy is the issue
if the president would have stayed in
TPP Canada was already willing to say
forget the dairy tariffs yeah I I I was
working with President Obama to see what
we could do to stay in the Pacific trade
agreement where we've lost a lot of
leverage a lot of ability to grow our
economy and it's it's put us in a bad
position visa V China and these people
out in Asia these nations out in Asia
that wanted us to participate but
Stephanie look there's a disease now in
American politics it's a serious disease
which is I hope it's not fatal it's like
everybody just is worried about the next
election so the Republicans are like
well we can't deal with daca or we can't
deal with the border and we can't deal
with trade and do anything to say that
the president is incorrect on this
because it might deflate our base look
Democrats have done the same thing there
is a disease in politics today and it is
the disease of it's all about me it's
all about me staying in power oh but how
does a trade-serve president Trump's
base well the base is saying that you
know we're getting ripped off around the
world and it's it's it's a demagogue
statement you know we're we're losing
you know everybody's taking advantage of
us woe is us see what I tend to think is
when you are the strongest the the most
powerful the wealthiest then you have
broad shoulders
you don't shrink away and you know whine
and blame you know come on that's not my
country that is not what America's been
we've been willing to do a lot of things
to help people around the world that's
why what we're seeing happening on our
border with with taking children from
their parents I mean everybody's talking
about it we've been concerned about daca
and immigration for a long time you know
think about this you think about the
fact that in our country children young
children are being separated from their
mothers and fathers could you imagine
the terrifying effect on these kids I
can't and I was reading last night about
they're putting these kids in something
called them cages I read somewhere I
mean are you kidding me this is America
that a family
use party because that's what
conservatives say they are I would think
they would oppose this so help me
understand this border policy and we're
living at a time when Republicans
control the Senate they control the
house and they control company look this
is where you and I and I think you're
terrific where you and I part when the
Democrat a government shutdown I believe
that the Democrats in Chuck Schumer
abandoned daca they were not willing to
make the fight this is both parties
don't you see what's happening if you're
a Democrat then you're against
everything the Republicans are doing if
you're Republican you're against
everything the Democrats are doing I got
a play to my base you know if you're a
Democrat today if you don't play to the
left wing base then you can't be
approved by Bernie Sanders look it's not
just Republicans it's the whole darn
mess then am i frustrated with
Republicans but the fact that they're
not standing up of course I am I've been
I've been saluting these congressmen who
were willing to have a discharge
petition to break loose a vote on daca I
don't even know where that stands right
now it seems so confusing to me stand up
be for something in life that's why
people are frustrated and losing hope in
institutions across the board in our
country Stephanie this is serious for
your kids and my kids then governor I
guess what I don't understand I don't
have broad shoulders but I do my
homework and whether it's Chuck Schumer
and Nancy Pelosi not showing up to the
White House and and addressing this with
the President or the president putting
forward inhumane policies whether you're
talking about the far left base or the
far right base is this not a moment for
the center to rise because this
immigration policy serves absolutely no
one if you're a black American who lost
his job living in the state of Ohio
locking up immigrant children ain't
gonna bring your job back putting down
money towards a workforce development
program like you know look you have
Laura Bush who has penned the very
emotional op-ed piece I'm told in the
Washington Post saying that you know
that she lives in a border state this is
not our values
system but let me give you another one
that's jumping out now at me that's
driving me crazy
please and that is there may be an
assault on this idea that if you have a
pre-existing condition you're not going
to be protected on health care that we
could walk away from that
III gotta tell you I'm stunned Stephanie
and what I have seen happening in this
country over the last several years but
it just didn't start with Trump it's
been going on for a long time the
erosion and confidence and our basic
institutions so how do we fix it you and
I have to fix it your spouse my spouse
our friends the people we work around we
got to start standing for something and
not just going along with the crowd and
that doesn't mean we're gonna be perfect
that doesn't mean that we're gonna be
mean it just means that we're going to
say there are certain things that are
right and wrong and I just don't see
enough of it but I'm not going to lose
faith because I know that right and
wrong is written on our hearts we just
have to carry through with it when we
see it then what are you gonna do about
it you say you and I have to do
something I'm not running for president
are you oh I don't know Stephanie you
know that I mean I've only been asked
that question is only the first time
I've been asked this question what I'm
doing look what I'm doing
here's I'm being the best leader I can
be as the governor of Ohio I'm being the
best person I can be in terms of having
a voice and speaking out and I you know
I was just on vacation and I went places
that were I was out of the country took
my family out of the country took my
daughter's 18 year old twins to Italy
with my wife and I in Croatia and
everywhere I went even in those
countries people were saying you keep it
up you keep speaking out so I'm doing
what I can do but I'm just one guy I'm
gonna do what I can do and see if I can
make it contagious with others and that
doesn't mean I get it right all the time
look we're all failures okay it's just
that we have good days and bad days I
want to have more good than bad that is
a very good point we're all failures who
we have good days and bad let's try to
have more good
I really like that one I want to ask you
about North Korea because the president
claims that's a good day that's his best
day I struggle with finding where
exactly that is while he was the one
person who did sit down with Kim jong-un
it's because he was the one person who
was willing to do it what's your thought
on it well look it's better that they're
talking than not it seems to have
lowered the threshold but there is no
room for praising this leader of North
Korea he is a vicious brutal operator
you know they they absolutely were
involved in the death of Ottawa beer
from Cincinnati and God bless hurt his
parents and he lost his life there's
about a hundred thousand people in the
gulags in North Korea
you don't talk about the fact that guy
loved this country or that he's some
kind of a good guy he is a he is no good
he is a bum and I you know all I can say
is we don't want to hold people up like
him and and and say that somehow he's
got he's got value well maybe he can get
some redeeming value maybe we ought to
all pray for him but right now he is he
is the force of evil in that country
then you know a lot of the same thing
can be said for Vladimir Putin the same
kind of thing that man has been engaged
in activities that have been that have
caused in my judgment from what I've
read the loss of life that he's been
able to approve we don't hold people
like that up there demagogues they're
bad news
they're not for the people and the
people suffer under them so talk to them
negotiate with them fine but none of
this praising or raising them up but
they love their country or their you
know what a great leader and all that
terrible leaders terrible hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
