the facility itself where these young
people many of them children 10 11 12
years old are being held how many
windows are there inside how many
windows are there Mike is that was that
a question yeah zero
do they eat at the same time three times
a day breakfast lunch and dinner
they eat three meals a day but they eat
on rotation is it the menu is it a menu
or a specific no no no it's just that I
mean they were given when I was in there
I'd it was it was chickpeas a chicken
some vegetables a thing of the jello and
you know it wasn't like a school
cafeteria they have a limited amount of
clothes they can wear you know go to the
showers on a designated time they do go
to school for six hours a day during the
week but everything is very structured
that the calls going in the calls coming
out you know is determined not by them
it's you know it's incarceration Jacob
Soboroff speaking with us last week with
his reporting on a detention center in
Texas Jacob got one of the first looks
inside a facility housing over a
thousand kids who came to the country
without documentation now Jacob just
finished a rare tour of the Border
Patrol's processing center where more
child migrants separations happen than
anywhere else and Jacob joins us now
from McAllen Texas with that story Jacob
what did you see
hey mica so this is actually the first
stop and and DHS official told me it is
the epicenter of family separations
along the southern border it's the
McAllen Border Patrol processing center
and inside there more people are
actually separated children from their
parents than anywhere else along the
entire southern border nobody had been
able to get inside until yesterday and
we did take a look
when in there stay in this facility are
they separated from their children yes
when they when they facing the cameras
and opening his doors for the first time
Rio Grande Valley sector Border Patrol
chief Manuel Padilla doubled down on the
Trump administration zero-tolerance
policy of prosecuting anyone who enters
the US illegally but he didn't say it
was designed to separate parents from
children can you describe the separation
process chief how does it happen
there is no separation process as they
go through the judicial process they are
temporarily separated he told us here
alone 1174 kids were taken from their
parents since the policy was enacted
that's more than anywhere else on the
border and it happens inside this
building the facility serves as an
intake for the busiest sector of the
southern border the biggest of its kind
in the country we were invited to see it
with our own eyes but not with our own
cameras all we can show you is photos
provided to us by the Border Patrol
migrants were kept behind chain-link
fences wrapped in mylar blankets the
same kind used by marathon runners and
huddled on mattresses on the floor when
we walked in the door to the
seventy-seven thousand square foot
processing center 1129 migrants were
detained inside five hundred and twenty
five family members a hundred and ninety
seven on the company minors and the rest
adults on their own
inside migrants are sorted based on age
gender and family status into four pods
that's what the Border Patrol calls them
one for girls 17 and under another for
boys 17 and under and then there are the
families moms with kids and dads with
kids another one of those mothers with
her child captured in these
heartbreaking photos going viral over
the weekend they show a two-year-old
girl crying as a u.s. Border Patrol
officer detains her mother the Border
Patrol pushing back this morning
insisting no family separations are
taking place in the field but images
like these are only adding to the
contentious debate about u.s.
immigration policy
so let's just be really clear there's
been some talk some conversation that
there are no cages people aren't kept in
cages people are kept in cages inside
this facility and I saw with my own eyes
you guys saw it in those handout photos
from CBP and the Department of Homeland
Security and increasingly the children
that are kept in those cages are being
separated from their parents under this
policy that is a manufactured crisis by
the Trump administration not only is it
affecting the children the agents inside
this facility the deputy agent charge
told me is creating a stress on the
system the agents are stressed and there
are only four licensed social care
workers in this entire facility at least
there were yesterday to deal with all of
the children who might need it so if a
parent is taken away and you have a
two-year-old child that's there by
themselves which is an example actually
pointed out to a Border Patrol agent and
ask them what happens that kid if that
kid's parent is taken away you only got
four social workers they could come in
and do simple things like change diapers
Border Patrol agents don't change
diapers and with the separations
increasing this is only gonna get more
tenuous guys incredibly tenuous I was
gonna ask you about that because the
changing of diapers to three-year-old
children what is what is the policy in
terms of touching handling these young
children these really young children
sometimes for comfort sometimes for
changing the diaper what's the policy
what I what I was told Mike by the
Department of Health and Human Services
at the facility I joined you guys from
last week which is the second step right
so the kids would leave here if they're
separated from their parents and go to
one of those facilities the interaction
is limited because of laws designed to
protect children from sexual assault
they're actually prison rape laws which
you know when they say these aren't
prisons I mean if you're if you're
operating under the same laws that are
intended to protect children from sexual
assault in prisons then what do you call
these places so I don't know if that
same laws put into place you know the
same policies were put into place here
but you would have to assume so if the
Border Patrol agents told me they can't
do simple
things like change a diaper Rick Jacob I
wonder about the people work in these
facilities you know I mean they're human
beings I'm sure many of them are trying
to do the best they can we ever talk to
any of them and about what they think is
actually going on in these facilities
and how its unsustainable yeah actually
I mean the chief of the Border Patrol
sector Manuel Padilla told me that
they're not as a hundred percent yet
because it's it's too chaotic they can't
actually manage the volume of people
that are coming in so that obviously
directly affects the Border Patrol
agents one of the things that they told
me yesterday was that there are they're
literally not enough agents to process
people that are going off to be
separated from their children so there
are these virtual stations which is
really strange that you see migrants sit
down in front of computers and talk to
agents in the El Centro sector or in
Corpus Christi or in other locations
that are remote from here and that's how
they're finding out they're processing
orders whether or not they're gonna get
separated for from their children so
it's almost like you're an agent sitting
in a remote location away from here and
you're separating people from their kids
I can't I can't imagine what it does to
the divet to the agents much less the
people who are separated Elise I'm gonna
let you jump in and go to Jacob but this
is just a little bit of a glimpse into
what Jacob is talking about Texas
Monthly has this description from the
executive director of a nonprofit which
focuses on helping immigrant women and
children I was talking to one mother and
she said don't take my child away the
child started screaming and vomiting and
crying hysterically and she asked the
officers can I at least have five
minutes to console her and they said no
Jacob I you are doing such incredible
reporting on the ground telling the
truth about this human tragedy I just
want to go back to what you said about
the young children about and about the
touching and the holding of these scared
young children and babies who need their
diapers changed they're simply it sounds
like they're simply not enough workers
to human
take care of the needs of little ones
who we are essentially putting in prison
I mean this is tantamount to child abuse
at least it makes you sick honestly I I
have it to a two and a half year old son
myself and you see children better that
are sitting there and it just it's you
cannot fathom what these little kids are
going through and what's going through
their little brains and what it means
for them for the rest of their lives and
you know again what these facilities are
not new they were here during previous
administrations there were controversies
inside them during previous
administrations but the act of
separating children from their parents
as a systematic policy is a direct
result of something that Donald Trump
wants to have happen in this country
right now and it's just not true when
anybody from this administration says
otherwise
yep Jacob Soboroff it's worth repeating
thank you many aunts worth repeating
many times that there is a campaign to
twist the truth this was a policy of
course that the Attorney General
announced himself in April and we've
been rolling that soundbite the
president is behind this policy it is
his policy thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
