all right joining us now from Washington
DC with a look at axiom editor in chief
for Axios Nicholas Johnson Nicholas
we're gonna give you a chance to give us
two big things today one is yours and
the other we're gonna tell you about
apparently two your birthday happy
birthday thank you I can't believe axis
made you work on your birthday I know so
tell us what is the one big thing for us
this morning yeah the one big thing this
morning is the increasing pressure
that's growing on President Trump to
deal with a situation with children at
the border and it's coming from not
Democrats but Republicans we saw over
the weekend from former first lady Laura
Bush in that extraordinary op-ed calling
the policies cruel and Melania Trump
tough current first lady who rarely
raised in on policy outside of her
anti-bullying campaign also said it was
something that she opposed and we're
being told this morning that when
President Trump meets with House
Republicans tomorrow he'll be confronted
by them over the issue that they this is
something that has become a media
firestorm and actually needs to be taken
what is Axios hearing in terms of how
the president views this massive focus
that has been sort of made on his
administration's policies yeah so we
know this president is an avid consumer
of media both in newspapers and on cable
television and the increasing coverage
of this is probably something certainly
that he is seeing and he is something
who likes to Kay ahead of these kinds of
stories and can be driven by that and
also remember when there's pictures of
children of Syria involved in the
chemical attack it was those images of
those children is what compelled the
president to launch missile strikes
which changed the policy on that so it
could be that the media firestorm
surrounding this could nudge the
president Yaniv Anki even commented
about those chemical weapons attacks
with my children hasn't yet commented on
this debate surrounding this let me ask
you how could this intense debate Nick
on immigration actually have an impact
on the upcoming midterm elections is it
likely to be a factor or an issue for
voters I mean I think if this problem is
installed by then absolutely why our
polling that we've done immigration
hasn't been a big thing I kind of
slipped to the backburner but you know
there's a long time until the election
and a lot of issues can come up and this
is at the forefront of voters Minds
right let's hope they're able to figure
something out before November yeah for
the sake of the kids
axis is also reporting nakhon an
interesting conversation between two
administration officials it seems take
us inside when the president goes
off-script what are we learning right
the example we have here is when the
president with an infrastructure event a
couple of months ago he had one line
that wasn't in the script saying that he
was going to pull out of Syria very soon
withdrawing all US forces from that area
we have reporting from inside the West
Wing chief of staff general Kelly and
one of his deputies were watching the
speech talking to each other and they
said he promised Kelly said that Trump
had promised him he wouldn't go off
script and announced any kind of Syria
policy and of course a couple minutes
later that's just what he did so what is
this exchange show us in terms of the
task that people like John Kelly and
other White House employees face on a
daily basis in trying to keep the
President on message not just in those
big speeches policy speeches but even
things like Twitter and social media
yeah absolutely I mean the best ones and
then white when the West Wing are the
ones that roll with the punches
realizing that the president sets his
own message set his own agenda he
decides what he wants to say when he
wants to say it and aides had to be
ready to turn on a dime and implement
those changes all right Nicholas Johnson
live for us in Washington DC I hope you
get a birthday drink at some point in
the day there we're gonna be reading
access to him in just a little bit in to
all of our viewers out there you too can
sign up for the newsletter by going to
sign up access com hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
