course on the back to the backdrop of
all of this is this khashoggi story it
couldn't come at a worse time for Donald
Trump you have Rand Paul talking about
the need to cut off all military funding
to Saudi Arabia Lindsey Graham others
being very outspoken and the news coming
out we're not surprised that at the end
of the day Donald Trump is willing to
trade u.s. foreign policy and American
values for cold hard cash at his hotels
and his resorts we had heard stories
that other people had been abandoning
some of trumps properties but the Saudis
are still reliable customers and there's
Donald Trump during the campaign saying
I love them they give me 4050 million
dollars it's just like Don junior back
in what 2009-2010 saying we love the
Russians we get most of our money from
them yeah for all the circus of Kanye
West in the Oval Office yesterday to me
the most striking comment came from the
president in the Oval Office when he
talked about khashoggi and he wondered
as we heard in that clip is he actually
a citizen he's not even an American
citizen he is a legal resident by the
way but his defense his explanation for
not wanting to act on this now anyway
was that 110 billion dollar arms deal
and the president's talking about a man
who's credibly been accused of having
been abducted murdered and dismembered
said what am I going to do give up that
a 110 billion dollar deal so Russia can
get the money so China can get the money
and they make the deal with Saudi Arabia
it all comes down to money with him but
we're talking about a Washington Post
reporter who was a legal resident of the
United States of America in Virginia and
of course the reports are and they're
still just reports but most people
believe mica that he was lured to the
embassy on a plot that the leader of
Saudi Arabia knew about NBS and then he
was killed and he was dismembered and
Donald Trump's response hey we get a lot
of money from him any wasn't us so there
there there are Trump's values not
American values those are Donald Trump's
values and one more thing for voters to
think about as they go to the polls this
this fall
Saudi sheiks
their cash and their oil Trump's
American values well there is no wrong
with that the disappearance of
Washington Post columnist Jamal
khashoggi he walked into the Saudi
Arabian consulate in Turkey on October
2nd and hasn't been seen since according
to the post the Turkish government has
told US officials that it has audio and
video recordings that prove khashoggi
was interrogated tortured murdered and
dismembered the post also reports that
Turkish officials are hesitant to
release those recordings due to the
fears they could reveal how Ankara spies
on foreign entities NBC News has not
been able to independently confirm the
reports and Saudi Arabia claims
Khashoggi left the consulate soon after
entering and denies a role in his
disappearance as Willy mentioned in an
interview yesterday President Trump
expressed concern that can show he may
have been killed during a visit visit to
the Saudi consulate in Turkey but went
on to praise US relations with Saudi
Arabia as quote excellent and insisted
that any potential consequences for the
disappearance of the us-based
journalists would not be economic there
are certainly other ways of handling the
situation but I will tell you upfront
right now and I'll say it in front of
senators they're spending a hundred and
ten billion dollars purchasing military
equipment and other things if we don't
sell it to them they'll say well thank
you very much we'll buy it from Russia
or thank you very much we'll buy it from
China there are other things we can do
let's find out what the problem is first
okay
I oppose I would not be in favor of
stopping a country from spending a
hundred and ten billion dollars which is
an all-time record first I want to find
out what happened and we're looking
again just a place in Turkey and to the
best of our knowledge khashoggi is not a
United States citizen is that right it's
a permanent resident okay we don't like
it John
we don't like it and we don't like it
even a little bit but as to whether or
not we should stop a hundred and ten
billion dollars from being spent in this
country knowing they have four or five
alternatives two very good alternatives
that would not be acceptable to me
for what it's worth the Washington Post
notes that the president claimed about
Saudi Arabia making 110 billion dollars
in arms purchases which he has been
making since the spring of 2017 is false
the post notes that most of the publicly
announced items from a summit in 2017
had been previously announced by the
Obama administration and there appeared
to be few if any signed contracts rather
many of the announcements were
memorandums of intent a year and a half
later they conclude that the 110 billion
dollar figure is not real and unlikely
to come to fruition and even if it did
it represents sales far into the future
tchau another lie of course but where
were used to that and you know Gene
Robinson were even used to Donald Trump
selling out America and and undermining
America's values and selling out his
soul and his administration soul for
cold hard cash
and here he's talking it's a smokescreen
really where he's talking about it's
just like with Vladimir Putin he defends
Vladimir Putin and has since December of
2015 on this show and he did it because
of the Russians as Don jr. said that's
where they get a lot of their money from
Russia and he's been wanting to build
Trump Towers and Russia were ever here
it's about money for Donald Trump to
he's willing to hock American values
allow a Washington Post colleague one
columnist one of your colleagues to be
to be to be chopped up and and he said
we're not gonna do anything about that
and and this sadly it's not shocking
because this is who Donald Trump is to
his core
that was a grotesque performance in in
the White House yesterday and and and
just explicitly equating you know well
on the one hand this awful the
unspeakable thing happened and they did
it on the other hand gee they give us a
lot of money and what he's really
thinking is they give me a lot of money
there's a lot of money at his hotels he
Beebe's looking toward the day when at
some point he's is no longer president
and and i he certainly hopes to cash in
unit to he's an even greater extent on
this relationship if somebody else want
to be mentioned in this whole thing
which is Jared Kushner who has led the
administration in establishing this very
close unquestioning relationship with
Mohammed bin Salman going all in on the
Saudis as our new best buddies in the
Middle East who have all the who have
the right solutions to that intractable
problem intractable problem he's gotten
the administration's got nothing out of
it they were supposed to get all these a
bit you know better relationships with
Israel they haven't gotten that they
haven't gotten any sort of peace
dividend it's it's it's I don't
understand gene it's not amateur hour
they weren't looking for that in the
first place you're right they're lucky
they're looking now they're looking for
funding for their projects whether it's
hotel
whether it's cushion or properties
whether it's Trump properties we have
said this from the beginning I can't
repeat this enough this and Donald Trump
did not expect to be elected president
he is using his position to leverage it
as much as he can to make as much cash
so Jane that's why it's not amateur hour
they don't give a damn about how much
money America
damn about how much Trump gets how much
the Kushner family gets and the Saudis
like the Russians great customers and
they're getting the pay time they're
getting that pay off they're getting
that pay off and and later for the
country and later for Human Rights and
unfortunately what was done to Jamarcus
yogi is just it's just unbelievable the
it's it's certainly cast a pall over our
offices and and made me very sad for the
cut for this country sad for the country
kETK it raises some questions that we
have to answer and that is with
something like this known as widespread
as it was reportedly known throughout
the Intel community what Donald Trump
know about the NBS plot when did he know
it
why did Jared Kushner know about the NBS
plot when did he know it why did the D
and I know about the NBS plot you know
why did they do about it who did when
did they know it who did they tell at
the White House the FBI the CIA all of
these Intel agencies what did they know
and when did they inform the White House
that an American who that an American a
resident who's applying for a green card
who was a columnist at The Washington
Post was being set up and they had a
legal duty based on a 2015 law to warn
him yes missus have to be answered don't
they yes and the president has not
answered them the Washington Post
reporting is that the Intel community
had these intercepts that showed that it
was Mohammed bin Salman himself who
wanted to have khashoggi lured back to
Saudi Arabia in order to detain him the
president initially said he knew nothing
about it that seems implausible given
that this was widely distributed amongst
all of those bits of the intelligence
services that deal with Saudi Arabia
certainly to the national security team
in the White House as well and did they
have a duty to warn Khashoggi there that
is something of a gray area because it's
not clear whether the intelligence that
the US had showed that actually Mohammed
bin Salman was planning to harm
khashoggi if they knew that you they
were going to harm him yes they had a
duty to
but if they thought they were just going
to bring him back and arrest him they
could fudge it and say no we didn't have
a duty to actually pass that information
on
I do think this is about more than this
man this is about more than human rights
this is about more even than the freedom
of the press this really is about what
role America wants to have in the world
right now what kind of leadership
America has around the world because are
we a country that is America a country
that is working totally transactionally
and has no interest in propagating human
rights democracy rule of law good
governance the role that America has had
for the last 70 years and in many ways
this coggan case obscure that it might
seem is a real test of what America's
leadership is going to be in the role in
the world right now because other
countries are watching other
authoritarian countries are watching and
they're thinking if American get away
with this if America is going to turn a
blind eye to this kind of behavior we
can act with impunity so why has
President Trump in soft-pedaling his
criticism of Saudi Arabia so far will
consider this president Trump's ties to
Saudi Arabia go well beyond the Oval
Office with his businesses having
connection to the country and with
leaders there as far back as the 90s
according to the Washington Post Trump
and his companies have conducted various
deals with the Saudi government and
business executives from that country
over the years the post says one example
includes 1991 when Trump was nearly 900
billion dollars in debt from failed
casino projects and he sold his 281 foot
yacht to Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal
for twenty million dollars the paper
says a few years later the Prince bought
a stake in Trump's Plaza Hotel by
agreeing to pay off some of trumps debts
on the property most goes on to report
that businesses from Saudi connected
customers continued to be vital after
Trump won the presidency including Saudi
lobbyists who spent two hundred seventy
thousand dollars last year to reserve
rooms at Trump's Hotel in Washington the
paper adds that just this year Trump's
hotels in New York and Chicago have
reported significant upticks in bookings
from Saudi visitors the president has
not been shy about his affinity for
Saudi Arabia bragging at a 2015 rally
about his businesses with that country
Saudi Arabia and I get along great with
all of them they buy apartments from
they spend 40 million 50 million am I
supposed to dislike him I like him very
much so Rick Stengel there are a lot of
Cross parents here in the relationship
with Saudi Arabia arms sales we have the
war in Yemen which we haven't talked
about much yet you have Jared working
with NBS on Middle East peace
and creating a cozy relationship with
him bob Corker said something yesterday
that kind of got buried he said he's
picked up as the chair of the Foreign
Relations Committee a quote sense of
arrogance from Saudi leaders in the way
they deal with lawmakers as if to say
all we have to do is go to Donald Trump
by the way let me just say first really
is he the worst negotiator in history he
takes the biggest thing off the table
before you even negotiates with the
Saudis which is the arms sales is that
good negotiating if you're a good
negotiator you say well we'll have to
look at our arms sales and we'll know
they're very high and we know we're the
best
arms dealer and they don't want to buy
it from anybody else no Trump takes it
off the table he's a terrible negotiator
secondly as I think I mentioned I met
with Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh at
midnight for two hours in the early 2016
he's a very compelling figure I
understand why he and Jared get along
they're both princes you know the Saudis
understand that the son-in-law also
rises in American politics they can deal
with that but the problem is he's a very
mixed bag yes as he told me in that
meeting I'm gonna let women drive I'm
gonna let people go to the cinema but
he's also doing this indiscriminate
bombing in Yemen which is a humanitarian
disaster he brought all of his fellow
Prince's to the ritz-carlton without due
process and extorted money from them he
he doesn't understand how to operate in
the modern world there's good and bad a
more traditional American administration
would go look and BS you know we like
this we don't like that if you do more
of this you can have a better
relationship with us but with with Jared
and with Trump it's just completely an
open door if you're spending with us you
can do anything with impunity and the
fact that they are not outraged about an
American resident being killed in a
Saudi consulate it's just really
extraordinary it really crosses a red
line so Rick why do you suspect he's
playing dumb because we already know
from published reports that US
intelligence intercepted communications
of Saudis talking about abduct
khashoggi US intelligence knows that the
Saudi government was out to get this
Washington Post column that what is he
up to here well if that's the case and
let's presume that it is I mean I think
he's looking to not have culpability I
mean why don't you know what what is the
first job of the president the United
States to protect American citizens in
American residence and they and he let
everybody down and the fact that they
might have known this advance and not in
advance and not warn the Saudis not
called Mohammed bin Salman what's the
use of having a personal relationship
with someone if you don't say hey dude
you can't do this well and and Malaysian
ship we have found Jeremy Peters is one
sided I mean it says the Saudis get
whatever the Saudis want to get all they
have to do is flash a picture of Donald
Trump up on a building when he comes to
visit and you know NBS is nice to Jared
Kushner and they basically get free rein
bob Corker yesterday talking about how
arrogant the Saudis are how arrogant
their leadership is towards elected
members of Congress there's a great way
to fix that isn't there it defunded the
Saudis they've got the checkbook Donald
Trump can't sell them weapons unless the
Congress says he can sell them weapons
right and again this is another test of
leadership for a president who has time
and time again aligned himself with
leaders across the country who do not
represent do not care for the moral
values that America has long projected
to the world from the Philippines to
Russia to Saudi Arabia look at the types
of people that president Trump has
embraced and and this you know I'd like
to say that I'm surprised by this but
given his history here no not at all I
think you know I spoke with a lot of
people yesterday you don't really have
to look very far in Washington to find
people who do business with the Saudis
here and there's this real sense of how
small this was like how weak what the
weakness it projects to go after an
enemy a journalist and have him killed
in this grotesque way like it's an
episode of the Americans or something
but it's really struck a nerve
here in Washington and I even heard one
person who does business with the Saudis
say yesterday you know the next time I
may just donate their next check to a
charity because I it's just it's it's so
disgusting and beyond the pale what's
happened here well you know Andrew Ross
Sorkin said he wasn't going to be going
to a Riyadh conference I had some very
good move other American reporters
should do that I I you know it's
interesting I got a call from somebody
who grew up in Washington DC as his
entrenched in Washington DC as anybody
and it was it was sort of like what
David Ignatius was saying about the
Russians and the column last week
talking about how bush-league Putin's
moves have been how that while tragic
they were so easily picked up by other
Intel services and it makes him look
like fools
Mickey yesterday I had somebody who was
you know raised in the diplomatic corps
knows Washington is well or better than
anybody else and about one o'clock he
calls we said Joe what am I missing
I said what do you mean what are you
missing he goes I've been here for over
five decades this is the stupidest thing
I've ever heard there has to be another
layer to this story yeah how could
anybody be so stupid so bush-league to
do this right and think they could get
away with it well you know you know how
they get away with it mica they have a
guy we have a president who doesn't give
a damn about what's in the best interest
of this country and our values he cares
about the bottom line it's very
interesting Jeremy talked about three
countries where we've turned the other
way on on American values and and and
diplomatic norms he brought up the
Philippines Russia Saudi Arabia guess
what there's a drum tower in Manila
Donald Trump and and and Ivanka always
bragged about I think Ivanka went over
there their pictures all over the
Philippines Manila so that explains the
Philippines nothing else would Russia
you've got the
the boys saying they get most of their
money or a lot of their money from
Russia Donald Trump sending Michael
Cohen over to try to start a Trump Tower
in Russia it's been an obsession with
Donald Trump getting Russian money has
been an obsession with Donald Trump
since the 1980s when he was suckered
into shaking the hands of a Mikhail
Gorbachev impersonator that's how
desperate he has been how sad and
pathetic
what a loser he has been as it pertains
to the Russians he's made a fool of
himself time and time again and now
Saudi Arabia bragging in 2015 to
everybody wearing those caps at Kanye
West's wearing now that he makes 4050
million dollars from the Saudis he loves
the Saudis of course it's all about
money and it's not about American money
it's not about American jobs it's not
about helping out Heartland America
helping them pay their bills having
enough money to send their kids to
college it's it's about Donald Trump and
his billionaire family money and how
much money they can siphon from other
countries and so he's willing to let a
Washington Post journalist get killed
and hacked up because he wants to make
more money personally from the Saudis
and Joe the line that America
yeah the the line that stays with me is
he was an American citizen was he I mean
racist isolationist cruel inhumane an
American all in one dog whistle it's
incredible where we've come here with
this president thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
