he's the head of a country and I mean he
is the strong head don't let anyone
think anything different he speaks and
his people sit up at attention I want my
people to do the same
okay let's unpack that for just a second
Donald Trump praising the perks of being
a dictator in this case Kim jong-un
wanting quote my people to show the same
type of deference that Kim enjoys in
North Korea the comment was made one day
after footage was released of Trump
saluting in North Korea in general
footage reportedly played heavily in
North Korean state TV
this was Trump's response when the media
who Trump calls America's biggest enemy
pushed back on his apparent autocrat
envy joining me now is Malcolm man to
the terror isometrics project Sara Kensi
our journalist and scholar of
authoritarian states and treati Parsi of
the National Iranian American Council
thank you all for being here so I'm
going to come to you on this first
because this is what your study is about
Donald Trump definitely seems to admire
the fact that Kim jong-un has absolute
power and he even made some comments
about Kim being able to kill people I
mean that this is the idea that he just
had absolute power over his people the
fact that they showed fervor they have
to not you know they don't they don't
have a choice but there is something to
that and it does seem to be consistent
no yeah this is how Trump has behaved
his entire life it's how he behaved and
he's running for off when he was running
for office these rallies he had were
typical of a demagogue and during that
time he was praising dictators he
praised Qaddafi he praised Saddam
Hussein he of course praised Putin who
is his backer he's praised duterte he
praised various proto-fascist that were
running for office in Europe thickness
is high ideal way of ruling and the
thing is is we are way past
hypotheticals we are way past wondering
how he would govern if he gets in we
know how he would govern he would govern
with children snatched from their
parents and put into camps he would
govern by attacking freedom of the press
freedom of assembly the judiciary and he
is governing without anybody checking
him with the GOP being apps
lutely complicit in these policies so if
you think that Trump will not try to
establish a state of control over
American citizens similar to that of Kim
jong-un and of other dictators you're
wrong he will absolutely try he will
keep going and the more that he's under
pressure during this probe the harder he
will attempt to consolidate his power
hey you know Trina you know it to be
honest you know about American foreign
policy the United States government has
in the past suborned dictators they know
and you know they were sort of a
dictator who we felt could bring
stability Hosni Mubarak and Aged we you
know we're fine with for many years I
mean the United Sates has not you know
we changed the regime in Iran from
Mossadegh who was democratically elected
and put someone in who was an autocrat
right so it's not as if the United
States has never before aligned itself
with dictatorial regimes I think the
difference is the sort of affirmative
praise that you hear coming out of
Donald Trump so I wonder when we just
wouldn't win other countries that we are
attempting to either you know negotiate
with in the world or that we're trying
to prevent them from sort of expanding
things like nuclear ambitions I'm
thinking Iran and thinking other
countries in the Middle East etcetera
when they listen to Donald Trump praise
someone like Kim jong-un in this way in
your view what do you think they hear
and what does that do to their policies
toward us how do they act in a world
differently
well a couple of things first of all we
can take some of the allies of the
United States you now have a crown
prince an absolute dictator in Saudi
Arabia that is very close to Trump Trump
seems to admire just as much as he
admires other dictators now they're
saying that look what's wrong with an
absolute monarchy in the past the Saudis
tended to say oh we're moving slowly in
our own pace towards greater freedom
opening but now with the way that Trump
is behaving it's much easier for them to
come and say you know what there's
nothing wrong with absolutely a
dictatorship and monarchy in Saudi
Arabia so that's one thing you have
dictators that are allies of the United
States that now see themselves of having
as supporting the United States to
continue with dictatorial policies and
then you have enemies or or rivals of
the United States that see this and also
recognize that Trump's admiration for
power and unconstrained power is part of
the reason why he is
essentially during the North Koreans get
away with a lot while at the same time
he is killing the Iran nuclear deal
unfortunately I think a lot of people in
Iran right now are thinking that they
should have gotten a nuclear weapon
before he went in a negotiation table
rather than just having enrichment yeah
it is interesting
Malcolm that you know that you know
Donald Trump admires certain autocratic
regimes that not others the Iran deal I
feel in a way just based on the sort of
evidence it's also tied him in the fact
that it was President Obama who
negotiated the Iran deal so that you
know there's nothing good about that
deal in his view but I wonder if you
know now we have seen North Korean state
television replay over and over and over
Donald Trump's alluding that North
Korean general they obviously can hear
him praising people like the autocrat in
Saudi Arabia people like Kim jong-un
people like she's in paying of China
people like of course Vladimir Putin so
I wonder is intelligence services around
the world as the North Korean
intelligence services then think okay
how do we deal with this president you
know how much does this weaken the
United States is sort of power to deal
with these regimes oh it weakens the
United States greatly over the last year
we have seen regime after regime and
that's a good word for these these
governments they are regimes who have
figured out Donald Trump unlike every
president from Washington to Obama who
have maintained America's power
Authority and dignity in terms of
democracy these regimes have figured out
Donald Trump can be bought I mean just
straight up purchased and you either
purchase him through either money or you
purchase them by massaging his ego and
we saw it with Saudi Arabia he was going
to Saudi Arabia was speaking badly about
Muslims he gets there he's lavished with
attention and luxuries at the highest
level and he comes back their absolute
best friend Kim jong-un and every other
intelligence agency in the world has
evaluated Donald Trump as an easy mark
and this is the kind of guy you want in
your casino right and if you want to
glue him in there you lure him in there
with the things that he most cherishes
which is enriching himself enriching his
family and not meeting the values of the
United States by showing that you are
authoritarian and you know Sara what's
interesting is you know you had in
France Donald Trump initially sort of
you know so he was warm toward Emmanuel
macron he showed him a big military
parade and Trump it really admired that
there was a weird handshakes but then he
just comes back from this summit in
Canada and again is completely distance
again from not just France but all of
our Western allies and and I think these
other countries all these our allies
also see that he can turn his base
against Canada right then he can
actually turn his base against these
countries as well so I'm wondering you
know where do we stand in the global
alliances if our allies not only watch
Donald Trump sort of turn on them but
also a portion of the American people I
think it's hard to tell at this point
how the American people feel you know I
live in a red state live in a state that
voted for Trump and I don't think that
people are particularly happy about
these trade policies especially with
Canada because it's going to affect them
economically I'm not sure people are
willing to label Canada the enemy that's
a bridge too far but I do think that you
know this view that Trump has of our
traditional Western allies as our
enemies and as dictatorships as our new
allies is going to have repercussions
beyond Trump's tenure in office this is
a realignment there is no real reason
for our traditional allies to trust us
anymore we have not kept our word
and this is an issue where other people
in the Trump administration beyond Trump
himself should really be speaking out
forcefully if they disagree with Trump's
policies and they have not been doing so
they have been treating Trump like a
dictator which is exactly how he wants
to be treated and treated if you know
there's also the fact that Donald Trump
seemed to have given away quite a bit
ending our exercise with South Korea et
cetera so when the the world's power see
that he talks quite tough
but in the end doesn't really get much
what does that do to our negotiating
position well is what one of the earlier
commenters said that you know this is a
guy that's pretty easy to figure out you
can actually get a much better deal with
him but just being able to massage his
ego and allow him to claim that he had a
victory because that's all that matters
it's the image it's the optics of some
form of a victory and he has a base that
doesn't look really far into these
different things that they're quite
gullible when it comes to these things
and when you take a look at what has
been achieved essentially what was
achieved in North Korea was a photo op
in a handshake
nothing really beyond that and he is
touting that as if the nuclear crisis
with North Korea has ended this is
extremely dangerous because there are
actual real threats here that need to be
addressed in a in a very effective way
and he's not doing that so in that sense
in my view he's really endangering the
national security of the United States
and very quickly
Malcolm while that is going on is it
possible for the intelligence services
for the sort of you know apparatus is
government that they write calls the
deep state to still be maintaining the
relationships that can make this not a
total catastrophe when the next
president comes around that comes along
yes yes we maintain our operational and
strategic relationships with other
intelligence agencies the question is
will those other intelligence agencies
trust critical information to the United
States which may infuriate Donald Trump
personally and III charge that they
won't they won't do anything that will
benefit the United States if they know
that it will get to the President of the
United States and he will misuse that
I'm sorry you know I know there's a lot
of intelligence watch officers in the
world who watch this program just
they're forced to and they will they
themselves all know that if there is
something out there which is critical to
the security of the United States but
which could be compromised by the
President of the United States they
won't get it
Wow Malcolm Nance Sara Kenzie or treater
Parsi thank you very much all of you for
being here we really appreciate it and
next up the biggest threat to the Trump
administration could start right here in
New York and the woman who wants to be
the next governor of New York Cynthia
Nixon joins me live stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
