New York is a two-to-one Democratic
state and in this era of Trump we should
be a beacon here of what is possible but
instead we are a place with the highest
income inequality in the entire country
where children of color are told
explicitly and implicitly that their
lives do not matter as much as their
white counterparts
former Sex in the City star Cynthia
Nixon is challenging incumbent Andrew
Cuomo for the Democratic nomination for
New York Governor she's created a lot of
buzz and is being credited with pulling
Cuomo to the left on a number of issues
but she remains well behind Cuomo in the
polls trailing the governor 61 to 26% in
one of the latest surveys and joining me
now is candidate for the Democratic
nomination for governor of New York
Cynthia Nixon thank you for being here
thank you so I'm gonna play your ad
announcing your run I will say I thought
it was quite good was a pretty strong ad
so let's take a listen look at it you
want our government to work again on
health care ending mass incarceration
fixing our broken subway
we are sick of politicians who care more
about headlines and power than they do
about us
it can't just be business as usual
anymore
if we're gonna get at the root problem
of inequity we have to turn the system
upside down
we have to go out ourselves okay I was
like fixing our broken subway we can
have a little bit faster with how much
the subway is a sample of this shambolic
well I was compelling for me you're
running to be governor of New York the
first thing you got hit with was
celebrity right we don't want that even
though one is President of the United
States does your celebrity help you or
hurt you in the I think I think both but
I think the the thing that this is is
really helping us is the more that I
talk about issues and get word that I
roll out platforms that people are
excited about that they realize have
been lacking here so much for the last
seven and a half years and the more that
they understand they know something
about me but that's not the whole of Who
I am it's a fraction of who I am and who
I really am is a public school parent of
three kids who's been fighting for
better funding and more equitable
funding for New York schools for 17
years yeah and you know the thing is and
I find it a particular thing about
Democrats but Democrats say we want
substance in policy we every candidacy
is about charisma right and Republicans
are sort of less shamefaced about that
they say you know what will elect go
over the logo he's running he's a
celebrity we like it but Democrats do
have an antipathy to it do you feel that
the Democrats have a particular sense of
no we want a politician I think that
what we're seeing with Democratic voters
is our Democratic voters are so far
ahead of our of so many of our elected
leaders right now and we we have a
chance particularly with Donald Trump in
the White House we have a need to show
that there's a better direction for this
country and that New York by all means
should be leading and that we have so
much progressive change that we want
here to protect our own people and to
set the national agenda and more and
more more and more people who have never
been in politics before thousands of us
many of us women yeah running for office
for the first time because we feel like
our elected leaders are really letting
us down and not keeping up with the
change that that Americans are demanding
and you know you mentioned you know
women are really ramping up in terms of
running for office in terms of voting in
terms of leading what's being called the
resistance it's very woman led and yet I
wonder why you
or not closer to Andrew Cuomo in the
polls I mean that we have a poll here
we're looking at the Santa college poll
6126 when you break that down
african-american voters are
overwhelmingly with Cuomo Latino voters
two to one with Cuomo white voters 5730
what is that deficit about do you think
I I think first of all that that poll is
is not a poll of Democratic primary
voters and I'm having the Democratic
primary I think it'd be very different
if you if you polled Democratic primary
voters because we've really our numbers
have going been going up and up and up
since we entered the race but the
important thing I think to take from
that poll is that 60% of New Yorkers
rate Governor Cuomo's record as and his
job performance is fair or poor so I
think what that tells me is we have a
real opportunity here and how do you
overcome the deficit figure with
african-american voters in union voters
who are Foursquare behind Andrew Cuomo
right now we keep talking about the
issues and we keep talking about the
lack of movement on these issues over
the last seven and a half years a the
three top issues you think there that
should be important my producer telling
me those were Democratic primary Polar's
poll voters okay well we'll fix that
after we'll figure that out afterwards
but education absolutely education about
investing in our education we've got the
second most unequally funded school
system in the entire country and we've
got a system that's assuring white
children into college and children of
color into the criminal justice system
housing affordability of housing because
he received so much real estate money
yeah he has just allow our rent laws to
be shredded now and and and justice
reform yeah we have such a need for
justice reform here we've got two
systems you know one for Harvey
Weinstein and one for a young man like
kalief Browder yeah and we have to
change that well good luck I hope you'll
come back I would love to so we can have
more time with you Cynthia Nixon thank
you very much for being here thank you
look in your races hey thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
