it is very biblical to enforce the law
that is actually repeated a number of
times throughout the Bible I would cite
you to the Apostle Paul and his clear
and wise command in Romans 13 - oh baby
laws of the government because God is
obtain ordain the government for His
purposes Trump administration officials
have turned to the Bible to try to
justify separating migrant children from
their parents now it should come as no
surprise then that attorney general
sessions also thinks the Bible can be
used to justify the cornerstone of
trumps immigration agenda the Lord told
niyama that when he got to come back
home to Jerusalem to build a wall that's
the first thing you told him to do he
wanted to keep people in heels to keep
bad people out I don't think there's a
scriptural basis that justifies any idea
that we must have open borders in the
world today join TV now as Bishop
William barber co-chairman of the Poor
People's Campaign Bishop Michael Curry
Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church
and Frank Schaeffer religious reform
activist thank you all for being here
and Bishop Barbour the scripture that
has been used this week by the
administration to justify separating
parents when they're children saying you
know the obey the laws of the land that
they're the government was ordained by
God that same scripture has been used to
justify a loyalty to England during the
American Revolution the forcible return
of fugitive slaves European clergy
submit submission to Adolf Hitler white
South African support for partek on Iran
it's a very commonly used scripture to
say obey the government no matter what
does it have any pastoral use when it
comes to the policy of separating
migrant children from their parents no
if some it's alive the misuse of text is
a grave form of misinterpretation you
know the rest of the text actually talks
about government should be for good it
should not be for terror you keep
reading it says talks about loving your
neighbor as yourself
this has been a common thing of slave
master slave holders it was used to
justify the Dred Scott decision but I
want to step back just a second these
attacks on immigrants period are
unjustified and
on Biblical and anybody should be
against this kind of political not just
a human being
so the attacks being told you know the
president being told at his inauguration
that building a wall was God's Way when
clearly Jesus taught our laws and said
welcome welcome to stranger what is what
is added to this is the sin of and
making children pray so when you add
that to already the sin then what you
have is what the Bible calls the evil of
making children pray and to your point
the the rest of that scripture which is
Romans 13 which follows the after the
passage that attorney general session
site says let no debt remain outstanding
except the continuing debt to love one
another for whoever loves others has
fulfilled the law the Commandments you
shall not commit adultery you shall not
murder you shall not steal you shall not
covet and what other other command there
be are summed up in this one command
love your neighbor as yourself love does
no harm to a neighbor therefore love is
the fulfillment of laws actually so
that's using a text as a pretext which
is bad the history in this country you
know you could go to Ezekiel 22 where it
says there was conspiracy of leadership
that practices storsch and robbery
oppressing the poor and then it says the
mistreatment of the foreigner by the 9
of justice jesus said judgment would
come on a nation by how it does not
welcome the stranger so stretches is
using old tricks that trace all the way
back to slave master religion so let's
go to a bishop Currie there have been
some religious leaders prominent
religious leaders who have pushed back
against this policy you had Cardinal
DiNardo who's the head of the US
Conference of Catholic Bishops say that
while protecting our borders is
important we can and must do better as a
government as a society to find other
ways to ensure their safety separating
babies from their mothers is not the
answer it is immoral there was a letter
written to Donald Trump from evangelical
groups saying as evangelical Christians
guided by the Bible
one of our core convictions is that God
has established the family as the
fundamental building block of society
the state should separate families only
in the rarest of instances one more AR
bernard pastor bernard who used to be a
member of Donald Trump's Council of
clergymen
clergy members said now specifically
separating immigrant families at the
us-mexico border is a a moral atrocity
it is heart-wrenching to see children
ripped from their parents arms by Border
Patrol agents it's more than
it's a calculated attack on children to
discourage potential border crossers
Franklin Graham this was his version of
also criticizing the policy though he
did not blame the president specifically
here's Franklin Reverend Graham I think
it's disgraceful is terrible to see
families ripped apart and I don't
support that one bit and and I blame the
politicians for the last twenty thirty
years that have allowed this to escalate
to the point where it is today so not
not quite a criticism Bishop curry but
what do you make of the biblical
justifications being used for this child
separation policy well first I think as
Bishop barber has said and as others
have said first of all the policy or
practice of separating children from
their parents literally taking babies
from their mother's arms
separating families that is
fundamentally profoundly unchristian and
it's unamerican
it is unchristian an unbiblical first of
all st. Paul is important but remember
for those who are Christians Jesus is
Lord and Jesus says love your neighbor
Jesus says love your enemy
Jesus says welcome the stranger Jesus of
Nazareth his mother Mary and Joseph they
were refugees who fled persecution and
immigrated to Egypt so the government
legitimately or the government tried to
persecute the Holy Family themselves
Jesus was executed by lawful order of
the Roman Empire of the government it's
very important to remember that love of
neighbor trumps everything and that is
fundamentally Christian American every
time I go to New York City and fly into
New York I see that green that statue of
the green Statue of the Statue of
Liberty give me your tired your huddled
masses yearning to breathe free that's
America so this policy and practice is
unchristian it is not consistent with
Jesus of Nazareth it is a contradiction
it is on American we can do better than
that and you know and yet Frank Schaefer
if you look at Donald Trump's you know
rock-solid support as of March among
evangelical seventy five percent
approved 81 percent of evangelical men
approving we just had Keaton Dawson on
brilliant Republican strategist who said
that the core of his support still is
evangelical Christians vox.com reported
that that same Romans 13 has been used
to justify war with North Korea which is
you know which Donald Trump's supporters
if he's fourth they afford it and last
summer pastor Robert Jeffress one of the
most influential members of trumps
unofficial evangelical Advisory Council
sited Romans to say that God had given
Trump the authority to do whatever
that's a quote the authority to do
whatever up to an including nuclear war
with North Korea well you know what's
going on today is very clearly giving us
a dividing line in our culture and I
would just put it this way that
Christians who still support Trump who
is separating mothers from babies are
now condoning a form of child abuse and
beyond that as a Christian I can just
say I can't think of anything that would
be more Jesus hating this isn't just
Jesus disobeying this is Jesus hating
everything the gospel stands for is
contradicted but there is hope there are
white Republican voters who identify as
evangelicals coming forward for instance
a new group vote common good calm has
recently formed to start a bus tour that
is going to go coast-to-coast with
evangelical progressive former
evangelical and other religious people
on board appealing to that sliver of
evangelical voters who look at this and
are sickened as any American who loves
this country would be so there are going
to be repercussions for the Republican
Party that have gone along like pimps of
evil with this president they are now
defending as Sarah Huckabee does the
undefensible the indefensible listen
these are not illegal immigrants these
are the children of people seeking
asylum as Jews did in the 1930s from
Nazi Germany can you imagine as we would
look back at that history if Jewish
children had been ripped from their
parents arms arriving in this country
seeking asylum and separated from their
families it would be right up there with
the incarceration and the imprisonment
of Japanese people so as we talked about
oh well we have this illegal immigrant
problem it's just remember once again
it's worth repeating these are
exclusively the children of asylum
seekers this is the child of the person
by the side of the road in the parable
of the Good Samaritan this is the person
who is unwanted and unloved but they are
asylum seekers and so I say again this
autumn in the November election there
are going to be bus tour starting in
September from vote common good calm
that are going to take religious leaders
white evangelical leaders because we're
the problem white evangelical voters
have become the problem we put this man
in power and it is up to white
evangelicals to do what Franklin Graham
did and step up and do more than
Franklin Graham did and said this is not
only disgusting and unbiblical it is
evil and we can no longer support this
president even if we supported him
before this is a line of demarcation it
is the end I just want to say well there
are a lot of things going on you know we
I'm going across the country with the
Poor People's Campaign a national call
from our revival and evangelicals who
are not right but they are white that
not this so-called right with stuff
whatever are coming together in masses
but we also have to deal with the race
part of this now now the separating of
children comes back to slavery tearing
away children from their parents and
selling their Richard Spencer who said
Donald Trump was his man when Donald
Trump laid out his powers against
immigrants Richard Spencer said
immigration is a kind of proxy war and
maybe a last stand for white Americans
who are undergoing painful recognition
that a less dramatic action is taken
their grandchildren will live in a
country that is alien and hostile but
here's the problem I had with Franklin
Graham what he did he's no more blamed
it on the pen or politician
sessions is against voting rights that's
just as evil because you're undermining
the ability to change the government
he's against healthcare he's against
people being careful for pre-existence
so it's Trump he damn said anything
about those things as well we have to
understand it's wrong because of the
children but the policy is wrong period
sessions has been against every form of
immigration reform you could find even
bipartisan and I just want my brothers
and sisters to say yes yes the children
part is evil but the scripture says woe
unto those who legislate even and rob
the poor of their right and make
children and women their prey voter
voter suppression is wrong their tax on
the poor is wrong the giving welfare to
the corporations and letting people die
in the streets is wrong taking people's
health care is wrong we have to have a
comprehensive response faith wise to
what's going on and that's why the Poor
People's Campaign is saying we have to
deal with systemic racism systemic
poverty ecological devastation of war
economy and this false Christian
nationalism which is contrary to the
gospel on almost every policy that's
coming out of this administration well
then Frank Schaeffer before I come back
to mr. curring share president help us
understand that those who you know are
not conversant with this sort of new
theology I mean I can recall whether it
would morning Joe this week they were
talking about the fact that you know
evangelical Christians became
uncomfortable with george w bush at the
end of that campaign and and may have
cost him a lot of votes because of an
alleged DUI and now we've come to the
point where there is solid support for a
roy more among white evangelical voters
in the state of alabama even though he
lost he didn't lose those voters solid
support for anything donald trump has
done in the past a mulligan was the word
that's being used on infidelity there it
what is this about because there is also
this turning against voting ripe against
healthcare it's sort of comprehensive
and even this policy Katyn Dawson did
mention that this policy is supported
very strongly by white evangelical
Christian so mr. shape Frank Schaeffer
you could answer that first thing I'm
going to come to Bishop Carrillo Bishop
Bishop Barbour is entirely correct of
course this is a bigger picture and part
of it is this is a reaction to eight
years of a black man being in the White
House
part of this support for Trump is just
straight-out reaction to that racism you
know back in the 70s and 80s my father
Francis Schaeffer was instrumental in
forming what became the religious right
and I would jet around the country and
Jerry Falwell's private jet I was on the
700 club with Pat Robertson and all the
rest they laid the groundwork for
idolatry of access to power above all
else that was the deal
and they brought with them a lot of
evangelicals who were never cured of
their racism Jerry Falwell had been a
segregationist before he became an
anti-feminist anti pro-choice
anti-abortion activist anti-gay
activists there's always a search for
the next enemy that's going to help the
white evangelical racist Church raise
money get there fire up their people and
make them angry and now help them vote
Republican and I would just say about
this children incarceration maybe a line
has been crossed that isn't going to
change all these people's minds but it
might peel off enough votes with things
like vote common good calm to change the
election after all this guy only won
because of 86,000 votes
yeah that could have kept him out of the
White House we only need to appeal to
the conscience of a few people and just
say listen are you trying to follow
Jesus and if you are you have to repent
of what you've done and then to give us
the how do we do that Mr curry you know
what is the message that can translate
across these sort of racial and
religious lines well I would suggest
that in addition to what my colleagues
have said there is a fundamental
distortion of Christianity of the
Christian faith the Christian faith is
grounded on and based on the teachings
and the life of Jesus of Nazareth it is
interesting to me that you do not hear
comments you hear Romans 13 quoted but
you don't hear Jesus who is the Lord for
Christians you don't hear the Sermon on
the Mount love your enemies blessed are
the poor in the poor in spirit
you don't hear Jesus's teachings do unto
others that you would have them do unto
you you don't hear Matthew chapter 25 as
you did it the least of these who are
members of my family who have done it
unto me
here Matthew 22 love your love the Lord
your God and love your neighbor as
yourself on this hangs all the law and
the prophets if it doesn't look like
love if it doesn't look like Jesus of
Nazareth
it cannot be claimed to be Christians we
are experiencing a fundamental
distortion of Christian teaching of what
it means to follow Jesus and if it
doesn't look like Jesus of Nazareth you
cannot claim that it is Christian I feel
like you're getting amens all over
America right now all three of you
Bishop William barber of the Poor
People's Campaign thank you very much
Bishop Michael Curry thank you so much
sir
Frank Schaeffer thank you so much who
has told us about this vote common good
calm we'll look into that and follow it
thank you very much and as we go to
break here's today's cover of the New
York Daily News which captures the
heartache this is heartbreaking of the
young children being separated from
their moms and dads at the border as the
paper says this policies callous
soulless Craven Trump that is their
headline we'll be right back
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
