let me read to set this up from a
Washington Post piece tonight that I
think explains the calculation behind
what you hear President Trump saying
there in terms of trying to pin this on
Democrats they say President Trump has
calculated that he will gain political
leverage and congressional negotiations
by continuing to enforce a policy he
claims to hate the attempt to gain
advantage from a practice the American
Academy of Pediatrics describes as
causing children irreparable harm sets
up a high-stakes gambit for Trump whose
political career is long benefited from
harsh rhetoric on immigration so
essentially the the Washington Post
they're saying the president sees this
policy as leverage to get a deal from
Democrats on immigration right the
president obviously believes that
Democrats are going to be more more
concerned about this particular policy
and that they are gonna be willing to
give up more to him to get him to change
this policy if he keeps it in effect if
he you know continues to do things like
plan for tent cities I was on Capitol
Hill today talking to conservative
Republicans who said that their
constituents don't like these policies
of separating families both the
president and Republicans in Congress
know that this policy is unsustainable
politically which is why they're blaming
Democrats for the policy that the
president has put in place and that the
Attorney General has argued this week is
a policy that essentially comes from God
I don't know if you saw Jeff Sessions
remarks about the Apostle Paul and the
idea that laws should be obeyed because
because the people put in governments
were put there by God but a lot of the
constituents of both Democratic and
Republican members of Congress some of
them believe in separation of church and
state but others also believe in God
that is compassionate and humane what we
are not seeing right now is compassion
or humanity on the border well so Franco
the the White House is sending signals
now that if the president sees this as
leverage in trying to get something
through on immigration that the contours
of what they're looking for
includes the wall it includes some
limits some restrictions on the legal
immigration protection for families at
the border
and then a path to legal status for the
dreamers politically given this
situation at the border is there any
sense among Democrats any appetite among
Democrats to go down that road towards
compromise or is that just a complete
dead end to start with I mean let's
remember that back in January when they
were talking about about taking away
daca
the Democrats did jump all over and they
were ready to cut a deal they were ready
to pay for the wall but the key issue
here that you just mentioned is the
legal immigration and slashing legal
immigration in in just a major
percentile I think that's where the line
is going to be drawn with Democrats and
many Republicans they are very resistant
to an overhaul of the tenets of the
American immigration system because that
really would change the fabric of how we
do immigration focusing on family my
family migration and taking care of
making sure you keep families together
and I think that's also part of what
you're seeing today this week with some
of the concerns about separating
children and families it's always been a
moral issue for the United States to
keep families together and and there's a
there's concern about that we're getting
away from that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
