day6 30 of the Trump administration the
day after hurricane Michael ravaged the
Gulf Coast of Florida the day we were
finally able to get aerial pictures of
the coastline and see what we feared had
happened when this storm came ashore
while still strengthening we'll have the
very latest on the damage just ahead in
this broadcast the suffering in the
south and the disappearance of a
journalist are competing for time on the
president's schedule but Donald Trump's
past 24 hours have included a campaign
rally in Pennsylvania series of bill
signings at the White House including
one with Kid Rock
lunch with former football player Jim
Brown and Kanye West more on all that in
a moment as well as not one but two
interviews with Fox News at the White
House today the president was asked
about his to-do list there is also this
competing for the president's attention
the second straight day of a stock
market loss raising concerns about the
strength of our current economy and the
escalating national security crisis over
that Washington Post columnist who
vanished after he answer entered the
Saudi consulate in Turkey there are also
indications that the president may soon
be faced with the prospect of responding
to robert muller after all NBC News is
reporting that the president's lawyers
are finally preparing answers to that
list of questions submitted by the
special counsel according to NBC's
source those questions are squarely
focused on whether the Trump campaign
colluded with Russia to subvert the 2016
election this morning the question was
asked about a potential Muller interview
have you thought again about sitting
down for an interview or write written
questions or any type of hybrid approach
there well it seems ridiculous that I'd
have to do it what everybody says
there's no collusion but I'll do what is
necessary to get it up with Trump's
feelings about the Muller investigation
are directly linked to his sentiments
about his own Attorney General Jeff
Sessions who famously recused himself
from the inquiry tonight the latest
report about sessions future comes from
the journal they're saying Trump is
looking at as
five candidates to replace him this
morning Trump seemed to deny and he
plans to remove the AG while at the same
time not ruling it out the conversation
is that you are in active talks to
replace the Attorney General of the
United States I'm not doing anything I
want to get the elections over with
we'll see what happens I'm very
disappointed that we go through this
witch-hunt this ridiculous witch-hunt as
they say in any other White House these
are the issues that would keep the
president busy but it was that Kanye
West's visit to the Oval Office that
seemed to capture the most attention
today there was something about when I
put this hat on and made me feel like
Superman
you made a Superman that's my favorite
superhero and you made a Superman cape
could very well be how does it feel to
be in the Oval Office with that let's
bring in our leadoff panel on a Thursday
night Robert Costa national political
reporter for The Washington Post
moderator of Washington week on PBS
Tamara Keith back with us White House
correspondent for NPR and Donna Edwards
Democrat of Maryland former member of
Congress welcome to you all
Robert I'd like to begin with you you
made the trip on Air Force One to this
last rally what did you glean and what
did you gather from the traveling White
House this is a president that's
barreling toward the midterm elections
he made this rally in Erie Pennsylvania
had peered at it just as the hurricane
was making landfall in the Gulf Coast
and you have a president whether it's
with Kanye West today thinking about his
options for Attorney General just on
almost every front he is alone right now
directing his party dominating his party
believing in some way because of the
Cavanaugh confirmation he can rouse his
own voters to the polls and somehow fend
off that blue wave Tamra you've written
for NPR tomorrow about the fact that
press briefings are extremely rare these
days while press abilities with the
president
have been on the rise what's the
takeaway the president is talking a lot
he is speaking for himself and and
especially since that Cavanaugh vote
President Trump has been out there he's
done he did three availabilities today I
was on a trip with the president on
Saturday he called us up to the front of
Air Force One another time and and he he
just he seemed like someone who is he is
enjoying the trappings of being
president he's doing what he wants to do
as you heard in that clip with with
Kanye West he's like hey what do you
think of this Oval Office he's showing
off his presidency all these many months
into into being President of the United
States
congresswoman my friend Don Lemon was
interviewed on his own Network about
what we witnessed in the Oval Office
today with Kanye West and I took some
notes he called it a minstrel show
he said Kanye is embarrassing himself he
allowed himself to be used by the
president and the president is
exploiting a man who needs help do you
think there was any strategy behind that
event today well I mean I couldn't agree
with Don Lemon more I mean you know what
you saw there was something that on the
one hand the president who really
requires any kind of adulation on the
other hand a Kanye West who wasn't
speaking for anyone but himself making
statements that don't even make sense
either historically or in the present
context and it was really quite an
embarrassment I mean what a sideshow
that was at a time where loss of life is
happening in in in Florida and the
southern states at a time where you know
we have a journalist who is disappeared
and likely murdered by the Saudi
government and here the President of the
United States was entertaining Kanye and
Kanye was entertaining him in the Oval
Office and Robert indeed for all the
reasons we have gone through at the top
of this broadcast this was a giant shiny
object in the Oval Office wearing
Red Hat question to you is among
Republicans on the hill in the races of
their lives across America how is this
seen this tableau gonna go over do you
think Brian I was at the Capitol all day
today and not a word was spoken by
Democrats or Republicans as they went
about their business trying to head out
of town to finish their work in the
Senate but there was one scene that was
telling senator flake I saw him in a
corner of retiring from Arizona glued to
his phone earbuds in his ear he was
watching the Kanye West video I went
over and tapped him on the shoulder I
said what do you think of this senator
flake and he said reality meets reality
television he shook his head and pretty
much walked away that was the sentiment
at the Capitol Tamara I want to play for
you the interview you're Network
conducted with a Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell will talk about his
comments on the other side we were
literally under assault ourselves
trailing members to their homes getting
in their faces here in the Capitol
Everett to clearly try to intimidate us
and one of the reasons I was so proud of
the result last Saturday on judge
Kavanagh is that we stood up for two
things we stood up to the mob and we
also stood up for the presumption of
innocence in Tamara if anyone missed the
birth of this talking point the mob
there's no mistaking it now I guess this
is what they're going with yeah this has
been building over the course of this
week starting with President Trump last
Saturday at that rally in Kansas
referring to Democrats as an angry mob
you don't give matches to an arsonist
and and this has been building this is
the talking point this this so-called
angry mob of protesters and and and
Democrats though McConnell in our
interview was careful to say he's not
talking about his colleagues in the
Senate hit fellow Democrats in the
Senate he's talking about the protesters
that were following senators through the
hallways you know it is um it's it's an
interesting tactic it's it's certainly a
way to try to rile up Republican voters
and
and there are you know a number of
Democrats who are saying hey wait the
Tea Party was a pretty angry movement
itself how is this different McConnell
in our interview pushed back on that
idea I happen to have a Democrat right
here congresswoman how does your party
counter this mob label that has really
caught fire it's become the talking
point this week on the right well I
remember the birth of the tea party and
people who spat on John Lewis as he was
walking across the Capitol protesting as
they were protesting the passage of the
Affordable Care Act that was an angry
mob I remember those people showing up
at townhall meetings at my town hall
meetings screaming yelling and
threatening members of Congress and so
you know if if Mitch McConnell really
wants to see a mob he's gonna see
mothers and daughters and wives and and
young people showing up the polls on
November 6th to vote these guys out
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
