the other top story tonight a
humanitarian crisis caused by Donald
Trump using what many call child abuse
as a tool of government policy what's
new tonight the estimates that it's now
nearly 2,000 migrant children ripped
from their parents under these new
orders from the Trump administration now
this is a serious issue children's lives
do literally hang in the balance
Donald Trump caused this crisis he
originally took credit for it but now
what's changing here where the
humanitarian crisis meets if you want to
call it the politics is that the heat is
so high Donald Trump is running from
what he did and tonight I can report
Donald Trump is lying about his policy
which raises the question mr. president
if you are so ashamed now of your policy
if it is heartless why not halt it
instead of lying about it a factual
warning what I'm about to show you is
not true people say look you you ripped
these families apart even though it is
the law it's heartless that's the law
and that's what the Democrats gave us
the Democrats forced that law upon our
nation I hate it I hate to see
separation of parents and children
that's false and we know it is a lie
because Donald Trump and his Attorney
General explicitly created this policy
Orphanage shield Rijn this is important
so let's get into it I'm going to show
you the proof tonight this is the Trump
administration memo from this April
signed by Jeff Sessions this is the
proof and what this does the reason this
is happening tonight and this weekend
and every day that this policy continues
is that the Trump administration shifted
from a long-standing set of policies
that prioritized enforcement against
immigrants deemed more dangerous and
offered more protection for folks who
are not considered dangerous as well as
for children and families now this new
Trump policy orders a quote
zero-tolerance policy for all offenses
and states emphatically the zero
tolerance policy supersedes those other
existing policies I mentioned meaning
the more family oriented policies of
past administrations in both
by the way are now out these are the
facts now politicians may deny their own
role in creating problems but we have an
obligation here to report the facts and
when the evidence shows the politicians
are lying which is a higher bar we'll
report that to this is a trump policy
these are legally segregated camps for
children orphaned by this Trump policy
it's not a congressional law that
requires it and these are not cities
these are not tent communities or any
other Trump Welli and branded spin now
what's the impact take one case we're
gonna play for you a little bit of new
audio this is from inside an immigration
courtroom where a mother and if you want
to think like a human being
imagine this is a mother you know if you
want imagine this is your mother because
it's any mother because this is any
situation that someone could end up in
and listen as a mother tries to find out
when she'll see her son again well I was
told when I'm separated from my son I
move in and tell me when I was 14 to be
with my son again that's what's going on
that's one case one mother one child
that's the reality
now what about how it looks under this
administration well in another Trump
well Ian's tactic Trump's aides have
been focused more on changing the images
of this crisis than the policy on the
ground that I was just telling you about
so the family separation is continuing
while Trump aids push this tightly
controlled imagery on the left you can
see the video from the administration it
tries to depict a safe environment on
the right we have the reported facts for
you investigators in only Texas for
example have already found health care
problems mistreatment of children a lack
of supervision and a widespread
inattention to the government inflicted
trauma on children and parents alike I'm
joined now by Texas State Senator Jose
Rodriguez a sight in his district will
be one of the first places they set up
these camps I'm also joined by Victoria
DeFrancesco a professor at the
University of Texas and Natalie Cornelio
and a
for the Texas Civil Rights Project she
has spent time with a mother whose baby
was allegedly taken from her during
breastfeeding one of the stories that's
gotten so much attention can you tell us
about that Natalia hi good afternoon I
can tell you that that mother's story is
one of many that we received in speaking
to parents that were separated from
their kids that expressed on behalf of
the parents a trauma that was
experienced by both the parent and the
child it's one of many that's what I can
tell you about that story let me play
Jeff Sessions saying that they're
basically being criticized unfairly
talking about the mean-spirited
accusations take a listen there are
politicians and activists who think
having any border at all it seems any
limit whatsoever any enforcement
activity that's taken is mean-spirited
unkind even bigoted Victoria your
response so it's about following the law
and if we are following the law then we
should not be jailing asylum seekers and
we're getting reports that among those
people who are getting sent to federal
prisons especially the adults who are
separated out from their children are
folks who are coming to this country
turning themselves in and saying I am
here for asylum so that and of itself is
breaking the law and I think a point of
clarification here is the difference
between an economic refugee I'm sorry an
economic immigrant and a humanitarian
immigrant the economic immigrant is the
one who's coming here because the u.s.
keeps the demand up for them and the
humanitarian immigrant is the one
fleeing that strife that we hear about
in Central America and that immigrant in
particular should be offered the letter
of the law in terms of those protections
the immigrant the adult and their child
but we're seeing none of that
senator Rodriguez I want to play a
little more from inside that courtroom
again as we try to get what we can a lot
of this has been deliberately prevented
from access by the public by the press
by the members of Congress who would
have appear to have some standing and
we've been reporting on that but this is
new sound of a judge basically just
telling this mother why we'll be under
the tub administration policies she
can't even hear about where her child is
let alone be reunited take a listen
immigration doesn't call the corn farm
be what happened to your child
hopefully someone will get in touch with
you walk us through your view of this
for any parent watching at home
imagining being told that about what
amounts to a missing child well Ari
what I can tell you is that there has
been plenty of testimony by
pediatricians by psychiatrists and other
health care providers about the
tremendous harm that is being caused on
these children when they're in detention
centers with their parents like they
have some here in Texas can you imagine
now what it's like for them if they're
not there with their parents as it's
happening now under this zero-tolerance
policy the harm we're talking about is
stunted growth post traumatic stress
disorder and other mental health
conditions that linger the trauma for
years and years into their lives so yes
the problems that this causes are
tremendous both for the children and the
parents this policy is misguided as a
Victoria has pointed out it's it's cruel
and I think that as Americans we should
not tolerate this this is a country
where we value freedom where we value
civil rights for we value the the human
beings and yet we are now taking a lead
in the world of acting as as many other
cases across the world in the Middle
East in in North Africa and other places
where you have refugees calling
encampments in in tent cities and living
in miserable conditions so regardless of
Trump says it's obvious as his
disregarding not only federal law as was
pointed out by Victoria for asylum
seekers but also international law and
the spokesperson for the United Nations
has already indicated that this is just
not a normal way of treating Natasha
you're not and go ahead I am nodding
this is absolutely a violation of
international human rights law and
actually the way that the Texas Civil
Rights Project got involved in this was
filing a petition on behalf of five
persons that were separated five parents
that were separated from their kids
asking the inter-american Commission for
Human Rights to order that they be
reunited exactly in the way that senator
Rodriguez just described this is
absolutely a violation of human rights
laws not just a violation of the rights
of the parents but of these children and
Victoria briefly do you think when
people see what's really going on they
will see the sickness that's that's
being perpetrated in the name of the US
government yes and that's why we have to
keep pushing to get more access into
these facilities because when it's
blinded by by the doors keeping the
media out keeping nonprofit
organizations that want to seek to help
out these children we don't have that
knowledge to push for these changes in
the last couple of days we've seen more
coverage of this and this is helping in
the effort to stop this horrendous heart
wrenching process hey I'm already
melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
