Berni Rudy Guiliani is dangling a
presidential pardon responding to the
news of mana forts incarceration
Giuliani telling the New York Daily News
quote when the whole thing is over
things might get cleared up with some
presidential pardons Giuliani adding I
don't understand the justification for
putting him in jail you put a guy in
jail if he's trying to kill witnesses
not talking to witnesses however he
later downplayed those comments an
interview with NBC News saying he would
advise against a pardon some mixed
signals there joining me now Ken Delaney
and national security reporter for NBC
News Michael Schmidt is a reporter with
the New York Times and an MSNBC national
security contributor Mimi Rochas a
former assistant US attorney and MSNBC
legal analyst and Caroline police he is
a federal a federal white-collar
criminal defense attorney thank you all
for being with us and Ken let me start
with you
just in terms of the bottom line now
Paul Manafort in jail he's probably
until September at least now explain
what exactly it was that caused the
judge to make that decision today sure
Steve it was Paul manna for its
incredibly reckless decision in February
to reach out to some potential witnesses
in the case against him that involve
allegedly illegal lobbying and he he
reached out by phone and through
encrypted apps and one of those
witnesses was so rattled by this that he
immediately called the FBI and turned
over these encrypted messages to
prosecutors and actually said look I
think Paul Manafort was trying to tell
me to lie and that was essentially the
basis for these allegations not only did
the prosecution file a motion to revoke
chromatophores bail they filed a
separate indictment they charged him
today with obstruction of justice he
pled not guilty in court but that led
Judge Amy Berman Jackson to say look
you've already the prosecution has
already met the standard that I have to
follow here which is probable cause to
believe that Paul Manafort committed
these crimes and so she really had no
choice she went through the range of
possibilities she said look I'm trying
to find out what I could do short of
incarcerated you that would deter you
from committing these future crimes and
I can't think of anything you're already
wearing an ankle bracelet she said at
one point this isn't middle school I
can't just take your cell phone and so
she sent him to
Stephen and we don't know where he is
tonight we've made attempts to try to
figure that out but a law enforcement
official told me that normally somebody
who's remanded to custody in Washington
would be sent to the DC jail now the DC
jail is a notoriously bad place it's got
a roach and rat problem it houses
murderers and rapists and it would be
just incredible to think of this
high-flying Politico who is known for
his $7,000 suits to be spending the
night in a concrete cell in the
Washington DC jail let me let me just
follow on that just explain the
procedure here for folks like me who are
who are kind of laymen with this if that
is indeed where he is if that's the
normal procedure would that also then
normally under normal procedure be the
place where somebody in mana fort
situation stays for the next few months
well it could be but don't forget he's
in the custody of the federal marshals
and they have discretion they could take
him somewhere else they could decide for
example that you know there was a threat
to him he's a high-profile prisoner he's
better suited in the Alexandria jail
which is where a lot of high-profile
white-collar people end up and also he's
facing trial in Virginia so that would
put him closer to that venue we just
don't know at this point the federal
marshals are not commenting on his
status Carolina can is saying there the
judge had no choice here's your guy
who's facing trial communicating with
these witnesses being told by another
judge not to do that you got Rudy
Giuliani out there who is the
president's lawyer now was the United
States Attorney 20-30 years ago in New
York he's saying you only do that when
they kill witnesses not when they talk
to witnesses what's your response to
what are the unnies say in there well
it's not true I mean what what tends
referring to meaning Amy Berman Jackson
had no choice is that under the bail
Reform Act there's a presumption a
rebuttable presumption by Manta Ford and
his attorneys that have to prove that
he's going not to commit crimes when
he's out and he just didn't see that so
I think you know also in this decision
here this isn't the first time that this
judge has taken mana for two tasks
remember when he tried to ghostwrite
that op ed with Constantine : ik well
Constantine : ik is the person that is
in the superseding indictment that he's
alleged to have you know reached out to
alleged witness tamper so this isn't
like it's a first offense she really
didn't have another choice I believe
Michael Schmitt from the the
your picture standpoint here legally
it's the question of the Moller
investigation where this all kind of
emerges from how does this how does this
development with Paul Manafort today
fit into that broader picture of the
Moller investigation in his role in that
well I guess what we're gonna find out
here is whether Paul Manafort has
something to offer or if he really
thinks he's been wrongfully charged and
wants to go to trial Muller is trying to
put as much pressure on Manafort as
possible to get him to plead he's been
one of the few people to be charged and
not do that the deputy campaign chairman
has pled the former national security
adviser has pled but man afford has held
out he said look I have nothing to give
the government I have done nothing wrong
I want to fight this to the end of the
earth now he will face the pressure of
jail time this is this is before the
trial so the question that remains to be
seen is what will happen with Madoff or
will he change his view about this trial
coming up in September would they go to
the prosecutors and say well maybe we
can help you with something else or will
they continue to buckle down and fight
this and manna fort has been steadfast
in that does he is there any sense what
if there were some kind of deal with
Manta Ford if Manta fort were to
cooperate what it is that Muller thinks
he's going to get in particular no and
from a very basic standpoint Muller may
just say look I want to know everything
that man afford knows he was someone
that had ties to Eastern Europe had ties
to Russia played an important role in
the campaign I'm supposed to figure out
was there a counterintelligence issue
here to complete that investigation I
need to sit down with Paul Manafort and
know everything that he knows it could
be that simple they could think that
there is something more nefarious we
really don't know but if you are going
to turn over every rock like Muller has
to getting meta forts testimony and
understanding of what was going on the
campaign remember metaphor was at the
meeting at Trump Tower in the summer of
2016 when the Russians offered dirt to
the president's son if you're doing this
investigation to conclude it you would
need to talk to metaphor
me me the other piece of this today is
Rudy Giuliani the president's lawyer and
his response to this so he he's an
initial response asked by the New York
Daily News there is to say hey
ultimately this thing might be resolved
with some pardons seeming to connect the
news with mana force the idea that a
president Trump could pardon him could
pardon others he then seems to walk that
back what do you make of what Rudy
Giuliani said today well I mean he's
coming very close if he isn't already
over the line in terms of getting him
got himself involved in some potential
obstruction charges because they're
things Giuliani says things all the time
and it's a little bit hard to take him
seriously but the timing of this to say
to mention the possibility of pardons at
the end of this right when manna fort
has been sent to jail it's clearly him
sending I don't even say a signal I mean
it's him shouting across the room hang
in there
you know pardons coming down the road
and you know I understand that there's
all sorts of legal and constitutional
arguments about you know the president
has the absolute right to pardon but the
president's lawyer does not have an
absolute right to essentially tell a
witness
you know don't cooperate we're gonna
give you a pardon which is really what
he was doing today so I think Giuliani
has just you know in his statement about
only mob bosses you know go to go to
jail for witness tampering he's a former
US attorney that's very disingenuous he
absolutely knows that's not true and
that this was a serious case of
obstruction of justice and mana for
needed to go in what do you make of that
because it you could make the argument I
imagine that is from a somebody trying
to defend Rudy Giuliani here that hey
yes the president has the power to
pardon
that's very clear he can pardon anybody
at any time for any reason so if his
lawyer goes out there and simply says
hey by the way the president has this
sort of unbridled power here could a
case emerge me well we don't need to be
reminded that he has the sort of
unfettered power it's that is true that
it says so in the Constitution and there
are no limits except you can't pardon
you can't pardon for an impeachment
proceeding you know we've seen Donald
Trump sort of use the pardon power with
reckless abandon
you know scooter libby
Denis D'Souza the posthumous pardon for
Jack Johnson I think what he's trying to
do is really normalize the pardoning
process even though he does it in a way
that's inconsistent with the the
procedures prior presidents have done it
Giuliani and he are laying the
groundwork to make the pardon seem kind
of like just a normal thing that many
presidents do so I think Giuliani is
coming at it more from a PR standpoint
as opposed to a legal standpoint in that
regard as we say the president
criticized that decision by the judge to
revoke Paul manna for its bail however
in a surprise Q&A earlier this morning
Trump also tried to distance himself
from his now incarcerated former
campaign chairman I think a lot of it's
very unfair I mean I look at some of
them where they go back 12 years like
Madoff Ford has nothing to do with our
campaign but I feel so I tell you I feel
a little badly about if they went back
12 years to get things that he did 12
years ago you know poor man afford
worked for me for a very short period of
time he worked for me what for 49 days
or something a very short period of time
the correct total number of days that
Paul Manafort worked for President Trump
in case you were wondering during the
2016 campaign almost 5 months it was 144
days that tenure was longer than
Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon both
of them ended up of course with White
House jobs and Trump also praised Manta
for on the campaign trail in 2016 a
number of times I have fantastic people
Paul Manafort just came on he's great he
doesn't have to do this like I don't
have to he didn't need to do this but he
wanted to Paul Cory hope I mean these
people what we've been doing has been
incredible and Paul Manafort has done an
amazing job he's here someplace where's
Paul
ball man afford oh good you made it and
Canaan is there any sense at around the
president around his legal team how they
look at manna fort right now well Steve
you asked the question earlier what
could Paul Manafort give Muller and Mike
Schmidt rightly answered we don't know
but informed speculation suggests that
he could be a crucial witness in this
question of whether the Trump campaign
coordinated with the Russian election
interference because he came to the
campaign with significant Russian ties
he earned tens of millions of dollars
from an Ukrainian politician who was
essentially a Russian stooge and during
in the campaign he was trying to
monetize his service by offering private
briefings to a Russian oligarch Oleg
Deripaska and we know that he was in
contact with george papadapolis that
young aide who got an who was told by a
Russian agent that the russians had
hacked the democratic emails before that
became public so one of the questions is
didn't man affort learn about that did
he discuss that with Donald Trump did he
discuss the Trump Tower meeting with
Donald Trump it was there ever any other
kinds of discussions about what the
Russians had what help the Russians were
offering to the campaign because don't
forget Donald Trump didn't use email so
for Mulder to get the evidence about
what Trump knew when he's gonna need
witness testimony and I think that's one
of the reasons he's pressing men afford
so hard he wants his testimony about
meetings with Donald Trump Carolyn let
me just as a defense attorney let me
just ask you from a strategic standpoint
if you're Paul manna Forex lawyer if
you're anybody else who gets jammed up
some way or another in this Muller
investigation who was on Trump's team at
some point is part of your strategy
behind the scenes when you see comments
like Rudy Giuliani or today saying this
might ultimately be settled with pardons
is that part of your strategic thinking
in putting your defense together that
hey let's maybe not go too far in terms
of making some kind of agreement with
prosecutors because there could
ultimately be a pardon that obviates
everything absolutely not that it should
not play any calculus in any criminal
defense attorney I mean thought process
throughout this if you're Paul manta
Ford's defense attorney now you're
telling him he's an idiot and why did he
why did he do what he did because it was
reckless I tell my client I tell them to
cut a deal do you think yes I think they
must be look preparing for trial when
your client is in custody the
a person is supposed to make you know
federal people that are in detention
available for preparing for trial but
it's very difficult to do so this is
going to hurt them in in so many ways
and he has two trials to prepare for
they're coming up very soon he's facing
a lifetime in prison absolutely I think
that you know a deal would be who of him
in this instance and me me just from up
from a prosecutor standpoint then okay
look if mana for is key to answering a
lot of these questions that Muller
presumably has about Russia about
meddling about 2016 about anything if he
offers potential key potential answers
in a lot of those in terms of giving him
a deal from a prosecutor standpoint how
does that work do you get some assurance
upfront that the information he's going
to give you is going to lead to other
prosecution's you just take a chance
that hey maybe the information he
provides doesn't lead to anything but we
still kind of cut a favorable deal for
him anyway
well it's a process and if we're talking
if you meet by cutting a deal if you
mean you know allowing him to cooperate
you know the way it would work is man
affords attorney would say that the
government already wants to come in and
talk it would have what's called the
proffer session with a proper agreement
which means that the statements that he
gives at that session cannot be used
against him directly to prosecute him
there are some exceptions to that but
that's the general rule and they would
basically just start you know asking him
questions and and he and listening to
what he has to say and over time you
know they would make a decision about
whether he had information that was
useful and it's so then he would they
would negotiate what's called a
cooperation agreement which is a plea
agreement that also gives basically a
promise that down the road the
government is going to make the judge
know and write the judge a letter it's
called a five K one letter that lets the
judge know about his cooperation so it's
not necessarily negotiating a particular
sentence or sort of cutting him a deal
it depends on what the crimes are that
he would have to plead guilty to but
it's it's really more of a process that
takes time
it's not like they would say he wants to
cooperate and then tomorrow he would you
know or even
in a week he would be in court pleading
guilty hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
