hey everyone our Melbourne from the beat
and you're watching a special edition
exclusive extra because some of these
interviews are so good we go long I am
joined by the radio hosts from hot 97
number one hip hop radio in New York yes
Ebru
Rosenberg Stiles with a Z thank you yeah
get it right and what we want to do is
put us on a little extra time because I
get excited when people of your caliber
are here so we can talk a little bit
more broadly not just news a day about
what's going on hip hop I want to start
with the picture to end all pictures Kim
Kardashian there you see it with the
president
the ultimate hip hop adjacent celebrity
moment you look at this and then the
backdrop of Kanye West
I'd like to can we not I love Kanye's
wife Kim I think she's a nice person
she's great to look at and what she's
recently done with Alex Johnson I think
is great work the result is a good thing
for that person yes and I'm glad she
jumped in on social media was it a year
ago we went after that but when people
put Kim and hip hop it rubs me wrong I
don't know about you guys but that rubs
me wrong like you would like to adjacent
though because she is adjacent to it
yeah like right she's right no but but
but but you're saying some people are
going further than adjacent and she's
not she's not even in music she's just
married to a guy that makes music you
know I mean like it's well some people
would call that married to the game Wow
well done are you referencing a song or
the show don't you worry about what I'm
referencing it's only for the people who
know just kidding I'm just saying you
know and I will say also about that
photo Kim's face it looks like on
purpose she gave a very straight series
yes to make sure that everyone knows
look guys I'm here about where I want to
be I'm gonna take the photo I know it's
gonna be used but I'm here I have an
agenda and I'm trying to finish that
well the larger part Laura speak to this
is Eva makes the point they're like okay
Kim's a celebrity we know this
president's obsessed with celebrities
but he also is obsessed in a certain way
with hip-hoppers take a look at Donald
Trump
responding to we're gonna put this up
with Township responding to rappers she
gets jay-z
he uses the worst language I have ever
heard
Kanye that's right good I like Kanye
we don't need jay-z or Beyonce
we don't need lady gaga in the case of
jay-z they were leaving because so many
of these people never heard language
like that Kanye West must have some
power Thank You Kanye thank you
I just this is mister grab him by the P
this is mr. there's fine people on both
sides like what are you talking about
you're just as foul as in the next
person so I think it's all an excuse I
don't know I I can't just every time I
listen to him he makes my skin crawl
she's like Murrow when you lose Laura or
knows it Moreau it was okay when you
lose Laura you've lost America yeah he
does love responding to rappers unless
their license they're white though
there's no he didn't say anything in a
minute it's my phone it's my boy cuz
everyone else is kind of jabbed Eminem
my guess is knew he probably wouldn't
respond new you thing said let me test
and I'm gonna probably said I'm gonna go
so far then he has to respond and Eminem
went as far as far he went I think what
we'll play it because he went real far
he also did something that I wonder what
y'all thought of it he took on fans I
mean fans have the right to have their
own voting preferences I would think
although some of this goes beyond voting
it becomes are you recognizing the
common equality and dignity of human
beings in America or not but let's take
a look that's the big disc Eminem what
we got in office now is a kamikaze that
will probably cause a nuclear holocaust
I'm drawing in the sander line you
either for or against we love our
military and we love our country but we
loved it
I wish trouble to responding but he's
not gonna respond to him because he
knows that Eminem's fans they are
passionate and B or white and he didn't
want to have to do anything to be
divisive in his white fan base he's okay
going at brown people and black people
but when it comes to his fan base in red
state America which are Eminem fans for
sure he's not going to Temple so that
analysis rests on a theory that we
debate a lot in the news your theory of
the
case then is that Donald Trump who looks
so angry and impulsive
ain't that impulsive because as a human
being you want to respond to something
like that we know he would want you're
saying that even though he has that
thing of wanting to lash back he
understands how to plant it Donald Trump
is he's a marketer he's always been a
marketer if you look at his history he
knows how to play the game he knows how
to make people talk about him right he
knows what to talk about when to talk
about he's not stupid as people like to
think I was talking about how stupid he
was is what how he ended up being
president
everyone said he's just not smart he
just can't and then people been saying
that about him forever ago I mean go if
you go watch the other documentary about
him it's on Netflix right now
that channel for did in the UK he's been
consistently unlikable he's consistently
spoken in a sort of a brazen at times
unintelligible way but his actual in
terms of trying to accomplish the goals
he wants to accomplish he's very good at
it so I don't know though in that case I
have no idea whether there's someone who
goes hey you can't respond that you
really but it seems like there are other
situations where they would have said
you can't respond well he broke yeah
that's certainly also true because we
have those exams right but ebro's saying
that on this like Donald Trump's sitting
there with his data or his Nielson stick
out sound scale if it's that it's just
100% knowing that I'm comfortable
pissing off black and brown people right
or poor people or people who are less
than that I can go at and I'm not quite
sure I want to tackle this because this
guy's white he's a huge pop star he's
came after me and if I go after him I
could potentially fracture something
that is important and I've also showed
him that for sorry Larry I mean I'm
showing that freestyle he's willing to
say anything M&N didn't have a line he
wouldn't you're talking about the he's
got that Pusha T exactly
o M and M will say anything well yeah
just on that what other artist has came
that hard at Trump no no one's close
nobody nobody so why not respond to and
even anything is comfortable like you
pointed out telling his fans yo if you
got a problem with what I'm talking
about right sure
he said shoes I'm Jerry why descend was
it was one of my favorite things it was
um it was his Dixie Chicks moment you
know the Dixie Chicks had their moment
we got orange bush when they cover
stages in London they talked about
George Bush country radio said apologize
or we will not accept you in context we
will disown you from country music Dixie
Chicks said we're the Dixie Chicks
we don't need country music goodbye and
they and they never went back yeah that
was the end yeah so Eminem is and by the
way that comes from palabra privilege if
you're incredibly powerful and you have
money you could do that and I respect
the hell out of mm for at this point all
these years in the game you know when he
can just hide away in Detroit he decided
to come out and do that at the Beatty
Hip Hop Awards no less so it was a great
moment for him then you look at gunplay
gun culture violence let's stipulate in
advance that the problems people try to
put on hip-hop are usually American
problems at hip hop's responding to okay
but there are just being Americans
because Americans love guns and violence
let's not act like hip hop's not
American look so let's say Bob is
America yeah and that's the new slogan
for the beat we're changing the soldiers
know what was gang star once said as
American as apple pie should now be as
American as hip-hop so sometimes they
got you got we got em dot dot P but we
got guns that was a gang starred Fat Joe
and mo p mo P you know I'm saying
moment of truth Gang Starr no that was
actually um the owners oh I hate to get
you guys sorry no I was just saying
generally moments of truth this is some
straight bar mitzvah class thing going
on you know I'm saying it's like well
but if you look at Bartle but I actually
in the liner notes and everyone's like
why October was longer than my won't
anyone I don't understand why anyone
would hang out with the two of us and we
have so much fun together but but I say
that to stipulate that for the serious
part of this because okay that's
America's violence problem but hip-hop
which I think it's fair to say four of
us love and a lot of people watching
love does have a whole history with
violence was very interesting to see
donald glover and childish gambino make
a statement about racism about the trump
era
but also I thought very clearly about
what it means to be in a country where
we are treating guns with more care than
we treat human beings let's take a look
at that I got a karyam yeah I mean look
I think he was trying to illustrate that
there were several messages in that in
that visual not only just about guns but
also about as long as we keep dancing
you know we're safe as long as we or the
things going what does that mean - what
does that mean you know I think I think
one of the big things going on in our
country and has always going on in our
country is the distraction away from the
real things taking place right and
that's why in the forefront of that
those visuals you saw the dancing and if
you were to inspect in the back there
was chaos going on right and and I'm
sorry please know I also wanted to point
out if and it took me a while the second
time that I saw when you see him shoot
the guy in the chair and how they
carefully whisk the good thing they care
for the gun more than the box also when
he comes in and shoots the church choir
they care for that gun also right and
they take it away in a red towel which
is supposedly red state America right so
where red state America is caring for
guns more than they're caring for human
life
raaah didn't know that and the what you
raised about entertaining and the
difficult racial and economic undertones
of that right that you can then say to
people well you can get out from maybe
the community and the poverty that you
were born in and you could play this
role but if you step outside of that
role to go back to the NFL conversation
then suddenly there's this appropriate
there's this punishment that oh no you
only get to do this thing so even when
you have money in power you still are
punished Kapernick or whomever for
trying to make a statement about this
matter of how much power you don't have
you have money but you don't have power
we're giving you some money so that you
can do this job and entertain
us use your body like you always have
black man to entertain us but this as
soon as you want to use your mind and
your words to speak out and and protect
your community or speak on behalf of
your community now we all have a problem
with not we all but a lot of a large
segment or those in power or
billionaires or elitist or however you
want to frame it have a problem with
black men who use their bodies to
entertain us now saying but you
brutalize our bodies all the time and
unless we are you know a top-tier
athlete that's the again in make America
great again the again is playing
football and not talking doing the job
you're paid the reason we pay you all
this money is so you can perform your
job and be happy and that's generous and
you should be and you should be happy
and now wait and now you want other
things no things used to be great right
according to these people things were
great ultimately I think we end up
talking about in every one of these
issues is the discomfort that a certain
sect of white people have with black
people not knowing their place I really
do and I hear it doing sports radio and
hearing the arguments now because sports
is now the president has made sports and
politics intertwine so I end up having
conversations with people I would
normally never discuss a political issue
with hmm and you hear this theme kind of
come over and over again it's this very
uncomfortable thing because without the
words being said it's just it's all shut
up and dribble it's all shut up and
dribble that's really what the it's also
like you should be grateful like you
should be grateful that you even have
this opportunity Wow
really our bodies meant so much to
building this country but we should be
grateful that we have this opportunity
no y'all should be grateful y'all have
our bodies and our abilities and it also
falls under like when they say we can
play your music but we don't necessarily
want you here you know like at
extraction right right there's one thing
the notion is one thing of value you
provide and we extract that and that's
it but we don't necessarily want you
here right that's fair it's very well
put let's pray
that to Meek Mill who is someone who I
cover the criminal justice issues writ
large I also am interested in music but
if you cover criminal justice the story
of someone like me Camile is exactly how
the system is supposed to work before
the most recent incident this was him
here getting in the helicopter when he
was released but this is someone who had
one offense in his teens and then a
decade of no other offense no other
charge a successful business life
entrepreneur life literally what what is
sometimes called a job creator this
man's a job creator because he's very
successful and he's creating jobs for
other people yes that's how the system
quote unquote is supposed to work for
ten years but you have still a charge
hanging over vision basically hanging
over him where if he gets even the most
minor nonviolent offense he's going back
in four years that's what happened and
so this case some people hear about and
say is this about music is this about a
celebrity actually no it's just a person
that got more attention than other
people it's the grinding format of the
way these kind of charges can hang over
young people but primarily young black
men for decades
you could also really equate it to just
the black experience in America period
which is something that a lot of people
are uncomfortable talking about which is
you are starting out with strikes
against you so the most minor infraction
that happens to you we talked about this
white teenagers from the suburbs have
the opportunity to make mistakes how
many people like do you and I know from
growing up who did something stupid
whether it was a DUI whether it was a
fight it ends up getting expunged they
know someone or a whole New York Times
profiles about white white people
addicted to opioids and understanding
their pain which I think by the way is a
good thing I just think if we're gonna
understand pain let's make sure we do it
for all human beings over off with
everybody you just like I work with
teams all the time teas that have you
know stole a pair of headphones and
they're on their way to Rikers Island
when I believe if somebody in the
suburbs a white kid would have done the
same thing he would have been like oh he
made a mistake there just so you say
right let's take that to Ebro Rikers
Island is the second largest detention
facility in the United States the vast
majority people in it have never been
convicted of a crime they are in
pretrial detention they are weighed
to get their day in court so they are
technically presumed innocent but
they're being jailed like they're guilty
because they can't afford to get out on
bail contrast that to this month Paul
Manafort who's accused of laundering
millions of dollars and now accused of
witness tampering and is still walking
the streets
he's showing out but that's you know
this is a country that you know if you
got money and you have access and you
know some people you're not going to be
treated the same as the average American
that's just what it is and then factor
in if you're black or brown or you live
in a major metropolitan area right which
a lot of black and brown people do
because it's close to jobs and things
like that and I think you know you don't
have the luxury of having teenage
mischief you don't have the luxury of
having a childhood when you live in
these neighborhoods right so there's
trauma there as you pointed out with you
know the pain and dealing with these
things and then there's just the trauma
that is generational that just passed on
from your parents it's passed on and
then your your neighborhoods are being
patrolled by war zones you have you know
sirens all night long you can't sleep
you're living in a food desert there's
no great food near and around your home
or you can't afford it whatever the
scenario so you're stacking these things
up and these kids are and families are
trying to figure out how to navigate it
and yes our society is not you know all
hands in the middle trying to find a
safe path for these individuals because
major corporations monetize these
individuals pain right whether it's
through the jail system whether it's
through fast-food and or whether it's
even through our medical system
unhealthy patients continuing to go to
the hospital continuing to go see their
doctor diabetes heart disease you just
keep going right now these people are on
the hook for all types of hospital bills
they can't find their way out there's
stress there's no jobs that and so this
brings us to the next action the next
thing I want to make sure we talk about
and you mentioned a food desert you know
sir mix-a-lot said can't get a healthy
meal but there's always tons of beef mmm
that's a made-up quote I was gonna say I
don't some made-up
I really didn't think that was you just
thought maybe we wouldn't know it sir
mix-a-lot I was like
I have two Posse on Broadway home away
from home and a black limo with the such
a real thing but well but I wanted that
was my team you want to go to pivots
talk about pushing dream you close this
out real quick on the desert then we go
to beef no because a lot of people keep
asking that was had to be done you
should do that more check you have that
would you want me to do we could do full
news anchor if you want Laura that was a
made-up quote I just wanted to talk
about the reality of food desert yeah
because you know in a lot of these
neighborhoods these kids are suffering
from diabetes from obesity and they have
no choices like right now when I speak
to people who lived in privileged
neighborhoods have a little bit of
everything when I have them take a trip
I'm like go to the South Bronx
go to Brownsville you realize that the
only thing you'll find around is a
horrible grocery store a John's fried
chicken place a pizza place yes or a
Chinese food spot there are no choices
in the neighborhood well there there is
that line we in the hood like lo mein
well done and I would also like to say
that I had I think they also wish they
had some quinoa right we never like what
no one ever said that what kale okay of
me for the record I had no choices in my
house growing up that just because I had
Jewish parents who bought horrible
groceries you guys didn't exercise I
mean you want to get it like it like it
was like mini like mini wheats for the
ones without the sugar we won't talk
about parenting since this is a digital
extra we're gonna go we could go deeper
my parents would have there be two
orange juice cartons and one will be
labeled mom and dad and we're gonna be
labeled for me and my brother yes and
they'd just be like if you run out of
that don't touch mom and dad's right you
have choices in the first you need you
need to ration cuz OJ was you don't just
get OJ every breakfast the rationale out
yeah chill out that's good parent is
that what you say your kids chill out my
daughter yes absolutely trippin shut up
so so moving back to to beef
you know what's beef is something people
has made
it's every time I see you guaranteed to
be an ICU he got there he's there
yeah he got there he loves the Apollo
story is Becky papa
so so we're gonna I'm gonna go we're
gonna show this stuff you guys have been
living in it but not not everyone maybe
knows all the story I'll push the T
there is on the left
talk about pushing on rapper Drake on
the right this has been going for a long
time but it came to a head would push it
to putting out his first album in three
years took major attacks on Drake the
Internet of course melted down Drake had
his diss track and then push it he went
there yeah
posting King push that's his Twitter
account that's a real photo as Pusha
says look I'm not an Internet baby
I don't edit images this was taken from
a Drake later explained an actor's photo
shoot but ultimately where this landed
was one of these beefs that got ended or
put on pause because Pusha T took it to
such a hardcore place yeah you know
listen it starts in 2001 with Pharrell
and Pusha and a song that was babies so
Birdman and there was the baby they act
like I killed a baby right exactly what
happened to that boy and it's called
what happened to that boy and allegedly
apparently whatever baby didn't pay his
final fees on the song which prompted
some issues behind the scenes and then a
little Wayne started dressing like
Pharrell in skateboarding and mr. Mewtwo
happened with Pharrell and the clips and
they started going at Wayne fast-forward
Wayne sighs Drake etc etc and then
pushes starts taking shots at drink and
Wayne and it continues and Drake do some
some blooms right like they've had
exchanged but nothing direct this most
recent album infrared is the song on
Pusha Daytona he goes at Drake but it's
pretty aboveboard business your
contracts who's getting your money drink
takes it up a notch Drake took it up a
notch first let's be clear story chilly
meadow at two notches cuz he went he
don't be freestyle made a whole song not
just a couple of bars right
and he not only talked a lot about
business stuff and rap stuff but he
mentioned his brother and more
importantly he mentioned his wife's name
anyway that Kanye pretty hard yeah he
didn't it should be someone said to me a
I didn't interview yesterday and someone
said it was like someone's letting off
fireworks and then someone tried to do a
napalm bomb but it's not true because
Drake didn't just let all fireworks
Drake definitely people the guns out Oh
Drake definitely had whose fireworks and
Drake went with what was it joint the
more we did like the cherry bombs and
like he started roman candles things you
got to be using out here and legal
fireworks it was good good unlawful
firework that's right and then pusher
came with yes that's a big boy the big
boy the big boy okay so so if somebody's
listening to this on our podcast
watching this extra and they say okay
why does this matter why does it matter
and what we're in the war in the culture
old let me start here instead do it for
the culture know if you know that phrase
oh and hip-hop it matters because this
is dealing directly with authenticity
credibility business management which
has always been a part of the hip-hop
dialogue who's stealing money record
label deals this is dealing with all
those things it's also dealing with who
has the gall the gumption the
wherewithal gumption talk gumption talk
so that's what this is dealing with and
this is all part of hip-hop and Drake
took it up a notch and push a came with
everything and claims he still had more
and then others stepped in on behalf of
Drake waving the white flag for whatever
their reason was because it may escalate
or because it relate to whether Drake is
the right person to be the biggest
person in hip-hop in the in the eyes of
hip-hop there's always there's always
mainstream successes that aren't always
the most credible or the most seen as
the lyrical you know miracle the the
best image that starts to get into a
fine line or blurry line about hate to
like a really blurry line about like we
don't approve of you right
and and also to that kind of purist
hip-hop talk right like because the
purest hip-hop circles have always kind
of been annoyed by drink anyway the
singing the emotions and then when it
came out that he didn't write all his
songs it was like I told you he was and
then off and then the fatigue of a guy
who's been on top for basically as long
or longer than anyone else has never
been on top more hits than any more hits
than jay-z Biggie and Tupac combined and
recently surpassed Taylor Swift his most
streamed on Spotify the dude is he's
been enormous so it's driven a lot of
people crazy I like to remind people
that more often than not in hip-hop the
guy who's on top is not the ultimate
lyricist I mean Kendrick Lamar is the
he's a liar he's the anomaly in this you
know I mean general everyone believes
that in 1993 the only thing in rotation
was de la Sol on A Tribe Called Quest
that's not what it was
so now Laura you that you know that no
future so I think I think part of that I
think part of that is a little bit of
hate and a little bit of jealousy but
it's also par for the course for the
culture oh absolutely
and people like and guys with bars like
Pusha should be pushing is the guy who
should be just like all let me play
something let me play something there's
the phrase do it for the culture yes
we're gonna look at you looking at this
yes let's play this right now you're
doing something for the culture so I'm
doing that for the culture Bob just kind
of putting stuff forward
once and for all tell us what does that
mean do it for the culture means well
nothing nothing in essence originally it
was not doing it because you wanted to
be famous or doing it for money but I do
this for for the forwarding the art of
hip-hop said it it meant we prepared
hang on you mentioned the way pretension
of hip-hop has always been an extension
of the voice of not only the black
nationalist movement but also the
community of the greater community of
street culture right whether you were
black or Jewish or Puerto Rican in New
York City this was youth culture
creating new things out of things that
already existed right now sampling and
records and chopping records so you were
creating something new out of something
that was already there right that was
what people were trying to do so I think
that is in essence what it started but
who said I do it for my culture he meant
that he meant that now do it for the
culture it's just throwing it just not
whatever your culture is it could be any
culture that could be strip club culture
that could be shopping culture that
could be sneaker they have sneaker
culture rights big sneaker culture well
it's funny because you mentioned our
producer samantha who worked hard on
getting this all together when we put
that montage together I was not
expecting your answer to be nothing
means so much but I will have overused
it like we've overused a lot of things
all I want to say is we love having you
here thanks for being generous with your
time that's the most valuable commodity
doing it doing it for the news we do it
for the news and good luck at Summer Jam
Sundays
we do it for the ticket sales we do it
for the revenue do it for we hope for
the ticket sales for the culture yeah
there's a lot done for the culture there
it is
thank you guys thanks man I wish I made
extra money doing anything well that's
your fault call your agent hey I'm
already melba from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
