a news coming in just now that so far
the government has separated two
thousand kids from their parents yes
that's right that's just in six weeks
that's going back to just the beginning
just before the zero tolerance policy
started Katie that's when they started
to take anybody coming over the border
illegally that means not turning
themselves in at a port of entry and
taking them away for prosecution and
separating them from their children to
put that in context if we look at the
past six months before that from about
October to May there were just over a
thousand separations over six months now
we're seeing double that in six weeks
and even that six months was was higher
than you would have seen under the Obama
administration so this is clearly part
of their plan to try to keep family
units from crossing the border together
as we know that was a population that
was coming it was becoming more
increased in their numbers because they
were claiming asylum these were families
fleeing violence in Central American
countries and now we are seeing two
thousand of them separated that number
just in today Jacob I know you've
touched on this before but I'd like to
get you on it again the president has
said over and over again that this is
the Democrats fault give us give us the
truth it's just a ridiculous thing to
say it's completely absurd everything
that is happening right now in terms of
the overcrowding scenarios that we saw
at the Casa Padres shelter in
Brownsville the Tornillo new tent city
that Julia and Courtney and I have been
reporting on that's opening up at the
port of entry there to deal with the
overflow crowds is a direct result of
the Trump administration saying we're
gonna have a zero-tolerance policy we're
gonna charge as many people as we can
for crossing the border illegally a
hundred percent if we can they say the
numbers around 60 percent right now and
if you're a family whether you're
seeking asylum or not we are going to
separate your parents parents and
children the parents are gonna go to
federal court and then to federal prison
and then they're gonna serve their
sentence and during that period of time
they're going to be in that building or
buildings like that one that we're
looking at on the screen operations run
by Health and Human Services for kids
that are supposed to come in to the
United States alone not be ripped from
their parents and then be alone once
they get here how are they
United Jacob well it just depends on
what happens with the parents the
parents gonna have to go into a federal
court proceeding and go to a federal
trial if they're convicted they're in a
federal prison they're not going to be
reunited until they're out of prison and
serve that sentence we're trying to get
to the bottom of how long this process
is actually gonna take and the truthful
answer is we don't know yet Katie
because this is brand-new this just
started happening under the trump
administration as a official policy as
an official process they didn't even
really keep numbers like the ones that
Julia decided that we're getting today
before now because as a matter of policy
they never separated children from
parents so we don't we didn't really
know before Julia in talking about the
biblical justification for this you sent
out this tweet been thinking a lot about
session Sanders argument about the Bible
justifying the government policy or all
government policy have they forgotten
Jesus was tried for breaking Jewish law
by doing works on the Sabbath that's
right Katie I've actually been on the
phone with my priest today didn't think
that was something that we need to do in
my research for work but one of the
things she pointed out is that there
were over 600 Jewish laws laid out in
the Old Testament and that Jesus really
came in to show that there was a new way
towards salvation toward God and he just
laid out two main laws to follow and
that was to love your neighbor is
yourself and to love God with all of
your heart and of course Paul was trying
to tell Gentiles that they could access
the Kingdom of Heaven without following
all of those laws so obviously what Jeff
Sessions and Sarah Sanders is laying out
here and as you've pointed that part of
Romans has been used to apply to so many
awful things for a history like
apartheid and slavery what they're doing
is taking this out of context and really
going away from the message that Jesus
had taught and it's it's really become
pretty obvious even the Southern Baptist
Convention has spoken out against this
policy it is remarkable that given given
the history of that particular passage
and the way it was used in our American
history and what it justified here and
what we are still ashamed of to this day
slavery that the Attorney General would
would confidently go out and say that
with it was a smile on his face as the
reason for step
reading families at the border it is
just it's remarkable Julia Ainsley and
Jacob Soboroff guys thank you very much
for being here today thanks Katie hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
