and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour lots of news to cover tonight
as we expected at this time last night
daybreak today brought absolutely
terrible images of the destruction left
behind by Hurricane Michael particularly
where it made landfall in Mexico Beach
Florida and nearby Panama City today we
have been following the news of that
devastation hospital evacuations and the
Panhandle scary news about helicopters
being used to airlift in pallets of food
and water to a large scale secure
psychiatric facility that wasn't
evacuated ahead of the storm so we'll
have more on the storm damage ahead
including what appears to be pretty
significant damage at Tyndall Air Force
Base that Air Force Base was evacuated
but the footage we're getting in today
and tonight indicates that there may be
some serious and very expensive damage
at Tyndall Air Base including it looks
like to lots of aircraft at that base
the Dow Jones dropped over 500 points
today after it lost over 800 points
yesterday this two day sell-off may be a
fluke it may be about larger systemic
concerns involving the president's
elective trade war or the Fed or
whatever but for whatever reason
dropping 1,400 points in two days is
enough to flip anyone's stomach today
the US Senate made plans to go home and
not come back until well after the
midterms are over wow must be nice a
third of the seats in the US Senate are
up this election so lots of incumbent
senators of course want to head home to
campaign instead of being stuck in in
Washington doing all that dumb voting on
stuff and all the other boring Senate
stuff they don't really like still
though the deal they reached to go home
now until after the election seems like
a really cheap deal for Republicans as
part of this deal Democrats agreed that
they would speed the approval of 15 male
Trump appointed federal judges a new
list of 15 in exchange for that's what
that's what they're giving the Democrats
are giving all right we're gonna speed
through 15 male judges you want for
lifetime appointments okay you can get
those we
get in response the right to go home now
that seems to be the whole deal if
something seems off to you about that
you're right I mean obviously it hurts
Democratic incumbents as much as it
hurts Republican incumbents to not be
able to you know campaign at home so
nobody really knows why Democrats agreed
to give up any semblance of a fight on
15 lifetime federal judge appointments
in order just to be allowed to go home
but that's what they did why do you have
to make a major unilateral concession to
get something that the other side wants
to if you'd said no we're not gonna give
you all those judges the Republicans
might have said okay we'll all stay here
and none of us can go home in campaign
or they might have said now we really
want to go home
either way Democrats wouldn't be any
worse off when it comes to fighting with
the Republicans right now ah but hey
it's done at Democrats so it's not like
anybody's disappointed because it's not
like anyone expected anything better
last night we had a really big viewer
response from a story we did quite
towards the end of the show about what
appears to be a big voter suppression
effort that's underway in the state of
Georgia Georgia's the state where
Democrat Stacey Abrams on the right is
running for governor against the
Republican Secretary of State Brian Kemp
now as the sitting Secretary of State in
Georgia Brian camp is in charge of
elections in that state he has not
stepped down from those responsibilities
even though he himself will be at the
top of the ticket in November because
he's the Republican Party's candidate
for governor
so he's effectively supervising his own
election as we talked about last night
based on new reporting from the AP Brian
Kemp's office has put on hold they
basically put in limbo 53,000
applications for voter registrations in
his state so these are people who have
tried to register to vote in this year's
election in Georgia but the Secretary of
State's office is not letting them do it
these people have submitted their voter
registration applications Secretary of
State is holding them and not letting
them go through of the 53,000
applications that Brian Kemp's office is
currently sitting on the AP reports that
nearly
70% of those applications are from
african-american voters the overall
population in Georgia is like somewhere
between 30 and 35 percent black 70
percent of the applications he's
blocking are from black voters hmm I
wonder what all this is about
since the AAP first reported on this
problem in Georgia and this is a big
problem tens of thousands of
registrations there's been sort of a
growing uproar not just in that state
but around the country about it well
tonight the lawyers Committee for civil
rights has announced that they've filed
a lawsuit against Brian Kemp over those
registrations that he and his office are
blocking ahead of his own gubernatorial
election lawyers Committee for civil
rights seems fairly confident in their
prospects of beating Brian Kemp in this
lawsuit they say they have beaten him in
the past on this same issue and they
expect to do so again that confidence is
interesting and it may be true that
they're gonna beat him here but you know
tick-tock the election at this point is
26 days away but here's another
jaw-dropping story about the election
this one also just breaking over the
last 24 hours and this one ends with a
bizarre arrest we're gonna hear from a
moment in the person who was arrested at
the end of this story here's where the
story starts nineteen seventy one voting
age in this country changes from 21 to
18 and that meant for one thing that
Americans who are getting sent off to go
fight in Vietnam
they'd now be old enough to vote for or
against the politicians who were sending
them to fight which seems just like a
baseline morally correct thing to do as
a practical matter though that voting
change from 21 to 18 meant that 11
million new voters were suddenly created
in the United States all at once at
least 11 million young people were newly
eligible to vote and that's a very
exciting prospect if you had faith in
the electoral wisdom of young voters but
there was 11 million new voters were
also a very scary prospect to people who
didn't like the way they thought young
people would vote you know we're almost
almost 50 years on from that change in
American law and the dynamic is
basically still exactly the same I mean
this
in 2018 Republicans best chance for
holding on to Congress is if young
people don't get out and vote the
polling data from this year that shows
that most young people don't intend to
vote in the elections in November that
literally is Republicans best hope of
holding on to control of Congress and
it's Democrats worst fear but back in
1971 when they first dropped the voting
age from 21 to 18 so 18 19 20 year-olds
could all vote back then when they made
the change there was a bit of a national
freakout specifically over the prospect
of college students voting as a bloc in
the college towns where they lived and
went to school from Middlebury Vermont
to Lexington Kentucky from Mississippi
to New Jersey Texas Pennsylvania
Michigan all over the country in college
towns there were lawsuits all of a
sudden to try to stop students from
voting in their college towns once the
voting age went to 18 happen everywhere
and almost everywhere those lawsuits
were filed they failed because the
courts kept finding over and over again
that if anybody over age 18 can vote in
this country and vote where they live
well that applies to college students
too just because college students live
where they go to school that doesn't
change anything about their right to
vote where they live the courts were
almost universally consistent on that
point that college students over the age
of 18 have a constitutional right to
register and vote from where they're
living to go to school but still
eventually even though unless the lower
courts all lined up eventually those
legal fights made it up to the Supreme
Court and that's because of a
particularly brutal fight over this
subject at a school called Prairie View
Prairie View am in Waller County Texas
Prairie View is sort of just northwest
of Houston it's between Houston and
Austin as the crow flies purview a.m. is
a historically black college in a County
Waller County Texas that's not so black
right now Waller County Texas the
overall population of the county is
about 70% white but the student body
population at Prairie View A&M is 82
percent black and in 1972 the
year after the voting age change from 21
to 18 lots and lots of students at
prayer review decided that they wanted
to register and vote for the 1972
election it was a superhot election
right
Nixon's running for re-election running
against a liberal anti-war candidate
George McGovern Prairie View students
you know 18 19 20 year olds they've
newly got the right to vote they decide
like students all around the country
that they wanted to register and vote
and they decided that in large numbers
county officials in Waller County Texas
though decided they were not going to
allow that they did not want these
prairie view students voting not in
their County top elections official on
the county dug in personally and decided
he would make it his life's mission to
block those students from voting in his
County he had his own ideas about what
constituted a real Waller County
resident for the purposes of voting and
students at that black school did not
fit that idea that he had and so he
invented all sorts of tests that had the
effect of not letting students at that
local college register to vote in Waller
County that turned into a legal fight
that wound its way through the courts
ultimately by 1979 in that fight got to
the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court
ruled unequivocally in the students
favor just like all those lower courts
had said - you can vote where you live
even if the reason you're living there
is because you're going to college there
it is an unequivocal principle affirmed
by the Supreme Court
thanks to those students at Prairie View
a.m. in Texas who wouldn't give up but
Waller County Texas it turns out they
wouldn't give up either they wouldn't
give up trying to shut down those
students from voting not in their County
are you kidding have you seen those
students right even after that Supreme
Court ruling in 1979 Waller County kept
going after those students at that local
college over and over and over again in
1992 so more than a decade after the
Supreme Court had ruled in the students
favor in 1992
more than a dozen students from Prairie
View A&M got indicted got criminally
charged for illegally voting originally
it was reported that 14 students were
indicted
ultimately it was actually nineteen
students who got indicted they're
invited for indicted for illegally
voting they were not illegally voting
they were voting from their residential
address which was this school the
college at which they resided but the
county just decided you know what that
looks it legal to us nineteen students
indicted clearly an effort to keep
students at that school from voting in
the 1992 election ultimately the
Department of Justice sent a nasty
letter to county officials amid that
pressure from Washington amid the uproar
over the students being indicted that
photo they're quoting Public Enemy right
remember as 1992 ultimately after the
uproar all those indictments did get
dismissed but Waller County wasn't done
in 2003 the county DA published a letter
in the county newspaper declaring that
no matter what the law said no matter
what the court said he's still
considered it to be illegal for students
at Prairie View to vote he personally
pledged in the local paper that he would
indict any students who voted for
criminal voter fraud I was 2003-2006 in
the elections that year hundreds of
Prairie View students had their votes
challenged again on the basis of the
fact that those students had committed
the Grievous voting crime of trying to
vote while being students at a
historically black college in a mostly
white County in 2008 the county decided
that despite the thousands of students
at the college despite the thousands of
registered voters among the students at
the college the county decided in its
wisdom that they would set up a super
convenient polling place for those
students that was just about 30 miles
from campus this county in Texas Waller
County in Texas I mean the Supreme Court
Erno they have just absolutely dug in
they will do anything they can to make
it as hard as possible for these black
students to vote they'll do anything
they can wasn't until 2013 almost 40
years after that Supreme Court ruling in
the students favor that the students
ever got their first polling location
that was actually on campus unless do
you think that means
that the fight there is at least now
over no it's not because now it's 2018
and so now the county has a new plan
this is from Houston Station local
Houston station KHOU nearly 10,000
students attend Prairie View A&M
University so we're talking a lot of
potential votes turns out two addresses
Prairie View A&M students were told to
use on registration forms are in
different precincts meaning that on
Election Day a large number of students
might not be able to vote on campus or
they possibly be turned away Trey do Han
is County Judge and tells me the Waller
County Elections Office is working with
Prairie View a.m. to remedy address
issues we understand that that Waller
County's had a history but we have
worked very hard to make sure the
students have their right to vote I want
all the students at Prairie View to know
there is nothing nothing that's going to
be done that's going to deprive them of
their ability to vote if they've
registered for this election if they've
registered for this election if if
they've registered but are they register
are they properly registered you saw the
bit in that news footage about the two
addresses that per review students were
told to use on their voter registration
forms that was at the direction of the
county what the County told students at
Prairie View was that if they want to
register to vote they should register to
vote using to school addresses that the
county gave them the county told them to
use those addresses on their
registration forms now the county says
actually no maybe one of those addresses
is wrong hope you didn't register using
that one deadline to register to vote
for next month's elections in Texas was
this week it was Tuesday so yesterday
Wednesday that after the deadline the
campaign for the Democratic
congressional candidate in that district
Matt Siegal Democrat who's running
against Republican incumbent congressman
Michael McCaul he sent his field
director to Waller County Courthouse to
deliver a letter to deliver this letter
it's a letter that's basically trying to
protect the vote of the students at
Prairie View
it's a letter from local Democrats
including the field directors candidate
mr. Siegel and it demands that since
these students registered to vote using
the address the county gave them and
told them to put on their forms the
county shouldn't now block these kids
from voting or try to send them
somewhere else or filled them out to
some other precinct that they don't know
where it is or make them fill out
additional documentation like they've
done something wrong
what these kids did was follow the
counties directions for how to register
they didn't do anything wrong if the
county screw did that they shouldn't put
it on these kids and make it harder for
them to vote or block those kids for
voting in order to deal with their own
mistake so that's the letter candidate
Mike single sends his field director
down to the county seat down to the
County Courthouse to personally deliver
this letter time is of the essence right
the voter registration deadline was on
Tuesday he sends his field director down
to the courthouse the day after the
voter registration deadline yesterday
field director delivers the letter to a
clerk at the courthouse field director
that apparently snaps a picture of the
fact that he has delivered the letter to
the clerk at the courthouse to verify
that the letter has been delivered then
they arrested him they asked him what
party the candidate was whose campaign
he worked for and then they arrested him
and yes it's as weird as it sounds this
is from the Houston chronicles write-up
of what happened here quote a field
director for Democratic congressional
candidate Mike Siegel was arrested at
the Waller County Courthouse yesterday
after he delivered a letter demanding
the County update the status of students
at a nearby college whose registrations
were thrown into question the day before
the bailiff stopped the campaign field
director as he was trying to exit the
building and then apparently called the
police
field director then called the candidate
he works for who's an attorney the
candidate Mike Siegel said on the phone
with his field director he heard his
field director being repeated excuse me
repeatedly asking why he was being held
by police and whether he was free to go
at one point the field director told a
detaining officer that the lawyer he was
on the phone with during this
conversation was a candidate who was
running for Congress according to the
candidate in his field
director the officer then asked quote
what party is he from shortly after the
field director told him that his
candidate was Democrat the young field
director was arrested he was told
apparently that he was being arrested
for a 48 hour investigative detention
there were initial reports that he was
arrested for not producing
identification to a law enforcement
officer we've seen other reports that
said he was arrested arrested for
suspicious behavior in a courthouse
police coughs ooh scuse me as sheriff's
captain told that to Josh Marshall the
editor at Talking Points Memo today so
but any case they arrested him the guy's
out now but here's my here's like the
the might sort of like the favorite
little grace note for me in this whole
story after they arrested the
congressional candidates field director
reportedly after confirming with him
that he worked for a Democratic campaign
specifically after they arrested him and
they held him and then they finally let
him out even after they finally let him
out
they kept his phone he is the field
director for the Democratic
congressional candidate in that district
and the election is less than a month
away now local law enforcement has
confiscated his phone for the crime of
handing over a letter trying to make
sure that local students at the local
black college can vote this time happy
2018 I know it feels like your TV set
should be in black and white so I'm
telling this story but now this is us
now joining us now it's Mike Siegel
Democratic congressional candidate and
his field director Jacob Aronowitz who
was arrested yesterday mr. Siegel mr.
Aronowitz thank you very much for being
with us tonight I appreciate you both
making the time thank you so much Rachel
we're really glad for this opportunity
Thank You Rachel
Jacob I know I'm gonna say this as a
both a thank you and a caveat I have
been advised that you have been awake
for well over 24 hours and that you're
in a little bit of physical distress at
this point because of what you have been
through I'd want to thank you for making
time given those circumstances and just
ask you what you have been through over
the last the last day or so what what
actually have you been through well your
recounting of events was accurate I was
arrested and held at the Waller County
sheriff's Jail and the phone was taken
it was confiscated and at the time of
its confiscation they said they were
gonna seek a warrant to to go through
its contents and that didn't happen and
I did get the phone back earlier today
ah but the the experience was harrowing
and well it made me reflect on what
people in that County deal with on a
day-to-day year-to-year basis mr. Siegel
I understand from reporting both in
Houston Chronicle and from Josh Marshall
at Talking Points Memo that you
apparently were on the phone with Jacob
while he was being detained and
basically up until the point where he
was arrested
essentially conferring with him and
trying to advise him through this
process what was that like for you at
first I thought it was a joke you know
that they were just going to ask him a
couple questions and let him go but as
it continued further and further and
more and more law enforcement officials
arrived I think by the end Jacob was
surrounded by seven or more deputies and
police officers I realized that you know
we are in a different place
you know I'm lucky enough to live in
Austin Texas and we don't face this kind
of repression on a day-to-day basis but
the idea that a simple taking of a
picture of delivering a letter would end
up being kept in custody for two hours
and you know they put their hands on
Jacob they wouldn't let him go they
threatened to hold him for multiple days
I was horrified that that they would do
this to someone for the simple act of
delivering a letter and what's the
status of the students who were the
subject of that letter I ran through a
little bit of the history of purview am
honestly I could do a week-long series
about that history because it is such an
important thing in American civil rights
and what those students have been up
against what they fought for what they
continued to have to fight for is a heck
of a saga in American voting rights and
civil rights but Mike what's the what's
the status right now in terms of whether
or not these potentially thousands of
voters at Prairie View am are going to
be able to cast
their votes without any hassle on
Election Day well we're hopeful that
through shining a light on this issue
that we can achieve the objective of
having all the students voting status
restored and taking away this impediment
where they're being asked to fill out
additional papers which will of course
lengthen the wait for voting and would
discourage some students from voting but
I'm just really thankful that I'm able
to use my campaign to shine light on
this issue this historic issue that
you've outlined I mean there are so many
women of color african-american leaders
in that community who have been fighting
for voting rights for decades and so the
fact that we can use this campaign to to
shine a light on what's happening in
Waller County gives me a little bit of
encouragement
I think big picture we're gonna have to
continue to negotiate with Waller County
with the county judge to get them to
reverse their decision one one thing you
didn't know Rachel was that they just
announced this decision two weeks before
the close of voter registration so on
September 26th is when they announced at
a meeting that they were gonna change
the way they perceive the voting status
of the students and so really this is
this very late change to the voting
status and it's something that would not
be allowed under the previous version of
the Voting Rights Act
you know Texas used to be in
preclearance and this is something that
because it's an impediment to voting
wouldn't have been allowed but for that
recent Supreme Court decision that
invalidated part of the Voting Rights
Act right specifically Waller County
used to have to get you stopped to prove
to the Justice Department that if they
were making any change in their policies
or practices around election they'd have
to prove that it wasn't either intended
to are going to have the effect of
racial discrimination
now since the conservative majority and
the Supreme Court killed the Voting
Rights Act gutted that part of it they
no longer have to make that proof ask
you just one last question before you go
and this is actually for Jacob Jacob
there's been reporting that you before
you arrested you were specifically asked
whether the candidate or what party the
candidate was whose campaign you were
working for I just want to confirm with
you whether or not that that actually
happened I think that struck people a
lot of struck a lot of people around the
country as a sort of a shocking part of
this that you were asked what party mr.
Siegel was before you were arrested is
that true yeah that is accurate and mr.
Siegel Mike was on the phone on
speakerphone and he
the question asked as well and honestly
that might have been one of the most
chilling parts of the entire encounter
peak because there's like I mean it's
pretty clear where someone's coming from
when they ask you a question like that
yeah especially my arresting you
exactly exactly it was it was a very
very chilling question and as I said
Mike heard it too so I can definitely
confirm that Democratic congressional
candidate Mike Siegel is running against
Michael McCaul Republican incumbent
incumbent in in Texas campaign field
director Jacob Aronowitz Jacob I hope
you get some sleep
thanks for making time both of us to
talk us through this much appreciated
thank you appreciate it more ahead
tonight's do stay with us hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
