we turned out to are made in the USA
series and a company that is on a
mission to reinvent what it means to
make it in America when the BOK family
immigrated here 20 years ago they were
determined to create their own American
Dream
but it wasn't until a trip to Haiti
after the 2010 earthquake that they saw
firsthand the massive impact technology
can have on struggling communities five
years later the family created BAC USA a
social enterprise that is on a mission
to make mobile technology more
accessible for schools and small
businesses across the world and unlike
their competitors they are all doing it
right here in the USA
joining me now Christian and Ava Bach
from BAC USA ava you were inspired to
start this company after helping with
the devastating earthquake that took
place in Haiti tell me about it so as a
family in 2010 as you mentioned we went
down to Haiti to try to help and what we
found and what we learned from our
experience there is that in order to
help the best way to do that was to
create sustainable employment and then
we went to Buffalo and replicated the
model here Buffalo hmm help us out Chris
because companies like Apple Apple it's
got quite a bit more money than your
team does have said it's just impossible
to manufacture their devices here in the
US what's your secret well I think
that's a great story and I thank you for
asking it because it's really a part of
a larger strategic vision which is to
focus on those overlooked communities
and bring our modern manufacturing model
to really help those cities serve
themselves we want to focus on
rejuvenating cities Steve Case is called
the rise of the rest and if you look at
it that way Buffalo is an almost obvious
choice you know it's got great community
support it's got a burgeoning startup
scene dedicated workforce and we've even
seen individual support through you know
our lead backer Tom Golisano who is from
Western New York who supported us for
nearly three and a half years so it's
been a real fortunate thing for us that
we chose Buffalo AVA your company isn't
just Buffalo based you employ people for
more than 20 different countries is a
diverse
work force integral to your mission
absolutely it's how we started it's what
we're all about so we really wanted to
go back to the American dream of
creating this you know very diverse
group of people who are all working
towards one goal together and every day
we are just so lucky to see these people
working together getting along and and
and really you know being a team which
is just amazing especially when you look
at whatever everything else that's going
on in the world well I you know each
technician I learned build these
computers and tablets from start to
finish you don't use an assembly line so
talk us through this Chris because your
goal is to build these devices in these
tablets for small businesses and
communities so take me from constructing
them sans assembly line to the hands
they end up well see that's part of the
larger modern manufacturing strategy
that we have really advanced
manufacturing so we use what's called
collaborative robots or cobots it's a
pretty cool design it's a cellular
system where each person is actually
working with a robot and really the
robot is serving them not the other way
around I think we've seen enormous
advantages of that that model not just
from a from an HR and a human
perspective you know we obviously want
to bring humanity back into electronics
manufacturing but also the small batch
and the small tweaks that we can make
for each individual customer so that
when our product lands on their dock or
on their table it's ready to go and they
don't need to have a huge IT team you
know customizing the products for them
like they probably do with some of our
competitors if I do you have any fears
or concerns about the impending trade
war or the president's take on trade
these days no so we are
you know a private company I mean we're
trying to of course stay up-to-date
about what's what's going on you know in
the in the world and in America but
right now we don't have great concerns
do you have anything to add cushion yeah
I have one concern which is the
made-in-the-usa designation that's
probably our biggest problem look when
we ship overseas we're proud to to label
our products is made in the USA when we
ship domestically that's not legally
possible which means that when our
assemblers and our technicians are
putting together products that really
have high quality and built to the
American Standard they're not able to to
faithfully put on the device that
actually this was made here not just
assembled with foreign parts so I think
that's a huge issue that we need to
tackle going forward hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
