oh let me ask you something if you get a
text message from somebody who works for
me yeah
I sometimes do yeah okay okay and vase I
can't imagine what's inside the Sun
rises in the West yeah but you don't get
that tax message for me and you know
that I know the Sun rises in the East
are you gonna freak out are you gonna
call me up and then when I actually tell
you yes the Sun rises the are you gonna
be freaking about about the people who
work for me are people that worked for
me in Congress or does what I say matter
the most you actually have the guy
wanting the FBI that through the
election for Donald Trump and yet a
couple of subordinates that are making
out or texting each other stupid nasty
things well I said more than that it's
not even that I think that Comey I'm I I
don't even believe that commies intent
was and there's nothing in the IG report
suggests that his intent was even to
throw the election for Donald Trump but
the reality of it is there's no deal
like sit there on and there's no
demonstration in anything that's been
written here that struck actually did
anything after sending this text to
accomplish what he said he was gonna he
says absolutely Willie no documentary
evidence no evidence of any kind and
again if you look here's the quote and I
know you guys would love to hear it
I'm gonna say it just for you our review
did not find documentary or testimonial
evidence directly connecting the
political views of these employees
expressed in their text messages and
instant messages to specific
investigative decisions we reviewed in
fact if you look at the record Willie in
fact what happened after those text
messages were sent James Comey launched
the greatest October surprise in the
history of American politics and it
ripped to shreds Hillary Clinton's
campaign and that is the headline out of
the Justice Department IG report it's as
John says about as predictable as it
could get that Rudy Giuliani in the
White House would seize on these texts
from lisa page and Peter struck that
they believe shows corruption inside the
FBI and corruption now with the Muller
investigation because they worked on it
although
last summer immediately when he found
out Robert Miller threw them off this
investigation so Michael Schmidt was
just one just quick thing just to say
this just talk is cheap you know
rakesh epoch is any investigation in any
circumstance that we could have people
talk they say stuff all the time the
question here in this report is what
what's the noise what's the white noise
among various employees various people
the FBI right and what was the was the
action what actually occurred as opposed
to what were people saying in the tell
me well what do you call me do when we
breath as opposed to what did some
staffers say protocol in a way that
destroyed Hillary Clinton's campaign ten
days out and everybody knows it Michael
the report the IG report calls James
Comey insubordinate critical not just of
the two letters on the eve of the
election but also that July press
conference where he came out they said
it was inappropriate that he didn't need
to come out and make public statements
about that you've combed through this
thing what are your headlines from the
IG report well if you didn't like Comey
before you're not but it's a judgment
question there's nothing new in this
report that shows that Comey lied that
he distorted anything so in terms of a
witness he hasn't really moved that much
he's incredibly important to the Muller
investigation he is the central person
in the obstruction question the firing
of Comey asking Comey to end the Flint
investigation but we don't we don't find
Comey to be a liar but just back on on
your point the president lawyers told
Muller in January that he believes he
has the power to end any type of
investigation to use his Pat and Park
power to pardon to do that as well so if
he thinks this is a witch hunt and he
looks at this document he does have the
power to call rod Rosenstein or call
Jeff Sessions and say put an end to this
so the question is if Rudy's saying that
mm-hmm why doesn't the president go
ahead and do that himself because
controls the executor why he doesn't
because he knows would be obstruction of
justice he knows that his campaign
manager who he said was critical for him
getting elected getting the Republican
nomination is being marched in the court
it is not obstruction of justice if he
if he has his lawyer out there
saying the Attorney General in the
deputy justice it's all obstruction of
justice and the fact that more people
aren't shocked and the fact that the
Republican Party Suzan that has just
lost its soul I mean Paul Ryan my god
asked about this he trashes the entire
FBI as shameless as he is asked about
the EPA director he said I've been too
busy to pay fees been too busy to pay
attention my dog could tell you half of
the things that Pruitt has done they
it's it's see no evil hear no evil speak
no evil and that really started with
speaker Ryan when he allowed those
confidential memos or information to be
released a memo form and that was
probably the out of the out of committee
he like Muniz to do that that was
probably the beginning of the end of
that but what I find so what I think
we're going forward looking at the IG
report and the way Rudy Giuliani tied it
into Muller and two other things is that
this now is actually all playing into
Donald Trump's hands because people
aren't able to process all of these
things we also have the Attorney General
of New York come out with us with an
indictment against Donald Trump's
charity and by the way it's hard to
count how many criminal charges could
the IRS bring against Donald Trump
because of those follow that is and it
should be noted that this isn't a this
wasn't criminal this is on the civil
side and there are tons of issues on the
taxes which because he used some of
those foundation expenses to cover
businesses I wonder if that really opens
up an avenue to explore his tax returns
and if the New York AG starts going into
his business tax returns that's going to
be a whole different situation for Trump
and how it plays into the Muller
investigation so watching Paul Ryan who
ran as Mitt Romney's vice presidential
running it's hard to remember as Speaker
of the House seemed to be a leader and a
good man
it is really a heartbreaking political
decline and that's saying it nicely
here's his statement in part about
alleged bias at the FBI
I know that the FBI is home to many
dedicated public servants and director
Chris Rea now has an enormous
responsibility to earn back the public's
trust in this institution well Willie I
think Paul Ryan needs to understand the
public does trust that it's just the
press in the United States it doesn't
trust ya and lackeys on Capitol Hill who
were trashing the FBI every day well he
oughta I think the president has
convinced a certain segment of the
population at the FBI is corrupt Paul
Ryan is helping him do that well that's
what he has a her love of country is
just so it's really coming through today
yeah coming job for the United States of
America
yeah and you mentioned the EPA stuff too
was staggering that he said he hadn't
heard of any of the Scott Pruett
scandals he has by the way director
Christopher Ray seemed to agree with how
much the IG report actually in pooned
the entire FBI let's see the OIG report
makes clear that we've got some work to
do but let's also be clear on the scope
of this report it's focused on a
specific set of events back in 2016 in a
small number of FBI employees connected
to those events nothing nothing in this
report impugns the integrity of our
workforce as a whole or the FBI as an
institution Christopher raise out their
basic standing alone I said he agreed he
disagreed with what Paul Ryan said he's
trying to take up for the for the FBI he
stalled Trump's appointee right well
it's for right yeah Trump Trump but
point him he I'm right about that Donald
Trump appointed him by the way you know
he keeps his dumb film talks about this
Democratic would shine again yeah I just
did you know hold on let me go through
the Democrats Christopher ray now he's
the Republican Donald Trump appointed
the Attorney General those no way Jeff
Sessions he appointed pedrad brother now
he's he's a Republican to Rudra's and
signs a Republican - they're all
reporting coming yeah yeah yeah Jon
Meacham
how you doing this morning well anything
going on up there John I you know I
don't you you have an IG report that
comes out and it is completely twisted
by the president United States yeah they
try to pick two people two underlings
who were idiots texting each other and
saying horrible things about Donald
Trump just like a lot of FBI agents and
CIA agent said horrible things about
Barack Obama especially the New York
office
just like CIA and FBI agents said
horrible things about george w bush and
the lead up to the Iraq war there was a
civil war inside the CIA against George
W Bush there were constant leaks against
George W Bush starting in the fall of
2002 these things happened John and
you've got Rudy Giuliani with his
bulging eyeballs acting like a snowflake
like this is the first time that this
has happened in any bureaucracies it
hath God it's happened in the State
Department since Thomas Jefferson walked
in there yeah actually you know he
started Jefferson started a newspaper to
fight Hamilton
you know while he was in the State
Department I think three things happened
this week that are hugely important that
we will actually look back on as we as
we do the history of this era one is we
have yet another affirmation of why
Donald Trump is president and Jim Comey
for all of his service to the country
bears a good bit of responsibility for
that fact of our national existence
right now
and that's that's just a hugely
important thing we should stop Laura
your judge Walsh back in 1992 came made
an announcement that he was reading
casper weinberger in the last minutes of
the Bush Clinton Perot race this is
that's paintball in here what we have
here it barely left a bruise you know
this this is serious the other is that
the Attorney General of the United
States decides bizarre
to invoke Holy Scripture to talk about
the one of the most striking human
rights abuses that our governments been
part of in a very long time and that's
just you know a Shakespeare said the
devil can quote scripture to his purpose
and we saw that this week and the third
thing is bob Corker of tennessee who's
on his way out
used a really important word about the
republican party cultish he said that
the party is becoming a cultish thing in
regard to trump and you saw that with
the sanford news in south carolina you
saw it with paul ryan and you're gonna
see that text message the will stop him
which could become the twisting slowly
slowly in the wind sort of phrase of
this whole scandal is gonna live forever
on the right wing and the question is is
that right wing gonna be the 35 percent
that was always with joe mccarthy or is
it gonna be closer to 45 or 48 percent
the job means is amilia war for that 13
but Jon Meacham will stop him turned
into we elected him will elect him yeah
no we we elected him James Comey elected
him the IG report shows they had the
Abidine Weiner emails for a month they
sat on it if they had been released or
that letter had been sent when they were
reviewing them then Hillary Clinton most
likely still would have won the election
they were dropped I can tell you and I
said it when all of these women came out
on sexual harassment charges against
Donald Trump and I said and I think was
like probably a month month and a half
before and I said you know if they had
dropped these 10 days before said it in
real time if they dropped these 10 days
before he wouldn't recover from tsukkomi
drops a letter ten days before and I'm
sorry I don't know what's going on in
James commis mind I know he's a
showboater
but anybody that knows anything about
politics knows you drop something like
that 10 days before there's no recovery
it's a you know in a different way it's
like the 2000 election a really
compelling case can be made that the
reason george w bush lost the popular
vote in 2000 was that thursday or friday
night before the election the news of
his DUI came out yeah and you know that
the bush people will tell you that it
lost them they thought maybe three or
four million votes among particularly
religious folks who were just so tired
of political figures not seeming to be
what they were and bush had to dig dig
out of that so any as you write anything
that happens in those in those last
hours and it would the the larger issue
you raised is we're in a real stress
test here for is the can the public
separate that detect a stray text
message from an FBI agent from the
larger question the 13 indictments and
more coming or will Rudy roy cohn
Giuliani successfully ops Fugate
everything into one big miasma in which
the the Trump base decides that there is
that the trunk base become so impervious
to reason that even when they're hit
over the head with it they can't find it
you know Willie isn't it quaint we we
had times if actually when evangelicals
were so shocked and stunned they
wouldn't vote for a man who had a DUI
back in college hmm and now payoffs to
porn stars and play grab whatever
grabbing them blocker and when he a you
go on and on and on attacking people
viciously yeah ripping babies from
mothers arms at the border that only
makes evangelicals loving even more what
do they say Joe we elected a president
not a saint
yeah that's right there
riding on right now Michael this I G
report it seems to me is yet another
political Rorschach test for our tribal
times which is that supporters when
Hillary Clinton will see rightly in here
that James Comey put his thumb on the
scale and perhaps prevented her from
becoming president and Trump supporters
will listen to what Rudy Giuliani and
the White House say and say look there
was corruption there's corruption inside
the FBI therefore Muller ate either
ought to go or if he stays you ought not
listen to what his conclusions are on
either side if you want to understand
this report and you want to understand
what happened before the election you
have to look at the incredible nuance of
this the complexities of individual
sending politically tinged text messages
but also not executing things in an
investigation that are that are to that
and and that is a very difficult thing
for people to get their heads around and
especially in these times with both
sides hitting it I don't think anyone is
going to look at it with clear eyes and
until that happens no one will be
satisfied with the 2016 election
especially the left Michael Schmitt
thank you very very much for being on
recording still ahead on Morning Joe by
the way what's going to happen today
with Madoff or with Manta for not if
we're can I mean it looks like you know
a pretty strong case that the government
has I think more importantly than that
it shows how aggressive Mahler's guys
are being and it just makes you wonder
what else they're doing if they're
they're willing to be this aggressive
with men afford on this type of issue
and throw him in jail what else is going
on what about in the Southern District
of New York a lot of talk that the
president's former lawyer is going to
start cooperating with the feds I think
that Michael Cohen has an enormous
amount of pressure under him and as
someone who I spoke to who deals with
all this craziness said the guys who
talk the toughest at the beginning are
often the first ones to go and Michael
talked pretty tough at the beginning
whoa
still ahead on Morning Joe we're going
to circle back to where we started the
White House pretending it is not
responsible for its own policy of
separating immigrant children from their
families plus the latest plans
a new tent city to house some of those
children and up next Paul Ryan
apparently hasn't read the newspaper for
the past few months frankly I haven't
paid that close attention to it I would
refer you to the authorizing committee
that oversees EPA I'm glad with the kind
of regulatory position they've taken but
I can't I don't know enough about what
Pruitt has or has not done to give you a
good comment thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
