right now at least eleven thousand two
hundred unaccompanied children are in
custody and care of the administration
for children and families according to a
spokesperson from the Department of
Health and Human Services and there's
new criticism of the policy from
religious leaders some of whom are the
same ones who supported President Trump
the Southern Baptist Convention passed a
resolution stating quote God commands
his people to treat immigrants with the
same respect and dignity as those
native-born we desire to see immigration
reform include an emphasis on securing
our borders and providing a pathway to
legal status maintaining the priority of
family unity joining me now is ronald
Vitello acting deputy commissioner of
the US Customs and Border Protection sir
thank you for joining me I noticed
you've got a black bar across your
shield can you tell us a bit about that
yeah unfortunately we lost an
intelligence officer outside of Grand
Forks North Dakota last week last
Thursday and we're memorializing him
today so we will wear the mourning bands
until that ceremony is complete all
right and I understand you also had
patrol agents shot at the Arizona border
on Tuesday yeah another sobering
reminder of how the boy is sometimes a
volatile place one of our agents near
Tucson out in the brush was attacked by
smugglers shot several times but we're
very grateful that he's highly trained
and knew what to do in that situation
cared for himself and he was wearing his
ballistic vest so we're very happy to
report that he has been released from
the hospital already and we're looking
for suspects there are about eight
people in custody now we're not sure
whether or not they were involved they
were nearby the incident when it
occurred well thank you for your service
and our thoughts are with your members
let's talk about the issue at hand you
say that only migrants caught crossing
illegally will be taken into custody and
separated from their parents or from
their children but we've seen several
reports of documented separation after
families present themselves legally at a
port of entry can you tell me what the
actual case is here we have gotten a
commitment from the Justice Department
namely the Attorney General working with
the Secretary of Homeland Security we're
not accepting any class of alien who
crosses the border illegally between the
ports of entry and so when that occurs
we're referring those cases of
prosecutor
and if there happens to be a family then
that there are temporarily separated
while that prosecution occurs and then
there are steps within HHS and ice
detention to reunite those families once
that process is complete and you're
talking about between ports of entry so
if somebody comes in with a family and
asks for asylum at a port of entry they
won't be separated from their children
that's that's correct that's the way the
law works okay in a typical day how many
people are coming into the United States
without authorization or how many people
end up being arrested are you the front
line are you the ones who arrest them
it's about 1,500 a day yeah the Border
Patrol will is responsible for the area
in between the ports of entries within
CBP but CBP also does the port's as well
so Customs and Border Protection at the
ports of entry so in between the ports
the Border Patrol do that and we've
we've worked with the Justice Department
to refer all cases of illegal entry of
people who are crossing the border
illegally we've got reports of about
eleven thousand two hundred kids in a
hundred shelters there ninety-five
percent full at what point do these
children leave your care and get handed
over to HHS as soon as possible our role
in CBP is to address their needs and
then put them through sort of a bookend
procedure right set them up for a
removal hearing and then they're quickly
transferred as quickly as we can into
ice transportation to an HHS facility if
they come as unaccompanied minors and
that's that's the process as it is I
mean physically removing children from
their parents has got to be
heart-wrenching and extraordinarily
difficult regardless of how well you're
trained your officers are trained how do
you actually do that well a lot of us
are have our own family where these are
these are men and women are parents
themselves and so they they treat
everybody with dignity and respect but
we do have a job to do and we do want to
deter this from happening people are
sending their children to the border all
alone through the hands of smugglers and
investing in that we spend an inordinate
amount of resources trying to rescue
people there on this journey so we're
trying to discourage this activity there
are loopholes in the law that don't
allow us to hold people as a family unit
for more than 20 days that's a that's a
that's a matter of
of immigration and case law so we're
trying to address this the best way we
can we know that when people have a
consequence for illegal activity they do
less of it and that's what we're trying
to accomplish here what proportion of
the children who get taken into custody
and and and put into these care our
children who have come alone meaning not
with their parents versus those who are
separated from their parents after these
parents attempt to enter the United
States so I saw your report earlier
about the the shelter in Brownsville
seventy percent of those fifteen hundred
kids came to the border alone alone
meaning not with their parents perhaps
with smugglers or
literally on their own under the law
they're unaccompanied alien children
that's what the law treats at home when
they are separated from their parents
those who are separated from their
parents or for that matter those who
come alone and are put into these
centers is there some effort to ensure
that they are in contact with their
parents or that parents are notified or
perhaps parent parental consent is
sought for as we were discussing thank
you for watching this story by the way
medical care or psychological care is
there some connection to their parents
once they're being held in custody yes
they're given instructions at the
beginning of the process of how they how
they can get in touch with their parents
and then the back end when when the
adjudication for their criminal case is
done then we work to reunite them the
shelter's they're only in these shelters
long enough to be reunited with a family
member that's the purpose of it we are
hearing though as part of that report
that because they're full because
they're 95% full because as you said so
many people come over the borders we're
now looking at the potential for tent
cities do you think that degrades our
ability to give these children who you
know are really largely innocent of
anything they're kids the care that is
required our partners in HHS are
responsible for this the conditions the
setting what they're doing and what I
understand they're looking at are very
modern structures they are soft sided as
an attempt but it's nothing like a tent
that you and I would use to go camping
these are these are professionally built
facilities designed specifically for
this purpose
deputy commissioner you've worked in
border patrol since the mid-1980s and we
know that you're doing your job you're
your
Laurin law enforcement guy you you you
deal with people your staff are people
who follow the law and enforce it but
you just mentioned that a lot of your
staff are our family people and if I
were designing policy I'd probably want
input from somebody like you who has
been involved in this for as long as you
have what if we were collecting advice
if we were trying to make the best
policy around what do you have to say
about separating families separating
children from their parents we want
people that if they're if they have an
asylum if they're actual refugees from
someplace they should go to a port of
entry and make that claim we don't want
people crossing the border illegally
because it's dangerous then paying
smugglers in Mexico deteriorates the
rule of law in Mexico and makes that
more more dangerous they're fueling
cartel activity with this with this cash
so we want people that are refugees to
come to a port of entry to make that
claim what about the the point that some
people make on both sides by the way
wherever you are politically is that
these kids are becoming political pawns
they're part of what we have to address
if they weren't part of this flow we
would be doing better on the border with
drugs gang members and illegal aliens we
would be we wouldn't be distracted by
this humanitarian mission that were
forced to do alongside the law
enforcement work that we do I know this
is a tricky question but if you were the
one in charge of making the policy to
deal with the situation we've got right
now would you change anything no I
wouldn't because we need to send the
message that crossing the border is
illegal there has to be a consequence to
that activity we'll get less of it if
that works these are policies these are
steps that we asked the secretary and
the Attorney General to take if you
apply consequence to illegal activity to
get less of it that's what we're asking
for
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
