we begin tonight with the breaking news
reporting in The Washington Post tonight
the Washington Post is reporting quote
the Turkish government has told US
officials that it has audio and video
recordings that prove Washington Post
columnist Jamal khashoggi was killed
inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul
this month according to US and Turkish
officials the recordings show that a
Saudi security team detained Khashoggi
in the consulate after he walked in on
October 2nd to obtain an official
document before his upcoming wedding
then killed him and dismembered his body
the officials said the audio recording
that officials described reportedly
contains gruesome evidence of what
happened to khashoggi inside the
consulate quote you can hear his voice
and the voices of men speaking Arabic a
person said you can hear how he was
interrogated tortured and then murdered
Turkish officials are reportedly
concerned that releasing such a
recording could reveal Turkish
intelligence gathering techniques on
embassies and consulates in their
country the president began his day with
a phone call to Fox & Friends and even
the president's best friends at Fox and
Friends were surprised to hear him say
this morning that US relations with
Saudi Arabia are now his word excellent
it's a state with us-saudi relations sir
I would say you can't be killed so is
everything in jeopardy now sir is that
in jeopardy now I have to find out what
happened I mean I do have that and we're
probably getting closer than you might
think Fox and Friends obviously has a
better grasp than the president of what
the Jamal khashoggi story should mean
for US relations with Saudi Arabia later
that morning the president proved as in
all things that for him it is all about
the money no matter how many reporters
Saudi Arabia might decide to murder we
still have to be nice to them if they
buy us weapons systems I would not be in
favor of stopping a gun
from spending a hundred and ten billion
dollars which is an all-time record and
letting Russia have that money and
letting China have that money what good
is that to us again just took place in
Turkey and to the best of our knowledge
khashoggi is not a United States citizen
is that right it's a permanent resident
okay we don't like it John we don't like
it and we don't like it even a little
bit but as to whether or not we should
stop a hundred and ten billion dollars
from being spent in this country knowing
they have four or five alternatives two
very good alternatives that would not be
acceptable to pay everything the
president said there is a lie there is
no deal to sell a hundred and ten
billion dollars in weapons systems to
Saudi Arabia and in fact it would be
very difficult for Saudi Arabia to
obtain new weapon systems from other
countries that would be compatible with
the weapon systems that Saudi Arabia has
already heavily invested in from the
United States Bruce Riedel of the
Brookings Institution told The
Washington Post today it would take
decades to transition from US and UK
aircraft for example to Russian or
Chinese aircraft same as true for tanks
communications equipment and other
high-tech equipment then the Saudis
don't have time given they are bogged
down in Yemen when it comes to weapons
systems the United States has always
been dealing with Saudi Arabia from a
position of strength something Donald
Trump apparently does not know it is
Saudi Arabia that desperately needs
American weapons systems not the United
States that needs desperately to sell
them to Saudi Arabia Donald Trump
personally has always loved doing
business with Saudi Arabia no matter
what they do around the world Saudi
Arabia and I get along great with all of
them they buy apartments from me they
spend 40 million 50 million am I
supposed to dislike him I like him very
much joining our discussion now Shane
Harris intelligence and national
security reporter who helped break
tonight's story in The Washington Post
Shane thank you very much for joining us
tonight on this breaking news night
there are there are four of you by lined
on this I can see that it was teamwork
but what is your assessment of what the
evidence base is here knowing what you
know you have reports from officials who
are aware of these audio tapes what do
we know about who has actually heard
them well I think our understanding at
this point our best understanding is
that the Turks have heard them and have
access to this material and believe that
it's very compelling and demonstrates
proof in their mind that Jamal Khashoggi
was killed and tortured inside the
consulate they have shared the
information as we understand it about
what these recordings show and what you
can hear on them it's not cleared up
with American officials it's not clear
to us that they have physically handed
over the material to the US side so that
it can be assessed and analyzed but I
have to say from talking to US officials
about this in the past 24 to 48 hours
I'm not hearing anyone say that they
don't believe what the Turks are saying
or that they don't find it persuasive no
one is necessarily come out and saying
we've defined proof positive that it's
legitimate but I'm not hearing the kind
of pushback and skepticism you might
normally hear from intelligence
officials if they thought the
information was flawed
or or that it was incorrect you're also
reporting tonight that one other element
of evidence is that a friend of
Khashoggi texted him after he entered
the consulate and that text was never
received though there's evidence that it
wasn't received and and clearly that
indicates that Khashoggi has not been in
a position since shortly after entering
the consulate to respond or receive a
text right and this also you know this
comes with other pieces of information
sort of the absence of information in
some cases there's surveillance footage
that has been leaked out showing him
walking into the consulate there's
nothing showing him leaving so you're
sort of what we're seeing now and this
is the typical in a case like this where
you have this sort of mystery is these
different pieces of information
intelligence the mosaic are all starting
to line up clearly the Turks believe
from the beginning that since there was
footage of him going in and not coming
out that was pretty damning but now I
think what we're seeing is that they
really
that this other you know very documented
type of information quite graphic and
gruesome as you and Rachel said at the
top demonstrates to their mind I think
conclusively what happened here thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
