thing one tonight the Trump White House
has seen an unprecedented amount of
turnover more than any other
administration in the last 40 years and
now word of three more top aides looking
for the exits
legislative affairs director mark short
will be out by the summer according to
The Wall Street Journal and today press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders gave a
non-denial denial of a CBS news report
that she and her deputy press secretary
Raj Shah will be leaving as well but
according to the president he should
have no trouble hiring replacements
believe me everybody wants to work in
the White House they all want a piece of
that Oval Office they want a piece of
the West Wing so many people want to
come in I have a choice of anybody I
could take any position in the White
House and I'll have a choice of the 10
top people having to do with that
position everybody wants to be there
everybody wants to be here
well turns out not so much a closed
source to a source close to the
administration until CBS nobody wants to
come in to fill all these jobs so
they've gone through two rounds and now
they're at third tier of people who are
just looking out battlefield promotion
ends up promoting people who aren't
qualified for the position - you can
never tell really by the way they
operate in fact it's gotten so bad that
they are now trying a new recruiting
tactic the White House job fair is thing
- in 60 seconds
the Trump Whitehouse is losing so many
staffers and having such a hard time
finding people to replace them they're
turning to a conservative job fair to
get some new recruits political reports
that Republicans on the hill received an
email blast last night with a subject
line
interested in a job at the White House
and this flyer advertising an executive
branch job fair tomorrow afternoon at a
Senate office building the conservative
group hosting event says quote CPI seeks
to get the best most qualified
conservatives in front of the
administration so many people want to
come in I have a choice of anybody I
could take any position in the White
House and I'll have a choice of the ten
top people having to do with that
position everybody wants to be there hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
