administration is blaming everybody but
itself for what's going on at the border
right now children infants being
separated from their parents as part of
the White House's zero-tolerance policy
on illegal immigration
Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked about
Attorney General Jeff Sessions citing
the Bible in his defense of the policy
earlier today and things got heated I
can say that it is very biblical to
enforce the law that is actually
repeated a number of times throughout
the Bible however this is a hold on Jim
if you'll let me finish again I'm not
going to comment on the attorneys
specific comments that I haven't seen I
know it's hard for you to understand
even short sentences I guess but in
please don't take my words out of
context but the separation of a legal
family alien families is the product of
the same legal loopholes that Democrats
refuse to close and these laws are the
same that have been on the books for
over a decade and the president is
simply enforcing them it's policy
changed from civil hailing them as civil
matters to criminal he said a policy
change to enforce the law that's been
that's been this administration's policy
since the day we got here in April if he
was gonna make some handling it isn't so
it has been our administration's policy
it was added hurt they're separating
families to deter people from coming
here illegally
our administration has had the same
position since we started on day one
that we were going to enforce the law I
know it was something that wasn't high
on the priority list and the previous
administration but it is on ours you're
a parent don't you have any empathy for
what these people are going through they
have less dry news
I'm trying to be serious but I'm not
gonna have you get a lot of firm Chili's
it's a law and and they have these
people have nothing hey Brad I know you
want to get some more TV it's been a
while since I've unloaded on one of
these but that was unbelievable first of
all it is a policy change that that's
live 4072 told from the White House
podium most reporters write longer
sentences in the president united states
so the idea that she has to speak to
them in short sentences that they
understand is rude and wrong and it is
straight-up inhumane what they're doing
why not just say yeah we're we're cruel
and inhumane what's the next question I
mean if you're gonna do it if you're
gonna rip an infant from a mother's arm
just do it and own it but but she wants
to have it both ways and and smear the
reporters and I what was that it's you
know like Sarah my dad was actually a
Baptist pastor and I think I read a
different Bible than her because the
Bible taught me growing up that you're
supposed to extend a helping hand to the
people in the world that have the least
you know one of the jobs of being a
government spokesperson you know this
from your time in government sometimes
you have to defend things that you may
not completely agree with there may be
things that are hard or tricky this
isn't one of those things that's an
immoral policy this is inhumane cruelty
is the intention of this policy not a
byproduct of it that is the problem with
this they are intending to be cruel not
just to deter people from coming from
the border either but so they can tell
other people in the country they can
tell their base look at what we're doing
to keep these people out of the country
enjoys the irony of the president
running around the country making people
afraid of criminal gangs and a lot of
people are and that's justifiable when
when the US government is is acting like
a gang terrorizing children by ripping
them from the arms of their parents you
know it's appalling and I think it's not
a political issue whether you're a
hardliner on immigration or whether you
believe we should have more lapse
policies and permit people in one thing
that we can all agree upon is children
shouldn't be forcibly separated from
their
this morning on on Morning Joe there is
a photograph of a two-year-old child
crying while her mother was frisked by
ice agents we should all be able to
agree that that's not America that's not
who we are and and we need to send a
very strong message to our elected
officials that this needs to be ended
immediately it's not a good policy you
know we have fruitless conversations
about what's happened to the Republican
Party and we know the answer now they're
all afraid of the big bad Trump Twitter
feed but what's wrong with the people
that work in the administration and and
and watch these pictures and have
families of their own and and and this
will be on their resume forever I work
for the administration that was
responsible for the policy that ripped
young children out of their mother's
arms
well truly what you do for the least
among us you do for me at Matthew 25
that should have been a part of the
Republican Party platform for its whole
life Ted we lightened up on Russia and
and I think that I mean you make this
point that there there isn't anybody who
takes a moral risk anymore in the
Republican Party and says you know what
this is violates everything I stand for
is a human being not even just my party
I'm gonna resign for this I'm gonna
protest this I just don't understand why
that doesn't come up at all and you know
it's like truly have you no decency sir
why is there not somebody saying that
every day and it was Ronald Reagan and
Ronald Reagan who enacted amnesty and
George W Bush who fought for
comprehensive immigration reform which
included amnesty there have been
Republican leaders who have tried but it
is the direction of the party to somehow
be complicit in this
yeah those days of the Republican Party
are over there are a few moderates in
the House of Representatives there are a
few in the Senate who are still
advocating for comprehensive immigration
reform but there's no real push for it I
think the push is coming from the top
down and is a push as I said to be cruel
to immigrants it's not just to not let
them in the country it's to be cruel one
of the smartest things I've ever heard
anyone say about Donald Trump is he may
not be able to do anything for the
people in the Midwest who supported him
he may not be able to do anything to
improve their lives but he can sure do
something to punish the people that they
don't like and that's what he's doing
here and remember Ronald Reagan used to
say Hispanics are Republicans they just
don't know it yet
that was the Republican idea that there
were values that they
that would make us yeah
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
