the MBC our affiliate here in New York
City says a similar package that's
reporting sent to Robert De Niro's
restaurant in lower Manhattan similar by
that I mean to the ones we saw yesterday
in their content and in fact in the way
they were labeled and packaged John
Heilemann robert de niro obviously has
been very very critical and I'm not
drawing any straight lines here but we
do have a list of targets that seem to
fit a characterization of people who've
been in conflict with Donald Trump yeah
these people have been Willie they've
been among the most vocal critics of
Donald Trump they've ever remembers
Robert De Niro at an awards show
standing up on stage and and and
dropping an f-bomb directly on the
president's had and that then that piece
of a video the De Niro video featured
very prominently in the propaganda film
that Steve Bannon released at the
beginning of the midterm elections back
around Labor Day the Robert De Niro very
much a bogeyman along with George Soros
and along with Maxine Waters and the
kind of person who is a staple of
far-right anti-democratic rhetoric
someone who's called out frequently in
Republican ads and Republican rhetoric I
can't quite remember whether President
Trump has ever explicitly singled him
out but certainly he is the kind of
person who takes who has become a figure
of hatred for many on the right who see
him as a figure of hatred on the left
but it looked the composite picture here
Robert DeNiro fits right in with the
with the other recipients of these
packages in terms of the role that he
has come to play and the position that
he occupies in the political cultural
firmament this is not one that is that
deviates from the pattern it's one that
reinforces the pattern of where these
bombs have been sent out over the course
of the last 24 hours
well in fact John to answer your
question that you'll remember at the
Tony Awards in June as Robert De Niro
was introducing Bruce Springsteen he did
say F Trump a couple of times and the
President did respond writing this in a
tweet Robert DeNiro a very low IQ
individual has received too many shots
to the head by
real boxers and movies I watched him
last night truly believe he may be
punch-drunk I guess he doesn't realize
the economy is the best that's ever been
with employment being at at all-time
high and many companies pouring back
into our country wake up punchy wrote
the president United States so John
again we want to say what we've said a
couple of times this hour and I'll say
it again we do not know who is sending
these packages the FBI has not
determined that yet the NYPD does not
know yet that's a fact but what we can
say is that this long list now up to
eight people who have received the
packages or that they've been
intercepted it intended for fit a
certain profile of Democrats for the
most part and people who have been in
conflict with Donald Trump in public
view thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
