one year ago today a gunman opened fire
at a baseball diamond in suburban
Alexandria Virginia happened during a
show Republican members of Congress and
aides came under gun fire while
practicing for the annual ball game
rescued by the security detail of
Congressman Steve Scalise the most
seriously wounded that day
joining us from Nationals Park in
Washington DC
NBC News Capitol Hill correspondent and
host of KCG C on MSNBC Casey hunt Casey
it's gonna be pretty incredible to see
Steve Scalise come back on the diamond -
what's the plan for today
Mika that was a really difficult day
obviously for those who were wounded and
for the Capitol Hill community that just
really felt shattered but today I am
thrilled to be able to be covering a
much happier story and of course as you
know the situation in Washington can be
we are out here there practicing on
Matt's field today which is where the
game will be held tonight and Steve
Scalise actually was able to get out and
practice with his team ahead of this big
game tonight baseball it's been a long
journey back to the baseball diamond for
Steve Scalise the number three House
Republican nearly died a year ago this
morning when he was shot in the hip at
practice for last year's congressional
baseball game there's a trail of blood
we can't help him we're helpless I mean
we've got bass vs. rifle three others
were also shot but Scalise and his
teammates were lucky Scalise is security
detail on Capitol Hill police
immediately begin
return fire it took three months and
multiple surgeries but Scalise was back
at work by the fall you have no idea how
great this feels to be back here at work
in the people's house I'm definitely a
living example that miracles really do
happen last week he practiced for the
first time with his teammates for this
year's charity game tonight as
Republicans and Democrats trade in their
daily battles over policy in favor of
pinstripes for Scalise just taking the
field is a win you've come a long way in
a year you know it's it's been quite a
journey and definitely come a long way
but had a lot of prayers a lot of a lot
of support a lot of surgeries but you
know just just to know where I was a
year ago and where I am now it shows it
you you know you just get back in the
game and keep paddling Scalise is of
course very excited to be out on the
field tonight I think we have some
pictures of him from this morning he is
out here with his Republican teammates
the folks you see going back and forth
behind me or we're on the Democratic
side they are currently taking batting
practice so the Republicans will be
taking the field here in a little while
we'll see if they've decided that Steve
Scalise is going to be ready tonight to
take back his starting position at
second base Mika
NBC's Casey hunt thank you so much that
is great to see that was an incredible
day so frightening thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
