Joe I feel like the conversation is is
his changing direction a bit we're we're
asking less and trying to discern more
about where we're headed
giving the troubling presidency that
we're dealing with well I think I
actually think that mark Sanford's
defeat in South Carolina one was a
defining moment for the Republican Party
I say that because Mark was a
conservative conservative for years got
through a scandal that the Republican
voters were perfectly fine with but
couldn't get past saying one or two bad
things about Donald Trump listen this
guy has a lifetime ninety-three percent
rating from club Club for Growth 92%
lifetime average from heritage action
and a ninety-one percent American
Conservative Union lifetime average and
somehow he was insufficiently trumpet to
win his own primary let's bring in right
now still the congressman for South
Carolina one but a recently liberated
man Mark Sanford mark it's always great
to see you let me let me first of all
let me just ask you to give us your
reflections on what happened the past
couple days and during the campaign well
short and simple is I got beat but but I
think the the the themes that come from
it have implications as you suggest for
a whole lot of other races out there and
sort of our belief in institutions in
this country and what the Republican
Party is ultimately about so I guess I'd
say in shortest shortest form we you
know swear allegiance to the
Constitution and we pledge allegiance to
the flag and what was weird about this
race that I've never experienced before
in any race that I've been apart
of was an allegiance question when
people say are you for weak and
suppressed and that I'd give sort of a
nuanced answer you know I and whether
most of the time but I've disagreed on a
couple of issues when they've been
inconsistent with the promises that I
made in running or my belief in terms of
conservative philosophy or the very
people that I represent if you look at
my rating I've basically voted with
eighty nine percent of the time
disagreed was going to handful of times
and and yet the answer would be no I
want to know you four against the
president again I'd say look I love my
brothers and sisters but I'm not with
them all the time I agree that uh I've
never before had a question of
allegiance to a person rather than
allegiance to the flag of the
Constitution and to a degree that's what
this race came down to well that's
what's so frightening is that it really
is it seems like a personality cult
where you have to have you you you don't
pledge the notes to the Constitution of
the United States you don't pledge
allegiance to the flag of the United
States it goes directly to Donald Trump
I've known you for a quarter of a
century now I know the first time I met
you you've got all the incoming freshmen
in and you had a chart and you showed us
the challenges facing us on the the
federal deficit the federal debt
entitlement spending you basically
predicted where we were going and I
would like to say when people say that
I'm a squish or I've changed this way or
I'd love to say yes I'm actually nuanced
enough to do that but like me you've
been saying the same thing about trade
about deficits about debt about
entitlement spending for a quarter of a
century you've been saying the same
exact thing more so than anybody else I
came into Congress with in 1994 how does
it change like people that have known
you for a quarter of century and heard
you saying I'm for free trade I'm for
balancing the budget let's not spend so
much money let's reform entitlements
let's save Social Security what do they
say when they look into your eye you
know you're saying the same exact thing
you've been saying for over
decades now well that's the puzzle of
again this race and something that I'm
trying to figure out myself but what I'd
say is those traditional merit badges if
you will did not matter in this race and
and and obviously actually was a close
race it was a very divided race I mean
it separated by about three thousand
votes but but at the end of the day for
the people that voted against me those
things those traditional markers of
conservative philosophy market principle
and constitutional rule of the American
system those merit badges didn't didn't
didn't matter and that is again
something that I think has alarming
consequences for races to go well beyond
the first district of South Carolina
congressman it's willie Geist it's good
to see you as you mentioned the race was
tight do you believe the president's
late tweet in which he criticized you
and said you have not been helpful to
the Magha
agenda as he put it and also raised your
two thousand nine story in argentina do
you believe that cost you the election
well I think it's the larger climate of
Trump versus not that cost me an
election I think that that probably
prevented me from going into a runoff I
mean a couple hundred votes would have
put us in a runoff right but but but but
I think that there are a couple
interesting things about that tweet one
when's the last time a Republican press
have got him to congratulate
particularly if you're supposedly
negotiated deal in the far east I mean
so his degree of focus on personal
things you know if you offend me I'm
coming back to get you is is again a
little bit outside the norm to say the
least but more interesting is you wasn't
the truth it was just a flat-out lie few
if that's why mark Meadows and Jim
Jordan to people like that they have
risen to my defense to say wait a minute
this guy voted for all of the
president's agenda yet he sends a tweet
out saying you're not supportive of my
agenda so what do you suggest now then
as we come up on the fall two candidates
running for re-election because on the
one hand you want to keep your job to
continue to push in Washington the
conservative ideals and the policies you
believe in on the other hand it appears
the crossing Donald Trump in any way as
you
point out you've been supportive of him
but crossed him a couple of times could
cost you that seat so what's your
political advice to Republicans running
this fall about how to handle Donald
Trump the politics are easy pledge
allegiance to Donald Trump but I think
that's a mistake at a soul level it was
interesting in my concession speech the
other night had my four boys with me and
it was a profoundly moving moment when
afterward they hugged me and they said
dad were proud of you and so I think we
all got to sort of look inside of each
one of our souls and say where am I in
this you know they're always trade-offs
in politics and we got to recognize that
that that's the tug-of-war of policy
versus you know district and go down the
list but III think everybody's got to
answer that question for themselves and
I would wish them well but I would say
we have I've been I've been amazed at
the number of different members who have
come up to me over the last 24 hours
since I've been back here on the hill
and have talked about a tribalism
component to what's going on in in the
party and with the Trump effect that
worries them and that they've never seen
before so congressman following up on
the threat of that conversation
yesterday we had former homeland
security secretary jeh Johnson here who
expressed real regret at your loss just
listen to what he said yesterday I am
these days a little depressed about
frankly the state of our politics we
have a president and denigrates the
institutions of his own government which
I simply cannot get my head around and
then when we look at the primary results
last night from South Carolina Mark
Sanford who in my experience it's a very
thoughtful member of Congress he was on
the House Homeland Security Committee he
would sit through the entire hearing he
was the most junior member so he'd be
last but he'd always asked the most
intelligent insightful question and it
wasn't
an eager question requiring a knee-jerk
response and so it's it's depressing to
me to see a thoughtful member of
Congress like that whose reelection and
so this morning maybe you can help us
out here because there seems to be a
growing divergence in defining the
difference between trumpism and
conservatism and this morning also on
the front page of the New York Times
there is a picture of a young
two-year-old child being separated from
her mother at the border frontier from
Honduras to be she is being separated
from her mother in tears at the border
as a conservative as an American as
someone who respects the board is and
wants border security help us out here
how would a conservative look at this
issue and other issues as compared to
trumpism
looking at this issue and other issues
what is a conservative today
conservatives what a conservative has
always been which is one who has a
rightful and legitimate suspicion of
government's growth one who believes and
what Jefferson talked about we're in
there's a dividing line with government
on one side and at times Liberty on the
other and there's a healthy tension
between between those two and oftentimes
in as much when one side grows the other
side shrinks so I mean I could go
through the traditional components of
conservatism but I go back to what I
keep hearing since I've been back here
on the hill since my defeat which is a
lot of talk about well that's not what
we have right now we have a form of
tribalism and and we have a breach of
you know one of the great components of
the institutional set up of the founding
fathers which is they divided
legitimately power across an executive
legislative and judicial branch so that
we would be checks upon the other and
that there would be indeed vigorous
debate and this idea that if you
challenge somebody and say look I hear
where you're coming from but the folks
back home are saying something different
and therefore I got to go a different
way and here's the reasons for doing so
if that becomes something that's
unacceptable in the course of American
politics we got a real pro
because that's exactly what the founding
father set up which is a healthy tension
wherein there was to be the debate there
was to be dissent well not not not
pledges of Allegiance if you want to
call them that I I do think we have a
real problem I think we need to come to
terms with that
Elise congressman you wrote an op-ed
saying that Donald Trump should release
his tax returns and that this the lack
of knowledge surrounding Donald Trump's
personal financial interest has
continued to play this administration
and to the point of we don't know if our
foreign policy is being decided by Trump
or Kushner family interest are you still
going to push for the release of the tax
returns I've made my point clear on that
in going anywhere but I made my point
clear because it's a 50-year tradition
that has served this country very very
well we're in every president Republican
or Democrat has done so but more
importantly and this is as a former
governor I released my tax returns twice
as I became the nominee for my party
back home there was a value to the
taxpayer in doing that people could look
it was another data point where they
could say do I you know what why is he
doing this or words that's coming from
it cleared up gray or it cleared up
question and if you don't have a
president releasing their tax return
make certain that believe me governors
across this country gubernatorial
candidates across this country won't be
releasing their so I think it's
something that has effect well beyond
the president's returns but really to
the larger tradition that's been adhered
to for more than 50 years in this
country all right a conservative
champion and steadfast warrior for
conservative causes for over a quarter
of a century mark Sanford thank you so
much for being with us we're grateful
for you coming on the show and we hope
to see you again sometime soon
I appreciate you thanks so much thank
you so much for being on all right
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
