let's start with a question what should
America do when a tweeting trolling
celebrity with a reality-show lifestyle
takes over the Oval Office that's not a
reference to Trump but rather Kanye West
who joined Trump today to produce
unscripted programming including a
stretch where West's spoke for 10
minutes straight at the president
sounding off on politics prison racism
capitalism and of course playing a
navel-gazing talk about West's himself
now there's plenty wrong with that
picture but that doesn't mean America
should pretend this didn't happen at all
today or ignore the implications of how
this dynamic affects us you had to self
aggrandizing marketers turning the seat
of power into a setting they prefer a
literal TV set this was playing across
every news channel in real time because
this is real now now we're about to have
some real talk with the Michael Eric
Dyson in a moment but here's the context
Kanye commanding political and artistic
attention for a long time he beef with
Bush and Obama before befriending Trump
and while there was lots of noise in the
Oval Office today let's listen for a
moment to some key parts with Professor
Dyson here's Kanye on criminal justice
and his statement that in a different
universe he would be a black man in
prison now so it's very important so
what I think is we don't need citizen we
need apartments we need to talk to
people we feel that stop-and-frisk does
not help the relationships in the city
and everyone that knew I was coming here
said asked about stop and frisk that's
that's that's the number one thing that
we're having this conversation about
said that he favors stop-and-frisk are
you guys gonna be discussing that you
think you can change me yes with that
we're gonna discuss I didn't mean to put
you off flash like that bro there's
disagreement there on policing policy
but if this were more than a stun it
would have to involve leverage and
negotiation that kind of strategy was
definitely not on display today as Kanye
basically proposed bringing Colin
Kaepernick to the White House which
would just give Trump a PR boost with
nothing in return
I made a handout that says make America
great just that but I would love to see
at the Superbowl top wearing the make of
America great hat Colin making wear that
making America great and showing that we
could benefit on this side
we could benefit on this side and we can
learn how to be malleable and the
infinite universe that we are and the
loving beings that we are now was Kanye
just spinning those ideas off the top of
his head
no West had actually been calling around
trying to literally bring Kaepernick to
this meeting today he was shot down by
other african-american leaders who
privately and publicly opposed the idea
in fact radio DJ Ebro Darden was just
talking about Kanye calling him
personally with that pitch on his radio
show he goes I want it I'm going to the
White House October 11th and I want to
bring Colin Kaepernick with me to meet
Donald Trump congratulations
he plays yourself because exactly what I
said literally the words no I was more
like yeah nah we're not doing that we're
all on the phone and they're like well
you know we mean we this doesn't have
anything to do with you I said no it's a
we when it comes to Colin Kaepernick
it's a we there are people standing with
Colin Kaepernick around him rallying
around him we are not doing that
professor Dyson I put that question to
you first why are we not doing that we
are not doing that because it doesn't
make sense we're not doing that because
we have not reduced the complexity and
complication of public policy to
personalities when Kanye says sorry bruh
I didn't mean to put you on blast that
way about stop and frisk and Donald
says well I'm open-minded it is a matter
of law of jurisprudence in New York City
that stop and frisk was ruled to be
illegal and therefore subverting the
rights of African American people
ostensibly that Kanye West represents
and wants to speak to this is such a
blitzkrieg of blathering ignorance on
one level and I say this as a man who
loves Kanye West who admires his genius
and who considers him a friend but I beg
him I plead to him Kanye please cease
the interventions through media of
trying to engage issues about which you
don't have sophisticated comprehension
and knowledge you speak about the
Thirteenth Amendment why don't you watch
ava duvernay x' of 13th and understand
the historic legacy against which that
13th amendment unfolds and the degree to
which mass incarceration of African
American and Latino and other poor
people's has occurred here we are having
discussions about kanye west and in the
white house what did he have shards of
brilliance to be sure his notion of the
infinite universe and alternative
universes we don't have to wait to see
what another black man could do in
another universe this universe is quite
competent of revealing that Wes Moore
wrote about two westmore's one who was
like him and achieved and accomplished
young man and another one who was sent
packing and had a extraordinarily tragic
life the point is we are already dealing
with alternative universes they are
called black and white among many others
differences of applying justice
hopefully or addiction among white
Americans has treated one way it is
hospitalized it is medicalized
african-american people are criminalized
that's an alternative universe that
needs to be closed so the tragedy with
Kanye West is he says look I was
misdiagnosis bipolar let's let's
acknowledge this this is mental health
awareness day
I think Kanye West is dealing with the
grief and trauma that the aftereffect of
his mother dying the PTSD that he is and
that he is in one sense engaged and
certainly on another sense encountered
we must intervene on his behalf he
resents the fact on the one hand that we
talk about his mental illness and yet he
talks openly and honestly about this
this is time for us to say Kanye we as
African American people cannot stand
idly by while you give cover to a man
who has proved to be a white supremacist
who has no interest in african-american
people when you stood up and said George
Bush does not care about black people
Donald Trump cares less than that Donald
Trump has been actively engaged in
enterprises that undermine the integrity
and the safety and the very survival
politically of african-american people
in this country and while we're dealing
with the sideshow of Kanye West black
people are being deliberately denied
access to voting voter fraud is going on
among indigenous people and Native
Americans in this country and African
American people look at what's happening
with Stacey Abrams in Georgia and yet
here we are concerned with the
narcissistic reproduction of the self
image of one black man and another white
man and in the balanced ways the future
of our democratic process and neither of
them have the capacity the competence
nor the compassion to deal with this in
a serious fashion strong and you might
have gone full ten minutes on his ten
minutes just fact-checking professor I
mean man you've got to do it bruh come
to class Kanye took the class and when
this is what I mean when I tell young
people that I don't mean any disrespect
stop believing that social media can
adjudicate competing claims of
rationality read a book don't just get
on Twitter just don't get on Facebook
just don't get on Instagram just don't
swipe left or right get deep into the
archives read books paper write X
digitized on Kindle but my god be
informed we don't need celebrity to
become a spectacle to prevent us from
understanding and learning and knowledge
and this is a grand display of mass
ignorance in the face of the downfall of
democracy and we have a white and a
black man join together at the
narcissistic hip who refused to
understand that they are more able
roadblock then a road to real democracy
in our country it makes a lot of sense
when you put it like that the narcissism
is something many people observed it's
part of why both these people are quite
good at social media because social
media is constantly a projection of self
and we have a generation raised on it
although there are ways to connect and
organize on it as well a beautiful
beautiful beautiful since you talk about
picking up a text or a book for those of
us who've seen this and we take this as
something that happened in the Oval
Office this was a newsworthy event but
for many people in a in a tragic sense
what would you say is the learning or
informed response to what Kanye West
said in the Oval Office in front of
Donald Trump today which was the claim
that to bring up Donald Trump's
flirtation with and sometimes support of
white supremacy is to try to control a
vote or tell people how to vote by their
identity this is white supremacy vibrant
relic wisdom a black mouth is moving but
white racist ideas are flowing from
Kanye West's mouth Kanye West is
engaging in one of the most nefarious
practices yet a black body and brain are
the warehouse for the articulation and
expression of anti black cinemates that
have been chin-checked by people with
far more rigorous credentials Michelle
Alexander has written about the new Jim
Crow
you know Khalid Mohammed has written
about you know the condemnation of
blackness we've also had James Peterson
write about prison industrial complex
for beginners so there is enough
material out here for us to understand
to look we got a duplications my final
question to you is about the unique
character that Kanye West plays in his
own mind and he does have a lot of
followers and he is a political force
and they're people who are worried about
this precisely because they're worried
that this is an October confusion to try
to help Donald Trump in the midterms
that's what he might get out of it and
so I wonder that what do you think about
the fact cuz you've written books that
deal seriously with this music and the
lyrical
content and you teach classes on it as
some of our viewers may know what do you
think about the fact that Kanye
basically previewed all of this in a
sardonic comedic take on himself
I love Kanye when he said and I'm
reading from it I hate the new Kanye the
bad mood Kanye the always rude Kanye
spaz in the news Kanye I miss the old
Kanye did he see this coming and my
final question you sir do you miss the
old Kanye I miss the old Kanye that
wrote about crack music I miss the old
Kanye who agreed with Professor Mohammed
at Harvard who - writes about the
condemnation of blackness I miss the old
Kanye who understood that we're dealing
with serious insidious forces that under
- - Kanye who joined with jay-z to talk
about you know black excellence and the
quest for black excellence and how is
being rolled black eye mr. Kanye who
loved Tupac who said just the other day
I got lynched by some crooked cops until
this day them same cops on the beat
getting major paid will not get my check
they taking tax out we we paying the
cops - not to blacks out
I missed that Kanye who brings high
intelligence his friend jay-z said back
then back when the police were out
counted two black men there are ways in
which hip-hop can serve as a useful
forum to articulate valuable ideas that
people of color fine resonant in the
application to our situation right now
this Kanye is a Kanye who was Kanye mess
not Kanye West not Kanye at his best and
that's the real tragedy for my dear
friend and great artist Michael Eric
Dyson you're the right man at the right
time for a story that a lot of us were
trying to make sense of and since you
quoted all quoted Kanye would say you
got the facts to back this the book is
what truth sounds like you just heard a
little bit of it we encourage our
viewers to check out Michael Eric Dyson
at your what did you say papyrus at a
physical paper that's right at your door
that the physical bookstore pick it up
check it out dig deep into it and holla
back professor thank you as always we'll
see you again hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
