I'm joined by John fury Republican
strategist and Cornell Belcher a
Democratic pollster and MSNBC political
analyst well you know corkers not
exactly a bomb thrower and he's not
comparing this guy to James Jones and
drinking the kool-aid and cults and
that's pretty of it pretty deep I don't
think that nearly is true well us and I
think that upsetting the Trump voter not
necessarily that president but the Trump
voter is bad pounded bear the bear
running about the bear bear is the Trump
the Trump voter oh really Sanford a
night it's easy to complain when you're
leaving or that's a box that's that's
the easiest thing to do the hardest
thing to do is run again and compete and
win these voters and actually appeal to
them on the issues they care about them
or they care about our jobs they care
about national security they care about
rising wages and they care about
immigration and the you know the mr.
corker is leaving and you know no one
cares well you're making this point a
core now I think the only guys free to
speak their minds are the ones leaving I
thought there is something different
about this this this president what
we're saying that certainly certainly
bushed it and hoped the base of the
Republican Party this way and and as
well someone will work for Barack Obama
let me tell you he certainly didn't hold
the base to the Democratic Party this
way there is something very different
that that that's that's going on here
and I mean he said it himself Trump said
I can stand a mill of Times Square and
shoot someone I wouldn't lose any
support so there is something texturally
different from what for with Trump than
with I think we stole from Bush and
Obama but the question for me becomes
can you be the party of Trump and I
think Speaker Boehner has got it right
you know this is Trump's party now can
you be the party of Trump and also be
the party of middle America yes you can
do very well in these in these primaries
but I can tell you right now the
Republican they nominate it to take on
the take on Virginia is way out of line
with Virginia and I think you see still
a birther see watch it wants a birth or
two always a birth sir switched I think
if you look at Cory Andy I think you
look at Corey Stewart he had pretty big
name ID and the guys he ran against no
one that had heard of before
so that actually helped you run in the
Republican Party this November without
Trump's blessing I think it's awfully
difficult to run against Trump in any
way and win anything and there you're
proud of this party all right listen I
this are you proud of this I what I'm
proud of is very loyal
are you proud of your party I'm always
proud of my party I think my pie party
ROI right over my life I think my party
is representing his voters very
effectively but what but what what's the
party right is this the party of Bush
and Reagan horses now the party of Carl
and I think by the way I listen I don't
have okay your party was good on trade
it was a free-trade party it was good on
deficits it was always for a part of
fiscal responsibility Trump just comes
in and changes all the rules and you
guys say yes and law and order you guys
say yes sir you say yes sir you're proud
of that I think that the human evolution
of trade has been pretty substantial
over the last 20 years look at what Rob
Portman did he was USTR trade ambassador
when he ran for election before Trump he
talked about steel he talked about the
importance of students just told me that
anything Trump once he gets well I think
right now he's extremely principled I'll
do anything applause tells me to do he's
extremely there's no principled there
anyway during his concession speech
Kynaston Sanford who's looking pretty
good actually defended his past
positions like denon Buenos Aires let's
watch there's been too much made of are
you for one personality or against it
what we're about as a nation is not
being for or against one personality
again we're a nation of laws and not men
as the founding fathers said and I stand
by that belief though in this case it
may have had significant electrical
consequence he lost the primary so I
could be a congressman any more
Sanford's opponent by the way Katie our
Arrington had banks Senator Marco Rubio
during the 2016 presidential election
last night I obviously declared the
Republican Party of Trump while
attacking Democrats who stand in the
president's way here she is they believe
in higher taxes bigger government fewer
jobs and that's the problem it's not
it's the job of Washington to fix it we
are the party of President Donald J
Trump Wow there it is well if you look
at these primaries what else you you
look at the all the popularity ratings
Trump is about 90% approval rating with
the Republicans it's a pretty high I
think the only guys taking on the
president
now we're gonna be Michael Flynn
probably man afforded probably Cohen I
don't think they're gonna take on anyway
we'll see thank you very for in the
barrel one more time Thank You Colonel
Belcher as I mentioned earlier Virginia
was one of the five states to hold a
primary last night and come the midterm
elections the state is expected to host
one of the most closely watched
congressional races in the country last
night democratic state senator jennifer
Wexton beat out five other candidates
for the right to take on republican
congresswoman barbara Comstock at
virginia's 10th congressional district
constantly of course is viewed as one of
the country's most vulnerable House
Republicans and one of the toughest
incumbents Hillary Clinton won that
district by 10 points during the 2016
election if Democrats have any hope to
pick back the house the path goes
through directly to the 10th district in
Virginia from where I'm joined by state
senator Jennifer Wexler one 42 percent
very powerful senator thank you for
coming on tonight let's talk about you
and Barbara Comstock Comstock is one of
these tough incumbents they say they're
survivors how are you going to knock her
out well I have deep roots in the
district and a record of winning tough
elections and then delivering for my
constituents once I'm elected I think
those things really resonate in the
district Barbara also is out of touch
you know she she she says one thing and
does another she talked about your guns
difference absolutely I mean that's a
big area of contrast Barbara Comstock is
it has an A rating from the NRA she's
one of the top recipients of money from
them despite having been in Congress for
only a short time I on the other hand
have been fighting for gun safety
legislation in Richmond for years and
I'm going to continue to do that talk
differences whatever's in you and the
incumbent Republican you have to beat
this November on immigration what's the
difference well we we live here in
Virginia ten in a very diverse district
we have a big Muslim population and
Barbara Comstock was silent when but
when Donald Trump and started the Muslim
ban we have a big international airport
Dulles Airport in our district I was
there along with many members of
Congress other elected officials and
hundreds of people from the district
protesting and lawyers and Barbara not a
peep ms-13 thing that Trump keeps
talking about ms-13 gang from
America is that a danger that you're not
facing up to let's talk about it
Republicans want to equate ms-13 and
immigration they want to conflate those
issues they did it in 2017 in our
statewide elections and it failed
miserably voters are started smarter
than that and they really don't respond
well to this race baiting and
fear-mongering I think what's really
important are things like the fact that
Barbara Comstock is refusing to sign on
to the discharge petition for daca
protections you know she is and rather
than take a stand on something she
stands for nothing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
