now it's democratic cosmonautics wah wah
who sits on the House Intelligence
Committee Gregg brower's a former US
attorney and former senior FBI official
phillip bumps a national correspondent
with the washington post and kate fang
is an MSNBC legal and lets Kate okay I
want to start with you because I think
you've been watching this Cohen guy for
a while now and he you know I was
reading for Whom the Bell Tolls II in
the other night trying to catch up and
they said when they're fighting the
they're fighting the fascists that when
you have a sad look on your face be
careful that's the one that's about this
switch that's the one that's about the
turn it's a giveaway and I've heard that
from an actor who's been playing them
lately too what is this what's going on
with Cohen can you tell this your burner
switch why we're hearing this forever
whether or not Cohen's going to be you
know replacing the lawyers at our
McDermott will in a Maria that are
currently representing him I mean here's
the bottom line Chris it's expensive I
mean these lawyers in Washington in New
York are charging upwards of almost
$1,000 an hour to be able to represent
Michael Cohen so it could just be
something as simple as the almighty
dollar and that is the reason why Cohen
is dropping these lawyers on Friday but
here's a possible wrinkle it could be
the lawyers dropping mr. Cohen actually
so you know they've been looking Katie
they've been looking at all that stuff
all those tape recorders all that so all
that's perhaps payoff information all
the Russian connection this could be
just too much to handle for these people
I don't think it's from a quantitative
SEP your standpoint it's too much I
think it could be from an actual ethical
standpoint that it could be too much
remember when you hire a lawyer as a
client you make representations to that
attorney but attorneys have ethical
obligations that are hired and beyond
the client and so if Michael Cohen while
his team of lawyers have been going
through millions of documents and only a
tiny tiny tiny percentage of them have
deemed to be privileged can you imagine
what these lawyers have seen so it could
be an issue where the lawyers themselves
cannot continue to represent mr. Cohen
because of what they've discovered or it
could be the lawyers for Cohen have said
Michael Cohen you need to cooperate you
should take a deal you don't have an
opportunity to really fight this and
Cohen could say
know what I'm a fixer I don't have to
take a deal who knows there could be a
strategic decision in terms of a a no
meeting of the minds irreconcilable
differences as we call it sometimes when
we as lawyers dump our clients it could
be a lot of reasons we hear it's money
in fact today judge Kimball would in
that Southern District of New York case
with michael cohen issued an order sua
sponte meeting on her own and she
basically said hey parties don't forget
you got to pay that Special Master her
money when it comes due so who knows if
it's related to the money it could be
something more than that but we do know
that today Michael Cohen was in
California meeting with his lawyers in
the stormy Daniels case so it's not just
this Southern District of New York case
that Michael Cohen has going on
he has defamation stormy Daniels and the
Muller investigation head of your grant
let me go to Congress whoa wait is this
a case where the the hardball being
played by mowers gonna pay fruit they're
gonna get information from Michael Cohen
he better start talking soon because the
longer he waits the more they questioned
his motivations to cooperate but Chris
what do you mean by if he if he if he
switch switches now is it too late to be
credible no there are people who've done
very bad things who can still be honest
about what they saw around him happens
all the time we prove a lot of people
watching doing that way yeah happens all
the time
Chris take a step back here the
president has a fixer innocent people
don't have fixers the last president who
had a fixer he didn't fare so well and
so I think this guy knows a lot who was
the last president of a thing I think it
was probably Richard Nixon right okay
yeah did did fare so well so he's seen a
lot he knows a lot if he starts talking
I think the president's in real trouble
from what we saw in our intelligence
committee investigation what little we
saw about Michael Cohen he was all too
willing and eager to work with the
Russians it's just the Republicans were
all too unwilling to learn more about
his bank records his travel records and
his phone logs Bob Moeller is gonna
learn off Craig I'm looking at this I'm
looking at this treasure trove they got
voice rika they got telev apparently you
know Cohn was recording telephone
conversations proud MIT probably with
his client all this stuff is now in the
hands of the master deciding how much is
going to be used in this investigation
yeah there's clearly a lot there he
clearly knows a lot of the jacks
about all things Trump and so this will
be very interesting in terms of what
exactly is going on with this change in
legal team time will tell what will be
telling I think most telling is who he
hires next if he hires a high-priced
first-rate legal team we know that
you're serious about fighting this or
he's serious about cooperating and wants
a team who can cooperate effectively
with the US Attorney's Office in the
Southern District so we'll see who he
hires and that'll tell us a lot you
might go for Brennan solvent here in
town go for the big time anyway Cohen's
cooperation could pose a number of
possible dangers for Trump when it comes
to the path to storming Dana's the
president first denied knowing where the
money came from
that is until his lawyer Rudy Giuliani
revealed it had come from him they
funneled it through the law firm funnel
throw over him and the president repaid
it the president president paintable
Cohen could also shed new light on his
connections to Russia and what the
president knew about those relationships
as we recently learned Michael Cohen
received a five hundred thousand dollar
payment from Columbus Nova a company
connected the Russian billionaire Viktor
Vekselberg who reportedly quote was
close to or is close to Vladimir Putin
we also learned the Cohens efforts to
build a Trump Tower in Moscow went on
far longer than he had publicly
acknowledged at least until June of 2016
and that means of course Trump was
trying to build a hotel over and in
Russia get some Russian rubles at the
same time he was seeking American votes
that's complicated and then there's that
story from McClatchy last April a couple
months ago that appeared to corroborate
part of Christopher Steele's dossier the
report that the special counsel has
evidence that Michael Cohen secretly
made a late summer trip to Prague during
the 2016 presidential campaign NBC News
as I confirmed that reporting I've got
to go to Phillip on this Phillip tie it
all together this guy is a I don't know
a pinata of information from Russia to
women the payoffs that god-knows-what
and all they gonna do is crack him you
know the one comes out you didn't even
mention the fact that he worked for
almost a decade for the Trump
Organization even prior to the campaign
beginning he this there's probably no
one in Donald Trump's inner circle who
knows more about Donald Trump's dealings
before during and after the
Payne than Michael Cohen Michael Cohen
has his finger in nearly every every
report that's out there that is
potentially bad news for Donald Trump
there is a Michael Cohen angle to it I
mean if you look just at that campaign
period we have on one end of the scale
this payoff to stormy Daniels $130,000
where there are very likely campaign
finance violations that were involved in
that we don't know Donald Trump's
awareness of that then the other end you
have the steel dossier and these
allegations that Michael Cohen was
central to collusion between Russia and
the Trump campaign those are unproven in
the public eye at this point we don't
know that that's true but these are
those are the two polls of information
just within the campaign period that
obviously robert muller and federal
investigators would love to know more
about and beyond that on the either end
of the campaign he knows of all sorts of
things as well how do you think George
Stephanopoulos and ABC got this studies
about the switch about to go state's
evidence well I mean based on what the
story actually says it suggests that
they had someone who's somewhat close to
Michael Cohen it's not really clear I
mean it's you know but there are
certainly indicated States I mean I
wouldn't I wouldn't affect you George or
somebody I haven't talked them yet it's
just tradecraft here George was just
over with the president did the
president tell him Michael's about the
switch it's certainly possible and this
is as we'll find out down the road it's
a big story that ABC standing behind let
me let me go to Greg again on this thing
what would you rather do it if you were
Michael Kohler did you make a deal with
with Bower and hope for a reduced
sentence or a note no prison time or
wait for your pardon from the president
which side you join here well expecting
a pardon is a dicey proposition to say
the least there's there's a bit of a
track record of late of issuing pardons
by this president but that's a tough
thing for a target like Cohen to
anticipate and expect he's under a lot
of pressure
I mean he's potentially you know hasn't
been charged with anything yet as you
mentioned at the outset but potentially
he is facing a lot of exposure and so he
has to be feeling the pressure and
thinking about his future his family's
future and hopefully listening to his
lawyers going forward you hear bank
fraud mail fraud I mean to a civilian
like me that sounds like serious federal
crimes involved it's very serious and
and I would submit that he's a very very
valuable witness
for Bob Muller and his team and there's
a lot there so okay let's talk about the
politics of this in the end it's going
to come down to a state report from
mower it's gonna go to the house your
house where you sit how does this when
you get witnesses like Cohen witnesses
like manna for potentially witnesses
like Flynn already there's not gonna
carry any water with your Republican
colleagues not until they pay a price
that price is coming in November but
they right now are looking at what
happened to mark Sanford last night and
they figure out deviate we better go
all-in with the president right now but
they're gonna pay a price these
Republicans March like they're in the
North Korean army they smile and you in
unison they they have the same facial
expressions and every time you see a
bunch them together they're the same
face it's very cult ish the president's
attorney has a bingo card of crimes that
he is exposed for and none of them want
to speak up and say anything so we're
not gonna change their minds at this
point we have to change their seats but
I think the Republicans got the North
Korean well but come November I think we
change a majority we go into the
majority change their seats I think a
lot of them are going to see that Donald
Trump can't save them and they should
start collaborating I think it's likely
we'll get in charge anyway meanwhile
with the North Koreans somewhat out of
the way this week there's new pressure
on the President to testify before the
special counsels prosecutors according
to Bloomberg News mowers intend on
quickly resolving a central issue with
Trump's legal team where the president
will sit voluntarily for an interview
after months of negotiations the two
sides must find common ground or gear up
for an unprecedent legal fight likely to
go all the way to the Supreme Court let
me go to that with the fill bunk what
does it look like why would Trump ever
agree to go and testify under oath if he
could avoid it because then you'd have
to say under oath way he says publicly
which no one believes well I mean it's
it certainly is the case that Donald
Trump has presented that he's willing to
speak with Muller in the past and I
think there's probably some aspect of
truth to that Donald Trump clearly
thinks that he isn't a very good at
negotiating that he can get in a room
and sort of work his way through these
things that say that Bill Clinton's a
lot smarter
I mean Clinton thought that he could get
around it as well yeah no that's true I
mean certainly there is no one that I
have seen who's offering legal advice to
President Trump who recommends that this
is a good idea but that potential
Supreme Court fight over a potential
subpoena from the mauler
it's not clear that Trump's team would
actually win that fight and so then it
could actually protract the entire molar
investigation well they fight this in
the Supreme Court which Muller would
want but certainly Trump wouldn't want
that either and so a man with a badge
Trump to just say no to a subpoena
attested just saying he has to deal with
this for month after month after month
we're sitting down with them he doesn't
have to do that he's trashing every
institution of government right now he
might as well go after the Supreme Court
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
