former attorney Michael Cohen former
attorney for the president is splitting
with his legal team MSNBC's legal
analyst Danny Cevallos joins me now with
more on this so Danny what do we know
what we're hearing now is that Michael
Cohen's attorneys are indeed withdrawing
or separating from Michael Cohen and
when this happens it's important to
remember that this could be for a number
of different reasons there are
situations where attorneys can
voluntarily withdrawal there's
situations where they must withdraw
under the rules of ethics it can be for
reasons like non-payment it could be an
irretrievable breakdown of communication
between client and attorney it could be
a number of different reasons and of
course another possibility is always
that an attorney cannot counsel any
future crime but that's just one of many
instances that warrant an attorneys
withdrawal from representation and one
of the theories in this case is that
Michael Cohen may in fact be changing
his strategy in whatever way he thinks
is necessary is that a possibility as
well what we're seeing here is a classic
example of the federal government's War
of economic attrition against defendants
Michael Cohen is if he does cooperate
you will be like many others before him
for at least the first year of the
investigation of prosecution claim I
will never cooperate I will stay strong
and I will go to trial and after maybe a
year or so of draining their economic
resources or even some in some cases
being incarcerated prior to trial many
defendants after a time to think about
it and to think about their potential
exposure at sentencing eventually end up
singing a different tune President Trump
tweeted several months ago that he
doesn't expect Michael Cohen to flip who
is Michael Cohen why is he so
significant to the president Michael
Cohen is significant for a number of
reasons not the least of which is that
he was a someone who considered himself
something of a fixer and very close was
proud of being very close to the
president the theory would be that if if
someone knows where all the hypothetical
bodies are buried it
be michael cohen so the other concern
that someone like Trump should have is
that when witnesses cooperate they are
under a tremendous incentive to give the
government of story that the government
finds useful otherwise the government
won't offer them a deal so the complaint
that defense attorneys like me have
about the cooperating witness process is
that it encourages embellishing the
story or even outright lying to agents
or US attorneys in order to secure the
best deal possible because ultimately
many of these cooperating witnesses they
may pledge their loyalty to their friend
or someone like mr. Trump but ultimately
when they think about their wife and
their children and federal prison that
feeling changes
daddy quickly before I let you go just
to remind folks President Trump was
infuriated after investigators raided
the office and residences of Michael
Cohen and one of the things that they
are looking at is that alleged payout to
porn star stormy Daniels of course
President Trump the White House have
denied that there was ever any type of
affair but this is separate from the
Russia investigation correct it is
that's why we see a separate branch so
to speak of the US attorneys handling
the Kohen investigation Robert Muller
must have believed that whatever he saw
that Cohen was involved in was outside
the purview of his original mandate
that's why the Southern District of New
York and entity totally separate from
the Moller team is investigating Michael
Cohen now so we can expect that if he
has ever arrested if he's ever charged
with a crime it will not be directly
related to the Russia investigation and
what Muller's team is investigating
separately although Cohen might find
himself ensnared
in that investigation as well hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
