so Steve Rattner the president has
thrown around a lot of numbers when it
comes to trade with Canada what's the
bottom line cuz we're running a massive
massive deficit I guess Justin in
between fighting champions and doing
one-armed push-ups he's snickering us
how big how big is our trade deficit
with Canada like what like in billion 30
billion 100 billion how big is it did
you pick ahead the president says it's a
hundred billion it's a 100 bill minor
kilee well that's bad we've got to do
something answer is we actually have off
by a little bit we actually have a trade
surplus with County home on surplus
right in there sir and this is somewhere
bizarro world come on man and we have a
trade deficit with the rest of the world
which is actually also 300 billion
dollars less than he says it is but
let's put that little detail aside but
the fact is that since the recession
which is actually good for our trade
balance ironically we now have a trade
surplus what's up with Canada which is
our largest trading partner but the
president says we have a trade deficit
he does so is he confused was he lying
well if you want to get really technical
he looks at only Goods and you have to
include services that he lies but let's
move on because I'm saying he doesn't
look at services something you ask you
when we're talking about the GDP and
adding that up which the president loves
to do yes does that only does that only
provide is that only take into account
goods no services so you're saying it
takes in goods and services like
services are a big part of the economy
services that's how we calculate okay
okay chart number 2 these terrible dairy
tariffs that he puts on us two hundred
seventy percent on our farmers another
small fact that we should all be aware
of which is that we actually have a
trade surplus of Canada in dairy
I don't we actually export to them twice
as much as important I will I will say
honestly that shocks me because from
everything I've heard even like there
are people trying to defend on from the
well it is it is a horrible horrible
thing what they do with us regarding
dare alright Alex that's two minutes by
the way dairy
an infinitesimal part of our trailer yes
it is a small but they said it but they
said there's still a deficit so you're
saying the testimony you mean smaller
and less than one tenth of the number
three I want to get to turn number four
today chart number three wait
Arif so you think but Canada has really
high tariffs the horrible really breathe
there are Canada's tariffs your tariffs
man we have bigger charts I have what
does that mean we put a higher tariff on
things that are imported here than they
do on things that are important there so
they actually treat us a bit more access
to them than they might so you and I'm
now I'm Series for people at home these
are hard numbers these are government
numbers from the world back this World
Bank number oh that's a leftist game
freak's look look what happens when you
put tariffs on these are tariffs that
were put on in October by Trump on
software from from Canada that'll hurt
the canadians and look yes it has hurt
the Kim moon ho look what's happened to
lumber price all in the US you won t
seven percent since the sale Canada
right no in America oh wait but wait now
but we're trying to hurt Canada well
there oh my god now is the picture
dishes were hard with one more than four
so shut up okay so very quickly this is
this is important because this is what
we've been saying all along this is what
Republicans used to say this is what
conservatives used to say tariffs end up
hurting the working class and the middle
class more than anybody else and this
Donald Trump tariff tax is hurting
working-class America verage increase in
home prices projected by the home
builders
6388 dollars in the cost of building a
house because of these tariffs
so this does the summer I seriously
Thursday Canada has much lower tariffs
in the United States of America we are
not running a trade surplus a trade
deficit with Canada we
running a trade surplus it is the
Canadians who are running a trade
deficit with us and dairy and dairy we
are also running a huge trade surplus
with Canada and it is an infinitesimal
part of our trade so that means more and
more importantly and most importantly
for people at home seriously anytime
Donald Trump talks about tariffs and
talks about America first he's talking
about putting working class consumers
last this is a massive tax on the very
people who can't afford it when they go
to Walmart when they got a home depot
when they go to wherever they go cost
more jobs than it saves those prices are
going up all the people who have to make
things based on those materials their
jobs will start to disappear this will
cost the American worker coming up
President Trump is still raving about
his new favorite dictator boasting about
their great relationship while slamming
the quote haters and while the president
is back at the White House his Secretary
of State is in Seoul right now
explaining his boss's surprise pledge to
stop military exercises with South Korea
God speed also no erratic sweeps aside
Mitch McConnell says he could not have
asked for a better partner on policy
than Donald Trump you know Mitch has
been a huge supporter of tariffs and
national debt for a long look at more of
the Senate Majority Leader's
conversations with Heidi I had a morning
job thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
