I would argue that the president has at
least it's partially again not in any
way totally but partially to blame for
demons that have been unleashed whether
it's what I saw at a Senior Center back
home and people saying fu and fu and fu
to each other the Senior Center
retirements that are really going to see
each other playing croquet the next day
the fact that you know you've got the
top guy saying well I wish I could hit
you in the face and if not why don't you
and I'll pay your legal fees that's
bizarre we ought to call it as such and
what I've said you know back home when
some of these people have been frankly
weird and different in a town hall me
and said what is going on and they'll
say look if the guy at the top could say
anything to anybody at any time why
can't I that was Republican congressman
mark Sanford on Morning Joe exactly one
year ago this Friday while the South
Carolina conservative largely backed the
president's agenda he also called out
the commander-in-chief as we just heard
right there last night
Sanford lost his primary race after the
president attacked him personally on
Twitter just hours before the polls
closed and it was closed
welcome to Morning Joe everyone it's
Wednesday June 13th with us we have
MSNBC contributor Mike Barnicle national
affairs analyst for NBC News and MSNBC
John Heilemann
former Treasury official and Morning Joe
economic analyst Steve Ratner and
President of the Council on Foreign
Relations author of the book a world in
disarray Richard Haass also with us NBC
News national political reporter Heidi
Prez Bella a lot to get to you this
morning yeah and so if you want to know
where the Republican Party is right now
John Heilemann mark Sanford yep survives
career-ending oh it should have been a
career-ending scandal as governor lice
about going on the Appalachian Trail
becomes the butt of late-night jokes
nobody said that guy would ever be
elected back to Congress anyone two
years later he votes with from maybe 95%
of the time not quite but close 87 87
percent says one or two things about
Trump that people don't like all others
hope
and it's so conservative conservative
really conservative not at rumpus so
conservative that even the freedom
caucus said we would not have passed the
tax cuts without mark there is no more
conservative person on protecting tax
dollars balancing the budget paying down
the net it's been somewhat marks that's
been marked soul obsession since 1994
but primary voters like now you know we
don't care that he's like one of the
most conservative people in in Congress
he said one or two bad things about
Trump yep it's wall look there are two
things to say I throw a lot thing to say
about this but the two men we just start
to say it is devolved into a cult that
well that I marry voters in the
Republican Party have devolved into a
promised call right well it's a it's
it's clear that conservatism liberalism
voting records none of those things
matter it is a cult personality and the
president has an extraordinary hold over
his base and cult personalities one good
description for it the second thing is
for all of the people out there
including at various times everyone at
this table and me all of us who've sat
and said why is it Republicans are
afraid of Donald Trump why do they not
why do they crawl what will they never
cross him why he never pays their
loyalty he's terrible he's this he's
that they should all have the courage
their convictions and stand up to him
this is a good example because marks
camera didn't really even stand up to
him he just made a couple of snotty
comments about him and Trump brings the
wrath of Trump upon the guy who loses
his job now I wouldn't and probably
everyone here would say you should take
a stand for what you believe in that and
maybe we'll even lose your job but
nonetheless the fact is that if you get
on the wrong side of Donald Trump his
power over his base is significant
enough that he can kill you regardless
of how conservative voting record is
regardless of your history in the
Republican Party regardless of your
ideology regardless of everything else
if he wants to put a target on your back
you can and will well this is and this
is not mica it's just not we've said it
before but let us say it again
using this as an exclamation mark the
Republican Party is not a conservative
party right it's it's not conservative
it'll actually it's not conservative
fiscally it's not conservative
temperamentally you you look at
everything that whether you can go back
from Edmund Burke through Russell Kirk
you can you can go through William F
Buckley straight into Ronald Reagan
what's happening today is an aberration
of all of those things and that's fine
but I just
I wonder where conservatives go now
well there are too frightened to
actually express themselves the
difference between Mark Sanford and the
rest of the Republican actual
conservatives in the party is that mark
Sanford will be okay today if that's
what it takes if if he has to lose his
election in order to remain a
conservative and stay true to the
policies that he believes in so be it
that is Mark Sanford he is definitely a
you know flawed he's had his problems
and he took his knocks but I will tell
you this is the kind of conservative
that is missing in Washington a someone
who can stand up you all will go down
together yes you will because you don't
have backbones you don't have a moral
compass and you don't know how to stand
up to the ideals that you say you
believe in he is he's losing his
reelection because of it but he's
standing up for what is right well what
are you good at for what he's fought for
what he believes for 25 years I may not
agree here's what Mark told me last week
I was in the on a phone call with him
and you know if if you know mark you
know he's never nervous he's just not
and he I said what's it like out there
Matt and he was laughing he said Joe
it's bad I'm saying the same exact thing
I was saying 25 years ago I'm going to
conservative town hall meetings talking
about three trade and they're calling me
disloyal I'm going out talking about
balanced budgets and entitlement reform
and saving or economy for the future and
people are there screaming support your
president mm-hmm and for him it was like
he was he didn't say this but I am it
would be like you were transported to
that movie idiocracy
where you're saying this water grows
grass not federally-funded Gatorade
water grows grass and yet the very same
things that he's been saying that he
stood for for 25 years on fiscal
conservatism that I stood for suddenly
that's out of vogue because the emperor
who has no clothes says that's out of
vogue but the emperor has this
incredible ability to mobilize his
grassroots his coiiar look we have a
president who's done something unusual
instead of trying to broaden his appeal
he's narrow disappear and he's played to
his base and he's tried to end he's
created this group of people who will
follow him anywhere and look I know Mark
Sanford his first wife worked for me
actually and I was think I may even give
it to his first campaign I'm embarrassed
to say but whatever well no you're
actually you know the funny thing is you
shouldn't be embarrassed to say that
because you fight for long term he's a
concert from debt relief that was what
drove mark
dick I'm never the first day I met met
him 1994 he was talking about
entitlement reform ya know he was
absolutely right on that but just the
other it says I think there are some
true conservatives in Washington I think
they're hiding under their desks they'll
fry your mouth so and they're ready to
say anything they're going along with a
lot of these fiscally responsible bills
that are coming before Congress because
they're afraid of Donald Trump and
they're afraid of those tweets and
they're afraid of what would happen in a
primary this is just the latest example
with the pointed example of why nothing
has happened in immigration nothing has
happened in a whole range of issues
because of fear the fear of Donald
Trump's tweets so let's let's play game
we played during the the fall of 2015
when everybody was saying that Donald
Trump was that three or four percent was
never gonna would hold up papers would
say this is the day Donald Trump's at
like 5% he's at 10% but is you know
don't worry your ceilings 15 for any to
keep going above that so we're gonna do
this today
today's June 13th 2018 I'm gonna hold
this paper up and and just remember here
we are June the 13th 2018 what
Republicans did last night
and what they are doing in subservience
to Donald Trump is going to lead to a
massive Democratic wave this fall and if
you don't believe me you don't believe
the shortsightedness and I will say the
political stupidity and the radicalism
and and and the turning away from rock
solid can serve the values that have
moved this party forward starting in
1980 if you know if you don't believe me
let's just see what happened in Virginia
last night okay you won because because
in Virginia last night well Democrats if
you heard happy days are here again
blaring out of Democratic headquarters
there's a reason because last night
Democrats get him another seat in the
United States Senate because of what
Republic not Republic I know I don't
comb Republicans anymore
what trumpets what trumpets did in the
state of Virginia thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
