the Trump administration has dripped
hundreds of children from their parents
the border in some cases it appears not
even telling the families what's
happening as Boston Globe reporter Liz
Goodwin reported quote alamin Bendix was
a public defender said several of her
clients have told her their children
were taken from them by Border Patrol
agents who said they were going to give
them a bath as the hours passed it
dawned and the mothers the kids were not
coming back Democratic congressman /
millage I appalled at Washington just
met with some of the immigrant mothers
who were recently sent to a federal
prison in her state congressman what
what what was it like inside that
facility what did you hear Chris it was
heartbreaking I met with a hundred and
seventy four women in three different
groups what they call three pods in a
federal prison shockingly it's a prison
after all they told me it was the best
treatment that they've received in all
their time being detained which tells
you something about how they were
treated and ice and Border Patrol
custody these are women the vast
majority of whom are seeking asylum
trying to escape rape and violence and
murder one woman from El Salvador had
had her eldest son shot her second son
had been her eldest son was shot and
killed her second son was shot and
paralyzed and she took her final child
to try to bring him to the United States
for safety story after story like this
Chris and these women were forcibly
separated from their children at the
border you mentioned you know being told
that they were being taken for a bath
similar kinds of stories where a woman
was taken out to get her photograph
taken taken to these mass prosecutions
in these criminal courts that they set
up where they're prosecuting seventy
five to a hundred women at a time and
then came back and found that there was
no child there anymore not a one of them
had been able to say goodbye to their
children and none of them knew where
their children were none of them had
spoken to their children they had
literally been in detention probably
about 40 to 50 percent of them for more
than a month in four or five facilities
these were all individuals who were
transferred mostly from the Texas border
they hailed from 16 different countries
they were sitting in a room
next to the room where their child was
being held in some cases and they could
hear the children screaming for their
parents
it was absolutely heartbreaking and
their treatment in the ice and Border
Patrol facilities was just outrageous I
have worked on immigration issues for
twenty years and this is about as bad as
I've seen it in many cases they were not
given water to drink for five days they
had a sink in their cell and that water
was dirty chlorinated water and that's
the only thing they had to drink one one
woman said that she was hit twice by
Border Patrol right here just below her
eye on her cheekbone many of them talked
about these facilities that they have
nicknames for one nickname is the ice
box because the temperatures are so cold
that if they liken it to a freezer some
of these women had crossed the Rio
Grande come out of the river wet to turn
themselves in and were immediately put
into these freezing facilities no
blankets no mats another facility they
called the dog pound because it is
filled with cage 'el cages like kennels
which is where they were held and Chris
I just have to tell you it was
heartbreaking every time they talked
about their children they wept they are
strong courageous women escaping rape
gang violence murder political
persecution coming to the United States
they want to do this legally they have
not yet had what is called a credible
fear hearing which is what determines
whether or not you get asylum I just
want to be clear on that this because
this is the technical point but no one
had they had anyone do a first pass with
them on credible fear no they had not
had any credible fear hearings and most
of them had not seen an attorney and in
fact you know I was I have to say I was
very surprised that I was allowed in the
warden was great to me the prison staff
were really good to me much better
actually than sometimes my dealings with
ice but you know I was able to ask them
if they wanted an attorney and we took
down over a hundred names of women who
wanted to see an attorney in order to
then give it to our partners the
Northwest immigrant rights project so
that they could connect with that
and at least get them some legal
resources some of the women had been
given these little slips of paper white
slips of paper that had their name and
then their kids names and one woman said
to me these are not my children the
names that were listed on the paper were
not even her children I'm congressman
for millage I I'll thank you so much for
reporting that out for us I appreciate
it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
