Joseph Kim who fled North Korea at the
age of 16 he defected to China and then
made his way into the foster system in
the United States his father died of
starvation and his mother and sister
disappeared before he escaped and Joseph
Kim is joining us now Joseph thank you
for coming on the program and I have to
ask you you and your family have
suffered so much at the hands of the
North Korean regime can you tell me what
went through your mind when you saw some
of these images today when you saw that
handshake between Donald Trump and Kim
Jong no it was my work I was watching
destroyed my work at yes I asked Oriya
chair I had very mixed feeling in a
sense that you know it was very
interesting that you know people were
already celebrating as if everything is
going well but you know I think everyone
kind of believed that you know it's
still early to tell what to expect so
you know I had a very mixed feelings and
I don't know if I have a the right way
to describe understandable Joseph the
president one of the things he said
today was that he believes Kim will
quote be doing things related to these
human rights abuses we talked about he
says that Kim loves his people do you
think that's true I'm very glad that I
listed the discourse of our human rights
issues as can discussed it has been very
difficult to assess whether whether he
genuinely cares about human rights
issues or human rights issues has become
a great tool a political tool for his
own objectives but talking about it you
know it's not enough and you know I mean
I think that's not just common sense let
me ask you this I was struck as you're
talking I'm thinking about an interview
that you did with with a magazine in New
York where you talked about believing
that change will happen you talked about
having the faith that change will happen
today at this moment do you still have
that optimism do you still have that
faith that things will get better for
people in North Korea
I think things can and will be better I
have believed in my
people North Korean people that they
really ventually overcome this
dictatorship some it is syrup I mean it
you know be the surface are welcoming
welcomed development but I think that is
still a big question mark whether it is
some it will actually produce tangible
resorts resort that everyone is
expecting right so you know I feel like
that I be having hearing taken ports and
I'm not sure if anyone can actually
provide a tangible measurement say as to
whether it's gonna and how it's gonna
happen Joseph cam thank you very much
for being on with us today I appreciate
it
my position thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
