well we got some life but it's great
they've come out of the luncheon
apparently which was closed to the press
and now we're watching the sea there is
I think Kim Jung won there right they're
talking and there's president Trump
who's just come out in front of the
flags we've been waiting for a up sort
of a communique of some sort maybe not
formally won at the end of this day like
a four o'clock our time here in the
morning work like their afternoon there
we are just chatting and but they're
doing it in plain sight on purpose I
would guess because they had been back
left behind closed doors and now they've
come out where they know the cameras are
on them they want this to be seen now
they're chatting I guess with their
interpreters and now they're walking out
onto the platform apparently to say
something here this is interesting which
wasn't done necessarily planned now the
bid through three or four settings
already beginning at breakfast our
private meeting then the public meeting
and then a luncheon at each point
allowing the cameras in but only to do
what we call a spray not to have any
back-and-forth of any kind but the faces
of going from game faces if you will to
sports since early in the day to a very
jovial kind of companionship to this
that seems right now they're talking
again in English obviously and the
president seems to have a way of getting
a reaction from Kim jong-un here and I
guess then they're coming out to where
they're supposed to come to let's listen
to this great we had a really fantastic
meeting a lot of progress really very
positive I think better than anybody
could have expected top of the line
really good this president has doing
right now for signing has he agreed to
give up any nuclear weapons
their signatures to some document and no
one has set ahead as far as I know what
that document is going to be but we'll
find out in a moment where there's
cameras set up inside the room where
they're going for this signing let's
watch Bobby Josh I don't know if you've
got a better shot at knowing what
they're gonna sign them we do know it
seems a little early for the
communication that should be a little
later in the day
how are your view at looking at this how
it's gonna sell at home I mean you know
the way that besides that divided in our
country the people who are for Trump
estates the greatest thing since Nixon
went to China and the people in the
liberal side the Democratic side will be
skeptical I think what do you make of it
well there's obvious initial political
advantage I think some gravy here for
Donald Trump but the bigger question is
what what substance will come from it
what fascinates me a couple things one
of them is that this is diplomacy as
practiced in the new age of
authoritarianism that we're headed into
we've had 75 years after World War 2 of
what they called at the g7 summit
rules-based diplomacy Donald Trump
doesn't like groups he doesn't like
being part of a group because he doesn't
get all the credit he wants to do it
singly and alone with somebody else
across the table and apparently Kim
jong-un likes it too and I think Donald
Trump's sensed before he got into this
that that Kim would be a willing partner
one of Donald Trump's gifts is his
ability to sense weakness in the
positions of others and despite the fact
that Kim got his nuclear weapons and
some of his intercontinental ballistic
missiles he's in desperate shape his
economy is nowhere there's no
electricity grid there was famine in the
past there's chaos right unders on his
doorstep in Donald Trump I think sensed
a guy who wanted a deal who want who was
desperate for status Donald Trump knows
he has a feral sense of people desperate
for status and he saw that in kim and
saw that this was low-hanging political
fruit that he could get at least
initially and i think donald trump's
gonna get that the question of course
this isn't this isn't g7 this isn't
rules-based this is donald trump based
that's the way Donald Trump wants it and
that's the way frankly other
authoritarian leaders in the world want
it that's why he's more comfortable
dealing with the Kim why he's more
comfortable talking to Putin when he
isn't threatening why he says he has
such a great relationship with GG in
pink that's what we're seeing here and
it's a whole new world diplomatically
and politically and Donald Trump is is
creating it on the fly whether it will
work you know the Chinese may get a
little nervous here but you know what
actually are they going to agree to I
think you're gonna see the United States
offering economic help and we'll see
what Kim is willing to give in return
while we're watching up to give my young
john fun and the president it would look
silly abra√£o who choreographed a day
until now they were leaving from lunch
to head over there Bobby and they they
seem like they're stopped at this door I
can't figure out what's going on here
but all the cameras on there's john
bolton the president's security adviser
I'm looking at this doorway situation
and it's really an interesting sort of
moment where they're both sort of
chatting away on the situation arena we
we see a couple people represent us on
both sides with the president and the
interpreter they're on the president's
right there well I don't I don't think
this whole I don't think every moment of
this has been walked through a million
times before they took these walks
themselves you may remember a moment
earlier on the videotape where they
could have turned them in the wrong way
they turn the wrong way because there's
you're the door opening they're shaking
hands at going in different directions
are you go I know they're both going
into the same room apparently through
different doors no well this is straight
no they're both heading off to take a
break maybe this
be anything Bobbie Howard this could be
bathroom breaks it could be anything but
that what we're told us they're going
according to president there they go
he's walking down the portico here this
this it looks like the West Wing over it
strikes me Chris that they've spent
rather more time together than maybe now
maybe they were lying in the weeds on
this thing the whole time but it strikes
me that they're spent they spent a
little more time together if not a lot
more time together than they thought
they might and I think they're both
retreating to their respective camps to
figure out what they just did let's talk
about its Howard let's talk about some
hard facts here but everybody on the
skeptical side of this is wonder you
don't actually get something done in
terms of denuclearization was this going
to be a make let's make friends sort of
thing hands across the border occasion
and I guess with John Bolton standing
there next to the president who's our
super hawk and I expect very demanding
in terms of something hard here Bobby
you first of will they get well bones
president suggests they're gonna get
something done on the nuclear side not
just on that let's have an end to the
official war between North and South
Korea
I honestly think that Pompeo was in
those meetings as well I honestly think
this is coming down to trump and came in
and and those two the chemistry between
them what they agree what the compare
likes it or not whether Bolton likes it
or not they're going to have to sign off
on this this is going to come down to
the to the two leaders I think it's
interesting that Pompey was there but I
think his presence is balanced off I'm
sorry that volton that was there but his
presence is balanced off by Pompey who
who is not a super hawk so I think those
are you know we will try to read the tea
leaves there but I think what it comes
down to is basically what these two men
are going to decide is amazing with
these two guys talking to do women
you're chatting up they're having social
time almost and now they're happy to let
Trump lead him yeah how are you well I
think that one sort of technical problem
here is that the president and Kim spent
about 45 minutes together alone at the
beginning with only the interpreters and
now I think they've only been good
why do you think Cottrell wanted to be
alone with him with Novus no Reppert no
record cap for the reasons that I said
before which is this is all about his
individual perform in his mind and in
his lifelong strategy of negotiation and
branding and salesmanship it's all about
him in him being alone in the arena with
the one person he's negotiating with
whether he's trying to sell them a condo
or bar but does that businessman take
notes not Donald Trump I mean I've been
in Donald Trump's office I didn't see
him taking any notes he does it by what
is this again hold on for second erectus
my top of the line really good this
president has going right now for
signing has agreed to give up any
nuclear weapons it's past the cameras
and the press that somebody hasn't
yelled out are you gonna deal with this
nuclear thing or not buddy
and I think the answers been silenced in
every every moment he has not directly
addressed that he's only spoken in
generalities and expressions that we're
familiar with top of the line is a sort
of classic realistic language there but
you're right he has not directly spoken
about the nukes to the journalists but
as you say we're expecting some sort of
a statement in in in about three hours
from now by then we'll have hopefully a
pretty clear idea
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
