sation an additional expert who we want
to add to our ranks Ian Bremmer is the
founder of the political risk
consultancy - Eurasia group mr. Brimmer
thank you very much for being with us
tonight Nicole Wallace is arguing that
an important inflection point has
already been reached which is the just
the photo opportunity just the pictures
of bringing the dictator of this pariah
state who which has wanted a meeting
with the US president for decades
bringing that dictator into a one-on-one
equal relationship with the US president
with this sit-down meeting that is the
threshold that has already been reached
regardless of what has agreed in terms
of nuclear weapons on the peninsula
what's your view of the historic
significance that we've seen thus far I
think Trump's done an extraordinary
amount of lifting to get to this point
the threats of pre-emptive military
strikes the willingness to tie
cooperation with the US on tightening
sanctions against North Korea in return
for having a more constructive economic
relationship with the Chinese that did
Lee the Chinese to take the North Korea
to much more seriously with the United
States and it brought the North Koreans
to the table wouldn't have happened if
it wasn't a trump didn't happen on the
bush didn't happen Obama didn't happen
on the Clinton that's a big deal Koreans
was there any question that they would
come to the table though I mean wasn't
the issue about whether the American
president would come to the table no I'm
not talking with United States I'm
talking come to the table generally
could I keep in mind before Trump talked
about fire and fury before Trump pushed
the Chinese hard Kim jong-un had not met
with any foreign leader except Dennis
Rodman all right so I mean we're talking
now you've had two summit meetings with
the South Korean president you've had
two meetings with cheese and ping you've
had the Russian Foreign Minister come to
Pyongyang and now you have this meeting
with Donald Trump now there's no
question from a from the perspective of
making history first American president
to have the meeting from the perspective
of the media this is extraordinary
coverage but if you ask me what matters
more it's the fact that the Chinese are
engaging again and they're responsible
for the vast majority of
the North Korean economy and over time I
think it's very it's I don't believe and
I don't think no one on the panel
believes that we're gonna reach CVID in
terms of denuclearization from North
Korea they're going to give up all of
their nukes I think over time the United
States is going to become a more
marginal player like it is in Syria
where the Russians and the Iranians the
players in the region with the real
equities the cash the military
engagement they're the ones that matter
the most
over time that'll be the case the United
States will not be the most important
player in North Korea but for right now
this is Trump's moment and we'll see how
much is actually accomplished as a
consequence but the big deal here is
that we've taken the risk factor away
from the idea of military conflict
between the u.s. and North Korea and the
actors in the region who weren't engaged
before now are and I think that's
actually most of what's happening around
North Korea right now is not emanating
from Donald Trump or Washington anymore
it's now between the North Koreans and
South Koreans the North Koreans in China
that's the way it's been for most of
history that's the way it's returned Ian
Bremmer 'the founder of a political risk
consultancy the Eurasia group thank you
for being with us tonight
appreciate having you here it is you
know remarkable the transformation that
he's talking about that we talked about
this at the very beginning of our
broadcast tonight that before not only
before this year but before this spring
Kim jong-un the dictator of North Korea
had never ever met with the head of
another country now because of this
opening that the American president has
given him he's met with the leader of
South Korea he's met with the leader of
China twice he's met with the prime
minister of Singapore
he's now tonight meeting currently with
the President of the United States we
expect that the President of Russia is
going to be next what has he done to
invite him to the White House if this
goes well what is he o tably he's left
his country which is very he's left his
country with us the first time he's done
that as head of country what has he done
to earn that sort of international
acceptance and that treatment treatment
as a legitimate leader as the dictator
of the most totalitarian regime on earth
he has done nothing nuclear me yes he
does
made him a pariah what brought him into
he was not having these meetings before
Donald Trump started calling big nuclear
well you get you start developing
nuclear weapons and usually you get
isolated in this case what happened what
happened to turn that around was we got
a new president they didn't change
anything our coverage continues after a
break stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
