former President Barack Obama is keeping
busy behind the scenes preparing for
2020 Politico reports that he's already
met secretly well that's so secretly
with at least nine potential 2020
presidential hopefuls including Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren Joe Biden
devout Patrick from Massachusetts
pulling them in for one-on-one sessions
at his Washington office the report adds
that many of the conversations have
centered around democratic messaging
heading into the midterms Obama says
Democrats should talk about kitchen
table issues economics of course not the
rushed investigations quote don't chase
the shiny objects he tells them don't
hyperventilate of the flash of any tweet
think about what's going on to stick
it's going to stick in the long term
ginger your thoughts on that I mean that
stands like old-time religion but I
don't think that's what's going to
happen in the public debate because
nobody covers those old-time religion
things they seem so basic and everybody
says that stuff I think the key takeaway
here is to realize that unlike the
Republicans had in 2012 and 2016 where
they really didn't have a senior
statesman who could step in and say hey
guys stop throwing bombs stop attacking
each other stay on message and keep your
eye on the prize Barack Obama is willing
to do that and that could really change
the tone and the tenure of the
Democratic primary with his ability to
mediate fights and to keep potential
nominees from really damaging one
another in the primary you think you'll
go that far is too reef referee in other
words you know as they say their effort
you know in the NBA been watching a lot
of playoffs they say we're gonna slow
this game down we're gonna make sure it
stays safe
nobody's gonna we're gonna call fouls
whenever we can you think he'll be that
aggressive as a referee ginger but he
has the ability to he has the ability to
step in and try to make cooler heads
prevail remember when Newt Gingrich and
Mitt Romney were blooding each other up
in the 2012 primary there was almost no
one who could get them to stop and it
really hurt Mitt Romney's chances in the
general election damaged his nomination
Barack Obama has the ability and is
respected by these people who are
running to intervene and try to get you
back down ginger you're going pretty
further than the time
many other guys think what do you think
of Eli do you think you get that
involved in refereeing this thing no I
don't and I think if there's 20
Democratic candidates how do you how do
any of them break through when the media
environment is dictated by Donald Trump
and everybody else is in a reactive
posture I think the president the former
president is probably correct that if
the Democrats are going to reach beyond
the Democratic base they are going to
have to talk more about things like
health care about voting rights about
the environment about things and make an
actual case other than just Trump is
terrible and we're here to be a check on
Donald Trump that may be good enough to
animate Democratic voters and there may
do some good with moderate voters but I
just think that when you have twenty
candidates when we get to the
presidential primary season potentially
twenty candidates all trying to make a
name for themselves all trying to break
through in a media environment where
it's gonna be hard for any of them to
break through frankly I just think the
advice of a former president even one is
well respected on the Democratic side as
President Obama is only going to take
them so far it's hard to get press when
you're way out there number 15 or 20 15
to 20 is gonna be a hard two effort to
get under that second tier
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
