hours before the president comes
face-to-face with Kim jong-un we now
know from the White House that the
conversation will not include North
Korea's brutal practices and glaring
human rights violations worth noting the
Trump administration's own State
Department says human rights abuses by
DPRK regime remain among the worst in
the world including extrajudicial
killings forced labor torture prolonged
arbitrary detention rape forced
abortions sexual violence
NBC's Kendall a nyan has been writing
about all this and joins me now with
more so Ken let's start with the obvious
question why would the administration
decide to keep this out of the
conversation well Chris I should say
first if there's nothing that would
prevent Donald Trump from freelancing
and bringing this up in his one-on-one
meeting with Kim we're not ruling that
out but the bottom line is that the
administration is not making human
rights concessions a part of these
negotiations and in fairness that's in
keeping with decades of US practices and
policies where the nuclear threat from
North Korea to the United States is
prioritized over it's awful human rights
and that has only gotten more acute with
the notion that North Korea is
perfecting an ICBM that could
potentially deliver a nuclear weapon to
the United States so it's only natural
that the the United States would value
its own security first and foremost but
we shouldn't lose sight of the fact that
the that this regime is more brutal than
any other in the world according to the
United Nations it's up orders of
magnitude different from say Iran or
China or Burma or other repressive
countries Chris earlier this week there
were more than 300 groups they come from
all around the world they sent a letter
to Kim junco and demanding that his
regime they had a laundry list of things
act on UN Human Rights recommendations
increase engagement with the
International Human Rights system
everything up to and including ending
abuses and detention in prison and in
fact the President did talk about North
Korea's brutal record in a speech to
South Korea's National Assembly last
November take a listen do we have that
an estimated 100,000 North Koreans
suffering gulags toiling in forced labor
an enduring torture starvation
rape and murder on a constant basis and
that address is still posted if you go
to whitehouse.gov it's there as part of
the America first agenda could trump for
example seek some human rights
concessions after some sort of deal is
consummated if indeed they do come to
some sort of deal well that is certainly
the hope Chris and in fact a few months
after that speech Donald Trump hosted
some North Korean defectors in the Oval
Office who said that they were overjoyed
when they heard him say those words to
the North Korean Parliament but
activists are very concerned by Trump's
rhetoric in recent weeks about Kim
essentially suggesting that all he has
to do is give up his nuclear weapons
should preserve the security of his
regime and to get sanctions lifted and
they are worried that this these strong
words on human rights by Donald Trump
was just a tactic to get Kim to the
table it remains to be seen what Trump
does going forward on this issue chris
kendall a nyan great seeing you thank
you for this hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
