mayor of Tallahassee Andrew Gilliam he's
of course the Democratic nominee for
governor of Florida as well mayor
Gilliam welcome back to the show sir
thanks so much
check I hope all is well all is well
with luckily my family that I have in
Pensacola
obviously lucked out this storm took
that took that right turn but let's talk
about what you're dealing with in
Tallahassee in some ways I I don't want
to say you guys dodged a it a bit but I
know you're almost serving more as a
community helping out Panama City and
helping out Apalachicola walk me through
the Tallahassee destruction yeah first I
got to say that our hearts here in my
community go out to friends and
neighbors there to the west of
Tallahassee Leon County we saw as their
community was literally wiped away by
water I mean water up to rooftops you've
seen all the images you all have shown
them our challenge here in Tallahassee
was of a different nature it was largely
wind and rain and my community we've got
about 50% tree cover which means when
the rain comes and that ground gets
saturated the wind knocks those trees
over we've got thousands of trees down
in my community over a hundred thousand
of our residents are without power we
are experiencing a lot of work today to
remove debris and trees from from
covered impassable roads and we've got
our utility crews on the line trying to
get a power back restored but the truth
is is that we're counting our blessings
here in Tallahassee
we know that it could have been much
worse for us and when we see what's
happened to our friends and neighbors we
really are quite fortunate you feel like
you have an estimate of when you feel as
if your city will be fully functioning
again with power with cleared streets
you know being able to reopen schools
all of those things when do you feel
like Tallahassee can be back to work is
Monday morning realistic well we're
trying today folks woke up to crews
really saturating my city we had a
pre-staged over a hundred utility
linemen six o'clock this morning they
were out working on these poles I went
around and visited a couple today and
throughout the day the truth is though
is that because the EM
to our grid system over 60% of the
transmission lines were impacted because
of the damage south of us our energy
line to Southern energy was cut off it's
important that we get that reestablished
because as you know you can't have too
much energy on a grid system or else
more harm is caused and so we've got to
get that reconnection established hard
to give a hard to estimate at this point
I will tell you damage was greater than
her mean and her mean we had about 90
percent of our utility back up in 72
hours we're hoping to beat that but
we're still waiting for some estimates
to come in when are you gonna feel
comfortable going back on the campaign
trail well I tell you my first job is
obviously here as mayor of Florida's
capital city I was here and prepared to
help sea house community through the
storm I'll feel better when we got our
folks back reconnected to electric
utility utilities obviously it will take
some time getting debris removed and
that kind of thing but once we got
people their power back I'll feel
comfortable getting back out on the
trail campaigning and how would you
assess governor Scott and the
administration and and how they're
leading the effort here yeah well my
relationship has mainly been outside of
our municipal level has been with
Governor Scott and Senator Nelson we
have been in touch as well with folks
from the White House and everybody seems
accommodating our request we've kind of
tried to keep them down understanding
that the request to the west of us are
much much greater but obviously
everything that we need we're putting in
the requests and are hoping to get a
good response so I say we're working
together right now all right I want you
to put your gubernatorial hat on for a
moment when it comes to Tyndall Air
Force Base you and I you partially grew
up in Miami along a lot along with me
and you I think you moved from Richmond
Heights just before Andrew homestead Air
Force Base was the heart was the heart
homestead Air Force Base was the heart
of the community down there and and
Andrew devastated it and it was always
sort of teetering on the list of whether
they were gonna close it and then it
gets decimated and they never really
fully returned I think there's a fear
that
somehow because of the devastation to
Tyndale that this could become an excuse
to you know shut down another base
you know Florida's got plenty of bases
will be the argument perhaps what are
you going to do if elected governor to
save Tyndall well first of all I hope
that thought is not a serious one at the
federal level
Tendo plays an incredibly important role
not only to our national and
international security but to the
economy of the western panhandle of the
state of Florida you've got a whole
community that has grown up as a
military support arm if you will the
schools are filled with students whose
parents are public servants and really
given their all for our country honestly
I hope we are just prognosticating and
that that's not a real possibility I'll
do everything that I can as governor to
defend Jindal as an important instrument
to the national defense of the United
States
one last question there was there's been
a debate of a debate that has sparked
inside both the Democratic Party and a
little bit between the Democrats and
Republicans which is the famous line
that Michelle Obama said when they go
low we go high and Eric Holder the
former attorney general said you know
what when they go low we got to kick
them and and there's been this back at
forth debate where do you sit on this do
you think Democrats need a fight harder
or do you still ascribe to the Michelle
Obama line of when they go low we go
high well I'll tell you I'm gonna quote
my grandmama she used to say never ever
wrestle with a pig you both get dirty
but the pig likes it I've tried to
describe that in my old political life
and and and and I realize this is a
serious conversation for some but quite
frankly at this time we're focused on
getting restored totally understand mr.
mayor thank you for your time good luck
to everybody there and obviously we're
all we're all thinking about the Big Ben
communities down there thank you sir we
should note that we also invited
Governor Rick Scott to be on the show
today but his office decline to make him
available hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
