I don't even think there's a slight
suspicion that it's true when you stood
with it when you look at stormy Daniels
beautiful women classy women women of
great substance store McDaniels Donald
Trump TV lawyer is using his clients
trademark strategy for undermining women
who accuse him of inappropriate behavior
attack their looks
in this case Giuliani who announced his
divorce from wife number two while
dating soon-to-be ex-wife number three
was referring to adult film star stormy
Daniels Giuliani went on to say that he
has no respect for porn stars prompting
this response from Trump on Friday
Rudy's great but Rudy Rudy but Rudy is
doing a very good job actually
he said what
I'm not gonna disagree with about that
joining me now is dill wine banks former
assistant Watergate special prosecutor
Lisa bloom civil rights attorney with
the Blum firm in Michael avenatti
attorney for stormy Daniels and Michael
I'm gonna go to you first because it was
your client who was being disparaged
you surely had a journalist had a tweet
that he did back on May 30th that showed
the Trump vodka launch party on Jan in
January of 2007 and at that party were
or kim kardashian your client and Donald
Trump so obviously Donald Trump had
certain amount of respect for your
client at one point because he obviously
had in your you know in her allegation
of sexual liaison with her he's been
known to you know hang around and hang
out with women who were even with his
daughter there's another picture here
and this is from CNN this was an
apprentice release party for Playboy
Mansion at the Playboy Mansion so he you
know he hangs around a lot of different
kinds of women so maybe he has more
respect for women who you know have
various professions than Giuliani did
does but what did you make of Rudy's
rudy giuliani's a tactic of attacking
your client well joy I find the tactic
to be disgusting I find the comments to
be disgusting and I find mr. Trump's
support of mr. Giuliani yesterday to be
even more disgusting you know if this
was a fortune 500 company mr. Giuliani
would have been immediately fired as
general counsel or outside counsel to
the company and the CEO certainly would
not have appeared on television in
support of these outrageous comments you
know mr. Trump hasn't seemed to have a
problem over the years having sex with
adult film stars he seems to like him in
his bed so you know it's ironic to me
that now this man would would come out
and basically state that because my
client is an adult film star that she
doesn't deserve respect and that she's
not credible I mean this is outrageous
and every woman and man in the United
States should be outraged by these
comments in this behavior and the fact
that Rudy Giuliani has not been fired
yet
is a disgrace yeah you know you know I
have to come to the table just for a
moment Lisa because you know you
represent a lot of women who are you
know stepping forward to make claims you
know against powerful men and then
having their lives kind of shredded and
scrutinized and their choices their
career choices their life choices
scrutinized it is ironic I mean Donald
Trump was in a softcore porn film right
right he was he was in it but but and no
one is supposed to criticize him right
for that but these women who were
stepping forward are taking a huge risk
of reputational attack well and now I'm
just so appreciative of mr. Giuliani
that he tells us silly girls you know
what our sexual choices should be what
our career choices should be I mean this
is so offensive the mansplaining but
you're right what's really going on here
is they're trying to deter other women
right coming out because he's trying to
send a message you will be shamed you
will be demeaned
by Rudy Giuliani or by Trump himself
that's what's really going on here and I
salute stormy Daniels and Michael
avenatti for having none of it and for
continuing to persevere in the face of
these attacks yeah I mean Jill you know
Donald Trump you know has always been
sort of in in the past before he was a
political figure is somebody who was it
had the opposite sort of attitude he
wasn't this sort of judgmental person
towards one's choices he literally felt
it appropriate to have his wife and his
daughter at the same party with Karen
McDougal with whom he later had an
affair we don't know what the timeline
was but he felt fine being in that loes
environments with his daughter present
but now these women are you know now you
have stormy Daniels who he allegedly had
an affair with being disparaged for
doing Mele does seem quite hypocritical
well it is hypocritical and hypocrisy
seems to be a very big part of what
Donald Trump is and Giuliani
I mean Giuliani had an affair before he
got married to his second wife with whom
he was having an affair and then had an
affair with his third wife before he was
done with his second wife and now he's
divorced from his third wife the
hypocrisy of attacking women and I will
say this
Michael avenatti and stormy Daniels look
so much better than Donald Trump and his
lawyer
she has credibility
in my mind and I'm proud of her for
being willing to do this so many women
are not willing to bring rape charges or
to bring harassment charges because it
will ruin their careers I will ruin
their reputation it will hurt them and
being attacked like this is just not
fair it's got to be difficult but she
has she has you know because she is not
willing to be shamed really she's using
out of herself so comfortable in her own
skin yeah and that is something to be
really proud of absolutely and so let me
come back to you Michael because I think
the more relevant Kate the point here is
whether or not she was well represented
the first time around when she made that
deal to be silent about her alleged
affair with Donald Trump there's now a
new lawsuit that has been filed that
you're you're you guys are filing
against the former attorney Keith
Davidson who made that deal who is who
your side is saying was elected to be a
puppet for Michael Cohen and Donald
Trump in order to advance their
interests at the expense of Stephanie
Clifford or just or me Daniel's real
name they've now counter sued for
defamation Keith Davidson has sued you
they've and stormy Daniels and Michael
Cohen your thoughts well Keith Davidson
is an absolute scumbag and he's a
disgrace to the profession of law and I
think when this case is all said and
done he's going to be disbarred and
rightfully so you know we still don't
have all of his documents and the text
messages between him and Michael Cohen
it's clear to us they were conspiring in
March and April of this year against my
client which as Lisa will tell you a
even a discharged attorney should never
be working against that attorneys former
client but I want to go back to what we
were talking about moments ago because I
think this is a very important point joy
you know when Donald Trump was trying to
get in the pants of my client he didn't
tell my client that he disrespected her
whether she wasn't credible or she
wasn't intelligent you know when mr.
Trump was trying to get in the pants of
mrs. MacDougal he didn't tell her that
he disrespected her that she wasn't
intelligent that she wasn't entitled to
credibility the hypocrisy here is
unbelievable and let me tell you what
I'd like to know this morning
I'd like to know the last time mr. Julie
90 viewed pornography something tells me
it wasn't years or decades ago so if
there's anyone in the United States that
could help me answer that question
please provide that information to me
because I'd like to make it known yeah
there's a lot of Hipparchus ignore a lot
of mansplaining going on summer servos
is going to stick with you for a second
Michael had the opportunity to depose on
the Trump and she was the former
apprentice contestant who said that
Donald Trump kissed and groped her after
she appeared on her show and kissed and
groped her obviously against her will
does she will get that deposition do you
believe that with this new lawsuit you
know alleging that you know Donald Trump
that the deal made with Donald Trump was
made with the lawyers collusion does
that provide an affordable opportunity
for you to get to depose Donald Trump I
think it does in light of the
allegations in our complaint and in
light of the allegations relating to
what mr. Trump knew earlier this year
and what he knew about the effort to
silence my client one way or the other
joy I'm gonna get a chance to depose
this president and ask the tough
questions and I'm gonna actually demand
and get answers Lisa let me ask you
about that because you have now Keith
Davidson who is involved in multiple
instances of doing these NDA's I seem to
be cookie cutter NDA's for these women
they don't seem quite favorable to the
women how strong is the case that he was
colluding essentially with Michael Cohen
well I don't know all of the evidence I
don't know what the text messages are I
have seen what's been made public which
is the agreement itself I don't know
whether for example this cookie cutter
agreement did that come from Cohen did
that come from Keith Davidson I mean
these do tend to be templates in this
case that's very unusual with the pp and
the DD benefit Denison and Peggy
Peterson and that is unusual so you know
I just don't know enough don't have
enough evidence yet for me yeah that
determination yeah and but from a
standpoint of you know legal ethics if a
client comes to an attorney and multiple
clients come to this attorney and they
the same result keeps happening I mean
that the woman has to be quiet yes she
gets a certain amount of money well I'll
tell you something until about six
months ago almost all of these things
ended with NDA's and women being
silenced or being paid an amount of
money
and I've done a lot of work in the last
few months to get deals without NDA's
and I've had to push very hard and I've
gotten some of them but merely that
there's an NDA I don't think is
sufficient now if he is colluding if
there's text messages to show that
especially after he got out of the case
and if he hasn't turned over the file as
Michael avenatti says that's clearly an
ethical violation we have an obligation
to do that yeah and that's what you're
gonna be looking for I'm assuming
Michael is that you no evidence of
communication between Michael Cohen and
mr. mr. Davison well you're absolutely
right I mean after mr. Davidson no
longer represented my client he should
not have been having any communications
with Michael Cohen about my client and
yet we know that he has and we've been
demanding these text messages for months
repeatedly four five six times and they
refused to provide the text messages
because they know they are very very
damaging and we're going to get our
hands on them sooner rather than later
yeah and so Jill you know I what's
what's sort of fascinating here is the
way in which the stormy Daniels case has
kind of dove tailed or sort of run into
the the Robert Muller case how how is
that happening how does this case
ultimately reflect on the bigger Russia
Gate case well I think it's all part of
the kind of people that Donald Trump
surrounds himself with you have Cohen at
the center of this who is his lawyer and
not an ethical great lawyer who is the
one who supposedly wrote these NDA's
which all included things about
paternity well Michael avenatti has
denied that there is any paternity issue
involved in Starr McDaniels why is it in
there because he was too lazy to take it
out and her lawyer Keith Davidson didn't
even think to take it out right so
there's a lot of bad things based on he
has Giuliani now as his lawyer this is
not doing him any good yeah in any
respect and his attack on stormy his
praise of Melania who says I never
talked to him about this why is he
speaking for me right so this is not
helping Donald Trump at all yeah and you
do have also this sense Lisa in which
you know everyone we talked early in the
last hour about how sort of everyone is
implicated the entire Republican Party
is recruited into the way that Donald
Trump speaks the way that he
his policy ideas even if they don't
agree with them everyone's recruited you
you now have people sort of using Donald
Trump's tactic of pushing back against
these women there's a piece of sound
here from October of 2016 there was a
People magazine writer named Natasha
stone offal alleged Trump pushed her
against the wall tried to force his
tongue down her mouth down her throat
and physically attacked her during a
tour at mar-a-lago in 2005 this is how
Trump reacted she said I made
inappropriate advances and by the way
the area was a public area people all
over the place
take a look you take a look look at her
look at her words you tell me what you
think I don't think so
I don't think you know take a look at
her I don't think so it's so offensive
that all matter that matters about a
woman is what she looks like that you
have to reach a certain level of
attractiveness for Trump to sexually
harass or grope you I mean it's so
offensive but that's the mindset of
these guys that's how we get judged our
appearance that's all that matters and
by the way stormy Daniels is a career
woman stormy Daniels is fully in control
of her career her acting her directing
producing who is more in control of her
professional life than the stormy
Daniels very smart I mean if you listen
to her great communication skills
because she's out there battling trolls
and everything on Twitter as well
eighteen women who also accused him
there are many professional women
solutely yeah well how am i represented
and they are still standing on one of
whom just one a elected office or she
Lisa yeah exactly Michael last question
to you where is this going from here
this battles back and forth obviously
with with miss Daniels former attorney
that's happening you still have these
active cases in probably Michael Cohen
give us a preview where does this go
from here well joy we're gonna continue
to march forward and we're going to
acquire the evidence and the facts and
the documents to show exactly what
happened here and we're going to
disclose that to the American people so
they can make their own judgment as to
what happened and you know this isn't
about the sex it's about the it's about
the cover-up that took place at the
hands of mr. Trump and mr. Cohen and
look I want to go back to something
because I think this is really important
mr. Trump hired mr. Cohen and used him
for over a decade as his personal
attorney if that doesn't
reflect a tremendous lack of judgment I
don't know what does mr. Trump then
turned around and hired most recently
mr. Giuliani to represent him and has
now doubled down on his comments if that
doesn't reflect an absolute lack of
judgment I don't know what does I mean
this president has no judgment when it
comes to picking people he promised the
best and the brightest brightest and we
got these two guys well you're a your
client quite a good job but fucking
somebody who could represent her in your
job viously doing so very able to Jill
wine banks aren't sticking around Lisa
bloom Michael avenatti thank you both
have a wonderful weekend thank you thank
you it up next the imperial president
stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
