having arrived at the g7 summit and our
late president Trump as we said will be
leaving the summit early to fly on ahead
to Singapore for his meeting with the
North Korean dictator Trump said
yesterday he didn't need to prepare much
that attitude is more important well he
followed that up with these remarks
today I didn't say that I said I've been
preparing all my life I always believed
in preparation but I've been preparing
all my life you know these one-week
preparations they don't work just ask
Hillary what happened to her in the
debate here to talk about all of it
tonight Sumi Terry a senior fellow for
the Korea chair at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies
importantly she's also a former senior
analyst at the CIA and was in charge of
that region while on the White House
National Security Council also with us
retired four-star US Army general Barry
McCaffrey decorated combat veteran of
Vietnam former battlefield commander in
the Persian Gulf his global portfolio
and it is vast includes the Korean
Peninsula as well so I'd like to begin
with you here in New York what I know
you'll be part of our coverage Monday
but what will you be watching for what
should our viewers be watching for when
these two emerge well the first optic is
going to be good because both the
leaders are invested in having good
optics I want to watch out for if
there's gonna be a second day after the
initial meeting because right now
they're they're planning for a second
day meeting if the first day goes well
and honestly after this meeting
we gotta have more than just a very
broad joint statement something about
North Korean community negotiation we
need to they need to at least produce
North Korea active finding technical
addition as we define it which is Union
attractive dismantlement of their
nuclear program and we did need to
produce at least some sort of timeline
they will show that North Korea works
fully give a declaration of all the
nuclear weapons program and at least
some sort of timeline that says we're
gonna move towards verification and
implementation outside of that if
there's just a joint broad statement
after two days of meeting I don't think
that's a success general McCaffrey
before we talked Korea you'll forgive me
if I go back exact
one segment I was thinking of you
earlier you are a cold warrior at first
turned kinetic warrior later in life you
spent most of your adult life in uniform
when you hear Susan Glasser say this is
not a drill and talk the way she is
talking she doesn't toss language around
casually about the post-world War two
alliance on this week when we're marking
yet another d-day anniversary how do you
react to that
well I think it's it's appalling to be
to be blunt these international
alliances that have sustained us both
economically and in national security
are now being called into question
particularly with the Russians it's just
bizarre the Soviet evil empire came
apart the poor Russians are still under
the sway of mr. Putin he's essentially
running a thug ah cracy of kleptocracy
his neighbors are frightened by him by
the way nobody cares anything about
Russia except for their nuclear weapons
and their oil and natural gas their
economy is less than that of Italy so
what the president is up to is beyond
most of us who have watched this
situation over the last several decades
I would only add mr. Ovechkin of the
Capitals had a good week the the great
number eight on the ice so general the
president likes to complain that no one
dealt with the Korea issue before him
the truth probably is that because a
bunch of presidents dealt with it that
has kept the peace on the peninsula what
will you be watching for as we get
underway Monday well by the way I think
you just made a extremely important
point South Korea a democracy rule of
law an ally with a massive well equipped
and trained military force and the
Japanese are our allies in the region
and for North Korea represent these are
bad people exploiting the the North
Korean population there in penury they
don't have a very good military but now
they've got ICBMs that can threaten us
so mr. Trump
to go into that meeting with secretary
Madison Pompeo advice we've got to try
and get them to reduce the military
tension on the peninsula the North
Koreans want us out of the u.s. armed
forces out of the region they want to be
accepted as a nuclear power and they
need the economic constraints lifted so
if mr. Trump thinks it's just attitude
then we're about to get greater risk in
the Korean Peninsula than we had before
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
