all right joining us now from Washington
DC with a look at axia Sam co-founder
and CEO of Axios Jim VandeHei Jim great
to have you with us what is access and
one big thing for this morning
yeah Mikey's got a really interesting
scoop about what they call internally
the book in the book is what they hand
the president every night before he goes
up to his executive residence that art
is genius by the way but the book is his
briefing book and the reason that Mike
writes about it is that aides continue
to have a heck of a hard time getting
the president to engage on material on
briefing papers on details that he needs
to go to the Korea summit or to think
about these trade negotiations and the
book is where they try to do that they
stuff in briefing papers bullet points
they've tried everything from folding
little notes in there simplifying the
bullet point so he'll pay attention to
it but they're still very frustrated
that very rarely do they feel like
they're getting him to engage in that
content that unless they get them
one-on-one in a room in the moment when
the topic is hot that they're having a
hard time getting him to focus on it so
if we could just put that graphic up
really quickly that you guys made I can
tell what the button is that's obviously
the red nuclear button what's that on
the right is that meant to be the remote
control for his cable TV to bring in the
diet cokes or not but let me ask you
this so you're talking about the
briefing book let's talk about the
president's love of newspapers for a
moment and how that factors into how he
consumes information we've seen this in
the past obviously he relies on both
articles calling fake news he relies on
a lot on cable news but what role does
that play in his information stream yeah
it's interesting because everyone
assumes he doesn't look at newspapers or
go online he doesn't really go online
but he does look at the hardcopy of
newspapers I'll tell you a funny story
early in the presidency were sitting
there with one of his top officials and
he said you want to see how the
president communicates with us and he
opens up his phone and he shows us
emails from the president in what they
each have a PDF attached to it with a
photo of the hard copy of a paper with
magic marker markings on hey what are we
doing about this hey bring this to
so-and-so's attend
and he still does it that still how he
wants to communicate a lot of the
information that he's reading the
complexity now is is that officially
becomes a presidential record so if
someone has to grab those they have to
be filed they have to be preserved
because they often have important notes
about who should go look at what when I
know that like presidents always carve
out some time of their day just for them
personally it's kind of like the
president's executive time how does this
president and his use of executive time
focus on you know let's say TV watching
tweeting is there any sense that anybody
in the White House wants to try or maybe
even possibly curtail the way he does
that tweet and watch TV yes like
everyone would love to have him tweet
lesson to watch fewer Fox programs but
they also know it's never going to
happen and he's still he's very
protective of that executive time you
remember months ago Jonathan Swan had
that scoop about how they've carved out
until 11 a.m. in the morning for the
president to be upstairs alone watching
TV often reacting on Twitter they are
sort of their view internally as Trump
is Trump let Trump be Trump there's
nothing we can do about it
the thing that frustrates them and why
the book matters is that facts do matter
and they feel very strongly that he's
sometimes go off on a on something that
he just feels is right and they can't
get him the real information to say it's
not if he thinks the post office is
raising rates or is doing things that
benefit Amazon even if the facts polite
they have a hard time saying no no look
here are the facts of the matter and at
a big scale this stuff matters you're
talking about the earth Oriya trade
meeting
what about nuclear or demon colorization
of the peninsula and the president
saying you know what you don't need to
do that much briefing you just go in
there you read the guy and you decide we
can get a deal or we can't get a deal
most of the time it's more complex in it
yeah it sounds like a scary thought to
think of it like that i Jim Bend I live
in DC for us thank you very much and of
course here we're gonna be reading
actually Sam in just a little bit to all
of our viewers out there you can sign up
for the newsletter by going to sign up
Axios calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
