I have listened to senators speak to the
President of the United States on the
phone but what would it take for a
sitting united state senator actually
hang up on the president because that's
something I've never seen I have never
seen a senator tire of speaking to the
president and just decide the senator
has better things to do and hang up
president in this case who is a member
of the same party as the senator we have
now seen that happen because senator bob
Corker had just such a conversation with
President Trump this was about president
Trump's tariffs on Mexico Canada and the
European Union our strongest allies who
the president is now trying to say are a
national security threat to this country
bob Corker is the chairman chairman the
center foreign rights committee and he
knows better and he's not running for
reelection as a Republican and so he has
introduced a bill that would require
congressional approval when a president
wants to enact tariffs based on national
security reasons according to the
Washington Post corker said the
president called him Wednesday morning
and asked him not to file the bill but
corker rebuffed Trump's request
I mean United States Senator and you
know I have responsibilities and I'm
gonna continue to carry them out corker
said he told Trump he's obviously not
pleased with this effort said corker who
has clashed with the president in the
past we had a heartfelt conversation
finally a lot of time had gone by and I
had other meetings heartfelt
conversation is Southern gentleman for
you can imagine no one's time is more
valuable than the president's time I can
remember sitting in the Oval Office
worrying about the amount of
presidential time we were using to talk
about a tax bill especially on days when
I saw the CIA director out in the lobby
waiting to go in after us which might
have been something much more important
but time with this president is
apparently worth less than other
meetings to senator barn bob corker and
he's not the only one who's got better
things to do
than to talk to the President on the
phone all day mr. president very well
let's see what happened okay we're
running out of time it's inappropriate
just to be willy-nilly throwing tariffs
around and changing your mind and
throwing them around this direction
change your mind I just don't think
that's that's not the way you deal with
economic issues like that and to clarify
a to state that they are you know
national security issues one I mean
there's almost no way you could stretch
these to be national security issues it
then is amusing the authorities that you
have joining us now is George F will
Pulitzer prize-winning syndicated
columnist and an MSNBC contributor
George that certainly sounds very
obvious to me that there's no national
security issue involved in trade with
Canada but the president seems to think
that the Canadians are a force to be
somehow protected from yes well the
president's mad at China so he's poke
Canada in the eye and it's hard to
follow the reasoning here the corker
amendment which would claw back just
some of the power that Congress has
improvidently given two presidents long
before this it's interesting that
they've made this vast grant of power
for the President to do pretty much what
he wants with trade in the name of
national security they did this in 1974
that is just as they were removing from
office a president in the United States
Richard Nixon who had abused power in
many ways always in the name of
protecting national security you know
everyone knows a socialist ran for
president in 2016
people are just beginning to realize I
think that the socialist one if
socialism is as I think it is the
thorough permeation of economic life by
political considerations and government
power
that's what protectionism is it doesn't
give rise to crony capitalism it is
crony capitalism it's it's supplanting
the market by the biggest bossiest
government you can imagine that tells
Americans what they can buy
in what quantities and at what price
it's astonishing and it seems that
international trade is is one of the the
least understood things in our
government policy especially by
politicians because the president seems
to think that tariffs are something that
foreign countries will have to pay to
the United States when every economist
is trying to tell them they are simply
sales taxes that the American consumer
the Trump voter will have to pay tariffs
are taxes collected at the border and
when you have tariffs on say aluminum
and steel what you're doing is cutting
the defense budget that is you are
effectively cutting what the defense
budget will buy that's made of aluminum
steel which is almost everything the
Defense Department buys the the the g7
meeting is coming up tomorrow and
president macron of France is welcoming
Donald Trump to it with tweets such as
this our values and interests are built
through multi multilateralism including
American interests let us look at
history isolationism is bad for the
American people I think President Trump
knows that what's your reaction to that
well he's quite right Jim Robinson a
very distinguished economist and an
economist of the left by the way said
protectionism is when you blockade your
own ports it's it's weird to do this to
raise the cost of the goods and services
that the American people are going to
buy so you begin by in the name of
protecting a few American jobs you cost
many more jobs throughout the radiating
effects of the economy and you lower the
living standards of the American people
it sounds optimistic for a president
makrand to be saying I think President
Trump knows that he's being more polite
than he's required to be at this point
the funny thing is we the president was
supposed to understand nothing but
business he doesn't understand business
George F well thank you very much for
joining us net thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
