we have breaking news just at this
minute about that Senate staffer we were
talking about earlier in the program
with Rachel Maddow the that Senate
staffer has now been indicted according
to a press release from the United
States Attorney's Office in the District
of Columbia from the Justice Department
it's the title of the press release says
former US Senate employee indicted on
false statement charges the longtime
director of security for the set Select
Committee on Intelligence is accused of
lying to the FBI about repeated contacts
with reporters James a wolf 58th of
Ellicott City Maryland was indicted by a
federal grand jury on three counts of
violating federal law at the time he
made the alleged false statements to the
FBI I want to go now to congressman Adam
Schiff of California he is the ranking
Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee and congressman Schiff this
shocking development literally occurred
just during our commercial break we were
going to talk about this staffer whose
name we only learned minutes before the
show but do you have any reaction to
what we're learning tonight about these
charges against this a Senate
Intelligence Committee staffer I don't
know anything about the facts of it
Lawrence I know only what I've seen in
these very recent public reports about
his position within the Senate and it's
a very key and important position we
have alike responsibility on the House
Intelligence Committee and so these
charges are obviously very serious leaks
are a serious problem but the attacks on
impress are also a serious problem with
this administration and I have to hope
with extraordinary use of either
national security letter or subpoena or
whatever a device the Justice Department
used to seize the reporters records that
they followed all the proper procedures
that this was a remedy of last resort
because that's another problem that
we've seen this administration in
addition to the leaks is this whole
scale attack on the press well in
addition to the administration though
congressman it seems the United States
Senate itself has been a party
this investigation because that
resolution that we all reported that the
Senate voted on unanimously last night
without knowing what it was about it was
just a matter of a resolution saying
that the Senate Intelligence Committee
could and should cooperate with the
Justice Department on an investigation
and at that point an unknown
investigation on the assumption that it
was this investigation and in fact we
don't know that but on the on the
assumption that was then this
investigation would have the complete
support a United States Senate not
necessarily the particulars of subpoena
information from reporters well that's
exactly right the Senate committee I
have to expect and again I'm not
speaking on the basis of first-hand
knowledge about this but I can tell you
on the House Intelligence Committee if
we were approached by the Justice
Department and they had evidence that
someone our committee was responsible
for leaking classified information we'd
want to cooperate with that
investigation also I don't know the
particulars about what other efforts the
Justice Department may have gone through
before seeking phone records from a
reporter and I don't know whether my
Senate colleagues had that information
either but certainly the Senate
committee would want to help the Justice
Department in any way that was required
and we also on this story have no idea
what time frame is involved in the
offenses apparently he's there saying
that he leaked information to reporters
that was classified information but this
is a staffer who's been there 31 years
and so it could have been last year or
it could have been several years before
that that's not something we know at
this point no and again just searching
from the public reports I think one of
the reports stated that the phone
records that were sought went back for a
period of years
that's very extraordinary if you're
going to follow the Department of
Justice procedures I would imagine that
you try everything else first and then
your request is only as broad as it
needs to be so it would be a narrow
tailored request for phone records so if
they indeed look for phone records for
years or emails for years that says
they're looking for a long term
of conduct and they would have had I
expect significant evidence to lead them
to seek such a broad request for that
kind of discovery the Justice Department
release on this tonight says that James
Wolfe was in truck entrusted with access
to classified secret and top secret
information provided by the executive
branch including the US intelligence
community community and that says wolf
is alleged to have lied to FBI agents in
December of 2017 about his repeated
contacts with three reporters including
through his use of encrypted messaging
applications now
the James James wolf who's been there
for 31 years I that may be someone you
know I know the two committees in the
house in the Senate don't have much
interaction but occasionally is James
wolf a Senate staffer on the
Intelligence Committee who you have met
I don't know Lawrence I've certainly
been in the Senate skiff before and they
encountered some of the Senate staff but
I don't know that person by name so I
really couldn't tell you whether I've
met him yeah and and just for people who
don't know how this works that's a very
common situation between House and
Senate there's there's very little
interaction between the committee's and
certainly even less interaction between
the Senate committee staff and members
of the House committee Carson Schiff
there are there are other developments
on your committee you released today
publicly released a letter that you sent
to Devan noonas a couple of weeks ago
asking actually for something like this
asking that the committee assist in or
refer to the Justice Department for
possible investigation for perjury
witnesses who appeared before your
committee so that was your request to
Devin Nunez to try to get the Justice
Department to take a look at some of the
testimony that's occurred in your
committee could you tell us why you
released that letter publicly today well
for a couple reasons
initially when we began the
investigation we decided that the
interview should largely be conducted in
closed session so that witnesses
wouldn't be able to align their stories
in an effort to get their alibis
together
because of the intense public interest
we also recognize that eventually this
testimony needed to be made public so we
committed that when the investigation
was over we would make the transcripts
public well the Republicans announced a
month and a half ago that as far as they
were concerned the investigation was
over and so we said okay well then in
that case let's release the transcripts
now the Republicans reneged on their
commitment and I think they did so for a
couple reasons for one thing the
transcripts showed just how often the
Republican majority acted as defense
lawyers for the president rather than
true investigators how often the
witnesses were evasive with us as well
as some of the evidence we found on the
issues of collusion and obstruction of
justice
but having reneged on that it's now
important that at least these
transcripts be given to the special
counsel he would have had access if
they've been made public but since they
weren't and because we have good faith
reason to believe that witnesses may
have committed perjury they really need
to be provided the special counsel and
the is it possible now for the special
counsel to simply subpoena these now
that the special counsel reading about
your letter obviously knows about it
well if they subpoenaed it if they were
forced to compel the house to provide
information then you would essentially
have a fight between two branches of
government not unlike the fight that the
GOP is trying to provoke with the
Justice Department right now I wouldn't
recommend that I don't see why the
majority would resist providing these
materials to the special counsel unless
they want to protect some of the close
associates of the president from
prosecution that would be obviously an
illegitimate reason to do it but it's
hard I think for them to articulate why
they would object to this this is one of
the reasons why we've made it public
they have not responded to our requests
they're showing no signs of being
willing to assist the special counsel so
they should have to explain publicly why
they're protecting people who may have
committed perjury I want to get a
reaction to speaker Ryan saying just the
other day that at when the president was
talking about pardoning himself that no
one is above the law speaker Ryan didn't
even take a position on whether the
and could pardon himself but he did say
that phrase no one is above the law and
that brought out some very sharp
criticism from the real hardcore Trump
followers in the House of
Representatives well you know this has
been the pattern during the entire Trump
administration and that is the speaker's
been asked to defend our institutions to
defend the rule of law he was asked for
example when the president threatened to
pull NBC's licence because he didn't
like its coverage what he thought of
that and continually the speaker was
unwilling to defend our system of checks
and balances deep disappointment I think
to all Americans who expected more from
this speaker so I'm not surprised that
he would avoid the question of whether
president can pardon himself and the sad
thing is to the degree that the
leadership in the House and Senate like
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan are
unwilling to confront the president the
president reads this as a green light a
lot of what the president does is a
trial balloon the announcement of these
pardons and potential pardons the claim
he can pardon himself the claim that he
can obstruct justice and nobody can
indict him and nobody can impeach him
all of this stuff they are trial
balloons for the president to press
further to come down harder on Bob
Muller to potentially fire him and sadly
we get no pushback from the GOP majority
congressman Adam Schiff thank you very
much for joining us tonight really
appreciate it
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
