me now is Republican senator Joni Ernst
of Iowa who earlier this week said
Pruitt is quote about a swampy as you
get okay
senator welcome back to the show thanks
Chuck
let me ask you this what bothers you
more right now the policies that are
coming out of EPA involving ethanol or
his personal conduct and the judgment
he's using for the decisions he's made
while in office that have nothing to do
for instance with his policy decisions
well Chuck you gave me an impossible
decision right there because they're
both pretty terrible the policy that's
being pushed out of EPA by administrator
Pruitt is obviously very harmful for the
Renewable Fuels standard it is harmful
to American farmers and of course
President Trump has made it clear he is
going to support the American farmer and
then the then the other point is that he
is really abusing his position of power
and that is truly what I said it's about
a swampy as you get and so I am
disappointed Americans Iowans
sent me into Washington DC to make them
squeal and that means protecting their
precious dollars and I don't think the
American taxpayer is very happy with
Scott Pruett right now you've not said
he should resign why not
or do you argue there now I have not
said here it should resign and I do
think that there have been a number of
good moves by the EPA in my opinion one
example is the waters of the United
States stepping back from that taking
another look at it I think that is a
good thing but on the other side I think
the president needs to have a really
tough discussion with Administrator
Scott Pruitt and say you need to get
yourself in line or you're going to go
I'm not the president I can't make that
decision but I certainly don't like the
way administer Pruett has been treating
his position of authority
look I don't mean to harp on this but
let's see
he created raises for aids that weren't
really available the $50 a night deal
from a lobbyist forty three thousand
dollars for an office booth the misuse
of planes the security detail I could
keep going on and on and I bring it up
because Tom price at HHS was fired for a
lot less
so what message is the president sending
that Tom price is fired for doing if I
go through the litany of things one of
the errors in judgment of your personal
conduct as compared to Pruitt where we
have a dozen well and I completely
understand that and so I have not called
on anyone to step down from from their
position and again I think it's up to
the president to do that in my case to
the president is that this administrator
is undermining you and your commitment
to American farmers he is undermining
the commitments and campaign promises
that were made as the president was
running for elected office I think a lot
of these are egregious missteps on
behalf of the administrator and I
certainly continue to point those things
out to the president all right let me
move to you've brought up farmers a lot
and I'm guessing a lot of your farmers
in Iowa not happy with these tariffs
that are out there the new tariffs that
Mexico just put on pork some estimates
of three hundred and sixty million
dollars in lost revenue for just us pork
farmers obviously a big hit to Iowa's
economy you have not said you would
support the bob corker bill that would
try to restrain the president from this
how are you going to push back on the
President on this well we did have a
great discussion about trade at the
White House and a number of senators
were present and I think the President
does need leverage and I would like to
see him exercise that leverage to get
the best deal possible now we've known
in the short term that some of the
these actions with the the trade and
tariffs not very helpful to farmers not
helpful to those that are in
manufacturing in the short term but in
the long term if we can get a good solid
deal with Mexico if we can get a good
solid deal with Canada move on to the EU
and of course at some point we have to
address China as well then hopefully our
markets will regain and will hold steady
in the future it has been tough and I
think that that's why with the trade and
the tariffs the president was really
concerned about hurting farmers further
with that RFS proposal that
administrator Pruitt had so I do believe
the president's going to do the right
thing it's going to take a while well
let me ask you this this is an election
year if if somebody goes around the
state of Iowa and we have these tariffs
in the fall and you have these tariffs
in place still you don't get what you
want out of the EPA can you legitimately
say that that Donald Trump's been good
for Iowa farmers well I think it will be
really tough and that's a message that
we will have to communicate to our
voters and hope that not only are they
looking at the short term but they are
looking at the long term and so my
message has always been to the president
that if you are putting trading tariffs
out there then you have to come up with
a means of opening up other markets for
our farmers and ranchers he needs to do
that right away an ambassador light
hyzer when I questioned him after the
meeting yesterday he said they are
working on additional markets for our
agricultural products it's important
that we do that because if we are
temporarily closing down some of these
really important markets we need to see
other doors open you're trying to sound
optimistic you're trying to put the best
face on this I'll be honest with you it
doesn't sound like in the trade front
they're all that interested in pulling
back right now well and I am an eternal
optimist do you know that about me Chuck
so I do hope that we see this through
and that we do come out with a good deal
I know Canada is really dragging their
feet
on NAFTA right now and and I think the
Mexicans are just about ready to cut a
deal or I hope that they are ready to
cut a deal so if that means that we need
to move forward with Mexico and and
maybe work something out with Canada
later on Mexico is very important to
Iowa a lot of our products go there a
lot of our equipment is there so you
know we'll we'll find a way forward and
we'll keep pressing the President on
this the tariffs and trade situation is
very tense right now and hopefully we do
see a solid outcome very quickly you're
the senior senator in Iowa Chuck
Grassley was asked about whether he
thought the President had the power to
pardon himself and he said if I were
president the United States and I had a
lawyer that told me I could pardon
myself I think I'd hire a new lawyer
I'm curious do you believe the president
has those powers I am going to stand by
what my senior senator said I had a
feeling you might do that anyway senator
Ernst I'll go ahead and leave it there
Republican from Iowa thanks for coming
on thanks Chuck hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning in the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
