all right joining us now from Capitol
Hill member of the Foreign Relations
Committee Republican senator Cory
Gardner of Colorado and member of the
Democratic leadership senator Elizabeth
Warren of Massachusetts it's great to
have you both you both on both sides of
the aisle are teaming up on legislation
let's start there what are you getting
done well what we're working on is a
bill that will let States make their own
decisions about dealing with marijuana
when state voters have stepped in when
state legislatures have set up rules we
think that's a place for the federal
government to recede and let the states
take believe I and Cory I'll let you
chime in on this what are some of the
stumbling blocks here because this is a
really one of the big bigger medical
issues of our time it certainly is the
school of thought where this is
incredibly useful and helpful and but
needs to be what controlled or done
through a doctor how does it work well
this is one of the biggest opportunities
to address in advance of federalism
policy this country has seen when it
comes to the medical use of marijuana
and I've talked to dozens upon dozens of
parents whose children are suffering
from some form of epilepsy who have been
able to receive treatment through
medical marijuana and they've actually
seen thousands of seizures a month that
dropped to a dozen of seizures a month
and so this is an advancement that
states have decided to take into their
own hands about 46 states right now have
some form of the marijuana legalization
moving forward on the medical side on
the recreational side CBD hemp those
kinds of things this is not a
legalization bill but it is a state's
bill that says you can decide for
yourselves what you would like to do you
can choose your own destiny it's what
our founders intended laboratories of
democracy and the problem we've got
right now is that the states can passed
our laws the way Colorado and now
she's has but the federal government
hasn't changed its law so that means
that anyone who's using marijuana
legally under state law is still at risk
under federal law and then that creates
all these crazy fallout pieces for
example there are federal laws about not
being able to put your money into banks
if the money comes from illegal
activities well so long as the sale of
marijuana remains illegal at the federal
level right that means that marijuana
stores that are perfectly legal in
Colorado are in Massachusetts or in any
of the other states have to do an
all-cash business now it's dangerous and
it's dumb and this bill will fix that
says if the state says it's legal it's
legal within this state so question for
you both senators this is willie Geist
I'll start with you senator Gardner do
you believe and do you agree with the
decisions in your own States that
recreational marijuana should be legal
across the board it's a great question I
opposed the legalization of marijuana
but the people of Colorado spoke and I
think if they spoke again they would
agree with an even larger margin to
legalize marijuana and this isn't going
back I spoke to President Trump about
this and he agrees this isn't going back
and so this is about providing States
the opportunity to protect those states
rights that federalism was something
that our founders intended this is a
great chance for us to do this this is
an intrastate solution it fixes that
conflict that Senator Warren described
with federal and state law and it does
so in a way that allows states
individually to determine for themselves
what's best if you're a state to like
Nebraska Kansas or Oklahoma that doesn't
want to go down this road you certainly
don't have to and nothing changes
senator Warren yeah I think that's
exactly the right way to describe what's
happening I supported legalization of
marijuana in Massachusetts
we're just on the threshold of building
that business we'd already had marijuana
for medical reasons and we
decriminalized I think decriminalization
it's a really awkward place for us to be
and now we've gone to legalization for
recreational purposes as well but I had
a conversation just a couple of weeks
ago with our governor in Massachusetts
who said if you don't fix this problem
he said worries trying to work out how
many Brinks trucks are going to be
trying to move Springfield and other
cities around the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts
he said come on if the businesses are
legal within the state let them get into
the banking system let's regularize it
and we're talking like two billion
dollars in Colorado last year nearly two
billion dollars so it's not just a
little bit of pocket change this is a
lot of money that is now out of the
system in the shadows it's trying to
bring it out of the shadows and into the
system
senator Garner's Sam Stein The Daily
Beast I you stood up to Attorney General
Jeff sessions on the marijuana issue
basically saying you're not going to get
anyone appointed to the Department of
Justice unless you rescind this memo I'm
wondering if you will stand up to him on
a separate issue the issue of separating
children from their parents who come
here from other countries at the border
the the administration says they're
hampered by laws passed by Democrats I
am unaware of the law there were they're
citing and more importantly they have
talked about the separation of children
from others as a deterrent for
immigration do you think the
administration should stop doing this do
you think they should keep families
together and if so what are you willing
to do about that anything similar in the
vein of what you did with respect to the
Attorney General's decision okay thank
you senator Warren and I are here this
morning to talk about a policy where
Democrats and Republicans have come
together for a solution on a significant
challenge what you've described is also
a significant challenge I hope Democrats
and Republicans come together on I was
the only Republican to support all four
measures that came up before the Senate
in February the immigration debate that
we had we have to have a solution what
you're talking about I think shows and
highlights the the disaster we have
right now the conflicts in our
immigration laws and why we need to have
something that's bipartisan that
addresses the future of immigration in
this country and so I look forward to
working with the administration with
anybody on either side of
eyal who's willing to have a solution
but what you've highlighted it's just
one more reason why we can't just sit
back and let this broken system continue
to collapse I'm gonna take the and by
the way the legislation you all are
working on are really I'm glad you're
doing this
I summon who was suffering deeply and
marijuana was extremely helpful in a
controlled situation but it's difficult
Elizabeth Warren I'd like to talk to you
about something rudy guiliani said and
it just pertains to the issue of women
and I'm gonna play for you this
soundbite I'm curious what your response
is and what your reaction is to the tone
of it take a listen she believes in her
husband she knows it's not true I don't
even think there's a slight suspicion
that it's true when you stood with it
when you look at stormy Daniels
I'm sorry I don't respect a pornstar the
way I respect a career woman or a woman
of substance her body for sexual
exploitation
let me cross-examine you Elizabeth
Warren as a woman of substance I wonder
what your initial reaction was to that
am I alone because it made my blood boil
on so many levels
this just infuriates me and this whole
notion that Rudy Giuliani thinks that
the way he is going to protect the
President of the United States is try to
demean and degrade a woman who has
brought what appears to be a pretty
credible charge against the president
and it's every aspect of what he had to
say it's the source he throws it stormy
Daniels but somehow suggests that well
because Donald Trump has good-looking
lives that that means that he wouldn't
be a serial abuser of women every part
of that is wrong it is wrong and it is
an insult to every woman in this country
thank you Joe senator Gardner Cory we we
this morning have found ourselves
thanking God for small favors
thanking our political gods for small
favors and I for one was heartened that
Paul Ryan said yesterday no man is above
the law I was heartened yesterday that
there was a Republican standing up for
the FBI
we Cory have been the party that has
stood up for law enforcement for the
Intel community until Donald Trump came
into office I'm wondering if you would
associate yourself with those remarks
that no man is above the law the
President as the Justice Department said
to Richard Nixon just as no man can be
his own judge and jury no man can pardon
himself you agree well no I mean this is
a country established on the rule of law
it's the rule of law that's made this
country strong justice is blind as the
saying goes no one man or woman is above
the law but what I've said all along
about this particular situation let's
get the American people the facts let's
get the information let's complete the
investigation and at the end of the day
the American people will have all of the
information and facts they need to make
a determination of what did happen or
what didn't happen the last thing that I
think we should be doing this very
serious issue we had it we had
interference in 2016 by foreign actor
that was trying to undermine the United
States we need to have the information
as soon as possible we've gotten another
election coming up in just a matter of
months in November let's find out what
happened let's get the truth let's get
the facts and as the old saying goes
truth without so let's make sure we can
we get the information all right senator
yeah let me just say really quickly
senator Warren I have noticed while
we've been concerned with a lot of
statements that Republicans have made
out of the House of Representatives
it seems your colleagues in the Senate
for the most part Republicans have stood
shoulder to shoulder in support of the
rule of law and most from what I've
heard at least have said let the
investigation play itself out and let
the facts fall where they may
is that is that what you've seen from
your colleagues like chairman burr and
others as best I have seen it it has
been true on both sides of the aisle in
the Senate to say that the special
counselor robert muller should be able
to complete his investigation wherever
it goes without interference from
republicans or democrats no political
interference
yeah let him finish this investigation
and let him bring it to the American
people we know this is a serious
investigation it has already resulted in
19 indictments or guilty pleas we want
to let him conclude that investigation
take that information to the American
public and then we'll assess where we
stand
all right senators been warned and Cory
Gardner I know you have to go thank you
both very very much for being on this
morning and we have another senator
joining us this morning
Senator Claire McCaskill will be our
guest ahead on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
