joining us now is Michael avenatti the
attorney for stormy jangles and Michael
thank you very much for joining us
tonight I want to begin with that last
part of the text sequence in which
Michael Cohen says that he is with
FLOTUS he's with FLOTUS on that day in
early March you believe you know what
they would have been talking about on on
that day what do you think that is well
Lawrence thanks for having me tonight
here's what we know we know that the
first lady landed at Palm Beach Airport
in Florida around 3:00 3:10 p.m. that
day the plane was actually early based
on the schedule if you look at the time
of that text message it shows
approximately 4:15 that afternoon a
prior report in the New York Times
stated that in fact Michael Cohen spoke
with the first lady during that trip to
Palm Beach Lawrence we think that it is
fairly clear at this point that what
happened here was that mr. Davidson
tipped off Michael Cohen to me coming
into the case it's important to know
Lawrence that at this point I had not
surfaced with mr. Davidson directly I
had not contacted him to alert him that
I was coming into the case and I
certainly had not contacted Michael
Cohen mr. Davidson learned that through
alternative means
he tipped Michael Cohen off earlier that
week which caused Michael Cohen to run
into arbitration to try to get a order
against my client preventing her from
speaking and then he followed that up
with telling mr. Cohen that we were
going to be filing our complaint so it's
pretty clear what happened Michael Cohen
wanted to try to get out in front of
this with the first lady we don't know
exactly what he told her but they were
clearly talking about my client during
that weekend as confirmed by the New
York Times previously this whole thing
Lawrence stinks it shows the efforts
that Michael Cohen would go to to
corrupt my clients prior attorney and it
also shows that Michael Cohen and the
presidents prior denials for in January
February March and April relating to
Michael
it were absolute lies now I want to go
to the the thanks pal and the these
indicators of cooperative relationship
between them I have seen lawyers say
that kind of thing to each other many
many times being on opposing sides of
cases in which during the trial day I
have watched them try to destroy each
other
there was absolutely no question that
each side was strenuously representing
in every way they possibly could the
interests of their side and so actual
friendliness when the bell goes off and
they go back to their corners is a
perfectly normal thing within the
practice of law so you you are
suggesting that there's something going
on here that that's much more important
than just hearing them say thanks pal to
each other you're absolutely right
Lawrence this isn't just about a single
text message you have to look at the
global facts if you will you have to
look at all of these text message
messages you have to look at the
relationship that these two lawyers had
not just as it related to my client but
also miss mcdougal the the alleged
broidy settlement is occurring around
this same time these two lawyers were
entirely too close this was not arm's
length by any stretch of the imagination
and my clients attorney mr. Davidson
should not have been having any contact
with Michael Cohen in January of this
year and most certainly should not have
been having any contact with Michael
Cohen in late February or early March of
this year there was no reason for him to
be reaching out to Michael Cohen in late
February there was no reason for him to
be getting on the phone with Michael
Cohen and Larry Rosen mr. Rosen was at
one point going to be an attorney that
came in to represent Michael Cohen my
client didn't know anything about this
conduct in late February or early March
and let me tell you what's even more
disturbing Lawrence here's what's even
more disturbing we have had to fight
tooth and nail to get this information
disclosed despite the fact that my
client is entitled to it I've had to ask
five six seven
times four all of the documents that mr.
Davidson had and I still don't have
everything we still don't have
everything that we're entitled to mr.
Davidson outright refuses to give us the
text messages and the other information
after March 2nd okay so just to be clear
the reason you have the text messages
that we can read tonight is because
Davidson has handed over to you the
store McDaniels file up to a certain
point in time which does include these
text messages he gave you these text
messages
laurens he gave us those types of text
messages after months of demanding them
and after serious threats by us if he
didn't give them to us there was going
to be serious consequences he was
supposed to give us everything he then
only gave us the text messages up until
March 2nd he refuses to give us an
explanation as to why that is we know
for a fact that there were additional
text messages after March 2nd and he
refuses to provide them without
explanation and the reason Lawrence is
clear and that is that if you think
these text messages are bad those text
messages I can assure you are ugly well
we're going to eventually get them and
when we get them it is our intention to
publicize them so people can see exactly
what happened here so Keith Davidson put
out a statement today saying that he
believes he's outsmarted you on this
lawsuit he welcomes the lawsuit because
he says this he believes that this
filing constitutes a full and complete
waiver of the attorney-client privilege
his spokesperson said attorney Davidson
believes that the American people
deserve to know the entire truth and
they soon will the lawsuit has made that
happen
so Michael avenatti Keith Davidson is
saying this was a legal mistake on your
part because he is now free of his
attorney-client privileged communication
relationship with stormy Daniels well
anytime that Keith Davidson wants to
debate the law with me Laurence I'd be
happy to he's just wrong yet again I
mean this is a guy that thinks that he
can be disloyal to his client and worked
behind her back he's just wrong on the
privilege issue that's not the waiver
issue here in California that's not what
the law is we sent a three-page letter
after we saw that ridiculous statement
educating Keith Davidson and
Council they're just flat-out wrong and
if they continue to release my clients
privileged information they're gonna
make things even more difficult you know
Lawrence this goes hand-in-hand with
this issue about the tapes that Michael
Cohen has where a tape recorded
attorney-client privileged information
that he was receiving from mr. Davidson
this lawsuits going to provide us an
avenue to get to those tapes sooner
rather than later
I want to get you reaction a couple of
things Rudy Giuliani said today he was
speaking in Israel at a paid speaking
engagement in Israel one thing he said
about Melania Trump was quote she
believes her husband and she knows it's
untrue meaning the storming Daniels
story now Donald Trump has never
publicly said that he did not have sex
with stormy Daniels so what is Rudy
Giuliani talking about there it's an
interesting question
Lawrence you know I wonder if when
Michael Cohen met with the first lady in
March I wonder if he bothered to tell
her that he had been working to put my
client on Hannity some six weeks earlier
I doubt it I wonder if he provided all
of the facts to her I doubt it
I find it very hard to believe that the
first lady has all of the facts and I
actually think that if someone on her
staff or even her if she reads these
text messages she's probably been quite
a bit educated today as it relates to
what happened what was stormy Daniels
reaction to when she heard that Michael
Cohen had her book done Sean Hannity
show well she doesn't have any
recollection of anybody contacting her
about going on Sean Hannity's show so
that this game is a surprise to her but
I will tell you she is incredibly upset
as any client would be to read these
text messages and see the conduct of her
lawyer and the conduct of Michael Cohen
how long have you been in possession
with of these text messages that you
released today I've been in possession
those text messages approximately two
and a half weeks Lawrence I should have
had them three months ago Mike 11 Adi
thank you very much for joining us
tonight really appreciate you thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
