a lot of interesting news has been
breaking over the course of the day
today a lot of gobsmacking stuff the the
most gobsmacking news and american
politics today though I think actually
happened five time zones away in the UK
in the UK today we finally got settled
one of the core questions at the heart
of the big existential national security
for an influence scandal that looms over
everything else in this presidency
everybody on what I like to think of as
earth one the the entire US intelligence
community the bipartisan membership of
the Senate Intelligence Committee even
occasionally the Trump administration
itself everybody on earth one admits now
that Russia Russian government Russian
military Russian intelligence interfered
in the u.s. presidential election in
2016 to try to help Donald Trump win
that election to put a finer point on it
we got that indictment in February filed
against 13 Russian individuals and three
Russian corporate entities indictment
filed in federal court in Washington
that spelled out the findings of Robert
Moeller's office the special counsels
office on how exactly Russia conducted
that operation at least the part where
they conducted their own influence
operation from outside the United States
targeting the American public to try to
skew US public opinion in ways that
would benefit Trump during the election
we've got that spelled out in that
indictment what we don't have any
definitive public findings on this far
is the question of whether or not the
Russian government also found ways to
directly assist the Trump campaign as an
entity rather than just targeting US
public opinion I mean we do have
evidence about that but we don't have
definitive public findings of the kind
you might see in an indictment we do
know though that there were lots of
contacts between the Trump campaign the
Trump Organization and the Trump family
with Russians while Trump was running
for president
we know those contacts were kept secret
at the time we know those contacts were
frequently the subject of lies and
misrepresentations once they were
discovered was the Trump campaign in on
this
Russian influence operation to try to
reflect affect the campaign I mean well
we know they were notified of Russia's
efforts to help Trump win the election
that was part of setting up that Trump
Tower meeting in the summer of 2016 this
is part of the Russian government's
efforts to help the Trump campaign right
did the Trump campaign become a knowing
participant in that Russian influence
operation to change the outcome of our
election did it become a joint operation
between Russia and the Trump campaign
well there are some blunt connections
right Russia of course we now know stole
documents from the Democratic Party and
the Clinton campaign they then organized
and distributed those documents back
into the United States in ways that were
designed to inflict maximum damage on
Hillary Clinton's campaign even after
widespread public reporting and
discussion about the fact that that
hacking operation had been conducted by
the Russians candidate Trump himself
openly encouraged people to seek out
those documents he encouraged Russia to
steal and leak more of those documents
than late last year we learned about
another operational link between that
Russian influence effort and the Trump
campaign and it was reported that
Cambridge analytic this data firm
founded by Trump's biggest donor Robert
Mercer headed up by his campaign chief
Steve Benin this data firm that the
Trump campaign paid millions of dollars
to late last year we learned that that
firm had reached out to one of the
entities that was distributing the
stolen Russian documents Cambridge
analytic I offered their services
offered their help to help index and
publicize these stolen materials and
that kind of just sounds like details
right sounds just like oh one more step
down this long path we've been walking
since Trump was elected but as we've
been trying to figure out what exactly
happened there in that election and and
what exactly Russia did it just sounds
like one more detail but step back from
it for a second I mean what that means
when we found out that the Cambridge
analytical reached out to WikiLeaks and
said hey can we help what that means is
we've got a Russian intelligence
operation underway to illegally
influence the u.s. election in trumps
favor
and we've got the data firm paid by the
Trump campaign offering operational help
to that effort so that that was a that
was a big deal when we got that
revelation last year that Cambridge
analytic ah offered to help
WikiLeaks index and distribute the
stolen Russian documents that's a big
deal that shows somebody working for the
Trump campaign trying to help the
Russians in their influence operation
well today The Guardian newspaper in
Britain reports that those contacts were
more extensive and went on for longer
than previously known
The Guardian reporting today that a
senior executive at Cambridge analytic I
met with Julian Assange from WikiLeaks
which is the entity that distributed the
the documents that Russia had stolen she
met with him in February of last year at
the Embassy in London where he's been
holed up trying to fight extradition and
The Guardian reports that in addition to
that meeting she's told numerous people
that she also served ich ously arranged
payments to WikiLeaks she arranged
cryptocurrency payments to WikiLeaks in
addition to this newly reported meeting
at which she says they discussed the
u.s. election so again it's easy to just
sort of you know see that see to see the
trees instead of the forest here right
it's easy to sort of follow each little
detail new report that's from each day
but step back for a second Russian
intelligence steals democratic documents
gives them to WikiLeaks to distribute in
ways that will inflict the most damage
on Hillary Clinton's campaign the data
firm working for the Trump campaign
offers to help with that effort and then
holds at least one in-person meeting
with WikiLeaks and then secretly funnels
them money what is the definition of
collusion anyway anyway that was this
morning in the The Guardian newspaper
then this afternoon in a parliamentary
hearing room we just got another big new
piece of what the Trump campaign did
earlier this year in March you might
remember there was a whole flurry of
revelations about this Trump campaign
data from Cambridge analytic Ã¡their was
an undercover sting set up by channel 4
in Britain
in which top executives from Cambridge
analytic were caught on tape saying all
sorts of incriminating things we also
got the dramatic emergence of a
whistleblower who had previously been
the research director for that firm he
appears to have taken a whole bunch of
documents from the firm with him when he
left and in March he started talking to
the press and sharing documents with the
press about what exactly that firm did
how it was built and how it ran its
business the revelation from him that
caused the biggest waves in this country
and around the world including at least
temporarily
knocking tens of billions of dollars off
the valuation of Facebook was when he
spelled out how this data firm Cambridge
analytic I obtained personal information
detailed personal private information on
tens of millions of Americans without
their permission the data on which that
firms work was based it turns out and
basically been stolen off of Facebook
according to the former research
director for Cambridge analytical what
the firm was based on was very very
detailed Facebook data from 87 million
Americans that was all stolen without
their consent it was stolen by means of
a program that was invented and deployed
for the purpose of stealing people's
data that program was created for that
purpose by an academic by a professor
who has a joint appointment at a British
university and also at a Russian
University he is a professor who has
received Russian government grants for
his work so this data firm that the
Trump campaign paid millions of dollars
to for the 2016 election which their
biggest donor Robert Mercer was involved
in setting up which Steve Bannon was
involved in running their sales pitch
overall is that they can micro target
very very specific political messages to
you based on incredibly detailed
information they've got about you as an
individual that's based on basically
everything you've ever done online
anything you've said you've liked
anything you've bought anything you've
clicked on anything you've said online
your whole online history they can get
an incredibly nuanced detailed profile
of you as an individual your personality
and what would affect you if it was
specifically targeted to you as a
political message at a specific time to
get you to do a specific thing that's
been their pitch well in March this
whistleblower from that firm claimed
that the way Cambridge analytic 'got all
that data on 90 million Americans was by
stealing stealing it using a vehicle
created for that purpose created to
steal that data a vehicle created for
Cambridge analytic by this professor who
is partly funded by the Russian
government the head of Cambridge
analytic I testified before the British
Parliament earlier this year and he
denied over and over again
what this whistleblower had said he
denied this firm had ever received that
data denied his firm had ever used that
kind of data for their work today in a
parliamentary hearing room in Britain he
admitted actually he'd been mistaken in
his earlier testimony and actually yeah
that was the data that they used the
Chairman asked you they're not supplied
you with data information your answer
game was no I'm the chair then asked
again your data sets not based with
information you've received from them
again you said no the chair at all and
your final response was was at all so
since then we've had some rather
conflicting evidence from dr. Kogan
himself from Christopher Wiley about
what data was supplied and used indeed
mr. Wiley described that data obtained
via the the Kogan app from Facebook
because the foundation data set of the
company and which may have may have
collected data on up to 87 million users
and also clearly there's been action by
by Facebook
following these revelations or
allegations
you ought to clarify or amend now the
evidence that you gave in February with
respect to data supplied by GSR and dr.
Cogan
thank you I'm grateful for that
opportunity look clearly I accept that
some of my answers could have been
clearer but I assure you that I did not
intend to mislead you of course the
answer to this question should have been
yes there was certainly no intention to
mislead the committee that was my
understanding and it was a genuine
misunderstanding that's the head of the
data firm that the Trump campaign used
in the 2016 elections now admitting what
he had previously denied about where
they got their data that they used for
their political operations including
their most famous victory and there's a
lot of drama in this story right around
this firm and these characters in their
own right Cambridge analytic as a firm
has now technically been shut down the
Financial Times reported on its front
page this morning that as soon as
reporters started asking around earlier
this year about this data story about
them building their firm based on all
this stolen data that guy who you just
saw testifying there the CEO of
Cambridge analytic according to the
Financial Times immediately withdrew
eight million dollars from the company
so Alexander Nix the CEO is now under
considerable pressure on that front in
part from investors who were helping the
company essentially shut down as
Cambridge analytic assaut it could
reopen as some new rebranded entity they
appear to be a little bit miffed that
eight million dollars they thought was
in the company's coffers have instead
been taken home in Alexander Nyx's
pockets that led to some exceedingly
awkward questions for mr. Nix today
about the money did you take the also
question is that I'm not answering your
question can you use that in any
circumstance so this guy from Cambridge
analytic has under considerable pressure
FBI special counsels office is
reportedly investigating Cambridge
analytic as part of this fundamental
investigation into ties between the
Trump campaign and that Russian
influence operation in the UK that firm
is subject to significant legal
inquiries now
and also a big parliamentary
investigation which is part of what we
saw today in that hearing that's being
driven in considerable part by concerns
over whether Cambridge analytic I might
have somehow illegally skewed the brig's
it vote on whether or not Britain would
leave the European Union but for all but
all the local drama around this firm and
all the sort of lurid and elaborate
trouble they've gotten themselves into
since their role in the Trump election
campaign
I mean don't lose sight of the
importance of this admission today that
we just got in this hearing in
Parliament in Britain I mean we in this
country are dealing with this
existential question as to you know with
everything else going on in the Trump
administration everything else going on
in the world we are still every day
dealing with this question of whether or
not our president was chosen not just
because of a foreign intelligence
operation we're grappling with this
existential question as to whether his
campaign was part of that foreign
intelligence operation and now there is
this admission today that in fact the
Trump campaigns date affirmed in the
election run by his top donor Robert
Mercer led by his campaign chief Steve
Bennett that data firm was a foreign
firm using foreign workers
micro-targeting US voters in swing
states right up through election day
using an incredibly potent personalized
detailed data set that was stolen for
them by a Russian researcher paid for by
the Russian government and I and I know
that sounds like international news that
sounds like something about other
countries but but that's the problem
right because it's not supposed to be
international news when you tell the
story of how you got the current
American president stay with us tonight
lots to come hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
