a new lawsuit from pornstar stormy
Daniels alleges that her former attorney
keep Davidson the one who negotiated her
hundred and thirty thousand dollar hush
money payment was a quote puppet for
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen the court
filing includes alleged text messages
apparently between Cohen and Davidson in
January the day in Touch magazine
resurrected an interview
stormy had done years before about Trump
that was not published at the time the
messages allegedly show the two lawyers
coordinating a media strategy for stormy
Cohen texts Davidson a quote I have
stormy tentatively scheduled for Hannity
tonight call me after your trial then
later that day quote the wise men all
believe the story is dying and don't
think it's smart for her to do any
interviews let her do her thing but no
interviews at all with anyone
Davidson allegedly replies 100% Michael
avenatti stormy Daniels attorney joins
us again nice to see you tell us first
of all for the non-lawyer how is it
unethical is it illegal is it highly
controversial tell us the degree of sin
it is for stormy Daniels attorney to
have been colluding with Donald Trump's
fixer well it is one of the largest sins
that you can engage in as an attorney
Nicole Keith Davidson had a duty of
loyalty at all times to stormy Daniels
relating to any issues concerning her
relationship with Donald Trump and that
duty of loyalty is absolute and it is to
be respected at all times even after you
were terminated as counsel these text
messages are very very disturbing and
they show that Keith Davidson instead of
representing stormy Daniels was more
interested in colluding with his quote
Powell close quote as one of the text
messages notes Michael Cohen and was
more interested in assisting Michael
Cohen and Donald Trump in basically
lying to the American people about what
had happened here these text messages
are explosive and what's even more
disturbing Nicole is we still don't have
all of them because Keith Davidson
refuses to give us what we're entitled
to so
help me understand how stormy Daniels
attorney ended up being a member of the
president's fixer team that's a very
good question to Cole and it's a
question that we want an answer to but
this is not proper conduct for an
attorney who is supposed to be adverse
to the other side I mean Keith Davidson
was supposed to be representing stormy
Daniels at all time he he was supposed
to be looking out for her interest and
only her interest he was not supposed to
be interested in helping out Michael
Cohen and Donald Trump and what's even
more disturbing from my perspective
Nicole is what happened in early March
of this year when he tipped off Michael
Cohen to the filing of our lawsuit which
allowed Michael Cohen to attempt to get
out in front of it with the first lady
so tell me there's a text in here about
the wise men the wise men and and their
views who were the wise men you you
think that includes Donald Trump what
evidence do you have that the wise men
includes the president well I'm not at
liberty to discuss that evidence but
there's no question that that reference
includes wise men but I want to be
really clear That's not me referring to
Donald Trump as a wise man that's that's
someone else referring to him as a wise
man I would never call him a wise man to
be clear let me let's dig in a little
bit to the actual text let me put
another one on so this is from Michael
Cohen to Davidson this is no good we
need her as by doing tomorrow you just
create another news cycle instead of
putting an end to this one this is
another character they wanted her to go
on Sean Hannity who's another Michael
Cohen client we learned after the raid
into Michael Cohen's home and offices
can you help me understand how stormy
Daniels ended up with an attorney that
was part of Donald Trump's cleanup crew
I'm really having a hard time
understanding how stormy Daniels ended
up with someone who was supposed to
represent her legal equities who is a
member of the president's legal and
cleaner-upper crew again Nicole we don't
know but we're gonna get to the bottom
of it Daniel's like how did you meet how
did you meet this guy like who I mean is
it possible that Michael Cohen
recommended a lawyer who was on Donald
Trump's team no I I can
I can assure you that did not happen
Michael Cohen did not refer to stormy
Daniels to Keith Davidson to be clear
that that did not happen but here's what
I will tell you Nicole if you look at
these text messages especially the
exchange relating to Sean Hannity show
you see an absolute desperation on
Michael Cohen's part to try to get my
client to go on Sean Hannity on the 17th
of January and if anybody believes that
Michael Cohen is putting or attempting
to put my client on Sean Hannity without
the president's knowledge I have a
bridge or perhaps other things to sell
them because that just didn't happen if
anybody thinks that Michael Cohen is
meeting with the first lady to talk
about storming Daniels without the
president's knowledge same answer I have
a bridge to sell them here's this is
clear it is clear from the text messages
that the prior denials by Michael Cohen
and the president and what the American
people have been told is a bunch of
nonsense are they lies oh I think
there's no question they're lies so
someone who is very familiar with the
Southern District of New York said that
one of the places these may have come
from where you may have obtained these
text messages could have been from the
Southern District are you in receipt of
information from the Southern District
are you getting things that were seized
in that raid no not from the Southern
District Nicole and these text message
messages did not come from the Southern
District these came because we've been
demanding from Keith Davidson that he
give us his entire file which my client
is entitled to and all of his
communications with Michael Cohen
relating to my client he has refused
still refuses we finally got these he
now refuses to give us anything after
March 2nd of this year that's one of the
reasons why we filed suit it's clear to
us that he's hiding additional
information and text messages between
him and Michael Cohen relating to my
client I'm highly confident that those
are going to be even more damaging as it
relates to his unethical conduct and the
complicit conduct of Michael Cohen and
that's one of the reasons why we filed
suit we want those text messages we're
entitled to them Mike
is entitled to know the depths at which
these two individuals went to prejudice
her and are you seeking Keith Davidson's
disbarment are you bringing criminal
what is the solution from your point of
view what is the appropriate punishment
and sanction for Keith Davidson
colluding with Michael Cohen there's no
question it raises very very serious
ethical issues that would relate to his
practice at law or his ability to
practice law we haven't made a
determination yet as to whether we're
going to file an ethics complaint or not
we filed this lawsuit for a number of
reasons and another reason Nicole is we
need all of this information and all of
these documents that we've been trying
to get for the better part of three
months now
because we're doing everything in our
power to cooperate with the Southern
District of New York and what that
requires is we need to look at all the
documents and we have to make
determinations as to the attorney-client
privilege and mr. Davidson is thwarting
and delaying those efforts by refusing
to give us what we're entitled to okay
so let me just for the sake of balance
let me add a spokesperson for Keith
Davidson's response to your lawsuit he
says this outrageously frivolous lawsuit
is yet another desperate attempt by
Michael avenatti to continue his
publicity tour as well as divert
attention from the recent allegations
against him relating to bankruptcy
proceedings in the failure to withhold
millions a federal employee Texas he
goes on to attack you personally but but
just on the substance of it you know
he's calling this part of your publicity
tour you've had a lot of legal victories
on behalf of your client stormy Daniels
but I want to give you a chance to
respond and I also want to ask you about
yesterday's ruling in the summer service
case the judge granted her the prospect
of deposing the president by January of
2019 a step you haven't yet reached do
you think that is is that your goal are
you near that place in your case I think
we're getting closer with each passing
week and with that with each passing bit
of information to call and let me say
this you know Keith Davidson his
response is part and parcel of what he's
all about this guy's an absolute
liar he's a disgrace and now he wants to
divert attention away from his clear
breaches of fiduciary duty and clear
unethical conduct by pointing to things
that have nothing to do with this case
by trying to attack me
he should be trying to explain his own
conduct and these text messages which
are very very damaging and let me get
you to weigh in on some reserve some of
the reporters who have covered a lot of
the president's accusers say that the
summer service case that while your case
gets a lot more headlines the summer
service case is the one that may
represent more legal danger to the
president because the judge did rule
that by January of 2019 a seven-hour
deposition of the President may be in
order well we may get an order
permitting a deposition of the president
before January if our motion in federal
court is successful of course that case
has stayed right now but we have a
pending motion to lift this day look I
can't judge as to which case is
potentially more damaging to the
president I'm not that familiar with the
servos case and I don't know what the
scope of discovery in that case is going
to be I think the scope of discovery in
our case is likely to be broader and is
likely to raise more serious issues
relating to campaign finance law and the
like as a result of the date of the
payment mr. Cohen's cover-up etc I love
to always ask you this question because
you've always got a good answer and I've
got a six-year-old who asked me a
hundred times a day what happens next
well we have a we have a hearing on the
21st of June in an effort to lift the
stay in the federal case I anticipate
they'll probably be some motion practice
in the case that we just filed relating
to the turnover of the documents in the
file we want that file immediately
because we want to do what we need to do
for this other district of New York
there's no excuse for mr. Davidson and
his attorneys to drag their feet and not
give us the file and not give us all of
these text messages we don't understand
why he refuses to do it other than they
must be really really bad hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
