and we have breaking news a new lawsuit
filed today by stormy Daniels claims her
former attorney betrayed her in the suit
Daniel's claims her former attorney
Keith Davidson colluded with Trump
attorney Michael Cohen to get her to
quote falsely deny she had an affair
with Donald Trump she alleges Davidson
became a puppet for Trump and Cohen
Cohen paid Daniels a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to keep quiet about
allegations that she had an affair with
the president which the president has
consistently denied NBC News
investigations reporter Tom winter is
following this story and let's bring in
Danny Cevallos as well as an MSNBC and
NBC News legal analyst Tom what do we
know about these allegations sure Katie
so the legal troubles for the
president's personal attorney Michael
Cohen keep getting worse because he's
named in this lawsuit as well as stormy
Daniels former attorney Keith Davidson
as you suggested before in the lawsuit
it says and I'll quote that the two of
them hatched a plan in quote colluded
that's Michael Cohen in Keith Davidson
to get stormy Daniels on Fox News and
falsely deny an affair with the
president President Donald Trump the
suit alleges that Trump was aware that
Cohen and Davidson were talking and they
were coordinating for the president's
gain the lawsuit says Mr Davidson quote
abdicated his role as an advocate and
fiduciary of his client miss Clifford
miss Clifford of course being Stephanie
Clifford which is stormy Daniels legal
name and instead elected to be a puppet
for mr. Cohen and mr. Trump in order to
advance their interests at the expense
of miss Clifford
now the lawsuit attached to the lawsuit
Katie are several pages of text messages
that Michael avenatti who filed the
lawsuit on behalf of stormy Daniel says
were exchanged between Cohen and
Davidson on January 17th of this year
you might remember Katie that that was
the same day that In Touch magazine
brought up an interview that they had
done with Stephanie Clifford about her
relationship with Donald Trump we can
show those text messages now one of the
first text message that we see on that
day says I have were tentatively
scheduled for Hannity tonight that's
Cohen allegedly texting Davidson
Davidson then responds to the suit she
cannot do that today she is flying to LA
tomorrow I'm trying to get her to commit
for the
over the next several hours the to go
back and forth they they message back
and forth and then at one point the suit
says Cohen complained that the delay was
quote no good he went on to say by doing
tomorrow you just create another news
cycle instead of putting an end to this
one this is Michael Cohen to Keith
Davidson store mediums former attorney
then later that evening there's another
text message from Cohen to Davidson he
says the wise men all believe the story
is dying and don't think it's smart for
her to do any interviews Davidson then
apparently replies a hundred percent
Cohen's response thanks pal
now according to the complaint the wise
men was a reference that included Trump
and alleges that Trump knew of the plan
to get her to appear on hannity show and
deny a prior sexual relationship with
Trump although the lawsuit includes no
documentation of that so we haven't seen
any evidence of that in addition to that
we have some other text messages that
were sent in early March of this year
Davidson telling Cohen that Clifford
planned to file a lawsuit against him
and the president Keith Davidson again
stormy Daniels former attorney said you
calling Michael Cohen allegedly replies
with FLOTUS give me a minute Katie as we
know FLOTUS is the First Lady of the
United States and that's a reference to
Melania Trump our reporting from that
time the reporting of my colleague Sarah
Fitzpatrick indicates that both Michael
Cohen and Melania Trump were at
mar-a-lago on that day the suit
speculates that Cohen was there to meet
with the first lady and prepare her for
news of the lawsuit but again we have no
substantiation of that contained in this
lawsuit we always have to know Katie
that this is a lawsuit that contains
allegations from one side certain parts
of this as I've suggested have not been
corroborated in the lawsuit in addition
to that we have reached out to
representatives for the president
himself Michael Cohen Keith Davidson as
well as representatives at Fox News and
for Sean Hannity to get their responses
to this lawsuit and of course Katie will
bring that to you and to everybody here
as soon as we get those responses in
Danny my response my first response my
first instinct is to say holy cow what
as a lawyer would you say
on the one hand it's not uncommon for
lawyers in an adversarial process to
talk to each other and have a dialogue
and talk about the client but let me
just say that not you cross the line
into revealing client competences or
breaching that duty of loyalty attorneys
owe to their clients a duty of
confidentiality and a duty of loyalty
and that is a line that can be quickly
crossed if you are aligning yourself
with the interests of the other party or
the other party's attorney in fact at
the minimum you could argue that these
texts show that Michael Cohen as one
side of the adversarial process is
dominating the attorney for stormy
Daniels and basically making him do
whatever Michael Cohen wants what you'd
like to see in an adversarial attorney
relationship here is a little more
pushback and that fierce and zealous
representation of the client at the core
hold on though hold on though this is
what what's sticking with me you have
Michael Cohen and Keith Davidson talking
about her doing Sean Hannity in order to
I guess we believe from this to deny an
affair with the president to go and
televisions and not to deny something
that she says actually happened she's
been out there saying that that she did
have an affair I'm a little unclear on
why her her attorney would coordinate
with the opposing attorney to have her
go on a primetime show aligned with the
president's to have her deny something
that she says happened so so Katie this
is Tom looking back at that at that time
period this was when there were
discussions going back and forth there
was you remember that there was a
statement that stormy Daniels said that
she didn't sign that said that she
didn't have an affair with the president
so there's all this dialogue going back
and forth at that time and according to
the text message of text messages excuse
me that have been presented in this
lawsuit there was a discussion about
storming Daniel's going on Sean Hannity
to deny that affair and remember there
were statements that that allegedly came
from stormy Daniels at that time that
she's denied ever sending or being a
part of that said that she didn't have
an affair with the president and now she
steadfastly says that in fact that
affair occurred and she's stated so on
on 60 minutes and another public
so at that time there was this kind of
back and forth as far as what would
stormy Daniel say what would she agree
to and apparently according to these
text messages there's a discussion about
whether or not she would go on Sean
Hannity's program the day the in touch
interview comes out Katie you'll
remember because we're on air together
several weeks ago when there was a
hearing in the Michael Cohen search
warrant case that's a criminal
investigation where Michael Cohen
admitted that Sean Hannity and just we
should put this out there that Sean
Hannity was in fact a client of Michael
Cohen so there's there's that angle and
dynamic here too how did Michael
avenatti get a hold of these text
messages Tom Katie I have absolutely no
idea that's information that has not
been shared with me as far as how he was
able to get get a hold of these messages
that are presented and attach to this
lawsuit he has a lot of information that
seems that others don't have a lot of
documentation for things he just seems
to pull out of his pocket Danny one last
question for you if it does end up
looking or being as as shady as this
looks what could that mean for one for
Keith Davidson and what could it mean
for Cohen professionally at least
lawyers are governed by the rules of
Professional Responsibility and there
may be some discipline attached to some
of this conduct if it crosses the line
into revealing client competences and
breaching that do that duty of loyalty
that we all have to all of our clients
so not only will Keith Davidson and
Michael Cohen have to fight this case in
court they may also be subject to
discipline by the bar in each state in
which they're admitted if this conduct
crosses the line again to remind our
viewers in case they're just tuning in
the middle of this this is breaking news
a new lawsuit filed today by stormy
Daniels and she is claiming her former
attorney Keith Davidson betrayed her in
the lawsuit she's saying that Davidson
colluded with Trump attorney Michael
Cohen
to get her to quote falsely deny that
she had an affair with Donald Trump she
alleges alleges Davidson became a puppet
her word for Donald Trump and for
Michael Cohen Cohen remember paid
Daniels 130 grand to keep quiet
about allegations that she had an affair
with the president which he has
consistently denied and we're talking
about here specifically our text
messages that Tom winter went through a
moment ago text messages between Michael
Cohen and between Keith Davidson trying
to coordinate an appearance for stormy
Daniels on Sean Hannity's show
presumably where she would deny having
an affair with the president this was
back from January we're gonna stay on
this story and bring you the updates as
we get them do stay with us for that but
Tom winter and Danny Cevallos in the
meantime thank you very much hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
