a few minutes after midnight on June 5th
1968 America faced the murder of yet
another Kennedy five shots the
journalist Pete Hansen who helped subdue
Robert Kennedy's assassin says the wound
America suffered that night as yet to
heal
it's a story of what might have been not
about what happened but what we lost
when it happened what did we lose hope
with us now the host of MSNBC's hardball
and the author of the book Bobby Kennedy
a raging spirit Chris Matthews also with
us Morning Joe senior producer John our
Bohr we call him jack he is the author
of course of the book the revolution of
Robert Kennedy from power to protest
after JFK and I wanted to read we read
Mike Barnicle it's wonderful column for
I want to read a little bit of what
Charles Pierce wrote in Esquire quote I
would like to think that Robert Kennedy
would have been able to stand against
the foul gales that were then rising I
refer to think that he would have
because I prefer to think of this
country as and this is beautiful
perpetually redeemable so many of our
wounds are self-inflicted and by in a
large through our history we've at least
made some good-faith effort to heal them
to atone to ourselves for having
inflicted them in the first place that
ultimately is what Robert Kennedy stood
for and alas what he died for is well
wisdom through the awful grace of God
and of course that lined the awful grace
of God Chris Matthews what Bobby spoke
of quoting Aeschylus his favorite poet
the Greek poet the night of Martin
Luther King's death just a few months
later he would be the one killed tell us
Chris from your column yesterday in the
Washington Post what made Bobby so
special well I think he was always
learning and I think it would separates
him from so many politicians today the
you and I cover in mica it's he was
always learning for he was a hothead
he's a lot like John McEnroe in many
ways and then Cuban Missile Crisis he
wanted to bomb away
he's like Curtis LeMay
in the beginning and he learned you know
we don't want to be the Japanese Empire
we didn't want to do the Pearl Harbor in
Reverse and he would do the same kind of
thing with civil rights at first when
the Kennedy people went out and tried to
help the kings after King was arrested
in sixty he wanted to just that fire all
those guys Howard what Harris Wofford
and Louis Martin he Keith Hall Don the
bomb throwers and he thought you know
what that Judge they've never thrown
away the key when he put a king in jail
for basically a traffic violation he was
always learning and I think when his
brother was killed he learned even more
I think he learned about pain and I
think he became much more compassionate
there were signs he was before but I
think he really became a guy who was
looking for people to help and and Jack
you talk about the Revolution of Bobby
Kennedy and what a remarkable revolution
it was all you have to do is look to
Cape Town 66 nobody wanted him to go
over to South Africa but his speech two
years to the day before his death
through the most remarkable speeches
I've ever heard
Indianapolis 1968 the cops didn't want
him to go into the into the inner city
that night he did anyway he also did
something even harder and that is
started to speak out against what
essentially was his brother's war in
Vietnam yeah it was an incredibly
difficult thing for him to have to take
on the people who sat around the table
that he had sat with the same people who
made the decisions to commit ourselves
of Vietnam in the same way where then a
few years later he's speaking out
against the war after privately
criticizing to Lyndon Johnson multiple
multiple times but he can't move him
so he decides to say something and then
he has this incredible blowback against
himself which from people like Hubert
Humphrey said he was trying to put
arsenic in the poison pill for the
Vietnam military solution there and it
stopped him from running for president
until late in the game I mean in in
early nineteen nineteen sixty-eight he's
talking to reporters about Eugene
McCarthy saying well if he had only done
this he could have got the Kennedy
supporters on board no one
saw that there were real divisions in
this country with the New Hampshire
primary in 1968 he said I have to get in
and he kind of faced a lot of blowback
for that too there's this cartoon in the
Atlantic constitution around that time
it shows Bobby sitting with a bunch of
kids on his lap and the caption reads
you must be this nice man named ruthless
opportunist and that's Robert Kennedy in
a nutshell yeah you know Chris were old
guys now you and I and June 6 1968 the
California primary it was a single event
a single tragic horrific event in a year
filled with horrific events and I don't
know about you but I would kind of urge
people out there today who are
reflecting on the meaning of June 6
whether it's d-day or whether it's
Robert F Kennedy's death to specifically
remember the year 1968 and think about
your anguish today if you have it about
our political system pump the brakes
it's going to be ok we survived 1968
from the day that Robert Kennedy died
106 young Americans were killed in
Vietnam on a single day 322 were killed
in the month of June 6600 had already
been killed and the total at the end of
the year was nearly 19,000 Americans
killed in Vietnam along with everything
else that occurred in this country and
yet the country stood straight and tall
on January 1st 1969 and it stands tall
today I don't know about you but I mean
the memory of that is sort of helpful
today you know I once was talking to Pat
Monahan the great senator from New York
and he he said we'll never get over it
and he looked me in the eye and he said
you'll never get over it was kind of
induction into a knighthood I think if
you imagine how we had a hard time
getting over Dallas imagine being Bobby
Kennedy trying to get over it that scene
of him in the Lincoln Bedroom basically
talking to God the Chuck Spaulding
overheard where he's in that room saying
why why God why this and I think that
led to him going
reading the Greek poets that the judges
talked about going to Aeschylus trying
to find some way to understand what did
we get out of this there it's got to be
wisdom we got to get wisdom as you just
said Mike you got to learn we got to
learn from tried zero else it's
worthless it's just hell on earth and I
think that that's what the story of
Bobby Kennedy and most politicians that
everybody is it's its day-to-day life
right to the very end Bobby was hoping
to go on he didn't know he's going to
get shot Jack didn't know he's going to
be shot Jack was trying to figure out
why Dallas was so right-wing and Fort
Worth was so yellow dog Democrats sit
with John collee in the car and Bobby
was said they would dick Goodwin you
knew dick and it's time to figure out
how is it going to get mccarthy aboard
but he's gonna have to promise them
secretary of state these guys are like
just of all of us sitting here talking
now every day is alive and all of a
sudden it's not alive none of these guys
see this coming and so they're that's
what I think we have to write about and
think about what was it like when they
were alive because we know what it's
like when they're dead so I think that's
the thing that this day to remember that
they were once alive and once great
leaders and Joe how would Bobby
Kennedy's hopes and dreams hold up today
well I think they still do hold up well
today I you know I remember one of my
first memories of any political or
historic event was the morning that
Bobby Kennedy was assassinated I was
five years old I was in the suburbs of
Atlanta Georgia we were driving to
Vacation Bible School I heard it on the
radio and I watched my grand mom
watching horror the the news across the
TV that said that said his words
inspired me as a teenager his actions in
Capetown Indianapolis the extraordinary
campaign in 1968 you know it spent my
life reading and studying and loving
American history and I always believed
like Charles Pierre said that we were
redeemable constantly falling constantly
picking ourselves up and I still do
believe that but Jack I must say the
older I get the more I understand that
this was not a singular
event that this is an event without
being too melodramatic fifty years later
we still have not recovered from we
still haven't come together at the
tracks working-class whites working
class blacks that Bobby Kennedy
coalition still is waiting to be united
by someone who can think outside of
themselves like Bobby Kennedy learned to
do the last few years of his life yeah
you heard both Pete Hamill and Charles
pierce say the wound and Robert Kennedy
was talking about the national wound and
how do we bring the country back
together and that's the thing that he
really focused on as he went forward in
the Senate you know he in 1966 he was
giving speeches about how do we solve
the problems in the inner cities in
northern cities and he said one of the
solutions was to deal with the poverty
of satisfaction and the poverty of time
that people and say you know the
middle-class feel who maybe didn't go to
college in 1956 now there were 30 years
old in 1968 and there were we left
behind by the rest of the country so
Robert Kennedy had plans for those
people and he understood change and the
that was what the whole country was
going through and so the national wound
he was constantly urging them to find a
better way to come together that wisdom
through the awful grace of God so final
thoughts Chris Matthews and you look
back at how Bobby Kennedy in so many
ways wanted to unite people unite
Americans all Americans compare that to
how you ended her bar last night talking
about Donald Trump and this sort of
constant barrage of efforts to tear down
and divide well one thing we know Joe is
just on my Bible class and one of the
things we know in this country all
across the country that we are never
more divided than on Sunday mornings we
go to different churches and this is
such a truth in American life and it
probably explains a lot about the way we
see ourselves and it's fragmented it's
divisive and yet on Sunday afternoon we
do unite everybody and Washington DC
roots for the skins everybody in Philly
roots for the Eagles and it's a United
unifying thing and it's magical you root
for the running black running back
running by you root for the running back
you've running the guide with different
ethnic problems overcomes them on Sunday
and roots for his favorite player and
the quarterback included and it's all
one American thing and then Trump walks
into that one time of the week when we
are all united Sunday you have to do
that Monday morning talking about it and
he says let's divide here let's cut the
heart here in America right we're there
united let's cut it in half make it
black against white I mean that's
vicious stuff and he knew exactly what
he was doing and he's going to keep it
up because that's his game plan Joe it
doesn't look like there's any end in
sight Chris Matthews thank you I I just
I just have to say that's the reason why
we have people like Bobby Kennedy in our
history books so we can look back at a
time that was even more bleak than our
time and figure out a way to try to
understand those or at least love those
we don't completely understand and bring
this country together and redeem
ourselves once again we hope chris
matthews thank you the book is bobby
kennedy a raging spirit and we'll be
watching hardball at seven o'clock
Eastern Time on MSNBC Jack Barr thank
you as well his book is the revolution
of Robert Kennedy tomorrow on Morning
Joe Senator Claire McCaskill will be
among our guests we look forward to that
stay with MSNBC today for all your
breaking news Stephanie ruhle picks up
the coverage in two minutes thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
