day 502 this was of the Trump
administration and President Trump
wasted no time again today lashing out
at his own Attorney General over his
recusal from the Russia investigation
President Trump wrote on Twitter quote
the Russian witch-hunt hoax continues
all because Jeff Sessions didn't tell me
he was going to recuse himself I would
have quickly picked someone else so much
time and money wasted so many lives
ruined and sessions knew better than
most that there was no collusion to say
that our president cannot let this go
would be an understatement
the attacks now come so frequently it
almost normalizes this still new notion
of an American president regularly
eviscerating his own Attorney General
and Jonathan Lemire of The Associated
Press reports the president's anger
toward Jeff Sessions has hit a whole new
level
he is so mad at Jeff Sessions still that
he is actually in recent weeks where in
our report he has stopped using such as
his name he won't say it and so
therefore senior aides around him in the
West Wing have copied that they just go
him or her hit or him or that guy or the
Attorney General an incredible detail
from Jonathan Lemire who reports the
president's animosity toward sessions is
now permeating most things in his path
quote on Thursday Trump was on Air Force
One returning from a trip to Texas
reveling in both a successful day of
fundraising and the heads up he had
received from economic advisor Larry
Kudlow that the next day's jobs report
would be positive as we learn from the
president's Twitter feed the next
morning but when an aide mentioned
sessions Trump abruptly ended the
conversation and unmuted the television
in his office broadcasting foxnews
dismissing the staffer to resume
watching cable according to a person
familiar with the exchange we are
tonight also tracking new developments
on former Trump campaign Chairman Paul
Manafort his mounting legal problems in
the Russia investigation earlier today a
judge scheduled a June 15 hearing on
whether to revoke ment afford
bail after prosecutors alleged he tried
to tamper with potential witnesses while
on pretrial release NBC News reporting
it this way according to Monday's FBI
affidavit two people who were part of a
broader effort to lobby on behalf of
Ukraine told investigators that mana
Ford while on bail contacted them in an
effort to influence their testimony and
to otherwise conceal evidence
a spokesperson for Manta Ford released a
statement today that said quote mr. mana
Ford is innocent and nothing about this
latest allegation changes our defense we
will do our talking in court also new
today Washington Post reporting that
President Trump has become quote fixated
on pardons quote a White House official
this week said Trump is obsessed with
pardons describing them as the
president's new favorite thing to talk
about he may sign a dozen or more in the
next two months
this person added not to talk about
let's bring in our leadoff panel for
exactly that on a Tuesday night former
US Attorney Joyce Vance who spent 25
years as a federal prosecutor Michael
Crowley national security editor for
Politico and John Heilemann back with us
in New York author of Game Change and
DoubleDown co-host of the circus on
Showtime in addition to being a
contributor around these parts John take
it wherever you wish sessions pardons
man of Fort what are we witnessing right
now just another day at the
hallucinatory ranch Brian it's like you
know you just said almost normalized I
got it we got to keep fighting to let
any of this seem normal or basis yes
it's it's more than a daily basis if you
have a fusillade of craziness and things
that we never thought we'd see I thought
look there are a couple big important
things here the tweet about you have
sessions this morning I'll say I was on
Morning Joe and it has become so common
that we didn't really pause to let it
sink in yeah that the president was
essentially contradicting what his
lawyers had said in those documents that
we saw in the New York Times this
weekend where they said no Donald Trump
always knew there was going to be
rushing investigation you always knew it
was going to go on he did not fire Jim
Comey in order to end the Russian
investigation here
he's contradicting it flatly in addition
to saying the Russian witch-hunt hoax
which is a word that there's a phrase
that no editor of yours or mine would
ever allow in a piece of copy that we
wrote at least it's in capital you know
so that I think that's pretty important
and the other thing I think is the
Manafort situation which is super
important and look I mean you you have
to be pretty crooked to be committing
crimes when you know you are under
observation and under indictment to go
out and commit additional crimes while
you're under indictment they recommend
against that it's Syria again we've
heard all this on this network all night
about from an experienced attorneys who
say Paul manfor has good lawyers
expensive lawyers who would have said to
him there are a bunch of things you're
not going to do this is one of them and
to have done this increased his legal
peril given robert muller even more of
an upper hand than he already has in
terms of leverage to try to get Manafort
to flip on donald trump it's a huge
development and also i'll borrow from
from one of my co-panelists a on the
Cole show who noted maybe Nicole that it
does sort of betray the notion that if
this is this is not a man who's
convinced he's gonna get a pardon to go
to your third topic because if you were
convinced you were gonna get part get a
get a pardon why I gave you a witness
tampering yeah that's a serious serious
offense hey Michael other than the sheer
almost-daily as we've noted release of
steam on the sessions issue is there any
case to be made by anyone around this
president that this continued attack on
his AG while they're all under
investigation is a good idea well first
of all Brian I just wanna point out that
if he's not saying sessions named
anymore that may actually be an
improvement because several weeks ago
what we heard was that he was referring
to Jeff Sessions as mister magoo yeah so
if I had the choice between being called
mister magoo or just being referred to
with a pronoun I think I would take the
latter so in in that sense things are
looking up for Jeff Sessions right now
to your question I don't see the game
for the president you know he can call
this a witch-hunt he can call it a hoax
he can say no collusion he does it
several times a day fine his base loves
that I don't see the profit in attacking
Jeff Sessions who you know is actually a
big hero for the conservative base he's
also got a
a lot of old friends on Capitol Hill in
the Senate people like Mitch McConnell
don't like hearing the president talk
that way and and and again to that point
of his former colleagues on Capitol Hill
you know they may basically be with
Trump when it comes to the Russia
investigation they want to have his back
well I think when it starts to get
personal with a guy that they know well
they think is honorable they hate to see
him treated that way it just sort of
burns needless capital for the president
so I think to me I just see it as an
example of a president who's not
thinking entirely clearly or rationally
he can't restrain his impulses and when
it comes to the Russia investigation he
just kind of blows a gasket and doesn't
know what he's doing and doesn't think
it through
Jois we've been wanting to talk to you
since we read this court filing on mr.
manna fort it's one thing for us
laypeople to go through it and certain
ports of parts of it really read like a
clear and present danger it's it's
active wording how did it read to you
what did you take away from this it's a
really interesting pleading Brian on the
technical legal side of things one of
the conditions of Paul Manafort release
is that he not commit another federal
crime so now the government has brought
before the judge probable cause to
believe he's tampered with a witness and
that's a that's a good reason to revoke
his bond in the two or three times I had
this happen in my career everyone on the
prosecution team got incredibly angry
and immediately went to the judge asking
that the defendant be taken into custody
pending trial because the worst case
situation is the defendant who's out
trying to influence witnesses and avoid
the fair trial that the people of the
United States are entitled to in these
cases so so that's likely the reaction
here what's incredibly interesting is
that manna fort would have done this no
doubt despite the advice of counsel who
would have cautioned him against doing
anything like this and the question is
why did he do it what did he think he
had to benefit from or what was so
dangerous that he wanted to steer these
witnesses away from discussing it
candidly in his trial
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSM
see on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
