with less than a month until the midterm
elections the race for Georgia's
governorship is a toss-up with us now
from Atlanta the Democrat in that race
Stacey Abrams she's deadlocked with the
Republican nominee two-term Georgia
Secretary of State Brian Kemp and thanks
so much for being with us Stacey I want
to start with a story that the
Associated Press broke yesterday and
asked you what you can tell us about it
the AP said that your opponent who again
a Secretary of State in charge of
registration and voting it said that
he's using is suggesting that he's using
his position to suppress voters up to
55,000 people who have registered to
vote and 70% of those are black voters
and they may not even know that he's
trying to suppress their voter
registration what can you tell us about
that and what can be done to count every
vote well first of all thank you for
having me this morning the challenge is
this process called exact match and
we've been fighting him on this since
2014 what happens is if you have a - in
your last name if you have a difficult
spelling if anyone misspells or leaves
out anything they can use that as a
basically as a reason to not process
your registration and that means that
about 53,000 Georgians currently have
their registrations and pending status
technically they can cast provisional
ballots but provisional ballots are
often not processed and so we're deeply
worried that 53,000 people 70% of whom
were African American will be
disenfranchised in this election and you
also say that of those people again
let's state it again seven in 10 of the
voters are black voters in Georgia some
of them many of them may not even know
according to The Associated Press that
their registration has been held up part
of the problem with exact match is that
you don't know what the problem is so if
you resubmit the exact same information
but the Registrar drops the - or
transposes a letter in your name you
don't know that that's the reason that
you weren't processed number one you may
not get the enough information
number two if you return the same
information you submit the first time
the same mistake can happen but what we
want people to understand is we're
fighting this there are organizations
across the state that are fighting this
but we still can get our votes out we
need people to understand that we've got
one and a half million eligible voters
who are on the rolls who do not vote in
midterms and if they will stand up and
speak for those 53,000 we can still make
a difference in this election Stacey
it's willie Geist it's great to meet you
and have you on the show this morning
when I asked you about your your path to
the governor's mansion here that's a
state in Georgia that's long been
considered read president Trump though
only won by five points in 2016 the
non-white population just in the last 28
or 30 years has grown from 29 to 40
percent in the state of Georgia how do
you build a coalition who does it who's
it composed of to win the election we're
going after every single voter because
what we learned from past elections is
that we can't cherry pick our voters our
voters pick us and so I'm talking about
the issues that matter I'm talking about
health care I'm talking about creating
good jobs everywhere I'm talking about
education but we are not trying to find
one single group of voters what we are
trying to do is activate voters who
normally don't think their voices matter
you were speaking earlier about the
kitchen table issues and what we find is
that regardless of your demography every
Georgian wants a good job they want to
make sure their kids are taken care of
and they want access to health care for
themselves and their families I'm the
only candidate with comprehensive plans
and what we have found is that I've won
every demographic in our primary I won
across the state of Georgia including
the county of Forsyth which in years
past have gotten a bit of a reputation
because what people have found is that
my voice and their values match and
that's how we can win this election by
talking about the issues that matter to
them not talking about what matters to
me and what did you learn Stacey from
Doug Jones's victory next door in
Alabama last year other than it's nice
to run against one of the worst
political candidates in the history of
American politics what do you take away
from his win one number one he went
everywhere and that's what we've done in
the state of Georgia I've been to all
159 counties we have basically one
County per person in Georgia number
- I've done the hard work of actually
going into these neighborhoods and
knocking on those doors
we have fielded a program and organizer
program that's going to knock nearly
three million doors in this election and
number three what we learned is that
values matter that doug jones didn't
just talk about his record he talked
about how that record would lead him to
act in the senate i talked about how my
record of working across the aisle means
that i can work with a republican
legislature but that my leadership is
democratic head of the caucus means that
i can fight for our values and hold the
line on the issues that matter and
that's what voters are looking for they
want to know that they've got a fighter
but someone who can work with everyone
to get good done and that's been my
reputation for eleven years on both
sides of the aisle
Stacey Rick Tyler does the Willie was
mentioned since 1978 when Newt Gingrich
won first Congress when it's per seat in
Congress the state had steadily turned
red and it's been a solid Republican
state and I I realize you're going out
and you're talking to all these voters
what is specifically the impact of
Donald Trump on this race what are you
hearing from voters and if they are
supportive of Donald Trump how are you
winning those voters over I think that
what we have found is that his
presidency has generated an energy and
an enthusiasm among a lot of voters
people who didn't think that voting
mattered remember November 2016 and they
realized yes their voices do need to be
heard and so it's less about his direct
issues and much more about the
atmosphere that he's created but I will
say on the issues of tariffs on trying
to eliminate coverage for pre-existing
conditions and having a candidate on the
opposite side who supports those
positions that's really helped energize
voters who realize that if you're a
farmer down in South Georgia there's a
tax on you now a tax that's being put in
place by the Republican leadership and
the deeth in Washington that if you want
to cover your pre-existing condition
because you're a two-time breast cancer
survivor that I'm the only candidate
who's pushing for Medicaid expansion and
protecting your right to health care and
that my opponent actually voted against
covering pre-existing conditions and so
what we're finding is that there is a
narrative being set out of DC but these
are Georgia voters with Georgia values
of family and faith and service and
responsibility and they want the ability
to take care of themselves and I'm the
only candidate who's really speaking to
those issues
Heidi Stacy you are in a dead heat there
in the race and the person who is
holding back these voter registrations
is your opponent Secretary of State Kemp
and he's holding them back on the
pretense that there may be voter fraud
in 2016 the Washington Post did a
research piece that found only four
cases nationwide four of alleged voter
fraud and here you have in the state of
Georgia alone 53,000 people potentially
whose votes may not be counted or at
risk of not being counted what is the
recourse minee accepted that we're going
into this razor tight election and that
these people's votes may not be counted
or is there some kind of recourse
between now and then so I want to I want
to emphasize three things one yes 53,000
are being held in pending status this
isn't the first time he's done this we
actually took him to court I did through
my organization the new Georgia project
and coalition with other groups and we
sued and four years ago for this issue
it took us a few years but we actually
got a federal court to force him to
restore thirty three thousand illegally
cancelled registrations they then came
back and passed legislation to say he
could do it again and we're gonna fight
him again and so the court battle will
continue but I want people to understand
that voter suppression has two effects
one is to stop people from voting but
the other is to scare people out of
voting and I do not want them to have
the effect on either side we have enough
registered voters in Georgia to win this
election as you talked about earlier
millions of people stayed home across
this country in 2016 and in Georgia it
was nearly 750,000 but we've added new
voter registration in fact 250,000 new
registrants are on the rolls being
processed right now I want them to
recognize that their voices can be the
amplification of those who've been told
they can't vote so I don't want us to
get scared away from voting and that's
the recourse one is that will fight the
legal battle but we need every Georgia
voter of good conscience to step up and
vote for those who've been told they
cannot vote Stacey Abrams at an air
tight race in her bid to become the
first female African American
governor in the history of this country
Stacey thank you so much for your time
we appreciate it thank you for having me
still ahead on Morning Joe the Dow Jones
took a sharp drop yesterday thanks in
large part to a massive sell-off in tech
stock but there were some other factors
at play as well and Steve Rattner will
break those down for us next on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
