Glantz came to navigate though we've got
a story fit for you Chris the Super Bowl
champion Philadelphia Eagles will be
honored at the White House today but
without the team president Trump
abruptly canceled the planned visit for
eagles said he will hold a celebration
with Eagles fans instead a written
statement by the president reads in part
the Philadelphia Eagles are unable to
come to the White House with their full
team to be celebrated tomorrow they
disagree with their president because he
insists that they proudly stand for the
national anthem
the Eagles wanted to send a smaller
delegation but the 1,000 fans planned to
attend the event deserve better but we
should point out no Eagles player took a
knee for the national anthem during the
regular season last year and the
cancellation could have more to do with
what the White House officials told the
New York Times that fewer than 10
members of the team were planning to
attend former Eagles wide receiver
Torrey Smith tweeted this quote so many
lies shake my head here are some facts
number one not many people were going to
go number two no one refused to go
simply because Trump insists folks stand
for the anthem and number three the
president continues to spread the false
narrative that players are anti-military
and the president just tweeted on this
matter quote we will proudly be playing
the national anthem and other wonderful
music celebrating our country today at
3:00 p.m. the White House with the
United States Marine Band and the United
States Army chorus honoring America NFL
no escaping to locker rooms that is a
tweet a moment ago from the press-on
United States that's what I was gonna
say right he's bathing in this he loves
the offseason right I mean it's see look
I mean this is this is I mean not a
surprising story but still a stunning
story at the same time and this has
never happened before this is not normal
and how do you like to be the advance
guy by the way who's got to make sure
that a thousand fans show up without any
excellent players at the White House I
mean imagine if they have empty sea what
do these always do who just signed on to
this proposal the problem is they didn't
sign on to it they didn't even vote on
it I mean a few very powerful very vocal
owners and and essentially a weakened
Commission or a very well paid but
weakened Commissioner said alright we're
just gonna try to get rid of this we're
just gonna put this off to the side this
will this will settle it it
just the opposite I mean this issue had
receded I mean there were people who
obviously were very angry at football
last year and Donald Trump was clearly
gonna bring this up again but this just
did the exact opposite I mean they lost
the players I mean it'd be one thing if
the NFL was united on this but largely
thanks to what happened a few weeks ago
there is no sign that they are remotely
related about this and Gene Robinson if
you read into this it looks above all
else the president Trump didn't want to
be embarrassed to have an eight nine or
ten Eagles standing there without some
of the marquee guys at the podium with
him there's a in your newspaper today a
Washington Post piece that has the
incredible detail toward the end of it
that last year when the president heard
Tom Brady wasn't gonna come to the
Patriots celebration
he was furiously making phone calls
aboard Air Force One to Bob Kraft to his
aide said we have to fix this we can't
have this event without Tom Brady he
felt it would make him look bad so
obviously the president is worried about
appearances here yeah that's all that's
the whole thing I mean you know any
situation involving Donald Trump is all
about Donald Trump and how Donald Trump
looks and and and whether Donald Trump
is it looks bad or roar by his lights
looks good and and you know including
New York Times if the only ten players
were gonna show up that would be
embarrassing for him so rather than be
embarrassed he realized this whole this
whole story which this marks that head
had had receded certainly receded before
the NFL action and it's it's a where
does he take it now I mean now he's
taken the position that in fact the what
the owners thought are those few
powerful owners who ran this thing
through thought was a compromise and
perhaps acceptable that they could just
you know move on with ugly and you can't
have this thing over with it the players
to stay in the locker room the president
now says that's unacceptable and you
know no hiding in locker rooms and and
and you can't do that so he is just
created yet another problem for were the
NFL owners who were trying to placate
him
in a ham-handed and totally unwise way
and he's given the high ground again to
the players in my view it's just it's
it's ridiculous it's all about his ego
as usual well and Chris it undercuts his
argument about what a great deal maker
he is how it can bring people together
we've seen over the past couple of days
he's got the French upset with us on
these trade tariffs that the cokes and
other Republicans are opposed to as well
the Germans he's got his ambassador
running around making it it's just
horrific insulting mistakes in Germany
the Canadians you can go all of our
allies that were shoulder to shoulder
with us also d-day the Canadian they're
all offended with us if you're in the
suburbs of Philadelphia and you're a guy
that voted for Barack Obama eight years
ago and you voted for Trump this year
because you thought he could get things
done you got to be sitting there going
wait a second my team wins the Super
Bowl and this guy can't even write can't
even run a White House ceremony with my
team you know municipal itical move for
Donald Trump well you think about you
know a lot of us have lived in big
cities and NFL towns like Philly and New
in Washington of course with the skins
and the one powerful unifier even in
cities that could be a little congested
and turbulent at times on ethnic grounds
his football I mean usually go to skins
came and watched it without African
American guys painted up red and
excitement and a mutant it they the the
connection that people have with each
other maybe we're on Sundays and then
Monday talking about the game and it
used to be getting a cab it's like your
cab dad one thing he had talked about
with some it was the game one thing I
talk about is every aspect of the game
and there was no racial distinctions you
could be one of these white guys in a
jabra with a red face and a cold day up
in Minnesota but he's written for his
team that's mostly African American
running backs and all he's used to
Whitney like
it's a unifier here's Donald Trump he
goes into the one aspect of American
city life that really does unite people
really does and let's trash it let's
let's break that up right now make sure
that doesn't work anymore that the white
guy in the jabra make sure he doesn't
root for the running back anymore but
he's got the ball yeah but let's kill
that I mean is it it's a sick genius
that he has found something that really
works and slowing it apart I mean it's
it is true I mean look this is I mean
football likes to market itself as a
respite from politics from the divisions
of luck and you're absolutely right by
the way about Washington them and you go
to a Redskins game it is one of the few
truly integrative experiences and
authentic integrative experience you
have try to find a restaurant like that
absolutely yeah and you know Eve Kratz
Republicans like I mean they're all
United first of all and diss electing
Dan Schneider but but also in you know
where do the red skins or yeah but no
it's it's a very very huge dynamic mark
you were so right he has the President
of the United States has a twisted
brilliance and that he knows how to hone
in on resentment even down to the level
of the National Football League
twisted brilliance is exactly what it is
watching guy do this under law required
by law who wants to watch that about 50%
of the populace
really appreciate it good to have you on
Chris Matthews please stay with us still
ahead Joe
new overnight Hall Men afford accused of
witness tampering prosecutors working
for Robert Muller are asking a judge to
revise the terms of metaphors release or
send him to jail and a Supreme Court win
for religious freedom advocates and the
justices have ruled that a Colorado
Baker cannot be forced to make a cake
for a same-sex wedding will go live to
Pete Williams at the Supreme Court
you're watching Morning Joe I'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
