you all if you watch the show you've
heard me say that I thought Jeb Bush was
one of the most effective leaders that
I've ever seen actually the most
effective leader I've ever seen in my 20
25 years in politics and and covering
politics in large part because of the
way he handled hurricanes and the way he
managed natural disasters we asked him
to come on this morning and and talk
about what the people of Northwest
Florida are going through and what we
can expect coming up and Jeb's with us
cover thank you so much for being with
us
we're honored as always good to be with
you Joe and those pictures are just
incredibly vivid and a reminder of the
power of Mother Nature and how we need
to be humble as we go about our business
to take care of people could you tell us
governor what are so often the the eye
of the storm hits landfall goes in two
other states and people think that the
danger is over actually that's when some
of the the danger some of the other
dangers come into play what do we need
to be worried about this morning
what does Florida need to be doing to
clean up this morning actually most
deaths occur after the storm has gone by
and it's because people go outside they
think it's over there may be water and
and you may have electric lines that are
underneath that water and people get
electrocuted there's all sorts of things
that could happen and so people just
need to be vigilant listened to their
local authorities and certainly listened
to governor Scott with his you know his
quarterly were three or four times a day
briefings and then and then there needs
to be you know I hope people need to
just chill out a little bit to allow for
the massive numbers of people that are
deployed to try to identify people that
may be in remote areas to make sure
everybody's safe and sound and then
you've got the recovery effort we're
literally right now there are a thousand
national guard and in our state deployed
millions of gallons of water and ready
meals
talent you know when they could
apparently a half a cup of half a
million pounds of of ice are being
deployed to already designated areas
there'll be a lot of resistance coming
the Salvation Army the Red Cross there's
just it's we're pretty good at this and
you know that my only my only hope is
that we're in the midst of a campaign
season I think people need to put their
arms down and stop the advertising stop
the campaigning at least in these
affected areas and help their fellow man
Governor Bush it's willie Geist
appreciate you being on with us this
morning I'm looking at your record as
time in the governor's mansion you had
eight in the span of 14 months eight
major hurricanes from August of 2004 to
October of 2005 we're seeing these more
and more even since then with more
frequency more intensity as bill Karin's
our meteorologist has been pointing out
this morning what can we do to be better
prepared in terms of infrastructure
beyond evacuations and boarding up homes
in the days before these storms
what should states like Florida be doing
big picture well Florida did something
that was really important when I was
governor the Legislature passed the
strongest building code in the country
and we ought to constantly looking at
this because you'll see this when when
people when cameras get back into these
areas the new Building Code housing all
won't be damaged next to places that
will be completely destroyed that be the
first thing secondly you can't be
building in flood zones that's a lesson
I think that the country needs to be
serious about there ought to be it
should be harder to get loans harder to
get insurance for new housing new
construction places that we know is
going to be more damaged thirdly in a
state like Florida it's really hard to
evacuate because we now have 22 million
people and the further down the coast it
is it's almost impossible to imagine
evacuating so we need to create even
stronger a stronger supply of shelters
to take care of the most vulnerable
citizens the frail elders people with
developmental disabilities
the counties do a good job on that but I
think that always has to be the highest
priority because you can't have millions
of people on the road we just don't have
the infrastructure to take care of it
and then we need adaptive policies for
land use if there's going to be more
storms and more floods then we have to
do what countries like the Netherlands
do you can't you know we're not going to
go back to wild Florida where there
aren't 22 million people the reason why
on those charts that y'all showed in the
morning that there's more property
damages there's more property you know
it's it's a it's it's really a fact that
we have this situation and we need to
create adapt that policy's open a long
haul to deal with all right
Governor Jeb Bush as always thank you so
much for being on our show we really do
appreciate it it's great talking to you
thank you thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
