the president's contention that he can
pardon himself set off a lot of alarm
bells and it went off like something of
an incendiary device on social media the
reaction included this from California
Democratic congressman Adam Schiff who
reminded us we've been here before
though in a different context quote
President Nixon asked the Department of
Justice if he could pardoned himself
they said no and no one may be the judge
of in their own case he resigned three
days later in case you want to follow
the Nixon model that would be Thursday
congressman Adam Schiff the lead
Democrat on house Intel is with us here
in our New York studios tonight welcome
thank you for coming in thank you I feel
like we were going to start there but
we've had news break on your way to a
television studio tonight so let's back
up with Paul Manafort this is an
allegation that he's witness tampering
what would that have to say about his
mindset he's in effect out on bail
pending trial well it says a lot it says
for one thing that he's terrified of the
exposure that he's facing in terms of
the charges against them and willing to
engage in such a reckless act as to try
to compound his problems it also says to
me that he must not be certain that he's
going to get a pardon after all and
maybe he hears the president diminish
his role in the campaign well he was
there for a short time and maybe he's
taking that to mean the president is
gonna want to be arm's length but at the
same time of course you got the
president sending completely different
signals that he could pardon anybody
wants he can pardon himself there's no
limit to the mischief that he can commit
with the pardon but I think it's a sign
of desperation a metaphors part I am
guessing with some knowledge you did
better than average in law school went
on to be a federal prosecutor among your
other job titles talk about self
pardoning visa vie our discussion in the
last segment it really would place one
person above all known laws for the rest
of us it would I would never claim to be
a constitutional scholar but I studied
under a very good one Larry tribe
and I think the reality is you don't
interpret one section of the
Constitution as in such a way that would
render moot other parts of the
Constitution you can't faithfully
execute the laws if you're also using
the pardon power to obstruct justice
if we consider that power absolute it
would mean the president could order all
kinds of people have allowed to violate
the law and then simply pardon them he
could commit any kind of violations of
law and simply say it's my Justice
Department you can't indict me you can't
prosecute me you can't touch me that
cannot be the case
the Constitution is not a suicide pact
in any respect we don't have a monarchy
and this absolute absolutist
construction is just dead wrong before
frost/nixon was a film it was an actual
thing it was David Frost the British
journalist Richard M Nixon the former
president I want to show you a clip visa
vie what you put out on social media
we'll talk about it on the other side so
what in a sense you're saying is that
there are certain situations where the
president can decide that it's in the
best interest of the nation or something
and do something illegal well when the
president does it that means that it is
not illegal so you're saying same
mindset at work different circumstances
today from 1977 oh absolutely in that
statement President Nixon is saying
effectively I am the law
Donald Trump has said this is my Justice
Department not the Justice Department of
the American people it's mine and I have
the right to my own attorney general who
does my bidding who has my back who's
looking out for my interests not the
interests of the country that is not the
system we have it was wrong during
Nixon's time it's wrong now in many
respects this president's abuse of
office is a disregard of a system of
checks and balances go well goes well
beyond anything Nixon said and it ought
to alarm every American hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
