this did not age well this was the
headline in New York Law Journal
following the first court appearance by
Michael Cohen's lawyers after Michael
Cohen's office home hotel room and
safety deposit box were all raided by
federal agents in April of this year you
can see the headline there Michael
Cohen's attorneys claimed thousands of
privileged documents scooped up in raid
headline actually understates it a
little bit well Michael Cohen's lawyer
actually said in court was that
thousands if not millions of documents
that were seized for Michael Cohen
should be considered privileged and in
this case privileged means that
prosecutors shouldn't be allowed to see
those documents even though those
documents were seized by federal agents
the privileged claim is that because
Michael Cohen is an attorney anything
that represented confidential legal
advice that Michael Cohen might have
given to any of his legal clients that's
something nobody else has the right to
see of course in our system of justice
everybody has the right to confidential
secret communications with their legal
representative when federal prosecutors
from the Southern District of New York
swooped in with FBI agents and took all
this stuff from Michael Cohen's practice
from his legal practice his office his
home in the hotel room where he was
living this was their defense hey you
may have taken all that stuff pursuant
to the search more but you can't look at
it
thousands if not millions of those
documents that prosecutors just took
those are confidential legal that's
confidential legal advice that Michael
Cohen gave to his clients prosecutors
will never be able allowed allowed to
look at that stuff prosecutors will
never be allowed to get their hands on
those documents no way because Michael
Cohen is not just any lawyer he is and
has been a personal attorney to Donald
Trump President of the United States
this issue of what was seized from
Michael Cohen in this raid it has been a
matter a very urgent concern for the
President himself you might remember his
initial freaked out when we got word
that Cohen's office and home had been
raided this was the president's
immediate online response quote
attorney-client privilege is dead
exclamation point I mean it is it is
hard to overstate the potential
importance of this in terms of the
president's personal legal jeopardy
right Michael Cohen for years was an
executive at the Trump Organization mr.
Cohen was involved directly in
everything from threatening reporters
who are writing unfavorable news
articles about mr. Trump to organizing
secret payments to women who said they
had affairs with mr. Trump he was
involved in secretly trying to develop a
Trump Tower Moscow during the
presidential campaign including
personally reaching out to the Kremlin
for assistance with that project he was
involved during the presidential
transition in a secret effort involving
a pro Russian Ukrainian lawmaker to
pitch a secret plan to drop US sanctions
on Russia
he brought a Russian oligarch to the
inauguration and and that appears to
have received a million dollar contract
and hundreds of thousands of dollars in
unexplained payments from interests
related to that Russian oligarch
starting around the time that Trump took
office and we don't know exactly why mr.
Cohen has now become the subject of a
federal criminal investigation led by
prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York but he has and we know that as
part of that investigation multiple
search warrants were issued from
multiple premises controlled by Michael
Cohen and federal agents and prosecutors
acting on those search warrants they
came in and took it all they took
everything they took a dozen electronic
devices and computers they took boxes
and boxes and boxes of hard copy
documents they they took what they were
looking for they took it all and really
the only line of defense against
prosecutors going through that material
was this claim from Michael Cohen and
from the president of attorney-client
privilege thousands of documents no not
thousands millions of these documents
that were seized would be shielded from
prosecutors because of attorney-client
privilege the president's outraged
attorney-client privilege is dead well
now we know because this has now been
adjudicated and it turns out in this
case attorney-client privilege is not
dead it's just not particularly relevant
to the Michael Cohen case a court
appointed a special master a highly
respected former judge to review the
documents that were seized from Michael
Cohen today that Special Master issued
her first report as
how many of these documents actually
will be kept from prosecutors because
they really do reflect actual legal work
being done by Cohen as an attorney and
they therefore should be treated as
confidential here's what she found when
it comes to the quote contents of eight
boxes of hardcopy materials which means
actual paper quote out of 639 total
items consisting of twelve thousand five
hundred and forty three pages the
Special Master finds that fourteen items
are privileged and or partially
privileged the Special Master also finds
that three items are not privileged
we're not exactly sure what that means
we think that might mean that Michael
Cohen tried to say there were three
other things that were privileged the
Special Master reviewed them and said no
they're not but in any case out of six
hundred and thirty nine items hard copy
documents only fourteen are privileged
that means of all the hard copy
documents seized by federal agents for
Michael Cohen prosecutors are going to
be able to look at 98% of them but
there's more Special Master has also
reviewed the contents of two of Michael
Cohen's phones and an iPad those
represent a lot of other items out of
two hundred and ninety one thousand
seven hundred and seventy total items
the Special Master finds that a hundred
and forty-eight items our privileged and
or partially privileged and seven items
are highly personal Special Master had
previously explained that she would in
addition to protecting things that are
attorney-client privilege she would also
protect things like medical records from
Michael Cohen's family anything else
that was not necessarily attorney-client
privilege specific but it's stuff that
should be cut from prosecutors purely on
the basis of privacy yeah you add those
two things together and that's another
one hundred and fifty five privileged or
highly personal items out of nearly
three hundred thousand items that they
got off those devices so in that case in
terms of electronic items from Michael
Cohen's phones and his iPad prosecutors
are going to get to look at at more than
ninety nine and a half percent of those
items that they seized ninety eight
percent of the hard copy docs ninety
nine and a half percent of the
electronic ducks
if there is anything the president has
to worry about in terms of his
relationship with and his working
history with Michael Cohen over the
years any plan that he and Michael Cohen
might have had that they were going to
rely on attorney-client privilege to
keep all the relevant materials out of
the hands of prosecutors that appears to
have been poor planning if there is
anything in those documents for Michael
Cohen to worry about or the president to
worry about they are going to need
something else to rely on
today's June 4th by June 15th which is a
week from Friday end of next week the
judge of the Michael Cohen case has
ordered that this entire review process
all the stuff seized from Michael Cohen
it has to be over and done with this
first report from the Special Master
tonight indicates that as they're going
through these materials they're finding
almost nothing that can be held back on
the grounds of attorney-client privilege
prosecutors are getting basically all of
it and so tick-tock this is very bad
news for Michael Cohen both in terms of
what he was obviously count on counting
on to protect him in this process that's
not working out but also the speed at
which this is unfolding in federal court
his lawyers have been trying to slow
this down slow this down
don't let prosecutors get this stuff yet
slow it down the judge said no it's all
going by the end of next week because of
the kind of relationship Michael Cohen
had with his main client Donald Trump
it's probably also the case that this is
bad news for the president as well and I
know there's a lot going on in the news
and I know there's a lot of you know
deliberate outrage being created all the
time but focus on this Cohen case and
the threat that it poses to this
president as this very quick time frame
and this dire legal circumstance for
Michael Cohen has come into focus over
the past few days that is when we have
seen this sudden increase in the
discussion of pardons from the president
and his legal team when the court first
set that June 15th deadline by which all
the evidence will be handed over to
prosecutors that's when the president
started talking about maybe pardoning
Rob
Liguria vich the Democratic governor of
Illinois who tried to sell Barack
Obama's Senate seat he started talking
about maybe pardoning Martha Stewart hey
she was on the apprentice too the
President did go ahead and issue a
pardon to a conservative commentator
last week a sort of conspiracy theorist
provocateur frequent Fox News guest who
was prosecuted not that long ago by
federal prosecutors in the Southern
District of New York where Michael Cohen
is being prosecuted mr. Dinesh D'Souza
was prosecuted for a campaign finance
violation which he admitted to he
apologized for he's never sought a
pardon in conjunction with that
conviction but nevertheless the
President issued that pardon last week
to Dinesh D'Souza and it may have just
been a wild hair on the president's part
but strategically it seemed timed for
the president to show off how
aggressively he could flout norms and
traditions for how presidents issue
pardons and why they do and to whom
because mr. D'Souza is a conservative
media figure that pardon also seemed
designed to kind of wire the president's
Fox News base that they should cheer for
his pardons particularly ones that seem
shocking or outrageous or even radical
to anybody operating from a mainstream
perspective or in terms of legal
precedent the president kept that up
today with his online declaration this
morning that of course everybody
believes that he can pardon himself as
president almost nobody actually
believes that the president can pardon
himself there's one controlling legal
finding on that question from within the
government it was issued by the Justice
Department's Office of Legal Counsel in
August 1974 right before Richard Nixon
resigned that OLC memos concluded that
it doesn't appear that the president has
the right to pardoned himself but
President Trump making this public
declaration to the contrary today
this feels like part of a strategy he is
he is priming us for something about
pardons right he is not just pushing the
envelope in terms of what the American
public expects from this president on
pardons he's setting the envelope on
fire he is trying to eliminate all
expectations of normalcy or legal
precedent or even any basic ethics
around the president
use of the power to partner and in the
midst of this public effort by the
president to kind of desensitize us
around pardons to convince us all that
anything is possible when it comes to
him pardoning anyone he wants in the
midst of this public campaign to numb us
to what he might do with the pardon
power to sort of get our outrage
expressed already about this so that
nothing surprises us in the midst of
that public campaign by the president
this weekend the New York Times
miraculously obtained two long letters
that were sent by the president's
lawyers to Special Counsel Robert Muller
one was sent last summer one was sent
earlier this year in January and among
lots of other things
both of these letters make the same
argument in legalese that President
Trump has been making publicly in all
capital letters on Twitter for the past
few days
ever since the Michael Cohen case took a
turn for the dire just as the president
is now publicly asserting an unequivocal
absolute right to pardon anyone and
everyone for any reason no matter how
outrageous or craven or partisan the
president's lawyers in letters to Robert
Muller have asserted that the president
effectively has the option of ending the
whole Russia investigation whenever he
wants in part by use of his pardon power
presidents lawyers arguing to robert
muller that trump can't be prosecuted
for obstruction of justice no matter
what he does no matter what crimes he
commits because as head of the executive
branch he can end any investigation he
wants he can use the pardon power to
save anyone from prosecution quote it
remains our position that the
president's actions here by virtue of
his position as the chief law
enforcement officer could neither excuse
me could neither constitutionally nor
legally constitute obstruction because
that would amount to him obstructing
himself he could if he wished terminate
the inquiry or even exercise his power
to pardon if he so desired so we should
see this as all of a peace all over the
last few days the Michael Cohen case
really is about to blow up in very short
order for Michael Cohen and possibly for
the president too
getting 98 99 99 and a half percent of
the documents that were seized from
Cohen's home and office in hotel room
and secured safety deposit box it's not
working to try to shield those documents
from prosecutors with this
attorney-client privilege claim and
prosecutors are going to get all of
those documents by the end of last the
end of next week
as that has come into focus just over
the past few days the president has
started talking about pardoning people
willy-nilly he issued this deliberately
outrageous I believe partisan inflected
pardoned also somehow a previously
secret argument from his legal team was
released to the press which makes clear
that they think the president can use
his pardon power to make this whole
investigation go away and that is
obviously a very radical assertion by
the president but there's one way in
which I'm not sure they have thought
this through
just like they thought attorney-client
privilege would be enough with the
Michael Cohen case that they thought
that would be their get out of jail free
card in terms of the evidence collected
from Michael Cohen's home in office and
it's just not turning out that way I
think in this case rushing right to the
president's pardon Authority as their
radical get-out-of-jail-free card I
think it may not end up working that way
for them and here's one specific reason
why this letter that the New York Times
obtained this weekend it was sent to
robert muller we're told it was
hand-delivered to robert muller by
trump's lawyers in january what did
robert muller in the special counsel's
office do after they received this
letter
well in fact shortly after this letter
from the president's lawyers was
delivered to robert miller robert roller
did in fact do something that we could
all see in public just a few weeks after
receiving this letter from trump's
lawyers robert muller unleashed a
surprised a surprise hehe unsealed what
was a big surprise indictment that
nobody saw coming the only time we ever
see Muller acting in public is when he
indict somebody right well before this
letter went to Muller's office in
January before then we'd seen Muller
indict Trump's campaign manager Campaign
Chair Paul Manafort and
deputy campaign chair rick gates we'd
seen a guilty plea from this
Papadopoulos guy who had also worked on
the campaign and from Mike Flynn who had
worked on the campaign and been national
security advisor all knowable if not
google-able people involved directly in
the Trump campaign but then after Muller
got this letter from Trump's lawyers in
January what's the next thing Muller did
he indicted Mikael be straw McHale
berchik Alexandra krilova on Ibaka Chava
Sergei polozov Maria Bove de robert bob
doc shaken ugly aslan off jae-hoon vadim
excuse me Vadim
pot coke buyout I'll try Gleb vasilenko
arena covered Xena
Vladimir ven cough you have Guinea
production the internet research agency
Concord management Concord cater who the
heck are those people 13 individual and
3 corporate defendants all in Russia all
indicted by robert muller and that was a
surprise at the time in February in some
ways it still feels surprising I mean
immediately there were two big reactions
right one was wow this is a sweeping
indictment it's what they call a
speaking indictment look at how this
lays out what Russia did in terms of
interfering with our election that
indictment was this great piece of
storytelling in terms of this crime that
had allegedly been committed against the
United States but then there's the
practical legal analysis why bring this
indictment against all these Russians
none of these people are ever gonna end
up stepping foot in a US courtroom
Russia's never gonna extradite these
people to the US how will this
indictment ever serve justice then that
indictment soon seemed not just
surprising and maybe a little odd it
ultimately ended up seeming like it was
maybe a little risky when one of the
entities that was sued conquered
management actually ended up hiring
aggressive American attorneys to
represent them in court and that is
resulted in some dramatic hearings where
the lawyers for this Russian entity have
demanded reams of US government
documents as part of this court case the
discovery process in their case has
forced the government force prosecutors
to hand over information on decades
worth of US foreign policy towards
Russia
it's made some observers wonder if maybe
it
maybe wasn't worth it to bring this case
if there might be some national security
risk to the US government in terms of
having to hand over all of this stuff
there have been some I think
expectations suggestions and indeed
expectations that may be molars
prosecutors might decide to drop the
charges against the Russian corporate
entities maybe even against the Russian
individuals maybe this is more trouble
than it's worth these people are gonna
get convicted anyway with the discovery
process going this way maybe it's
dangerous maybe drop it most prosecutors
have not dropped it they have not let it
go they're fighting it out all the time
in court we just got a new filing on on
Friday night quote On February 16th a
federal grand jury returned an eight
count indictment against 13 individuals
and three corporate defendants alleging
that they engaged in a multi-year
conspiracy operating out of Russia to
defraud the United States by impairing
obstructing and defeating the lawful
functions of the government through
fraud and deceit for the purpose of
interfering with the US political and
electoral processes including the
presidential election of 2016
prosecutors can went on the conspiracy
included a Russian organization that
conducted what it called information
warfare against the United States to
spread distrust toward the candidates in
the 2016 election prosecutors go on to
explain in this filing on Friday night
quote the essential elements of a
conspiracy to defraud the United States
consists of the following two or more
persons formed an agreement to defraud
the US the defendant knowingly
participated in the conspiracy with the
intent to defraud the US and at least
one overt act was committed in
furtherance of the common scheme so
there they're continuing to fight this
out they're continuing to prosecute
those Russians even though it's turned
into sort of a complicated thing there's
questions about whether those Russians
will ever be in a US courtroom well now
we have a whole new window into this
part of the Moller case we know that
this conspiracy case against all these
Russian defendants was filed by robert
muller and his prosecutors just a couple
of weeks after they were notified in
writing by the president's lawyers that
the president believed he could bring
this whole inquiry to an end by the use
of his pardon power
think about how that might work right
let's say the president decides he wants
to make the whole Russia scandal go away
make the whole Russia investigation go
away by pardoning everybody that has
anything to do with it
let's say the president pardons Donald
Trump jr. any pardons Paul man fork and
he pardons Rick Gates and Carter Page
and George papadopolis and Jared Kushner
and Brad purse Cal and Mike Flynn and
Steve Bannon and Ivanka everybody gets
pardoned everybody look under your seat
you've got a pardon you've got apartment
everybody gets pardoned it would be
weirder to give dinesh d'souza a pardon
than Don jr. right he's banking on you
all think it gets equally outrageous
give everybody a pardon let's just move
on let's say he does that everybody gets
pardoned maybe even find some magic wand
somewhere that allows him to think he
can pardon himself tries it out sure
thanks to that February indictment
against all those Russians there would
still be a major problem for the
president and for anybody involved
anybody else involved in the Russia
scandal because those 13 Russian
individuals and three Russian corporate
defendants they are on trial for
conspiracy against the United States if
all those people I just listed Don
junior and Flynn another if they were
all pardoned Moeller would still be
prosecuting this case against all these
Russians this conspiracy case as part of
this case alone Muller and his team can
pursue everybody who might have been
involved in this alleged criminal
conspiracy which means even if they're
all officially pardoned they can all end
up named as co-conspirators in any
superseding indictments or any court
proceedings that derive from this case
up to and including the President
himself the only way the president could
avoid that the only way the president
could avoid having Muller continue to
investigate having the whole criminal
conspiracy laid out for the American
people is if in addition to pardoning
Don Jr Paul Manafort Carter page George
papadopolis
Jared Mike Flynn himself every if in
addition to all of those pardons the
real way he could only make this go away
through his pardon power is that he
would also have to pardon all of the
Russians in this indictment he would
also have to
Alexandra and Anna and Sergey and Evgeny
and arena and and Vladimir otherwise the
prosecution of those Russia defendants
goes ahead including all of the
investigative work to pursue everybody
involved in that conspiracy if all of
this discussion over these last few days
about pardons seems desperate it seems
kind of like endgame stuff from the
White House you are right to perceive it
that way but if the president is
planning on using his pardon power to
try to end the Russia investigation and
shut this thing down he really will have
to pardon not only everybody involved in
the scandal in the United States he will
have to pardon all the Russians too and
however much he is trying to desensitize
the American people to what he might do
with the pardon power there is not
enough desensitization in the world to
get the American people ready for him
pardoning the Russians right right that
can't be the plan can it June 15th is
next Friday June 15th is when Michael
Cohen gets the hook this is all going to
happen very fast stay with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
