again that's not what the president's
looking at that's not already spending
this time on and I think that we have a
lot bigger things going on in the
country right now certainly that the
president is spending this time when it
comes to policy welcome back to am joy
I'm Jonathan Capehart in for joy Reid
well you'll probably not probably you'll
definitely only hear me say this once
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is right there
are bigger things going on in ABC's
firing of Roseanne Barr but that didn't
stop Donald Trump from tweeting about it
the very next day anyway sending the
media into overdrive
again covering all things Roseanne while
other crucial news stories slipped
through the cracks
stories like reports of a grossly
underestimated death toll in Puerto Rico
after hurricane Maria the leaking of the
jobs report by Trump and a looming trade
war with America's closest allies this
week crystallizes a question we've seen
through all 500 days of the Trump
presidency on the media mutt 1 the media
must constantly ask themselves just what
is their priority joining me now is
Serleena Maxwell director of progressive
programming for Sirius XM Jess McIntosh
former adviser to Hillary Clinton's
campaign Eric bollard senior writer for
share blue media and Gabe Sherman
special correspondent at Vanity Fair
okay I threw the question out there
answer it let's go around the table Gabe
well what are we doing no clearly Trump
has a master ability to figure out what
buttons to push and clearly at a time
when there are clouds swirling around
his administration whether it's the
Amala investigation or the foreign
policy debacles that he seems to be
stepping into with North Korea
he will then tweet a cultural issue that
gets everyone hysterical and it's it's
challenging on the one hand these are
presidential statements the media should
cover what the president is talking
about on the other hand they are bright
shiny objects that get people chasing
things that aren't necessarily in the
interest of the country all right yeah I
love the fact I mean with Roseanne Barr
there was also the Samantha B chapter
and I love the fact TBS just ignored it
you know trump's tweeting she should be
fired what's a double standard CBS is
like we're not even gonna and that's
what amazon did and there have been very
smart when they've been the target of
the attacks they're like no we're not
we're not even gonna go there so you
know i think what these stories are very
easy to cover right you add in pop
culture to politics everybody loves that
you can talk about all these things and
let's I mean I'm the Roseann store it
was an important story I mean for
someone with that kind of hate
background to have a national platform
is wrong but I mean those articles those
topics you mentioned let's throw in the
pardons right yes you know and and Trump
is trying to create this legal firewall
for his criminal enterprise and and and
just real quick like the next day the
New York Times described it it
idiosyncratic this pardon this is not
Trump being eccentric but I think that's
part of the fatigue that we see they
don't really know what to describe this
as anymore mm-hmm this is honestly it's
on the media to not be distracted by
things which are not worthy of
distraction and also to call out things
which are usually when Trump goes down
this cultural rabbit hole it happens the
day after something major happens in the
Russia investigation or some major piece
of how corrupt his presidency is we're
learning a little bit more about which
parts of our government he's trying to
auction off to highest bidder and then
he does this this cultural war thing the
culture war thing matters though because
it speaks to the fact that we're being
run by white supremacists every time he
does this it is a specifically racist
thing that he has picked up to do he's
defending a racist or he's decided to
denigrate a black journalist or a black
athlete or a black celebrity or any
black American who he has feels has
crossed him in some way so that needs to
be covered too that's not just a
distraction that has to go away that is
an integral part of this presidency and
one of the most dangerous pieces of it
as Hillary Clinton told me when I
interviewed her for my podcast she said
whenever Trump gets into trouble with
the rush investigation
he either attacks Barack Obama her or
somebody black yeah definitely right I
think the media is in a really
precarious position because they they
actually do not have
the necessary tools to cover someone who
lies with the frequency that the
president does and we found this on the
campaign there's only so many fact
checks so you can do there's only so
many times you can call something out as
a lie before everything you know to the
American people just becomes okay both
sides that's just both sides having the
argument and so they tune it out I think
voters actually in 2018 need to be the
entity that come and say facts do matter
the truth matters and they need to
repudiate this president I don't know
that the media has the appropriate tools
to do that well or at least that's what
we're saying they don't well let's talk
about because we've mentioned sort of
the culture war aspect you know trumping
more serious news let's take a look at
the number of mentions of Puerto Rico on
television television broadcasts versus
you know what was happening with
Roseanne you can see ten hours spent on
cable covering Roseanne just 30 minutes
about fellow Rabello Americans and what
happened to them in Hurricane Maria and
then do we have is this all combined
okay and then here's the the graphic
that I wanted to show that's mentions of
Puerto Rico on television broadcast now
look at the next one when it comes to
mentions of Roseanne look at that those
two things are related though so think
about the fact that the Roseanne story
is about racism going back to the 1800s
and essentially the justification for
white supremacy saying that black people
are genetically inferior because of the
size of their school right so that's
what the what the comment that Roseanne
was making and inherently racist comment
the reason why we're not covering Puerto
Rico is because those folks are brown
that's also about racism and so I think
that we have to be really honest as
Americans and confront our racist
history because the Roseanne story is
about racism but not adequately
resourcing Puerto Rico and not properly
covering the story is also about race
Dave well the other thing I was struck
by last week is Peter Baker had a piece
in The New York Times about Ben Rhodes
his book that came out and then he
quoted some private remarks that
president then president obama made
about maybe he was wrong about America
and what I was struck by was that how
and frequently we actually heard
internal White House conversations
during the Obama years about what the
president was thinking and doing because
there was fewer leaks
and you compare that with the Trump
white house where there's just a
firehose of leaks it takes up all this
oxygen so there's not time and attention
to focus on other stories I think that's
part of the strategy of the Obama White
House was all working together in
service of doing a thing about the
policy talk about the thing you're all
trying to do the Trump White House is
working in service together of doing
absolutely nothing except enriching the
Trump family which means they better
find a bunch of other stuff to talk
about because they certainly can't talk
and then that leads to just completely
incoherent policy I'm right look at the
tariffs right right you cannot find
Justin Trudeau you cannot find an
objective economist who thinks this is a
good idea the Chamber of Commerce has
opposed it Republican senators are
opposed to it the US Steel Workers are
opposed to it and they're supposed to be
benefiting from the steel is supposed to
be in Trump's quarter that's right so I
mean none of this makes any sense yeah
and and and there's no policy for it now
they're thinking about putting tariffs
on autos because we have to protect the
US auto industry yours auto production
doubled in the last ten years they don't
need any protection they're making money
hand over fist so all this chaos and and
and focusing on the leaks focusing on
cultural war Trump wants to do that then
when he comes out with this completely
incoherent policy people are kind of
exhausted they're like okay I guess
we're gonna do this now but shouldn't we
foot but shouldn't we focus on the leaks
I mean this is the one way we understand
what's happening in the Trump
administration I mean and any
administration there are leaks and
that's how you're able to read what's
really happening here you've got people
that customary backstabbing in the West
Wing
but with this administration you've got
front stabbing what you did now as I've
said many times before and it shouldn't
shouldn't we be viewing this in from a
from a media perspective is it possible
to cover the leaks while also keeping
the eye on the ball of the serious
things that are happening shouldn't we
you know resources notwithstanding
shouldn't we be able to talk about
Roseanne and talk about Puerto Rico with
the same amount of breath
well you know one of the things that
Trump understands growing up in sort of
the tabloid era of New York is what that
what's on the front page matters what
the New York Post puts on the front page
of The Daily News is what people will
talk about so yes I wish in an ideal
world we could do both but what he does
is he creates such a spectacle so that's
what lands on the front pages and the
other stuff yeah it's in there it's
covered but people's attentions is
limited yeah I mean the good news is
there are sort of sources of objective
fact that are looking into this like
I've said the the Moller investigation
doesn't care if you're paying attention
to it right it's going forward anyway
right so if he gets distracted with
shiny objects and we follow him down
there it's really and I talk about
picturing Muller in the basement like
doing his work with the one lying on
over his desk late into the night and
his files like work is happening there
regardless of what kind of circus we're
all talking about here and and
eventually we get to see the outcome of
that work and a lot doesn't really care
whether or not we believe Donald Trump
did any of these things right so you
know people think OJ's innocent right to
the death so I think you know there are
people that believe that right so the
the law is gonna do the you know
Mulder's gonna do his work and the
outcome is going to be the law apply
being applied to the facts that OJ
didn't have lawyers who were then in
control you know writing memos to say
that the federal law didn't apply that's
what's scary is he's attempting to
actually redefine the law that's a quick
point on the leaks I assume Trump is a
he wants it's is the total reality oh
I'm on the outside on the ends I got to
make in the Showtime documentary where
he goes off the record with the reporter
Maggie Haberman so he's both a subject
and a source right and that's very rare
for a president man so as two veterans
of the the Clinton campaign and you had
to deal with the fire hose hurricane
tsunami whatever you want to call it
that was the Trump campaign how how does
an entity or does someone break through
that hurricane or that water cannon to
make sure that their issues are heard or
that what's
in Porto Rico is darn near impossible a
and it requires you guys it requires the
the media I mean Hillary Clinton would
stand up every day and talk about the
issues that the media would then say if
only the campaign would talk we'd be
right there's literally nothing we can
do at this point because he's calling
women fat pigs and we ought to be
covering that like that was important to
cover so you're really caught in this
catch-22 and I hate to turn it back to
reporters and journalists and media
figures but at some point there has to
be an arbiter of how much time gets
devoted to each I would also say this
there has to be you know a full
accounting of the fact that trying to be
quote objective and fair in in a
campaign where one side is lying about
literally everything and the other side
has some you know a suspicious email
practices practices right and so and so
doing two days or three days on the
latest racist thing Donald Trump said
and then being forced to flip and turn
to emails for the next 72 hours just to
make sure that you appear balanced that
is how we got here because both of those
stories are not equivalent Donald Trump
calling Mexicans rapists and murderers
calling women fat pigs attacking at
least a Machado those things are not
equivalent to sub-optimal email
practices they never will be and I think
now we joke but her emails there's a
really there's a dark humor in that joke
because we ignored somebody who was
completely unqualified to be President
just to appear balanced and we attacked
somebody who was qualified and certainly
there was substance in the email
argument she but I wouldn't say that
those are on the same plane compared to
what we're talking about now it hit no
game well yeah I mean I think that's the
result of what the right has been doing
for a generation which is to make
reporters including myself feel guilty
about appearing liberal we're all scared
of but sort of looking over our shoulder
are we gonna get called out by you know
Glenn Beck or Rush Limbaugh and so that
has a chilling effect of like then you
look for other stories to give the
appearance of balance right and just to
quick back a quick point back to Puerto
Rico
you know Trump was very good with the
red states right there's
there wasn't complaints about hurricane
relief right I think I know say so again
you know the the Puerto Rico port report
got completely overlooked this week and
it has to do with race and the press is
very uncomfortable putting those two
things together yeah and and I wish we
had more time because I wanted to get
into the issue of whether the press
should be just flat-out and every story
non-stop saying that the president is a
liar yes he laughs yes well that was
easy Leena Maxwell chess McIntosh Erik
Bullard engaged Sherman be sure to catch
his Elina and Jess
during am joy commercial breaks of
course on signal booth Saturdays at 10
a.m. on sirius XM radio next up the
windy 500 trumpet his team are Tooting
their own horn Zahn his huge
accomplishments in his first 500 days
stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
