another big story tonight a special
conversation on the trump presidency
live with two unique voices right here
the legendary Rob Reiner filmmaker actor
and activist and Anthony scaramouche II
who served as Trump's White House
communications director they're gonna
talk to each other
not at each other now this morning
Donald Trump took some credit for good
jobs numbers as well as low unemployment
a trend that when you look at the
statistics did start years ago initially
under President Obama also Donald Trump
imposing new tariffs on steel and
aluminum there's a imports from the EU
Canada Mexico there are allies there and
people say they may retaliate also open
questions about Donald Trump and whether
he is moving ahead or stalling out on
some of the many big goals he set
everybody's got to be covered universal
health care I am going to take care of
everybody we are going to rebuild our
infrastructure we have bridges that are
falling down when it comes time to
negotiate the cost of drugs we're going
to negotiate like crazy do you believe
in raising taxes on the wealthy I do I
do
including myself Rob Reiner and
Anthony's scare Moochie thanks for being
here together it's good to be him happy
Friday
yeah he's a very new movie coming out a
shocking shocking off but let's talk
because it's interesting you played that
you play listen all candidates make
promises and they don't keep them right
that happens with every I mean you
played all the things in infrastructure
and better health care and they didn't
get but and so you would say that's not
is that a lie is not a lie what he just
made a promise he couldn't keep what I
want to know from Anthony is that and
you are like you know what I know
Anthony from you know he was Steve run
skybridge capital he had a big thing in
Vegas we had a nice dinner together and
he's like a straight shooter kind of guy
what I want to ask you cuz you know
Donald Trump I met him one time I don't
know him that well you know him better
than I do
why do you think that he lies all the
time why is that why does he lie every
like every mess so this is sort of the
point I was trying to make in the
greenroom you know there's there's
different shades of that now you're
gonna say okay he's trying to parse that
I'm really not he is an embellish or
store
he is a macro wave surfer if you will
and so he will tell a big tail and a big
story and so now the media is conflating
that with absolute line he's not sitting
there saying in those three or four
soundbites things that he didn't mean
yes I'm trying to differentiate a
campaign promise so rolling out and
saying something that is probably not
true but when the media says he said
3001 wise okay we look at it the guys
that were in the campaign and people
that I'm I'm close to and we we see him
as the macro storyteller that he is and
you guys get upset because he's the
president but in Hollywood when you've
got a book that's a nonfiction book and
you're going to write the story in the
screenplay some of it gets conflated
that's Hollywood this is that's we're
making up stories but when a guy the guy
says that the FBI is spying and
infiltrating my campaign and you find
that that is a total and utter lie
you're creating a narrative that is
making it difficult for people to accept
the truth when the truth god always got
a picture of McCabe on the desk here and
so we know that the Inspector General's
the Inspector General have a picture of
McCabe I don't know I don't know him
personally
but what I do know is that there were
some things that happen there that were
not with the Inspector General thought
well before we go deep before we go deep
and we can go right deep into the
Inspector General Court which would make
a great Hollywood script you can option
it let me let me say this I'm going to
go back to you defended Rossi I don't
wall school he's asking about the deceit
do you think Donald Trump tells the
truth most of the time part of the time
or most of the times not really okay so
this is what happens when you come on a
show like this I'm getting boxed right
now and you guys want me to say so no
he's a liar and say anything I know him
for who he is and his base knows them
for who he is
okay and so there's an expression
sometimes it doesn't translate perfectly
in English but sometimes you let a story
get embellished and the facts go a
little bit away from the story
that's what the president has done okay
when the president talked about the
Trump Tower in 1980 he had it as
scintillating spectacular Tower and then
it ended up on Vogue magazine Paris and
and he's a big dreamer he's got big
ideas and he's an entrepreneur and so so
what happens though in the media he's
the president United States
he's very unorthodox a very unorthodox
communicator he's not communicating the
way the other 40 released the ones in
recorded history of communicated and
people are super upset about that but
not that the argument they're being
there pops it up
here's what you could puff it up if you
want style
you could puff it up if you want if
you're in the real estate business and
you're over selling something or
whatever but he's now the President of
the United States and when he says
something it has to mean something and
it has to be true you can't just say
that we are we had no contacts with
Russians
there's no we're not gonna do Russia
right now let me do this let me do it
let me do it let me do contact with
Russia let me do and see it let me do a
little economic Rorschach for both of
you okay because the chart I'm about to
hook up
you felt boxed and I appreciate you
sharing your feelings with me you know
that always you there's no couch here
though and by the way I tell my shrink I
was there for nine hundred and
fifty-four thousand seconds also box
robbed because it is something that love
to be Bob here you go Donald Trump may
be benefiting from what Barack Obama
started in the unemployment rate but
this chart tells a story that Obama
started something good if you think that
unemployment dipped there is good right
more people getting jobs and it's
continuing under Trump so starting with
you and then turning to you can you
acknowledge that this is a good thing
happening during the truck ministration
when you acknowledge that it started
actually under Obama starting with you
of course it's a good thing it's a good
thing that we had over 200,000 jobs
created last month those are all good
things and the unemployment rate that is
going down that's a good thing because
sometimes it seems like and I'm gonna
say this you people in Hollywood and you
know who I'm talking about yeah me
literally you personally and you know I
like you I know
you cannot admit a single thing positive
that's happening in this country during
the Trump administration there is a
perception of that right now you're
you're standing I'm saying no to that
there's no no that that is positive that
you know the one thing that we look for
is our wages going up are people gonna
have more in their pockets those things
are matter and if you don't have health
care you it's been more is gonna come
out of your pocket if gas prices go up
more is gonna come out of your pocket if
you have a tax cut that isn't very
substantial you're gonna wind up with
less so you had those things something
that Donald Trump clearly has a big
problem with for whatever reasons we can
explore that he is building domestically
on all of these successes that Barack
Obama built over eight years especially
on the economy he seems unable to
acknowledge that which makes it very
hard for me to speak factually about
these numbers I'll go one step further
than that okay during the economic
crisis President Obama had to make some
crisis management decisions and by and
large he got almost every one of those
right you were on the brink of an actual
international calamity and so he got
just about every one of those decisions
right and so that calmed down the world
and then he got the help from the
Federal Reserve where I think President
Trump does deserve credit and I think
this is where the Obama economy was a
little constrained frankly was in the
regular regulatory process okay the
layers of regulation and the lack of
trust on these businesses because there
was some demonization post-crisis taking
those shackles off provided that they're
not over tipping into under regulation
okay I think those regulations market
but with regulation because I think many
people in the regulation part of it
could be good if you have a tax plan
that actually helps middle-class people
but what you have is all the
deregulation is geared towards big
business and the tax cuts were all
geared towards the wealthy and big
business you had you know corporate tax
rates cut you had you know capital gains
cuts all those things happen but what
didn't happen
is anything you know rebounding to the
middle-class guy he so vote so I'd like
to know what he put in place
economically I'm gonna help that helped
the middle class guy in the regular I
love this guy so I'm gonna what which
one help I'm gonna help him out okay
guys so I so that's some of that is
perception because there's about two
hundred and sixty three billion dollars
that got downloaded to middle-class
people through the form of increased
wages and bonuses I think what is what
people are at odds on on but that are
Democrats is that it wasn't enough I
mean that was Nancy Pelosi thing when
she said they were crumbs or something
like that and people got upset because
it's two thousand dollars of disposable
income on somebody that's making $50,000
a year is a lot of money but you have to
remember what the President had to do is
he had to go against two forces the
establishment on both sides that are not
in love with them and so what happens in
Washington you don't like to see how
these bills are made but it was very
 up to use a little bit of
practice he he's very few Italian but
he's using Yiddish word yeah to do that
in New York so it was a little bit for
cocked up okay
yes okay let's let's say something else
okay and I think well also what the
president didn't realize is that once
the Obamacare went into place
whenever the flaws are with Obamacare
and you might love Obamacare but even
people that made Obamacare recognize
there are some flaws they need it to be
fixed but what he did was to either
repeal and replace he'll just destroyed
okay but okay but he's destroying
Obamacare and people are losing their
health care and people are you know are
losing their Medicaid okay but okay okay
not a hundred percent okay so some of
that is true on the fringe and that's
what's got everybody so excited not a
hundred percent but if the president
said on 60 minutes that I want to make
the health care more affordable and I
want to make the health care better he
can do that but what has he done to do
that he can't because he's up against
the special interests and he's up
against the lobbyists if you're the
number one things you do is you just
increase the supply curve of you're an
economist okay and you incentivize
people become doctors okay you bombed
boarded forty million people
to finish the chart hangman here there's
nothing here he's playing hangman it's
right there you just flatten out the
supply you increase the supply of
doctors you had a GI Bill after the
Second World War which the American
middle class benefited from you need a
medical GI sort of a bill let me play
something that builds it you make a lot
of interesting points and what you're
doing that sometimes quite frankly some
of your former colleagues in the White
House really struggle to do is you're
working with actual policy arguments to
make your points which we appreciated we
welcome here I don't need to attend
asleep all right here's a problem that
Donald Trump has and it's a problem that
comes out of his own mouth which is the
very numbers that he was hyping last
night and today the Bureau of Labor
Statistics numbers are the same numbers
that he degraded throughout the campaign
when he didn't like them and this is a
problem that is bigger than left-right
or whatever else
take a look yeah I hear 5.3 percent
unemployment that is the biggest joke
there is in this country that number is
so false and our real unemployment is
anywhere from eighteen to twenty percent
don't believe the 5.6 don't believe it
they show those phony Statistics the
unemployment number as you know is
totally fiction this fiction phony
number is what he's selling today
doesn't he have to retract that to be
taken seriously by anyone okay so can I
go first on this so so what he was
referring to is there's a number of
different ways to slice the unemployment
the number that is posted up by the
Bureau of Labor Statistics called au one
number that was at 3.8 percent the u6
number is still in the high seven so K
and so what he was referring to back
then at the peak of the crisis it was
over 18 percent the u6 number I'm
Siviglia with the other county wouldn't
he's saying the numbers he's telling you
they were phony who knows so okay so if
I was his comm director which I'm
obviously not he could rectify that by
saying listen the u6 number when he's 18
do that because he's not going to tell
the truth he is he has a reversion to
the truth and he did something else
today which is against the law
he released
these numbers before he was suppose you
did to them he alluded to them well
buddy alluded to the fact they're going
to be gone out with the precision
support he alluded to them right and do
we know for a fact that he didn't tell
anybody who's close to him that these
numbers gonna be and we know what they
did with we don't know don't know now we
have 30 seconds we want to end on a high
note or a person that needs on Twitter
though I do yeah a lot of talk there's
been a lot of talk some would call it as
angry it's looking for some called
speculation about you launching a
television show with Michael avenatti
UVO thrown some public cold water on
that yeah so I guess the final question
is will the show be with the two of you
and yeah I would do that because I've
got a hair advantage on him he's yeah I
got more perfect head I got way better
hair but the heads more perfect but I
would do that with him he's a little bit
smarter than me but I think I could take
him in the show well he's but he's he's
smoother see looking wears a suit and he
goes like this and he touch that thing
that the McCrone did with with trunk
it's always about power I'm gonna kiss
them here off the air it's a power you
give you a power and shake not yet all
this it's all good yanked me forward
like that once it was drum where we are
an agreement is that we both work very
hard on the marriage equality Act okay I
know that we're very own on Prop 8
together and I we were instrumental in
the New York thing and so I'm very proud
of that accomplishment together we're
mochi Rob Reiner first time on the beat
we hope not the last thank you very much
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
