here's where things are headed this
Friday night we've got the latest of
course but who knows how long this
latest is going to hold trumps headed to
Singapore right now and now he says he
never wasn't headed to Singapore
Samantha bees getting lined up with
Roseanne Barr before a right-wing firing
squad and there are new reasons to ask
questions about that other Far East
meeting the one in this Seychelles
it looks like mo is still hot on the
collusion trail finally as Donald Trump
planning to pardon himself out of all
his Russian business let's start with
some strange surge of romance or
bromance for despotic North Korea was
Henry Kissinger right is power in this
case Kim Jong Un's the greatest
aphrodisiac there was a remarkable scene
at the White House this afternoon as
senior North Korean officials spent
about an hour and 20 minutes inside the
oboz of office there he is meeting with
President Trump Kim Jong Cheol the
Liberty personal letter from the North
Korean leader Kim jong-un afterwards
President Trump in his Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo posed for photos there
they are outside with the North Korean
delegation the result Trump announced
the June 12th summit in Singapore was
officially back on and he sounded an
upbeat note about it let's watch him I
didn't cancel the meeting I cancelled it
in response to a very tough statement
and I think we're over that totally over
that and now we're going to deal and
we're gonna really start a process we're
meeting with the Chairman on June 12th
and I think it's probably going to be a
very successful ultimately a successful
process we'll see remember what I say we
will see what we will see I don't even
want to use the term maximum pressure
anymore because I don't want to use that
term because we're getting along you see
the relationship we're getting a loss
it's not a question of maximum pressure
staying essentially
the way it is at some point hopefully
ideal for the good of millions of people
a deal will be working can you believe
that we're talking about the ending of
the Korean Won
you took it about 70 years here
incredible people I think it's gonna be
a very great success so we'll see what
happens they're incredible people well
the white house first announced in March
the Trump agreed to meet with Kim
jong-un and from that point until today
the path towards Singapore has been you
might say erratic North Korea Kim
jong-un would like to meet with
President Trump
things have changed very radically from
a few months ago you know the
name-calling and a lot of other things
everyone thinks so but I would never say
if you look at that model with Gaddafi
that was a total decimation we went in
there to beat him now that model would
take place if we don't make a deal most
likely but if we make a deal I think Kim
jong-un is going to be very very happy
based on the recent statement of North
Korea I've decided to terminate the plan
summit in Singapore on June 12th from
orange on my Washington Post White House
reporter Ashley Parker she's an MSNBC
political analyst then vice presidential
security at Third Way Mika o yang thank
you very much for joining us so what did
what happened today
well what happened was basically a top
envoy from North Korea went to the White
House delivered this sort of oversized
personal letter that the President may
or may not have read depending which
version of his you believe and it
basically started the ball back rolling
to a summit that despite harsh language
about a week or so ago
no one including in the White House ever
believed was really truly 100 percent
off and what is this meeting going to be
because it was to get rid of their
nuclear weapons and now the president
said well it's going to be a
get-acquainted meeting like what they
call just lunch there's that which goes
on in the dating world now you just meet
for lunch but it's not really a big deal
like dinner is that what it is he's
really lowering the bar and what they
expect it's a familiar let go ahead
because I would say every time he talks
about this he's really lowering
expectations
what we're actually gonna get and so
he's not actually trying to negotiate to
address the real security threats to
face America he's no longer talking
about the ballistic missiles he's no
longer talking about reducing their
nuclear weapons program he's just
talking get-to-know-you it feels more
like an eighth-grade romance with the
dawn again off again than it feels like
an international summit on nuclear
weapons what can we expect from it I
mean it seems to me that there's a
danger here if nothing happens nothing
is going to be pretty clearly nothing if
you walk out of that door over there in
Singapore I don't know they're having
this at raffles or where they're having
it over there they're gonna have a
meeting and they're gonna come out of it
in a couple of hours my concern as an
American in this case I'm clearly one of
the us this is a nonpartisan thing at
this point my question is we went into
Parmesan back in the summer of 51 we
didn't get out of Parmesan for two years
the North Koreans like to talk because
it brings us down to their level and
then they conduct their missile testing
and everything else while they're
talking well okay a couple things the
first challenge is the president is
going into this without a real framework
as you said for for what they hope to
get out of this what the goals are what
the expectations are according to people
we've talked to they really have nothing
that said the president basically he
again he wants the win he wants the deal
it's very unclear what exactly that
looks like but if he does fly all the
way over there and they do have a
meeting it is hard to imagine him
walking out without anything although it
remains to be seen if that thing is
something real and tangible or sort of a
Pyrrhic victory something he can
announce and and nothing actually
happened where's that troublemaker John
bald waiting in the background to just
beat this thing up somehow he's out
there saying they got to get rid of not
just nuclear but if they've got
biological if they've got chemical
whatever they got he's trying to reduce
them to ashes that's always what paltin
once he doesn't want to negotiate with
anybody that's who wants to destroy them
that's right bolton is about unilateral
surrender of your opponents he wants
them just to give up everything and we
give nothing and he's using language
that trump himself has walked away from
Bolton was the one who started talking
about this Libya example where Libya
gave up their nuclear weapons but then
Qaddafi was dragged he's never
apologized for Iraq or Libya or any
that's - exactly and he can't see the
way that that resonates with an
Koreans and how that's really exactly
common sense says the Libyan model means
you end up in a sewer pipe within people
destroying your body afterwards for
their own joy that's a nice concept to
think forward to anyway at first Trump
told the president the letter delivered
from Kim Jong un turd was interesting
let's watch him say that this was a
meeting where a letter was given to me
by Kim Jong and that letter was very
nice Oh would you like to see what was
in that letter how much how much how
much it was a very interesting letter at
some point then maybe it may be
appropriate and maybe I'll be able to
give it to you maybe you'll be able to
see it and see like carnac on Johnny
Carson he can see in the envelope I mean
he said it's very interesting on a board
you like that he's auctioning it off and
then a few minutes later he said he
hadn't read it yet let's watch them
there I haven't seen the letter yet I
purposely didn't open the letter I
haven't opened it I didn't open it in
front of the director I said would you
want me to open it
he said you can read it later I may be
in for a big surprise folks one hour
later you got to keep up with this guy
the White House told NBC News that the
president has now read the letter and
there were quote no surprises but was
there anything interesting in the letter
that he hadn't read that he said was
interesting well I mean if you believe
him and I'm inclined to believe his
second explanation that he had not
actually read the letter there was none
of the snottiness in the last communique
from Kim jong-un it's hard to imagine
there was that level of rhetoric because
that's what caused him to call the whole
thing off so again you sort of got this
sense the president is a top-line guy he
there's a different sort of president
who might have been poring over that
letter every comma every word before he
went on and made a statement that's just
simply not who Donald Trump okay let me
ask you to be a not conspirator cuz
you're a straight reporter Ashley and I
respect the post and you for that but it
seems this is out of your line of work
here for a second Mika
if he says we are now going to meet on
June 12th that means he's got another
two weeks to with Giuliani to played a
little game they play which is we can't
meet to talk about anything
with the Russia probe until we've met
with Kim jong-un so this gives him
another stay of execution for a couple
more weeks doesn't it monedas I do have
to say I don't think that is the driving
force because as you've seen with this
president in Giuliani if it wasn't the
summit it would be something else they
are very good at the tax returns that
will show you when they're audited yeah
yeah exactly they're they're very good
at this public relations campaign the
summit was a convenient delay tactic but
there will always be something else the
money of those documents on spy gays
so-called spy gate for instance hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
