huge headline this hour the summit is
back on President Trump
announcing that on-again-off-again
meeting with North Korean leader Kim
jong-un less than two weeks away is
indeed officially happening this hour
president Trump is heading to Camp David
were told to prepare for that meeting
just moments ago the president met for
more than an hour with the top aide to
kim jeong-hoon who hand delivered a
letter from the north korean leader
we're meeting with the chairman on June
12th and I think it's probably going to
be a very successful ultimately a
successful process we'll see remember
what I say we will see what we will see
and that's not the only headline influx
24 hours after launching the country
into a trade war with its closest
trading partners the president broke
decades of protocol tweeting about a
confidential jobs report more than an
hour before it was released looking
forward to seeing the employment numbers
at 8:30 this morning now the numbers
were something to celebrate the u.s.
added two hundred twenty-three thousand
jobs in May the unemployment rate three
point eight percent beating expectations
what's the problem then well the
government keeps this monthly report
closed off closed off from the public
until its official release because the
reports gonna have major effects on the
markets well the markets have been up
all day long right now take a look you
see where the Dow is up 220 points but
let's start at the White House now with
NBC News Kelly O'Donnell so kim
yong-chul was at the White House meeting
goes over an hour
we were waiting expectedly he hands this
letter to President Trump from Kim
jong-un
what do we know now about what happened
inside that room well a couple of
surprises I think from the president's
comments Chris we had anticipated that
the president would describe this as a
getting-to-know-you session and he did
just that
it was longer than many of us expected
but what is notable is that the
centerpiece of this meeting was the
letter from the chairman of North Korea
Kim jong-un delivered personally today
and at the beginning the president
talked about it being a nice letter and
wouldn't
like to know what was in it and then a
bit later acknowledged that he has not
yet opened that letter and not yet read
its contents so that was when we have
seen the president often do a bit of a
sort of showmanship in his dialogue with
reporters and by extension the public
talking about how important it was
other notable things the president
confirms he will be in Singapore for
June 12 talks about it being a
multi-step process not anticipating that
the important piece that the United
States wants to achieve which is
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
and the North Koreans abandoning their
nuclear program not anticipating the
president says to see that resolved in
just one meeting but a process also when
prompted by a question about human
rights the president acknowledged that
was not a part of their conversation
today but could be when they meet face
to face a little more than a week from
now and he also said something that I
think we will hear again and that is
when you have a meeting of this scale
and Kris you and I've covered these
before together there is often what is
known as a deliverable something at the
end of the meeting that is a formal
concrete result of what happened and I
think the president foreshadowed that
today talking about the notion of
formally ending the war with Korea and
the 70 years that have passed where that
is still considered an active war even
though it's not a hot war and having the
signing ceremony to bring that to a
conclusion that has diplomatic and
historical ramifications but it could
also be something that would give us the
photo opportunity which is important not
just for the picture not just for the TV
but it does have a historical
implication when you see a president
meeting with one of his counterparts and
that might be the thing the president
foreshadow today that could happen in
Singapore when he meets with Kim jong-un
so a lot of substance today according to
the president a lot of kind of
relationship building and a few curious
comments from the president like what is
in the the letter and how important will
that be he told reporters there might be
surprised but the president clearly
trying to set the tone that things are
on track that there are good relations
now between the two countries as far as
moving toward this summit there are
still very substantive issues
like sanctions and like a very difficult
history of lack of trust between the two
nations but this was a significant day
for the Trump administration and
certainly for North Korea and it matters
a great deal to the allies in that part
of the world for both nations for us it
is of course Japan and South Korea and
to some degree China for North Korea
China is a big player president also
saying today he was displeased that
there was a meeting with the Russian
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov he found
that to be not productive at this moment
so that'll be something we'll follow up
as well Kris Kelly O'Donnell thank you
for that hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
