welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at access am the
co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike good
morning to you happy Friday
welcome to June yeah welcome to June my
god eight-second talk to us about access
is one big thing this morning yeah
access is one big thing is why President
Trump loves pardons so we just saw that
Axios scoop by Jonathan Swan about the
president's unusual actions and
pressuring Attorney General Jeff
Sessions these unusual comments about
pardons yesterday and what we've
realized is that the pardon power is the
one place that the president can have
the sort of snap your fingers presidency
that he wanted your viewers will
remember on the campaign trail the
president talking about just put me in
and we'll solve the national debt just
put me in health care will be easy to
fix and it turns out that pardons the
executive clemency power is the place
where the president can do this the
Washington Post pointing out this
morning that a lot of these pardons the
president done have gone around the
normal process where it works through
the Justice Department they concerned a
thousand of them bring a few to the
president instead he's watching TV he
has an idea and he acts exactly the kind
of presidency the Trump love maybe see
cats that put the President and they
would have won the game last night maybe
let me let me ask you really quickly
about those parties trying to read
between the lines for us a little bit
when you look at the messaging behind
who he is pardoning the frequency that
he is now starting to pardon more people
what is that send to those that are
watching this very close so what kind of
messaging is coming out of these pardons
yeah well that's what called leading the
witness and you're exactly right the
message is this could be you Michael
Flynn this could be you Michael Cohen
the president reminding people who are
talking to the special counsel Bob
Muller who are considering cooperating
reminding him like daddy can pardon you
I have this power
I hope they don't call president like
that I don't really hope they're not
calling him daddy what our age and
allies telling axis about these actions
the president has been taken when it
comes to pardons also with the the
consistent pressure they've been putting
on Jeff Sessions yeah this is something
that the president knew that he was
going to get criticism for and this is
also partly a reflection of the fact
that the president is all of his top
staffers he doesn't have the strong
advisors that he has in the past and so
the president is very much doing what he
wants acting on instinct and impulse
that same Washington Post story pointed
out that that there may be a flurry of
more pardons coming a bunch under
consideration and a bunch are likely to
happen Mike let me switch gears for a
moment if I can I want to ask you about
some exclusive reporting that you guys
have at access out regarding Pope
Francis's
efforts to tackle climate change very
significant development he's obviously
been a very outspoken pontiff about a
lot of social issues what are you
learning this morning about that so this
is fascinating this next week at the
Vatican the president's gonna host a
number of oil companies and energy
investors to talk about climate change
so today is the one-year anniversary of
the president deciding that the u.s. is
going to get out of the Paris climate
record and Axios is a me harder who
covers energy she does her weekly harder
line energy column that we sometimes
talk about here picked up on the fact
that the Pope had invited a number of
energy companies to this Vatican meeting
several have accepted and the fact that
a the post is the Pope is willing to do
this is using his progressive instincts
and B the fact that these oil giants and
these energy investors want to engage in
this way shows the way that the
conversation is moving on climate change
well we know that the Pope had taken in
the environment and climate change on
for a number of years we know that this
is
been his big issue his major issue but
how much of a factor is the fact that
president decided to pull out of the
plan with Paris climate Accord being
taken into the Pope's decision to take
this topic on now no that's a great
point we see around the country various
governments state and local governments
hear other governments around the world
saying if the president is gonna be on
the sidelines for this if the president
is gonna pull back like other
institutions are gonna step in and this
is a great example of that Mike let me
ask you it's Friday it's June first we
got the jobs reports coming out what are
some of the other big stories that you
are looking for and not just today but
in the weeks and months ahead yeah so
looking ahead the President and Axios
right now we have a globe that's been
turned into a Rubik's Cube because the
president has so much on his plate he
has two nuclear standoffs that he's
looking at Iran and North Korea and in
addition to that there are early
beginnings of a trade war on multiple
fronts as we've been seeing here and
throw into that the distraction of an
investigation a hot summer ahead indeed
it is Mike Allen live for us in
Washington DC appreciate it as always
we'll see you back on Morning Joe in
just a few minutes also we're gonna be
reading Axios a.m. in just a little
while and to all of our viewers out
there as well you can too you too can
sign up for the newsletter by going to
Axios com hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
