well today the president of the United
States began his day by getting in a
fight with the President of the United
States and the president publicly toyed
with the one absolute power of the
presidency the pardon power in order to
pardon
dinesh d'souza a gadfly republican
racist and convicted criminal we will
have more on the president's feverish
approach to pardons with Harvard Law
School professor Lawrence tribe but
first the president's fight with the
president Donald Trump called Donald
Trump corrupt today who was president
Trump's latest demonstration that he can
get his most devoted followers to
believe anything he says even when it is
the opposite of something Donald Trump
has previously said and Donald Trump
seems to count on his followers
inability to remember what he has said
in the past especially if the past is a
full year ago and so this morning Donald
Trump tweeted not that it matters but I
never fired James Comey because of
Russia exclamation point the corrupt
mainstream media loves to keep pushing
that narrative but they know it is not
true exclamation point and here is the
corrupt mainstream media's biggest
pusher of that narrative regardless of
recommendation I was going to fire call
me knowing there was no good time to do
it and in fact when I decided to just do
it I said to myself I said you know this
Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a
made-up story
the firing of James Comey got President
Trump a special prosecutor a special
prosecutor who is investigating the
president for obstruction of justice for
among other things
firing James Comey the firing of James
Comey went so badly for President Trump
that the president has apparently
decided that he cannot fire Attorney
General Jeff Sessions who just yesterday
on Twitter the president said once again
he wishes he had never appointed as his
attorney general The Associated Press is
reporting tonight that the president
threatened to fire jeff Sessions last
summer but was talked out of it by
Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon
who were then his top White House
advisors and Senate Republicans have
reportedly told the president they will
not confirm another Attorney General if
he fires Jeff Sessions and so the
president switched tactics from trying
to fire Jeff Sessions to trying to get
Jeff Sessions to reverse himself on his
recusal from supervising the
investigation of the president earlier
this week the New York Times broke the
news that two days after Jeff Sessions
recused himself president Trump quote
berated mr. sessions and told him he
should reverse his decision and unusual
and potentially inappropriate requests
mr. sessions refused the confrontation
which has not previously been reported
as being investigated by the special
counsel Robert as smaller the third as
are the president's public and private
attacks on mr. sessions and efforts to
get him to resign and tonight Axios
is reporting quote President Trump
pressured Attorney General Jeff Sessions
to reclaim control of the Russia
investigation on at least four separate
occasions three times in person and once
over the phone according to sources
familiar with the conversations Jonathan
swans Axios report says quote the
sustained pressure made several
officials uncomfortable because they
viewed it as improper and worried that
it could be politically and legally
problematic Axios says that trumps
conversations with sessions about
reversing his recusal occurred
throughout last year and that Trump told
sessions he'd be a hero to conservatives
if he did the right thing and took back
control over the Russia investigation
according to two sources with knowledge
of their conversations Trump also told
sessions he'd be a hero if he
investigated Hillary Clinton and today
we got the first taste of the Cohen
tapes as Rachel and I were just
discussing the michael cohen tapes as
was acknowledged in an evidentiary
proceeding in federal court in manhattan
yesterday Donald Trump's former in-house
lawyer Michael Cohen made audio
recordings of some of his conversations
and today National Public Radio
correspondent Tim Mack released on NPR
his audio recording of a threatening
phone call that he Reese
from Michael Kohn about a story that Tim
Mac was writing during the presidential
campaign for The Daily Beast about
Donald Trump's first wife and mother of
his first three children who testified
under oath in her divorce proceedings
but Donald Trump raped her Tim back
published all of the Michael Cohen
threats to him in quotation marks in his
original story in The Daily Beast
but he never released the audio
recording of those threats until now and
you write you might remember some of the
things you're about to hear Michael
Cohen say on this recording but this is
the first time we get to hear Michael
Cohen in action on the phone doing the
job that he was paid to do for Donald
Trump and as you listen to this
recording just imagine just imagine what
we are going to be hearing later this
year when some of Michael Cohen's audio
recordings will surely become public
this voice and this tone that you are
about to hear is probably going to
become very familiar to us Michael Cohen
has children and he decided to drag his
children into a discussion of Donald
Trump raping his first wife
he wasn't finished here is a sample of
the next couple of minutes of the call
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
