I have a great cabinet we have the
greatest economy ever in the history of
our country
so we're very happy with the way things
are running generally speaking that was
a month ago President Trump dodging a
direct question about the fate of his
embattled Attorney General Jeff Sessions
and new reporting from the Washington
Post tonight indicate sessions job is
apparently still very much in doubt
quote President Trump talked recently
with jeff sessions own chief of staff
about replacing sessions as attorney
general according to people briefed on
the conversation signaling that the
president remains keenly interested in
ousting his top law enforcement official
and with us on the telephone tonight one
of the authors of this new report Matt
sabotage key national security reporter
for The Washington Post Matt I know
you're not in the what does this mean
business as much as you're in the report
the facts business but what does it mean
that sessions job and his name were
still in play during this time period
well I think it's just remarkable that
the president has relationship with
sessions is so fractured that he went to
sessions own top aide like the head died
in sessions office and suggests to him
hey would you want to be the Attorney
General when we remove Jeff Sessions
Jeff Sessions essentially is like a
zombie in the Justice Department now no
the president is going to the top guy in
his office and saying hey would you take
this job so that's to to us what is most
remarkable it does seem that sessions
and rod Rosen Stein will likely survive
until the midterms I think the
president's advisers have convinced him
if you make a move before then that
could hurt Republicans chances but after
that I think all bets are off and it's
very likely that sessions goes now this
sessions chief of staff keeping things
polite you would think there would be a
recruitment and vetting process for
next chief law enforcement officer of
our country would his background his
name put him organically on any vetting
list of top five candidates to be
Attorney General
well he's not someone who was really
connected in DC circles he didn't come
from DC big law as many Attorney General
do he was the US attorney in Iowa for a
long time he ran unsuccessfully for the
Senate out there people might know him
best frankly because before he became
Jeff Sessions chief of staff he was a
CNN political commentator legal
commentator is a very conservative guy
he looks the part
he's a next University of Iowa football
player big tough looking guy and we
understand that's part of what is
appealing to him to Trump but he's not a
name that people in connected DC legal
circles would probably know and he's
really a prime the scenes guy as Jeff
Sessions chief of staff job we have a
shot of him in fact behind the Attorney
General mark thank you for your
reporting tonight thank you very much
for joining by joining us by telephone
matza Petoskey forgive me thank you so
much this is the latest piece of
reporting on this relationship between
the president and his still attorney
general let's talk about this tonight
with frankfort loozy former FBI
assistant director for
counterintelligence and david jolly
former republican congressman from the
state of florida which has been in the
news all day for an unrelated and tragic
reason so Frank what does this story in
the post suggest to you this kind of
open round of recruitment especially the
time it's taking place well a couple of
things Brian first I have to say when it
comes to Jeff Sessions the phrase dead
man walking comes to mind I think it's
increasingly looking like he is going to
go after the midterm and then secondly
I've got to think about the political
nature of seeking his replacement so
we're talking about a chief of staff now
about the potential replacement or
someone who's been talked to
about replacing the AG this is not a
typical position from which you pick the
Attorney General of the United States
the chief of staff is someone who has
incredible organization skills
administrative skills rut runs the
office for the Attorney General but not
someone who ascends to that cabinet
level position so then you ask why why
this person and we find the CNN essay
that was written by this man that says
that he believes Muller has approached
the dangerous red line when he started
looking into the finances and the
financial connections between Muller and
Russia
excuse me between the President and
Russia so we have a man who's on record
with a statement that actually could
cause him to have to recuse himself from
this if I'm on the Muller team tonight
I'm increasingly thinking that the
deadline is coming the clock is ticking
and we need to finish this up david
jolly this is such a bizarre story and
politically speaking can the president
not maintain radio silence and keep his
head down on this one job on this one
matter and listen the takeaway from the
Cavanaugh confirmation for Donald Trump
is that the Republicans on the hill will
stick with him through whatever he does
including firing Jeff Sessions and even
if the Democrats take over the house he
already knows he's going to be subject
to investigations so he might as well
get Jeff Sessions out of the way replace
him with the loyalists in the Franks
point this is what the nation needs to
know about Matt Whittaker the chief of
staff John Kelly referred to Matt
Whittaker as the White House's
eyes and ears within the Department of
Justice his essay on CNN as Frank
referred to said that the president's
personal finances were a red line but
also said that the Rosenstein memo
appointing Muller was not as broad as
Muller interprets it to be that the line
that says anything arising out of this
investigation Whittaker suggested that
that should be interpreted in a very
limited scope that is why the White
House wants Whittaker there because he
will do the president's bidding and
possibly shut down this investigation
if Muller hasn't concluded it by the
time he would get there hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lot
some other great videos
