this is just one of those the president
is saying the Sun rose the Sun rises in
the West Ramesh
yeah so if you'll recall when Comey was
fired as director of the FBI the
administration put out as put out a memo
from rod Rosen's team Deputy Attorney
General which was the purported
justification for firing him which laid
out how he had been so unfair to Hillary
Clinton and then Trump himself speaking
to Lester Holt contradicts that and
maybe he has mixed up his own stories
here but for whatever reason he is not
sticking to one story on this cognitive
dissonance is that an is that a defense
or disorganized dishonesty okay he said
it on tape and everyone on the hill
knows because he was not only pressuring
Comey he was also pressuring a number of
the committee chairs on the hill
here's what's happening gained Coates he
was also pressuring Mike Pompeo that
also k-member if you recall that came
though but I can't not help but observe
Chuck that the lies seem to becoming
more frequent and more brazen we all
witnessed over the weekend the president
denying the actual existence of one of
his administration officials who had
just briefed about a hundred people on
the phone and that is I think in part
due to the fact that he is succeeding no
one is calling it on and in fact there's
actually a lot of enablers out there I
saw a column in The Washington Times
over the weekend saying well you know it
in the end when it comes to Russia
investigation the facts actually won't
matter because perception is reality I
would this was one of my questions for
you guys for this panel has the
president successfully already
inoculated himself from the worst of
Muller it's I don't know with his 35
percent the court that was even a
challenge for 13 months I think there
were people who maybe have you think you
could get to the 40 or 45 well like when
Richard Nixon was you know resigning
there was still 25% of the country that
was strongly behind him - there's always
going to be an immovable core that stays
and for them the reality is whatever
Trump says it is so I don't understand
the logic this am unbelievable
contradiction that he keeps
demonstrating if you've already got that
25-30 percent
what is the logic between you know just
brazenly lying and distributing all
kinds of confusing falsehoods when
you're not lying
that that part doesn't make sense and
obviously this whole Spygate thing is
yet another one
you know if he's not helped by the you
know that goes to the conspiracy theory
of the paranoia it does but it's you
have like two members of Congress that
push back on it here
take a listen there is no evidence to
support any allegation that the FBI or
any Intelligence Agency place to spy in
the Trump campaign when the president
says Spygate that's not a there was no
spy
inserted into the campaign have you seen
any evidence of that
I have not that's an espionage term
that's not a law-enforcement term now
interestingly enough Rudy Giuliani
attacked trey Gowdy today over this he
said the following he's drinking the
kool-aid and then he adds I never
understood what he did with Benghazi
either he really screwed that up I don't
know what he was doing obviously if
you're not on the reservation Heidi
you're you don't know what you're doing
you trey gowdy
enablers this gets back to my point it
wouldn't be happening and he couldn't
get away with it if there weren't people
going out and attacking the messengers
and trey gowdy you know Giuliani wasn't
the only one I went on social media
before I came in here and the far-right
newsmagazines were also starting to
attack him you look at Vaughn Hilliard
our own Vaughn Hilliard reporter was out
yeah trey Gowdy out in Tennessee talking
to you know Trump people at the rally
they all really believe this they
believed there was a spy they believe
the Justice Department is corrupt so I
just think that the the entire dispute
over whether a confidential human
informant can be characterized as a spy
is distraction right no that's not the
story what he's saying is infiltrating
he's trying to create he's trying to
paint this as something that it's not
but the yeah I agree with that there's
no evidence that there was an attempt to
undermine the Trump campaign through the
abuse of law enforcement encounter tells
us that I think is right but the too
much of this debate has gotten hung up
on this terminological question of spy
versus something else well this gets at
what should we stop covering because I
the minute he went on this like we all
had this internal meeting like we know
this is a BS story this is gonna go away
in five days but he'll he'll and yet
it'll still leak out there and in mean
he's trying to distract attention from
this crazy Erick print story or this
crate you know that's what we knew that
this is what it was
well we chummy we wrestled with this
after Washington Post before we breaking
this story before it became Spygate and
you know we were recognizing I think is
that the story was not that there was a
spire mole inside the campaign there was
a story however about how the White
House was working with the Republican
head of the House Intelligence Committee
a member of the gang of eight to try and
release information or extract from the
Justice Department to make people think
that there was a mole inside the
campaign and that is astonishing I mean
that is something that we've never seen
right before that's the oversight
process breaking down I mean I think for
journalists it's incumbent upon us to
not pay attention to the distraction and
pay attention to what's actually going
on underneath that that's to me though
the this trap that we're in on those
things yeah well he knows it keeps us
busy right I mean this is this is this
is there's only so many of us who can
cover this story and this is day in and
day out this is the distractions or a
strategy confused by the day-to-day you
know no developments the American people
are very confused and that is why it
allows him to mess it up and confuse
things further yeah I sit there and I
like I do myself like oh if Michael
avenatti comes on I ignore stormy Downs
like that's that's but I know other
people don't and that's a problem and
that's probably makes it that much
easier for the president to do what he's
done keeping a sense of perspective at
this moment which is it's a disorienting
time I think that is a challenge for the
citizenry and for journalism that's for
sure alright guys we'll pause it here
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
