George's hardline conservative Secretary
of State has been kind of a pioneer in
ways to make voting harder in Georgia
his office has been really gung-ho about
canceling people's voter registrations
in that state his office canceled over
600,000 voter registrations last year
alone think about that 600,000 people
who thought they were registered he
canceled him they've been closing voting
precincts often in poor and minority
districts he's been doing this kind of
thing since we started covering him
years ago this year however that
hardline elections official that
Republican Secretary of State Brian Kemp
is not just the state of Georgia's
hardline top elections official this
year he's also running for the state's
highest office Republican Secretary of
State Brian Kemp is running against
Democrat Stacey Abrams to become Georgia
governor this year and that means that
Secretary of State Brian camp is now in
charge of an election in which he is
running at the top of the ticket what
could possibly go wrong tonight The
Associated Press reports that more than
53,000 voter registration applications
are sitting in a desk drawer at the
Georgia Secretary of State's office on
hold so these are applications from
people who are trying to register to
vote this year many of these tens of
thousands of voter applications are
being held and not processed by Kemp's
office because of a system he's
implemented called exact match which
means if you like you know drop a hyphen
in your last name or somebody the
elections office types in your
information with one letter wrong so
that it doesn't match information
already on file with the state well your
application is put on hold indefinitely
and the state doesn't tell you how to
fix it if it even tells you the
application is on hold at all you may or
may not be surprised to hear that this
system of exact matching affects certain
groups of Georgians more than others
quote an analysis of the records
obtained by the AP reveals racial
disparity in the process Georgia's
population is approximately 32% black
but the list of voter registrations on
hold with Kemp's
office is nearly 70% black oh it's
affecting black Georgians at more than
double the rate of their prevalence in
the population this would be a flashing
red light story less than a month out
from any election but especially
approaching they get the Georgia
governor's race polls in that race show
a toss-up 53,000 votes is a lot of votes
and erase that close and again these are
people who have filled out the
application who are trying to be
registered to vote
many of these people may not even know
that their effort was not successful the
Democratic candidate Stacey Abrams the
first black woman major Party nominee
for governor in American history
particularly her campaign strategy
explicitly depends on turning out black
voters and registering new voters and
her opponent Brian Kemp is the
Republican Secretary of State who's
holding up 53,000 voter applications in
his office you know past Georgia
secretaries of state who have run for
governor have stepped down from being
Secretary of State in order to run
because it's a bad look to be in charge
of the integrity of your own election
right but Brian Kemp it's not stepping
down he's staying in charge saying
everything is just fine you can
absolutely trust him if you are a
Georgia voter and your registration is
in limbo on Election Day you can still
cast a provisional ballot which I
suppose may be counted eventually once
your application is processed if it is
processed but this is the situation in
Georgia right now 26 days before the
election and honestly this is outrageous
enough that it seems almost impossible
that the courts will allow this to stand
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
