take us inside this room here what would
the grand jury be seeing be hearing etc
what's the typical process that would be
unfolding well prosecutors have very
broad latitude in the types of evidence
that they can present to grand jurors of
course defense attorneys aren't allowed
sort of behind those closed doors so
it's quite a secretive process and
there's an old saying amongst criminal
defense attorneys that you can indict a
ham sandwich halle so you know we're not
exactly sure what type of evidence that
was the question here is that as you
said they threw the book at him he's
being indicted on three counts carrying
possibility of 25 years behind bars and
the question is whether or not they can
now convince a criminal jury of these
charges that that's the bigger question
how well so here's the question Jim
because you got Harvey Weinstein's
attorney who says if this case proceeds
to trial he expects weinstein to be
acquitted if this goes to trial is there
any doubt in your mind that that's where
this thing is headed there is a doubt in
my mind and I think I take the minority
view on this you know Ben Brafman who
you alluded to they're very prominent
criminal defense attorney here in New
York he defended Dominique strauss-kahn
we all remember that you know he's
talking a big game here but I think he's
really taking a play out of Tom Mesereau
Handbook of course he was the attorney
that represented Bill Cosby in his
second trial that didn't turn out so
well for them Bronfman is really taking
sort of this old-school look at things a
premie to movement he said that you know
the casting couch wasn't invented by
Harvey Weinstein well that what that is
is an attack on the victim's credibility
here and he's gonna face the Bill Cosby
dilemma which I call which is that there
are going to be prior victims alleged
victims lined up outside of the doorway
to testify against Harvey Weinstein and
the question is whether or not a judge
will allow that type of prior bad acts
evidence into any trial I think he'd be
a fool to go to trial he should try to
negotiate a deal and take what he can
get Manhattan da Sai van said this after
the indictment was announced he said
this indictment brings the defendant
another step closer to accountability
for the crimes of violence with which he
is now charged our office will try this
case not in the press but in the
courtroom where it belongs Francis of
course has been criticized for not
prosecuting Weinstein in connection with
to Mohammed 2015 sexual assault
allegation
I'm clearly different now what'd he make
of that yeah I mean obviously he's
taking a shot up Rafa in there who is
sort of no stranger to the cameras he is
trying his case sort of you know amongst
the press here look it's no secret that
bands came under enormous criticism when
that tape at ombre bottle on a Gutierrez
case she had been working with the NYPD
there was a rift between the NYPD at the
time and the Manhattan DA's office where
you know Vance chose not to move forward
with that criminal prosecution even
presented with this evidence you know we
all heard that recording where Harvey
Weinstein essentially admitted to a
groping on burbot Alana Gutierrez he
said she said you touched my breasts he
said oh I'm used to it and yet side
Vance couldn't move forward with the
prosecution and people were saying why
not what was the reason well now all of
a sudden we have the me2 movement
science is coming back he's coming back
hard trying to get back in the public's
good graces but we'll see where where's
the Syrah goes it sounds like he has
some pretty good evidence here thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
