Secretary of State Mike Pompeo met with
North Korean vice chairman Kim Yong Cole
last night in a government-owned
apartment in New York City pictures were
provided by the State Department no
press allowed in the dinner meeting
which lasted just under an hour and a
half is part of the background leading
to the Trump Kim summit which may or may
not still be on pump a land call are
said to have more meetings today and
Pompeyo will speak to the press this
afternoon join the table we have NBC
News chief foreign affairs correspondent
and host of entry Mitchell reports
Andrea Mitchell good to have you on
thank you good to be here so what is it
I mean what do we know about what
happened at the dinner meetings and
Trump keeps going back and forth on
whether or not this will happen if he
certainly want it to happen
State Department official was talking to
us do they without agreeing to be
revealed the name could not be revealed
but this official was telling us that
the president wants to make history yet
the there is a great deal of
disagreement they've got a lot to
discuss clearly there is a framework
there they've been working on a
communique in the DMZ American officials
and their counterparts experts here but
in these talks today they've got to nail
it down these less than two weeks left
and the agreement seems to be on some
sort of phased in denuclearization but
what does that mean and according to the
best experts not only the CIA analysis
that we saw NBC was you know able to get
briefed on just to the last couple of
days but the sink Hecker at Stanford he
and his team a former director of Los
Alamos is they've been he's been there
with more than 30 times he has seen the
tunnels and they've got thousands and
thousands of people over seven decades
that are part of this armed system
nuclear and missile technology plutonium
as well as uranium they've cheated on
every other American president everyone
who's tried to make a deal with them so
how do they get a verifiable agreement
what seems to be indicated is that
there's disagreement among the
president's own team and they seem to be
you know wavering back and forth does it
have to be all up front now I think it's
very clear that it will be phased in
some kind of arms control agreement more
traditional arms control agreement each
side giving a little but I would bet
right now they want this someone to take
place in Singapore on June 12th
were you surprised as many people angry
to hear the word said out loud the
president wants to make history that's
not usually a starting point for a
negotiation and diplomacy they're
raising expectations again and when we
said what's changed since the
president's letter last week breaking it
all off and Pompeyo saying you know
we're getting dial tones they stood us
up in Singapore that the logistics
meeting what's changed they said the
letter in response from a top North
Korean official representing Kim Jong on
the letter back they this official said
we've never seen a letter like that they
clearly it was so conciliatory that they
realized that they had screwed up was
the words he used they had screwed up by
being so harsh by you know just missing
vice president pets and demeaning US
officials and being so rhetorically
tough last week that they've gone too
far
yeah I think what you said is so right I
mean the most important thing is the
president wants to go so if you're a
betting person right now will it happen
will it not which we go on every other
day I'd say of course it's gonna happen
I mean he wants to be there he wants to
strut in I can it's hard to picture him
with briefing books going over there
that's what most presidents do right
there Laden down by I'm reading the
whole history of Korea reading is not
his thing
it may happen and it may be phased in as
you said but they still have Pompeo out
there saying very clearly on the sunday
shows a few weeks ago complete
denuclearization is complete
denuclearization there's no other
possible ending of this than that and
that may become don't you think a bit of
a rock and a hard place for the twosome
and in fact there's a difference between
the hardline of from Pompeo which is
veering more towards the diplomatic side
and john bolton who is you know mister
regime change and also on the other side
you've got Jim mattis who really wants
some kind of agreement because
he and people in the Pentagon know they
cannot win a war I mean any kind of
military exchange is gonna lead to
hundreds of thousands of deaths even if
it's even if it's only conventional in
terms of soul and one thing that is very
clear now is they're really nervous
about president moon in South Korea they
think he is too far forward he wants it
too much he ran on this and they're
concerned that he is more aligned with
Kim jong-un now they had that unusual
Saturday get-together where they met
very quickly on a moment's notice they
got together to try to put this thing
back on track so the concern and the
American side is that moon and Kim Jong
on are too tied together and moon may
well show up in Singapore this could be
a three-way soon all right thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
