joining us now Republican senator from
Utah Mike Lee the Senators book written
out of history the forgotten founders
who fought big government is now out in
paperback and Senator it's good to have
you on the show this morning yeah
Michael it's great talking to you I've
got to say you've never been afraid to
take unpopular decisions and this book
is really you're no different in this
book actually siding with Aaron Burr
kind of coping against a cultural gray
and historical grain of the past
I don't two hundred years ago but you
say there Aaron Burr was an early
defender of small government tell us
about it yeah he was you know Aaron Burr
is known by many Americans today based
on how he's portrayed in the Broadway
hit Hamilton and what he did he didn't
kill this was a teach-in Shawn movie
he's got him right you know right across
the river here yeah that is an important
point to remember one of the points I
devote a chapter to him because he's
more complicated than that he's a more
nuanced character he's not all bad you
know as vice president under Thomas
Jefferson's first term Aaron Burr served
as a defender of the rights of the
accused particularly those who had been
accused of by Jefferson and his allies
this is one of the things that made
Jefferson angry and one of the things
some people speculate that led to him
becoming a political enemy and target of
Jefferson during Jefferson's second term
in office when Aaron Burr no longer had
the luxury of being the vice president
and so this man is interesting and also
his of his victimization you might say
by Thomas Jefferson during his second
administration shows us that even a
great founder the author of the
Declaration of Independence like Thomas
Jefferson can end up becoming
power-hungry and can end up overreaching
in office it's one of the reasons why we
need to have constraints that limit the
power of individual people within our
federal system isn't it fascinating
though reading your book reading other
obviously other
books that that study the first 30 years
of the Republic when we sort of feel
like our founders descended from you
know the clouds and and gave us stone
tablets they were having the same exact
fights whether you talk about Jefferson
and Hamilton in Washington's cabinet or
you talk about as you said Jefferson and
burr are Jefferson and Adams I mean that
creative tension is what made this
government work Matt yeah we go back to
the Federalist Papers Madison's view and
Hamilton's view but they synthesized and
created an extraordinary document that's
exactly right and one of the things that
we have to remember is as you say Joe
there are very few debates that are
truly new when it comes to this eyes the
scope with the structure of our federal
government sure the context has changed
the parameters have changed a little bit
but the same basic discussion is very
very similar to what it was then and now
and then I think it's been important to
focus on the fact that governments
operate only by force and we don't have
access to angels or to immortal super
beings to govern over us that part has
to be done by humans and that's why
we've got to be very careful about power
that's a key focus of written out of
history and it's in that the genius of
Madison who understood checks and
balances and let me ask you as somebody
I'm sure who like me grew up reading
Madison and thanking God that Madison
was there at the founding aren't you
concerned that Donald wrong because I
certainly am the Donald Trump does not
respect does Madisonian checks and
balances as much as the 44 presidents
who preceded him look I don't think any
of the 44 presidents who preceded our
current president were angels in fact we
know that they were not right and that's
why it's important in every era to do
this and what we've seen Joe over the
last 80 years makes it even more
concerning than it has had been
previously because of the fact that
we've had a Congress who contrary to
Madison's expectation
been unwilling to defend its power to
jealously guard the authority of the
Constitution grants to this Congress in
fact listen I can't legally I completely
agree with you senator and that's
exactly what I would love to see
Congress do right now
it's been so long since you all have
even had regular order hasn't it yes
long since we've had regular order and
it's one of the reasons why a couple of
years ago I got together with a few of
my colleagues in the house and in the
Senate and we put together something
called the article 1 project and the
idea of the article 1 project was to
identify areas in which Congress has
just categorically relinquished its
authority you know we've seen it in
regulatory policy where we'll pass
something saying we hereby delegate to
agency X the power to make good law and
agency Y and in in area y and and then
that's the end of it we see it in trade
authority it's one of the reasons why we
came up with the global trade
Accountability Act the purpose of which
is to say when a president or somebody
in the executive branch takes an action
that could start a trade war Congress
should have to affirmatively vote those
things into law rather than giving them
away to the executive branch it was
always intended that Congress exercised
this authority and not that it be
exercised unilaterally within the
executive branch yeah and and or sets in
part what we're talking about all the
battle the executive orders that one
president signs and the next can reverse
I've been listening to the senator I I
am struck thinking about how there
always was that give-and-take there was
that Paul there was but at the end of
the day there was a pragmatism that
brought the two sides together just like
I'm rereading Sandberg's Lincoln
oh yeah it's remarkable to see the
Abraham Lincoln at the beginning of the
Civil War because he knew that the
public wasn't there basically say hey
this is not about slavery hey I just
want to save the Union
I just want to save the Union if freeing
slaves saves the Union I'll save the
Union if keeping slavery saves the Union
I'll save the Union and then when he get
a chance as he move forward he moved his
position but it was always this
pragmatic give-and-take
until he
realized he could have the Emancipation
Proclamation absolutely I mean he
understood he said with public sentiment
anything is possible
without it nothing is possible so he
knew as a leader that you had to move in
step with people and then when you could
take a chance as he did with the
Emancipation Proclamation you have to
educate the country as to why he had the
power to do that he had the power
because his commander-in-chief the
slaves were being used to help the
Confederacy so he had more necessity on
his side he finally came to that
realization and he knew that it was a
big chance he knew that people were
going to be against it but he was able
to use his words again his words to
mobilize public opinion well and words
hopefully driven by the truth and
senator I I'm not trying to put you in a
bad position but I just want to make
sure that we're having a real
conversation here and I'll make this
really easy does the President of the
United States ever push the limits of
the truth I I think all presidents of
the United States certainly pushed the
limits of the law as to whether any
particular president pushes the limits
of the truth I think we've seen that in
presidents of both political parties in
recent years that's one of the reasons
why one of powers is so important it's
one of the reasons why I wrote this book
written out of history warns people
against the excessive accumulation of
power in the hands of the few
look we believe in trusting our neighbor
but also cutting the cards and nowhere
is that more true than among in between
the three branches of the federal
government Congress was always set up
and designed to be the most dangerous
branch and yet Congress has become this
timid animal that has deliberately
outsourced its authority to the other
two branches this is a problem but it's
got to be reined in wouldn't you
wouldn't you press that problem by
speaking truth to power sometimes even
if it's within your own party and your
president not speaking the truth oh sure
sure absolutely and that's something I
try to do every single day and it's one
of the reasons why I've spoken out
against for example the abuse of trade
Authority and one of the reasons why I
have pushed the global trade
Accountability Act one of the reasons
why I've pushed the reins act is to pull
that power back to where it belongs back
to the people's branch the branch of the
people that it's a lected by the people
with the most regular intervals and
that's why the most dangerous powers are
entrusted Congress also one of the
reasons why it's so bad when we diffused
those powers into other branches less
accountable to the people senator Lee
it's willie Geist it's good to see this
morning when I asked you about the race
in your state for the next senator to
join you up there on Capitol Hill Mitt
Romney obviously the favorite to join
you he said yesterday that he did not
vote for Donald Trump he said he wrote
in his wife and Romney for the 2016
presidential election she what I wish I
would instead of jail she would be great
do you do you expect to in make an
endorsement in this race and if so why
haven't you done it already I expect to
make an endorsement after the primary
has concluded I typically don't endorse
in primaries within my own state that
said the polling in this case in that
particular race has been pretty strong
in favor of mr. Romney I did the last
poll I saw about a week ago I had him at
about seventy thirty I believe the
primary is just under a month away so
he's widely expected to win this so you
support him to be the next senator from
Utah I support whoever wins that primary
and at this point it appears very likely
to be him but you think Romney be a good
senator oh sure sure
I think Mike Kennedy his opponent would
also be a good senator at this point it
appears overwhelmingly that the odds are
missed with mr. Romney all right the
paper book version of written out of
history is available now Mike thank you
so much for being with a Senator Mike
Lee and coming up next we've got
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Kim
Jong Un's top aide meeting in New York
today after dining together last night
we've got NBC's Andrea Mitchell here to
discuss the ongoing nuclear talks coming
up next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
