day 496 of the Trump administration and
we have breaking news that raises new
questions about the circumstances
surrounding this president's firing of
former FBI director James Comey this was
May of last year the report comes from
the New York Times one of the co-authors
Matt Apuzzo standing by to join us The
Times tells it this way quote former
acting FBI director Andrew G McCabe
wrote a confidential memo last spring
recounting a conversation that offered
significant behind-the-scenes details on
the firing of mr. McCabe's predecessor
James Comey according to several people
familiar with the discussion in the
document whose contents have not been
previously reported Mr McCabe described
a conversation at the Justice Department
with the Deputy Attorney General Roger
Rosenstein in the chaotic days last May
after mr. commis abrupt firing mr.
Rosenstein played a key role in the
dismissal writing a memo that rebuked
mr. Comey over his handling of an
investigation into Hillary Clinton but
in the meeting at the Justice Department
mr. Rosen Stein added a new detail he
said the president had originally asked
him to reference Russia in his memo the
people familiar with the conversation
said The Times adds mccabe has turned
over his memo to special counsel robert
muller you may recall Andrew McCabe was
the focus of relentless attacks personal
attacks from President Trump as part of
his strategy to discredit the Russia
investigation McCabe was fired in March
after an internal investigation at the
bureau in response to his firing mccabe
issued a statement saying in part quote
I am being singled out and treated this
way because of the role I played the
actions I took and this is important the
events I witnessed in the aftermath of
the firing of James Comey the release of
this report was accelerated only after
my testimony to the House Intelligence
Committee revealed that I would
corroborate former director Comey's
accounts of his discussions with the
president well also tonight there is
mounting tension tension between Trump
and his attorney general Jeff Sessions
sessions was at the
house today there he is exiting so far
no information on why he was there who
we met with a New York Times report says
the president who had been stewing over
sessions decision to recuse himself from
the entire Russia investigation had
asked indeed that sessions reversed that
decision and get re involved well
earlier today retiring Republican
congressman trey Gowdy offered up this
explanation for president Trump's
thinking if I were the president and I
picked someone to be the country's chief
law enforcement officer and they told me
later oh by the way I'm not going to be
able to participate in the most
important case in the office I would be
frustrated too that's how I read that is
senator sessions why didn't you tell me
this before I picked you there are lots
of really good lawyers in the country he
could have picked someone else well
guess who was watching the president
clearly agreed with that shortly after
the interview we sent several messages
on Twitter directly quoting trey Gowdy
and ended with and I wish I did meaning
he wishes he'd chosen someone else as
his AG the president's main spokesman
for his legal effort on all things
Russia had an update today on a
potential Trump Muller sit-down
interview Rudy Giuliani telling NBC News
he's doing practice Q&A sessions with
the president evenings during the week
as negotiations for a sit-down continue
and Giuliani also laid down something of
a deadline for the special counsel
people should have an answer even if
they do of they put together whatever
the heck they have interview and no
interview by September first the public
should have an explanation of what MoMA
has I really want that because I don't
think he has much Rudy Giuliani along
with the president and his allies are
trying to sow doubt about the
investigation by talking up the idea
that the FBI planted a spy in the
campaign maybe more than one but
certainly a history-making infiltration
of the campaign and there of course is
zero proof of any of that just a few
hours ago Giuliani was out talking again
this time insisting the Trump legal team
see documents related to the FBI Russia
inquiry before
any decisions are made about an
interview I'm not gonna let my client
testify the president United States even
if he wants to without those documents
being produced if and when we find that
this was handled appropriately and and
there's some evidence on which they
could base this phony investigation
well we haven't testified but you've got
a group there that that's a lynch
lynching mob so let them do their job
and boy we're ready to knock the heck
out of you with our report on that note
let's bring in our leadoff panel for a
Wednesday evening Robert Costa national
political reporter for The Washington
Post moderator of Washington week on PBS
Shannon petty peace White House
correspondent for Bloomberg and the
aforementioned Matt Apuzzo two-time
Pulitzer Prize winning reporter with the
New York Times and we might add among
the emerging stars of the new
journalistically addictive series the
Fourth Estate a year in the life of the
New York Times presently airing on
Showtime and Matt I'll begin with you
not just because of your star turn on
that series but because of what you've
published tonight talk about your
reporting and more specifically Andrew
McCabe's possible fears in real time of
what it was he was witnessing and it
turns out he foreshadowed this in his
resignation absolutely and of course if
you go back to last year in the
aftermath of the Comey firing the White
House was pointing to this memo by rod
Rosen Stein saying look this is all
about commis handling of the clinton
investigation he wasn't fair to hillary
clinton he was talking to publicly about
an ongoing investigation and and that's
out of line and that was the official
White House line for about 24 hours and
then of course the president went on NBC
News and talk to Lester Holt and said
well you know I already made up my mind
even before I saw that memo and I was
thinking about Russia and what what a
phony made-up thing that was and if you
have that as your backdrop and mccabe
goes into this meeting of the Justice
Department it's a it's a it's a crowded
meeting and Rosen Stein is telling his
version of the story and he says well as
a matter of fact
the president originally asked me to
mention Russia in the memo but but I
didn't think that was a good idea and I
didn't do that so - - McCabe as we
understand it the memo was there to
write down like hey this may not have
actually been about Hillary Clinton
there may have been some Russia interest
going on here and I think that this
firing of of Jim Comey and the question
of what was the president's intent in
firing Jim Comey's at the heart of what
Bob Mel are still looking at right now
so Matt I can't quite tell without a
whiteboard where does this leave rod
Rosenstein visa vie the Trump
administration is he in fashion out of
fashion or same I you know it's funny I
think he's same in terms of where he
stands with the president but what's
interesting is our reporting shows that
the president's lawyers are actually
pointing to Rod Rosenstein in their own
defense now saying there's no way that
we could have been trying to obstruct
justice because look rod Rosen Stein
agreed with us that Comey needed to go
and so now you've got the Deputy
Attorney General who is supervising an
investigation into the president the
president is pointing at Rod Rosenstein
as evidence that he's innocent and rod
Rosenstein may be the one to decide
whether that argument has merits so a
lot of circular arrows going on Shannon
because perhaps it originated it aired
from this building because people regard
it as the original sin and because it's
right there on video I want to show you
in our audience just one more time the
president on why he fired Comey and will
talk about it on the other side I was
going to fire regardless of records so
it was really relevant
he made a recommendation he's highly
respected very good guy very smart guy
the Democrats like him the Republicans
like him he made a recommendation but
regardless of recommendation I was going
to fire call me knowing there was no
good time to do it and in fact when I
decided to just do it I said to myself I
said you know this Russia thing with
Trump and Russia is a made-up story well
there you have a chant on this Russia
thing and that continues to haunt and
bedevil this West Wing there is a lot of
concern right now around
obstruction investigation based on our
reporting and what we're hearing from
people close to the president that there
could really be a risk of obstruction
here and and not necessarily obstruction
in a criminal sense because there is
this issue of you julio can indict a
sitting president according to Justice
Department guidelines but obstruction in
an impeachment sense because you get
into interpretation you get into intent
if you're talking about impeachment you
get into high crimes and misdemeanors
which is a you know which is a fudgie
term so there is actually really concern
right now that we are hearing and I feel
like I'm hearing it increasingly that
there might really be something to this
obstruction investigation and to Matt's
point about Rosenstein I'm hearing that
more and more from the president's
allies that Rosenstein has actually
become a key witness that though no this
wasn't about Russia this was about
everything else because there was this
media at the White House and and so many
issues with Comey was discussed and
Rosenstein was there yet Rosen Stein has
overseen this investigation so there's a
conflict and maybe at some point they
can you know the president's attorneys
can raise an issue that well he is
conflicted here because he was a witness
and now he's overseen the investigation
and maybe find that as a way to funnel
him out so I I still think really keep
our eye on Rosen Stein and I think
really keep our ear out for anything an
obstruction I feel like those two
threads are starting to pick up a lot
right now hey Bob add to this visa vie
you're reporting what we've just heard
this kind of slow motion car crash the
length of Washington DC and the mall
when you look at the president's
relationship with Attorney General Jeff
Sessions of this whole precedent with
James Comey in the firing in 2017 hangs
over the current situation with the AG
you have the president being advised to
not fire sessions to not risk any kind
of obstruction question at this point
but he's made it clear to the Attorney
General privately he'd like to see him
gone or to resign now it's moved more
publicly it's been public in the past
trying to push the AG out of office and
they're trying to avoid the president
forcing him out of office
but the president's frustrations are
growing daily because he Giuliani and
others are saying to him you need to
have an attorney general the chief law
enforcement officer of this country who
can have some
kind of role in the biggest issue facing
your presidency which is the Muller
investigation they don't care that this
is the Attorney General's dream job they
don't care about his efforts anymore at
the White House and immigration they
know he's in line with the president
ideologically but they want a defender
on the probe
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
