another fringe benefit to being in
politics if you are also in crime is
that depending on what kind of charges
you're facing and depending on how many
other people you might conceivably bring
down with you as you are going down
sometimes people will set up legal
defense funds for you to help you pay
your legal fees again if you drive a bus
or sell lawn mowers for a living and you
get caught up in some sort of criminal
enterprise not likely to happen but with
public figures the people caught up in
politically tinged scandals stuff
related to politicians it's kind of a
common thing and that's that that's
that's nice it's another thing that is
sort of an added benefit about being in
a public corruption scandal but legal
defense funds often also end up being
super shady or at least they have a
history of themselves becoming magnets
for scandal for example in the
iran-contra scandal in the Reagan
administration one of the people who
ended up pleading guilty in conjunction
with that sprawling scandal was a
retired Air Force general named Richard
Secord Richard Secord once he started to
realize that he was in pretty serious
trouble he solicited donations to a
Legal Defense Fund he he specifically
wrote to hundreds of Special Forces
units in the military personally asking
active-duty service members to donate to
his legal defense he signed more than
1,200 of those letters by hand asking
people in the military to give him money
for his legal-defense it was a little
weird I mean Richard Secord appeared to
profit quite handsomely himself from the
Iranian arms sales that were at the
heart of the iran-contra scandal he had
recently bought himself not only a new
Porsche but also a new private plane
nice but still he pled poverty and
specifically targeted members of the
military to help pay for his legal fees
set up this legal defense fund send out
all those blind requests for cash but
then very quickly it got very seriously
weird former Defense Department official
Noah Cook revealed today he had resigned
last week as head of general Richard C
cords Legal Defense Fund Cooke said he
quit after the
received three anonymous deposits
totaling $500,000 the money came from a
Swiss company that managed funds for
arms dealer Albert Hakeem and for Secord
himself all those secrets that he knew
nothing about the contribution Cook said
he was concerned that it was improper
for general Secord you'd have to assume
that there was numbers of that magnitude
from that particular source from from a
Swiss bank had a peculiar odor to it a
peculiar odor you know it's bad when
your own lawyer running your own legal
defense fund quits and walks away to try
to keep the stench of your legal defense
fund off of him we still don't exactly
know where that half million dollars for
Richard Secord Legal Defense Fund came
from but it was from a Swiss bank where
Secord and his Iranian arms dealer
friend had in fact stashed millions of
dollars that they had found for
themselves in the middle of that scheme
as I mentioned Richard Secord later pled
guilty in that scandal legal defense
funds are supposed to help people who
have been caught up in a scandal but
they can themselves be a scandal they
can be okay opaque if you're not careful
they can very easily become slush funds
where you take in money from people you
shouldn't be taking in money from you
pay it out people who shouldn't be
getting paid even when you do it super
carefully and try to be completely
aboveboard something rotten always
happens with these things in the
Whitewater scandal in the Clinton years
the Clinton administration set up a
legal defense fund and they dotted all
their eyes and crossed all their T's
they did it all quite openly they made a
big public announcement about the
details of the fund there was nothing
secretive about it they appointed
independent trustees to manage it they
made clear they would refuse to take any
money from any lobbyists or anyone in
any foreign country they even set a low
cap a low dollar amount cap for how much
any one person could contribute so
nobody could give a gazillion dollars to
the president's legal defense as a way
of of currying favor with the president
even still even in that case as we have
covered before here on the show that
whitewater Legal Defense Fund and did up
with the mini scandal in the case of
fund it was when a whole bunch of
American followers of an obscure
Taiwanese religious cult banded together
to stuff over $600,000 into the
Whitewater Legal Defense Fund right
there was this individual cap for how
much any one person could give but you
know and there were all these other
rules but one guy basically bundled all
the money from all the followers of this
cult it kind of felt like it was part of
a major international money laundering
operation it definitely was part of a
really weird cult and the Clinton Legal
Defense Fund ended up embroiled in its
own mini scandal about that money and
ended up giving all that money back so
even when you try to do it right even
when you set one of these things up
cognizant of the dangers it is very hard
not to end up in a mess in in Watergate
Nixon stepped in at a million different
ways he tried to pay some of the legal
fees of his watergate henchman at one
point with with campaign funds with
campaign funds from the committee to
re-elect the president then they figured
out it might look bad to do with
campaign funds so that nixon was gonna
pay their legal fees himself out of his
own pocket and it turned out Nixon
thought he maybe knew a guy who could
pay for the legal defense of these guys
there's a million different ways these
things can go wrong in the current
scandal facing this president so far we
have had the Republican National
Committee national Republican Party or
the Trump reelection campaign at times
picking up the legal bills for the
billionaire president himself and for
his eldest son for hope Hicks apparently
she's having Republican donors pay for
her legal fees maybe even the legal
defense for Michael Cohen has been
funded by Republican donors now you
might remember a few months ago the
White House did set up a sort of
amorphous lee defined legal defense fund
that so far has made no disclosures as
to what kind of money it's taken in if
any legally it also seems to have no
official mechanism for dispersing any
funds either so we don't really have any
idea what's going on there despite that
strange seemingly dead end effort at
setting up a white house based legal
defense fund a small group of Trump
adjacent figures who've been caught up
in the Russia scandal have also started
setting up their own funds you might
remember Rick
ates had one before he decided to plead
guilty he got in trouble with the court
at one point for making this weird
hostage video Skype didn't statement to
a fundraiser that had been called on his
behalf
fundraiser itself was weird it seemed to
have been attended mostly by journalists
who were there wondering who else would
turn up and then at one point they all
realized they were all just writing
about each other Michael Flynn has pled
guilty he's awaiting sentencing while he
cooperates with prosecutors he too has
set up a public facing Legal Defense
Fund but now today there's a new one
it's sort of well it just seems a little
off kilter a strange new Legal Defense
Fund for Donald Trump for president
campaign Chairman Paul Manafort
now I need to tell you we don't know
exactly who set this up part of me
thinks it might be a prank the
Washington Post reports tonight that it
looks like it was initially registered
as a web domain right after Christmas
and that it was updated somehow in late
February but today it went live today
unnamed an unknown self-described
long-term friends of Paul Manafort put
out a statement announcing the existence
of this website and this route what
purports to be this fund I say it seems
like it could potentially be a prank or
a stunt or it's at least a little
strange in part because this website
that they launched today this Paul
Manafort defense fund kind of feels like
it was cheaply translated from some
other language quote let's band together
and allow Paul's position to be fully
expressed and create an even playing
field in English playing field is two
words and somebody expressing their
position doesn't make sense in this
context but what I mean who knows some
of this is probably just inevitably
unavoidably awkward there's a section of
this website that tries to define Paul
Manafort s-- lifetime of service to the
United States Paul has spent his life
advancing American ideals and principles
that may or may not be an effective plea
to donors but it doesn't quite reflect
the spirit of what Paul Manta Ford is on
trial for which is among other things
lots of tax evasion and money laundering
related to his time working for the
pro-russia party of regions in Ukraine
and its successor the hardline
anti-american anti-western opposition
bloc which is what man affords clients
in Ukraine had to rename themselves
after their previous leader fled to
Russia for Putin's protection and to
avoid angry mobs in his own streets this
is not somebody for whom it is easy to
concoct a tale of all American patriotic
service but even still a lot of this
makes no sense
look quote President Ronald Reagan
appointed Paul as a director a member of
overseas Private Investment Corporation
Paul quote acted as liaison between the
White House international and national
security and energy related departments
Oh ladies lingerie hoses and implements
energy related departments international
and that I mean I get nobody's admitting
to setting this up nobody is putting
their name out there as the longtime
friends of Paul Manafort who have
established this website and what
appears to be this fundraising effort
for him but there they definitely say
they're taking money quote checks and
money orders should be made payable to
the Legal Defense Fund irrevocable trust
and and mailed to this random Pio box
and Clifton New Jersey notice they're
setting you up for maximum and anima T
here the name of the entity they want
you to make your payment to is
completely generic Legal Defense Fund
irrevocable trust that turns up in your
check register is everybody going to
know what that is certainly doesn't
mention the name Paul Manafort they also
insist repeatedly in bold quote the
trust will maintain strict
confidentiality of the identity and
information of those who choose to
contribute crucially they do not suggest
that donations should be limited by any
particular cap they with if they say
they'll happy to accept donations quote
in any amount and you know if by any
chance you're reading this in a foreign
country perhaps the one in which this
was drafted the only warning that you
get as a potential foreign donor is
quote donations from foreign individuals
corporations and other entities are
subject to public reporting I mean at
least the Mike Flynn Legal Defense Fund
says they're not going to take foreign
donations Paul Manafort says no such
thing you know part of the the that
peculiar odor emanating from Richard
Secord legal defense fund back in the
iran-contra days was the the lack of any
identifying information that accompanied
those gigantic donations to Secord from
Swiss bank accounts where he and his
co-conspirators in that international
scheme had stashed some of their
ill-gotten gains I don't know who set up
the do not say Paul Manafort legal
defense fund irrevocable trust and
started soliciting donations for it
today with this this myspace website but
it really does appear to be a pretty
slapdash effort a lot of the idiom in
this thing is super-weird
and there's no reason to think we will
ever have any disclosure as to who set
up this little anonymous Legal Defense
Fund and who fills it up with money for
for Paul manna for its use they do take
credit cards they take checks they take
money orders presumably you can just
drop off some jewelry you want to pawn
and the new mysterious Manta fort Legal
Defense Fund has opened up today on a
day when things are otherwise moving
ahead now newly quickly in this scandal
and we've got plenty on that ahead stay
with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
