Roseanne Barr insisted today that she
has been unfairly maligned quote I am a
fighter for fairness in all aspects of
us life I am tired of being smeared over
a stupid mistake
erasing 30 years of activism but in
recent years what Barr calls activism
includes a record of both racism Valerie
Jarrett was not the first black woman
she compared to an ape and of pushing
wild conspiracy theories direct from the
foul list corners of right wing fever
swamps this year she has repeatedly
promoted q and on the pro-trump
conspiracy theory that makes pizza gate
look tame which claims that Trump had
secretly ordered the mass arrests of top
Democrats involved in a massive satanic
child sex trafficking ring well with
true which of course it's not just
yesterday Barr falsely and repugnantly
accused George Soros who survived the
Nazi occupation of Hungary as a young
Jewish teenager of being a Nazi who
quote turned in his fellow Jews to be
murdered in German concentration camps
and stole their wealth and Rosana is not
an outlier okay the president's own son
one should note Don junior retweeted
Rosanne bars shameful attacks on George
Soros and Roseanne appears to hold the
same view as to many Americans who
consume and promote an alternative
informational diet of toxic
conspiratorial sludge produced by the
likes of the odious Alex Jones who has
repeatedly suggested that mass shootings
are staged by the government and who the
President of the United States sure
seems to like a lot I just want to
finish by saying your reputations
amazing I will not let you down you will
be very very impressed I hope and I
think we'll be speaking a lot it's not
an accident the Donald Trump aligns
himself with Alex Jones or that he
celebrates Roseanne Barr as a standard
bearer for his supporters look at Rosa
and I called her yesterday look at her
ratings look at her Randy
they were unbelievable over 18 million
people and it was about us Roseanne Barr
in all her bile Laden Twitter glory
speaks to a certain part of the
president's base it's the part that
Trump harnessed when he launched himself
to conservative politics in the first
place with a laser focus not on taxes or
abortion or health care but on one issue
what did he do the racist conspiracy
theory of the first black president was
a secret Muslim from Kenya Trump
cultivated the part of the base that was
willing to believe that racist lie that
loved when he told them that racist lie
and he used it to take over the entire
Republican Party last night I was
attacked on Twitter for writing that
Roseanne's problem turned out that she
was far too authentically represented
the actual worldview of a significant
chunk of the Trump base but I think
that's true indisputably hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
