you in the courthouse would you learn
today and can you glean how much of the
Kohen investigation is all about
Southern District of New York versus
what Muller might be intrigued about
right so Chuck that's a really good
question I'll start with your last
question first we had been told since
the beginning since we this first came
up and it's important to remember that
the search warrant was first executed or
was executed I should say back on April
9th so this has been going on for some
time this this review of the materials
that were seized then and the
investigation into Michael Cohen now
going back at least several months but
we've been told at the time Chuck that
this was an investigation that was
coordinated with the special counsels
office at this point we've seen no
filings here that have suggested that
the Robert Mullins staff his team is is
more kind of hands-on than they were
before we've seen nothing that indicates
that they're necessarily totally
hands-off so that's something at this
point that coordination continues and
I'm sure that if evidence is found that
ties back to Robert Muller's mandate
that's information obviously they can be
shared between the different
prosecutorial offices as far as timing
on this Chuck I think when you saw
today's as a judge judge Kimball would
kind of putting her foot down on the
accelerator if you will she really wants
several million items of evidence or
items that were seized that can be
documents
it could be files that can be messages
she really wants Cohen's team to wrap up
their review of that to assert whether
or not some of those items have
attorney-client privilege get that to
the Special Master the kind of referee
that's been appointed here to meet her
out what should go to prosecutors and
what shouldn't go to prosecutors but I
think what you're gonna see here is that
some sort of a some sort of a wrap-up of
this review that we've been talking
about now for months sometime toward the
middle to to likely the end of June
alright and let me ask you the Michael
avenatti question rate which is really
obviously the lawyer for me Danielle's
never been sure how much how central
this is to the Cohan investigation how
much of a sideshow it is it seems that
the judge has certainly taken notice of
mr. a vanadis publicity to her I believe
she called it at one point what he had
made some allegations about tapes
he had wanted to be more involved in
this what's the status of his role in
any of this right so Chuck at this point
we haven't seen any evidence at all that
there are tapes that have been leaked to
the media as mr. avenatti has said he
said that one outlet has called him
about recordings that may have been made
he has said those recordings are between
Michael Cohen and stormy Daniels former
attorney Keith Davidson but to this
point we haven't heard any of those
recordings we haven't seen any filings
the judge today didn't seem to probe too
deeply into that other than we found out
from Michael Cohen's attorneys that they
have recordings and those recordings are
under lock and key
we don't know who's on those tapes I
know that mr. avenatti has asserted on
this network that the president
president has been on those on those
recordings we heard nothing said about
that in the courtroom today we didn't
hear it as a matter of fact mr. avenatti
did not even assert that in the
courtroom today so at this point we
don't know what are on those recordings
we do know that there are recordings and
we do know for Michael Cohen's attorneys
that they have those but as far as how
those recordings came to be and what
they're all about it's just not
something that the judge delved into in
the court proceedings today and very
quickly did she sort of either did she
put a gag order on him or say if he if
he wants to continue to be to try to I
was confused by her reference to the
publicity tour sure so and she made a
point to say that this wasn't a
derogatory thing that she was saying but
she said that as far as his publicity
tour and he has the right to speak she
said that if he was to be admitted Pro
Hawk BJ which means he's just allowed to
practice law in the Southern District of
New York
he's already has he's already admitted
into courts in California but if he was
to be admitted into this particular
court house that he would have to comply
with certain local rules and that means
Chuck that his disclosure of nonpublic
information certain statements that he
might make about Michael Cohen that he
may be making now in his various cable
TV appearances and his discussions with
reporters he would not be allowed to
make those statements so she's kind of
cautioning him and saying hey you know
if you want to keep doing what you're
doing for what you're asking media
appearances keep in mind that if I bring
you in exactly careful what you're
asking for you might just get it and you
might be you might be cut off
and if you really enjoy TV you don't
want to you don't want me to approve
which is for a Tom winter I know you've
got a bunch more prep work for nightly
thanks very much hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
