well the deadly hurricane rampaging
through Florida tonight the president
decided not to cancel a political rally
in Pennsylvania where he could bask in
the adoration of his fans after a
mandatory opening line about thoughts
and prayers for Florida which the
president read in his teleprompter at
the beginning of his speech he later
spoke from the heart about what really
matters to him about Florida Florida
remember early it was early we won by a
lot wasn't Florida by lot remember the
red right the red beautiful red I never
liked red so much when President Barack
Obama held a campaign rally six days
after a hurricane hit the East Coast
Donald Trump then tweeted yesterday
Obama campaigned with jay-z and
Springsteen while hurricane sandy
victims across New York and New Jersey
are still decimated by Sandy wrong
exclamation point
American citizens living in Puerto Rico
are still decimated by last year's
hurricanes but tonight the president
pretended that his government faithfully
takes care of all Americans after
hurricane damage we support each other
we stand with each other we care for
each other and we will always pull
through it will be successful during our
discussion now you Michel cinder a White
House correspondent for PBS Newshour and
an MSNBC political analyst and Jonathan
Capehart is back with us he's an opinion
writer for the Washington Post and the
host of WNYC radios America on the line
he's also an MSNBC contributor and you
Miche was there are you aware of any
reporting from the White House today
indicating that anyone considered
canceling the rally in Pennsylvania no
in fact the president said that because
he there were people lining up and
waiting for him at this rally he felt
that he had to go do this when really in
fact the president loves rallies because
this is the place where he can feel safe
this is the place where people can shout
his name
and this is a place where even though
you hear from for an hour and a half
he's not all saying that much news in
fact Fox News which has covered the term
the president's rallies live has
actually decided that they'd rather just
have regular programming and will say
they will come back to the rally if that
he makes news which they didn't so in
fact
to again gloat about the fact that he
got Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court
and also to tell people that he won the
women's vote when of course in fact he
did not he won the white women vote
Hillary Clinton won most women's votes
and of course Jonathan he's lying about
people he said people were lining up
last night 24 hours in advance there's
absolutely no evidence of that no one's
been able to find a person who did that
there were no people doing that let's
take a look at the Senate race in
Pennsylvania the state Donald Trump
decided to go to tonight to campaign and
we see Democrat Bob Casey at 50% in
Pennsylvania and the Republican Lou
Barletta who president Trump has
campaigned for repeatedly is all the way
up to 33% in the latest poll and so it's
not easy to come up with a justification
for being in Pennsylvania type well I
think Jimmy's put her finger on it the
president likes rallies the it's the
equivalent of you know recharging his
batteries all the adulation and the
applause and the cheering he trucks out
his greatest hits you know gets the
crowd to chant about the wall and lock
her up still two years after after the
election although last night they
chanted lock her up over Senator Dianne
Feinstein but but anyway this is I think
less to do with the the race in
Pennsylvania than it has to do with the
overall effort of the president trying
to gin up keep the keep the base wound
up keep the base energized after the
Cavanaugh confirmation fight and and to
remind them that he's out there he's
fighting for them he's throwing so much
red meat out there it's not just
Cavanaugh he is trying to back out
Democrats are the party of crime telling
telling the people in the arena and
whoever might be watching either online
or on television that the Democrats if
you elect them they're going to open up
the borders they're going to blow up the
deficits they're gonna let criminals
into the country and that plays well to
the fear and loathing crowd but for a
whole lot of people in the country this
this greatest-hits mantra of the
president I think is be
humming tiresome we'll know for sure
come election night and yeah Misha are
Republicans on Capitol Hill in
leadership positions who are really
trying to calculate how to hold on to
the Senate or possibly how to hold on to
the house would they prefer that Donald
Trump stay home on a night like this or
stay home generally well really it comes
down to what where he's gonna go if
you're in a place where a Republican
needs a boost there are there is some
thinking that president Trump's
endorsement helps Republicans and helps
people talk about the fact that he he
does have a lot of popularity with his
base but if you're looking at a place
like let's say Nevada where there's a
very there's a very clear line and
Hillary Clinton won that state you don't
want to Donald Trump anywhere near there
you don't want him talking about the
wall you don't want him talking about
social issues the same is true for in
California there was a governor's debate
this week and the government the
gubernatorial candidate today would not
say president Trump's name because he
didn't want to be associated with him
and it took 47 minutes for president
Trump's name to even be mentioned in the
debate and it was the Democrat doing it
so there you have a Republican saying I
don't want any parts of that but
Jonathan the problem for these
candidates who would prefer that Donald
Trump not come to their state or not
come to their district Republicans is
this thing called television so when
Donald Trump is on television with his
completely out-of-control fans and
they're screaming lock her up about
someone new lock her up about Senator
Dianne Feinstein you can't keep that
television out of your state where
you're hoping Donald Trump doesn't come
right no you can't the president no
matter where he is is a constant
reminder of to you maecius point if
you're in a district where they love the
president and he wanted by a lot great
they'd love to hear it but for a bass
swath of the country constantly being
reminded that this person in tone in
temperament is contrary to everything
that you stand for and believe in if
you're running for Congress if you are a
Republican in a in a purple in a purple
state or a purple district you you might
want to run around your district and
like do something to the power grid so
that people don't hear anything from the
guy until November 6 yeah because we're
through November sighs yeah because
English there's that that question of
his Donald Trump stimulating his base
for turnout or is he stimulating the
opposition for even greater turnout
every time he has one of these rallies
well I'll say this having gone to
several Trump rallies in the past couple
months there there's this interesting
thing when you ask Trump supporters who
are women whether or not they actually
support the president whether or not
they agree with some of the stuff that
he's been saying about the me2 movement
or mocking dr. Ford they're Republican
women who are go to Trump rallies who
then cringe and I've seen some reporting
on Twitter today that NBC News
interviewed a couple Trump supporters
who said they're not sure they're gonna
vote for him in 2020 and again these are
people that would go to a Trump rally
so that doesn't look good for the
president yeah in a lot of the small
towns that the president goes to the
Trump rally is the biggest show that's
going to come by so I like some of that
audience might not be as enthusiastic as
the president thinks you Michel cinder
Jonathan Capehart thank you both for
joining that discussion thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
