this is the last word and we have
breaking news tonight about special
prosecutor Robert Mallory's
investigation of possible obstruction of
justice committed by President Donald
Trump a new report tonight says that
Robert Muller is investigating how the
president reacted to Attorney General
Jeff Sessions recusing himself from the
investigation of Russian interference in
the 2016 election the New York Times is
reporting that attorney general sessions
flew to Florida in March of 2017 to
discuss the president's attempts to ban
Muslims from entering the United States
the New York Times reports mr. sessions
had flown to Florida because mr. Trump
was refusing to take his calls about a
pressing decision on his travel ban when
they met mr. Trump was ready to talk but
not about the travel ban his grievance
was with mr. sessions the president
objected to his decision two days
earlier to recuse himself from the
Russian investigation mr. Trump who had
told aides that he needed a loyalist
overseeing the inquiry berated mr.
sessions and told him he should reverse
his decision and unusual and potentially
inappropriate requests mr. sessions
refused the confrontation which has not
been previously reported is being
investigated by the special counsel
Robert s smaller the third as are the
president's public and private attacks
on mr. sessions and efforts to get him
to resign the New York Times says that
the special prosecutors interest in Jeff
Sessions encounters with the president
quote suggests that the obstruction
investigation is broader than it is
widely understood to be encompassing not
only the president's interactions with
and firing of former FBI director James
B call me but also his relationship with
mr. sessions investigators have pressed
current and former White House officials
about mr. Trump's treatment of mr.
sessions and whether they believe the
president was trying to impede the
Russian investigation by pressuring him
the Attorney General was also
interviewed at length by mr. Mullens
investigators in January and of the four
dozen or so questions mr. Marlow wants
to ask mr. Trump eight relate to mr.
sessions among them what efforts did you
make to try to get him to reverse his
Kyuzo the special prosecutors interest
in the president's dealings with jeff
sessions is yet another reason why the
president's TV lawyer rudy guiliani says
he is more worried about the obstruction
of justice investigation than possible
collusion on Sunday when discussing the
possibility of the president agreeing to
an interview with robert muller Rudy
Giuliani said this if everything could
be worked out then they would probably
limited to collusion and obstruction the
collusion part we're pretty comfortable
with because there has been none the
obstruction part I'm not as comfortable
with I'm not the president's fine with
it he's innocent
I'm not comfortable because it's a
matter of interpretation not just hard
and fast true not true in that same
interview Rudy Giuliani made it clear
that he expects the special prosecutors
investigation will lead to impeachment
eventually the decision here is going to
be impeached not impeach members of
Congress Democrat and Republican are
going to be informed a lot by their
constituents so our jury as it should be
is the American people impeach or not
impeach joining us now John Howell the
national affairs analyst for NBC News
and MSNBC is the co-host and executive
producer of show times the circus also
with us Harry Lippmann former federal
prosecutor and Deputy Assistant Attorney
General under President Clinton and
Jason Johnson politics editor at the
root comm and an MSNBC contributor John
Heilemann so Jeff Sessions is now a
significant part of the obstruction of
justice investigation and I think you
know in retrospect that's the time story
notes it's sort of crazy that we didn't
focus on this earlier I mean I obviously
folks the relationship between Trump and
sessions then it's been contentious and
that sessions has hung in there you and
I were exchanging a private conversation
the other day about whether in some long
narrative we eventually would look back
and say Jeff sessions was a hero of all
this having recused himself when you
should have and resisted all of trumps
pressure we only knew about the public
pressure now because of the good folks
The New York Times and their great
reporting we now know about the private
pressure and I am now a lawyer Harry
Lippmann will be
speak more eloquently to what precisely
constitutes obstruction of justice than
I can but I know the corrupt intent has
something to do with it and I know that
when you're going around we have certain
things we focused on a lot Jim Comey etc
but when you're going to your Attorney
General who's done the absolutely right
thing by recusing himself when you
publicly say I need loyalty I wish this
guy was there's a horrible decision if
he told me was going to do it I wouldn't
made am attorney general and then your
privately going to him and saying I need
you to reverse your decision that's a
problem and Jason Johnson the New York
Times report tonight also includes the
president asking Jeff Sessions to resign
or trying to run doing it through Reince
Priebus and Jeff Sessions chief of staff
tells Reince Priebus if there's going to
be a request for resignation has to come
directly from the president and then
Reince Priebus does nothing in the
president apparently forgets about it
well yeah this is one of the things
that's always been a big irony about
this president in Trump in particular
Lawrence that for somebody who got
famous by telling people you're fired we
consistently hear that he's a bit
cowardly when it comes to direct
conflicts with people he he tries to do
it through someone else he gets he gets
Kelly to do it he tries to do it through
rights he won't necessarily go directly
face-to-face and say it to my face and
tell somebody what he wants unless he
feels particularly empowered and here's
the thing about this I've always agreed
you know strangely were Rudy Giuliani
that you know impeachment that may or
may not happen but the obstruction of
justice case against this president is
extreme and when you're your flunky
flaky lawyer Rudy Giuliani is saying I'm
actually worried about obstruction of
justice that is a real sign why Trump
has become so unhinged about this
because even the people around him can't
keep lying to him enough to say look all
the times you've been leaning on these
people that does look like obstruction I
don't think we can keep you from that
Harry Lippmann what is your legal
reading of the New York Times report
tonight that there's so much focus on
Jeff Sessions in the obstruction of
justice investigation it makes sense to
me and for the reasons John said look we
it's been a hundred percent clear from
day one that of course Trump wanted to
squelch the Russia investigation his
only defense has been that he's lacked
the so-called corrupt intent that he
wasn't
doing it for personal reasons
now when you think about other conduct
like the firing of Comey there are
different reasons you could try to
proffer but think about this with
sessions and by the way sessions work
uses because he because the Department
tells them he has to so it's very
straightforward and legally mandated but
what other reason could you say on
behalf of Trump for why he thereafter is
berating him and insisting he reverse
the decision it's obviously wanting
personal loyalty obviously wanting
personal protection it's that kind of
protection above for his own sake that
leads directly to an inference of
corrupt intent and doesn't allow for the
sorts of other inferences he could at
least argue about for different conduct
John Hammond we've we've noticed that
Jeff sessions has real friends among
Republicans in the Senate they certainly
behave that way during his confirmation
they got him through the challenges to
his confirmation testimony which some
people thought included perjury and
here's some here's another piece of the
New York Times reporting tonight which I
think it contains a new fact that maybe
we believed but did not quite yet know
right it said mr. Trump complains to
friends about how much he would like to
get rid of mr. sessions but has demurred
under pressure from Senate Republicans
who have indicated they would not
confirm a new attorney general now John
I have not heard any Senate Republicans
say that out loud publicly but
apparently they have said that to the
president they wouldn't confirm a new
one
Lawrence III got to say sometimes you
and I are in sync because when I read
this story it was one of the things that
jumped out at me I thought that's a
separate news story that's a front-page
story the New York Times
Senate Republicans tell Trump if he gets
rid of sessions but they won't can be
able to confirm anybody else again all
of us have assumed that something like
that was going on but it's not been
reported this way and you know Jeff
Sessions has a lot of Republican friends
and weirdly because of the stance he's
taken and because of the way he's upheld
the institutional integrity of the
Justice Department on this issue he's
all our friends the Democratic Party
right now - Trump realizes there's
almost no
in the Senate who would vote for anyone
else and so Jeff Sessions his job as
much as Trump obviously hates him and
obviously wants to get rid of him as
announced it to the world Jeff Sessions
may be decided the safest man in
Washington DC right now yeah and and
let's remember that what Donald Trump
we're gonna we have the tape of the New
York Times did a interview with Trump
about sessions and about the recusal and
this one is on tape let's listen to what
the president said last year and if he
was going to he should have told me
before he took the job and I wouldn't
think somebody else now Jason for the
investing for a baller it has to sound
really interesting that you would have
picked a different attorney general if
your attorney general nominee had told
you he was going to act according to the
rules of the Justice Department right
right exactly it's sort of like saying
like well if you would have told me that
you won't bury dead bodies over the
picture as my lawyer would I
I mean that's essentially what the
president is saying right now and the
issue of course is that look he has been
saying things like this all along and I
have to mention you know yeah I thought
that element of the New York Times story
was interesting as well because we've
seen at least publicly that Republicans
have bent over backwards in the Senate
to say we're kind of letting the
president do whatever he wants you had
Mitch McConnell coming out and saying
where there's no indicator that the
president wants to get rid of Muller so
we're not going to do anything about it
but if there is this push behind the
scenes for Republicans saying look at
least don't touch jeff Sessions he is at
least someone that we respect there may
be that one small stopgap in the
integrity of our justice system and our
executive branch that we've all been
hoping for so that this investigation
can continue but again you know the
president's behavior is everything short
of directly leaning on people in the
White House and dangling them out the
window and saying do what I say or I'll
fire you in that part is obvious to
anybody let's listen to a Senate
Republican Marco Rubio talking about the
president's latest notion that his
campaign was infiltrated which of course
it was not that is a lie the president's
telling let's listen to Marco Rubio's
reaction to that I have seen no evidence
that there that those people were a part
of an investigation on the campaign
if that exists I would want to know
about it we should all know about it and
if that would be wrong and we should we
should do something about it but up to
now what I have seen is evidence that
they were investigating individuals with
a history of links to Russia that we're
concerning and that was appropriate if
that's all that happened
Harry Lippmann that's Marco Rubio's view
of what's appropriate but it the the
notion that a campaign cannot be
investigated the way any other
enterprise or any other group of people
can be investigated is has no legal
grounding that I'm aware of because
there because it has no legal grounding
and in fact it would be what they're
really trying to say is just a fiction I
don't think anyone in the Trump camp is
trying to argued what theirs what
they're trying to argue with is the
facts they're trying to suggest it
wasn't a routine counterintelligence
investigation it was a sort of by the
invocation of Watergate er J Edgar
Hoover it was some kind of embedding of
a political operative that's just false
and it's just a you know a rhetorical
flourish that they that they know is
designed to inflame people but doesn't
doesn't stand up to even the slightest
scrutiny moreover just as as I just want
to make another point just as sessions
have to do what he did you know the FBI
of course had to do what it did you hear
from Papadopoulos through Australia that
he's talking about Russia interference
you hear about Carter page it would have
been derelict of them to leave it fallow
and not try to investigate and there's
no attempt to try to respond to that by
the Trump camp John when you see Marco
Rubio finding his voice at least on that
particular point and then when when you
play that against the backdrop of the
near chance reporting tonight that
Senate Republicans or the right Senate
Republicans have communicated to the
president that if he gets rid of Jeff
Sessions they will not vote to confirm a
new replacement to Jeff Sessions no
matter who that is
movor we have reason to believe
that there is a kind of communication
going from Senate Republicans to this
president that we most of the time know
nothing about corrects especially given
the the tenuous Nisour the relationship
between between Trump and McConnell
that's been kind of off again and on
again and mostly off again throughout
most of the term I think it's important
obviously it's the case that it still
remains broad Rosenstein law remains
vulnerable he's he's not getting this a
week you have no sense that Senate
Republicans or anybody else on the
Senate on the Republican side is is
conveying to Trump the sense of the
sanctity of rod Rosen Stein's job so
Trump still has a route to get to Bob
Miller if he wants to but it's important
if sessions is safe I think it's
important I want to focus on one thing
very quickly and just the high human
drama of this which is always the thing
that I thought I ended up in drawing dry
that draws me to his story Jeff Sessions
the first US senator to endorse Donald
Trump yeah he was mocked he was scorned
his colleagues in the Senate thought he
was an idiot he signed up with Trump
early he was with him all throughout he
got this job and then he followed the
rules and then trumpets abused him
mercilessly humiliated him threatened
him tried to get him to quit just has
just pummeled him publicly and now we
know privately for 15 months
his Jeff Sessions gonna go to bat for
Donald Trump with Bob Muller or as Jeff
Sessions gonna stick the knife right in
the Shiv right and in Donald Trump's
back or should we say tell the truth I
think Jeff's actually gonna tell the
truth
Jay said that's such a good point Jeff
Sessions obviously a key witness in an
investigation of the president and the
president has publicly done more than
anything everything you could possibly
imagine to talk to Jeff Sessions yeah he
sees he's insulted em he's made fun of
him he's attacked him on Twitter but
this is this is what I said Warren see
like a couple weeks ago when I talked
about grumble bragging from members of
this administration oh it's so terrible
to work for Donald Trump but they don't
leave do they and they don't leave
because at their core they actually
agree with a lot of the things that
Donald Trump is doing even if they don't
like him the person Jeff Sessions is in
favor of the travel ban just that since
it's just as much of a hawk on
immigration Jeff Sessions believes that
black lives matter is a terrorist
organization he is not going to leave
this administration and to be perfectly
honest with you while he may recuse
himself one because the law required it
in two because he didn't want to get
himself in trouble I
think he'd ever turn I don't think he'd
ever flip on Donald Trump because he
likes the power and he likes the
position he's in and this is an
opportunity for him to live out the
white nationalist fantasies that he has
been talking about under the guise of
conservative policy for the last 35
years of his career and I don't think
there's anything that would make him
turn on Donald Trump unless he thought
it was him or Trump and I don't think
he's facing that decision yet Harry
Lippmann as you know in in Underoath
testimony and grand jury testimony and
FBI interviews there's a huge difference
between I don't recall I don't know and
answers the difference between I don't
know and I think so
that takes an investigator from nowhere
the I don't know when you switch that to
and I think so as a witness can because
that's within the range of their their
possible choice that's that's in the
space it's in those spaces in those
interviews where witnesses can try to
protect someone or just not try to
protect them at all you know it's true
although in fact the most frequent
perjurious statement anyone makes is I
don't recall it's so frequent that
people who do know are coached by
lawyers to say that and think it's safe
and indeed it's almost an impossible
perjury case to bring but yes there's
going to be a lot of nuance to the
either endorsement of or undercutting of
Trump I would say by the way this is
also true at the level of the Senate
Republicans Giuliani suggested it's a
kind of a plebiscite that you go to the
the people on in fact this is really
their highest duty and under the
Constitution to to really make that sort
of judgement Trump has been banking on
their not doing it for political reasons
but if the if the cards turn on him it
may well be the Senate Republicans at
least in certain numbers are actually
able to make a constitutional judgment
not simply a popularity question
Harry Lippmann and John Heilemann thanks
for joining us during this breaking news
segment thanks
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
