and as we go to break we went around the
country listening to stories of bias and
everyday life here's one it was surreal
looking around and seeing all this
activity and understanding immediately
what was happening when things go wrong
we were packing our vehicle we are
driving out when out of the blue police
cars stoop down in front of us and
behind us and cops are jumping out of
their vehicles hands on their holsters
pointing into the car hands up hands up
hands up at that point I didn't even
think he was talking to us because in my
opinion we're just coming from Airbnb
we're going to where we're going the
policeman said do you guys know what's
happening and he said yeah the neighbor
called and said there were three black
people stealing stuff like luggage and
stuff we tried over and over again to
prove who we were why we were there and
they still didn't believe us what would
you say those people who'd to say it was
an incident move on I would say I hope
this never happens to your child so you
never have to understand what it feels
like to be defenseless in a moment when
you are right and they are wrong and
because of the color of your skin your
voice your words are not to know
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
