we've two women in the audience Michelle
Shaheen who was one of several people
who shop in her infamous videos of the
arrests inside that Philly Starbucks but
it wasn't until Melissa - Pino her new
friend who she made that day another
customer posted them that the story went
viral we have them in the audience very
briefly how did you two come together
and what do you want to do going forward
well you know people have color been
talking about these everyday instances
of racism forever right and to that day
Michelle spoke up first and that I
shared that video and really that's the
first time that I've seen that it's
entered the public consciousness and
created that kind of a conversation and
to be real we think it's because someone
who looks like me shared it there are
not nearly enough white people speaking
I spoke up Shh I took her lead I spoke
up and look the conversation right that
started and I really want to be a
landing page for educational resources
because I grew up in an almost all-white
school Palmyra Pennsylvania and my black
history teaching was minimal at best it
was Harriet Tubman Rosa Parks I'm ok
done almost almost everything I know
about black history I had to learn on my
own so I don't always blame people for
not understanding but they don't really
realize that racism is built into the
fabric of our society environmental
racism educational racism the foods that
we eat the helper that we receive and so
I also want to encourage other black
people to speak up about their
experiences of microaggressions that we
experience every single day and really
speak out and you know to see that you
better change that day and we're gonna
keep talking about it thank you guys for
what you're doing
and Tim Wise as well we'll be right back
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
