turning now to the reason we are in
Philadelphia today's racial sensitivity
training at Starbucks locations across
the country this after an employee in
April called the police on two black men
who were sitting in the store and had
not yet purchased anything and revenue
got the call not long after the outcry
what what was he asked he asked me what
did I think many of our activist groups
our chapter he and others were involved
in the marching and I said that this is
not about sitting down with civil rights
leaders he called many of us writing a
check this is about y'all have got to
deal with the culture in your stores
they said that's what we want to do and
as they went on and they said they were
going to do this day and got credible
people thanks Sheryl a knife like Eric
Holder involved then many of us said
well this seems to be a genuine effort
but it can't be a one-day thing there
has to be a beginning not an end but I
must say they put people on and
anybody's ever been in a room with
Cheryl and and ever and Eric Holder no
that is no easy room to be well you
recently sat down with Kevin Johnson
this went to Seattle last Friday and met
with him and Howard Schultz and then I
actually would he do an interview that I
could really confront him on is this a
one-day feel-good thing and let me show
you what he said about some of its
people to understand that when you are
black
and different level women you actually
have to get up in the morning and get
yourself geared up for a different
environment that you're gonna be looked
upon as a suspect
rather than customer you're gonna be
facing all these things and the anger
and the resentment that builds up even
subconsciously comes in and then you're
facing people who have inbuilt fears and
warning signs and collisions are going
to happen until we deal with which is a
culture of race-based prejudices and
presumptions well that's one of the
learnings that we've woven into this is
the term racial anxiety and how that
affects different people of different
races in different ways being able to
have those conversations and be able to
listen for understanding and start to
understand how other people people that
have differences can better interact in
a more comfortable way in a more
transparent way in a more understanding
way that starts to bring those barriers
down and create
you know a different way for people to
connect so Cheryl and you worked on the
the training here and I was really to
the res point I was really interested
when I saw that you were included
because you work on the structural
features of racism and white supremacy
in America and it's hard to square that
I think in your mind about bias training
which seems sometimes like it's just
about manners
so what I'm curious about what you
wanted to make sure was in that training
that people took away today
so first of all I'm not a trainer I'm
not a biased trainer and we were very
clear about that from the very beginning
this is not what I do mostly I've been
in a posture of suing corporations
changing a discrimination right not
training them that's what we said we
would do and what the reason that I
wanted to be involved is that this
company articulated a desire to address
directly first of all the issue of
racism which is I mean I'm I don't want
just move past that like that happens
every day number two they recognize that
this could not be managed with a one-off
and they were open they wanted to know
what should we be doing which is a very
different thing than saying I want you
to come help me with this they wanted to
know what should we be doing so what we
signed up for is to help them think
through a whole variety of things they
had announced that they were gonna do
this training on 5:29 we agreed that we
would get them the people that we
thought were the most important the most
credible in our communities who do this
kind of work and who understand what it
is but all of us understand that
training alone is not enough certainly
not one day of training I think it was a
powerful statement and is a powerful
statement and therefore important but as
you know in any job training requires
repetition it requires supervision it
requires discipline when you don't
adhere to the training but most
important it begins with the policies of
the company and so there has to be a
policy review and policies have to be
enacted if the company wants to
inculcate this value of inclusivity that
they have articulated and so you know
we're doing a review we are talking with
our allies in the field and have been
getting their input on the kinds of
things they want to see we think it's
important to remember that Starbucks is
located in 8,000 communities around this
country I don't know another corporate
actor
I hated that ubiquitously throughout the
United States who has articulated a
desire to deal with racism and so it was
it was worth a try and it's worth a try
not only for them to work internally but
also for them to think through what is
the relationship that they should be
having with the communities in which
their stores said well let's sound let's
take a look at that first step a portion
of the training material is actually
shown today just Starbucks workers I
have to make sure that I have given
enough space between myself and another
patron or another commuter on the train
just ensure that I'm not making someone
uncomfortable I have to make sure that
my hands are visible when I walk into
certain places today make sure I don't
not stealing I watch my tone to make
sure that I don't come off as
threatening just leaving the house some
days you know it's tough to just keep
you at home and just keep you away from
everything it's depressing right to here
there's sort of the figure that people
have to even be in public spaces I mean
you're shaking your head Valerie well
because I just think about what that's
doing is a heart and soul of our young
people to grow up in a place where you
feel as Sean said like another or less
than human or threatening when you're
just trying to go about your day to day
life and it is disheartening but I do
give Starbucks credit they stepped into
the fray and they said what they were
gonna do and they made a not a one time
commitment but a long-term commitment
and hopefully they're leading by example
and other companies will see that they
have to do the same Disney did that
today and hopefully we're beginning to
change the tone but it's gonna take
everybody putting pressure and we can't
just rely on our civil rights leaders to
carry this alone every single one of you
has a responsibility as a citizen to get
involved and say something can I just
jump in on this because the part of the
the excerpt that you just showed is
actually from a film that Stanley Nelson
has created that's gonna be released
tomorrow and I and this is something I
thought was really important because I
fear that we may not recognize how long
this struggle around how black people
are treated in the public space has been
with us this is a core element of the
civil rights movement if we think about
the Freedom Rides if we think about
lunch counter sit-ins if we think about
Rosa Parks on the bus or the presence
thus of the civil rights struggle is
about our dignity in the public space in
our right to be treated as full citizens
and this is on a continuum with that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
