with me now to discuss all this my
colleague and co-host for tonight's
town-hall joy Reed the host of AMG also
with me the chair of the Congressional
Black Caucus representative Cedric
Richmond Democrat of Louisiana
congressman let me start with you what
is your reaction to ABC's actions today
well I think it was appropriate I think
it was Swift and I think it was
warranted
so they made a quick decision the right
decision and I applaud him for it Joey I
have to say I mean you and I were
talking about this today
Roseanne has quite a history I mean she
it's not just this tweet she said
something similar about Susan Rice back
in 2013 she traffic's in really deeply
crazy conspiracy theories you really got
to ask a question of like what exactly
did ABC think it was getting nostalgia I
mean you know part of the lore of
trumpism is that it does play to a
certain nostalgia and you know the data
bears out that a lot of it is nostalgia
for an imagined 1950s right when they
were more orderly in a lot of people's
view relations between the sexes between
the races and so there's that nostalgia
part of the Trump appeal and what the
network's I think what ABC was looking
at is that there's also just a nostalgia
for a kind of sitcom a kind of
television experience that's also bygone
and obviously given did it open to 22
million viewers or so that is true
people want to look back to those past
characters that they grew up with it
they had affection for the difference
with Roseanne of course is that you know
once after her show was launched you had
the incident with the doing the national
anthem there was really controversial
that the person that she is and the
character of Roseanne are very different
people and they're now more in alignment
and I think for a lot of people it's
been jarring but for the fans of Donald
Trump
it was affirming it was saying here's
somebody who's portraying who we are
who's portraying our kind of people so I
can understand why the network said look
Trump just won an election let's try to
get some of those 60 some-odd million
people to watch this show congressman
you wrote a letter and it has a title
sort of open a letter dear white people
which is a name of a movie that
that had been out in theaters about kind
of your experience you're the head of
the Congressional Black Caucus at this
moment as we're having this kind of bit
of a reckoning around a bunch of
incidents that have piled up around the
country that people I think some people
why people particularly are just sort of
paying attention to what you want to
communicate well I just want people to
know that one you can't judge a book by
its cover
normally when I'm on your show Chris I'm
wearing a suit today I decided to dress
down because I'm that person that when
I'm not wearing a suit why people will
clutch their purse across on the other
side of the street or just assume that I
have bad intentions because of how I
look and I think that we have to get
past that so let's go all the way back
to Trayvon Martin who had ice-t and
skittles well George Zimmerman perceived
him as a threat and then it comes that
interaction between black males law
enforcement all want to be law
enforcement and we end up with a young
african-american male unarmed
african-american male that's now dead we
have to get past that so you can look at
the Starbucks incident you can look at
the four african-american women who were
playing golf and people call the police
on him because they were going too slow
so are the black family that was
barbecuing in a park and they called the
police on them at some point the police
have to make better decisions but then
again our white fellow citizens have to
stop receiving african-americans as a
threat to them simply because of the
color of their skin what's striking
joining me with the congressman is
talking about in terms of some of the
kind of more implicit or at least
unarticulated biases people have when
they call the cops the in the Rosanna
situation in both inaho you know how she
has performed online what she said about
Muslims Palestinians all sorts of groups
even before today it's just explicit
rhetoric of bigotry and there's a real
question about how much that that is the
the ground for that is shifting in favor
of it certainly before today well I mean
if I'm talking about you know the
so-called
oh sorry cars no good okay no I was
gonna say that you know part the other
part of the Trump appeal that if you
look at a lot of his followers
especially online was this sense that
political correctness right that the
left was policing speech in a way that
didn't allow people to make jokes or
comments or Facebook posts that they
felt were in bounds and that people of
color felt were out of bounds and I
think one of the results of the eight
years of President Obama is you're a
whole group of Americans who felt
straitjacketed in the things that they
could say and get away with it and not
get in trouble and I think that one of
the things that Donald Trump has done is
sort of unleashed a sort of permission
and said listen you can be who you are
let it fly you you're allowed to do it
because I can do it and I think he
became the avatar for being able to you
know put forward a kind of speech that
people felt with had been stifled you're
hearing the same debate about college
campuses and they're not allowed to
speak it is interesting that you know
people on that side of the line carve
out the NFL is the one place where they
don't feel there should be that's you
know open zone of free speech for the
players who want to protest police
brutality but other than the players
there is this sense that you know the
Trump era you know the Trump era means
we can say it we can say whatever we
want and there aren't going to be
consequences because the president
knighted States has sort of said you can
do it does it feel that way to you
congressman
well absolutely the president has
brought bullying back into mainstream
and people see what he's able to do and
get away with never apologizes for
anything from mocking a disabled
reporter to all of the things that he
consistently does so he's an enabler for
all of this hate speech in these actions
that are going on because he's feeding
into it you won't hear him say anything
about this incident you don't hear him
really man up or act like the commander
in chief and put have this conversation
on race I mean it's it's really the sad
part of it all is that it stems right
from the White House to Main Street and
I'm just afraid that the division that
he plays in to purposely and
strategically is going to create a
bigger divide in this country between
law enforcement between white citizens
and black citizens and I think that it's
a dangerous game that he's playing just
for his political game all right Roy
Reid and Congressman Cedric Richmond of
Louise
I thank you both for being with me hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
