dissident in Washington Post contributor
Jamal Khashoggi has been missing for
over a week now ever since he entered
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul last
Tuesday and never really officials have
told the New York Times could show you
was killed while inside that consulate
at the order of the Saudi Arabian
government the Washington Post and other
outlets have obtained video that's been
airing on Turkish television according
to Turkish officials that allegedly
shows a team of 15 Saudi agents who
conducted that operation after flying
into Istanbul on two
Gulfstream Jets most disturbing is that
according to one senior Turkish official
who spoke to the New York Times that
team you won't believe this this is
grotesque dismembered his body with a
bone saw they brought for that purpose
well president Trump says he's spoken to
the Saudi government here's how he
reacted to that story today it's verse
sad situation it's a very bad situation
and we want to get to the bottom of it I
don't want to make I don't want to say
that I hope he's not yeah we are we're
demanding everything we want to see
what's going on here that's a bad
situation and frankly the fact that it's
a reporter you could say in many
respects it makes it it brings it to a
level it's a very serious situation for
us and for this White House we do not
like to see what's going on why can't
you do we're bringing right now carry an
idea whose global opinions editor at The
Washington Post Karen do you basically
go along with what we're hearing about
the chainsaw basically cutting the bones
I'm not gonna add mob movie where they
they went in there with the plan of
killing this guy and removing his body
piece by piece so they wouldn't be
observed I mean that seems to be how you
place it comes together as a story here
the horror of it sure and just you know
khashoggi Jamal was was a friend of mine
I I was his editor for the last year so
it is it is hard to hear or to talk
about you know what might have happened
to him you know I think for all the the
people that I've talked to who may be
close with the Saudi government they
don't put anything past them especially
under this crown prince who you know
reports of torture disappearances
detaining yeah this is how he operates
let's talk politics for a minute in this
heart why would a government that wants
good relations with the West has had
good relations so it's apparently has
tried to develop good relations with
Israel and their common front against
Iran risk this heart which is not going
to sell with any of the Western
countries including Israel why was it so
important for the crown prince to remove
the threat of this one journalist
I mean Khashoggi and Jamal was he was
outspoken he was a critic of MBS and his
column said he wrote for us
and Jamal told me that he was he was
under pressure from under pressure from
his family why would they risk this I
mean again this is a reason even for the
south if this were all to be true would
be brazen and a new grotesque a new code
tesco but here's the thing I mean Jamal
didn't want to be seen as a dissident
again he was close to the Saudi royal
family he was an advisor he in many ways
he was a loyalist and seen as sort of
part of the royal machine so you know
that's why the fact that he wrote it in
his columns than the Saudi regime can
turn you just like that and we he was
going in to get a marriage he's getting
some marriage documents what should the
United States government do I mean you
have the powers of the pen here what
should the government do well absolutely
it you know if it comes to pass that we
have you know conclusive evidence that
the Saudis murdered him not only
murdered him but murdered him in a
consulate a flagrant violation of
international law then consequences as
far as just talk of the Magnitsky act
you know sanctions on Saudi officials
being able to come here spend money
pulling out of investment opportunities
there's an investment conference that's
happening later this month in October
Riyadh any government officials they
should pull out if they care about
freedom of expression and one of
backup Trump's statements they need to
do the right thing hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
