let me bring in joy Reid she just got
done with the Town Hall we've seen a
preview of it already enjoy I know you
heard a part of our conversation here
I'm curious what went from a
conversation about everyday racism and
about sort of this start of this moment
that Starbucks was trying to have a
conversation about how much did Roseanne
amplify your conversation in the Town
Hall tonight and how much did the
Roseanne conversation derail it
well you know it's we supported
fortuitously we had Valerie Jarrett on
tonight so she was able first of all to
react to it and her reaction I thought
you know was sort of really spot-on
because she sort of broadened it out
from just her personal so just the fact
that you know the idea of somebody being
made an animal sort of bestial eyes this
is not new right this is not something
that just happened this one time and
that kind of reflex is actually a part
and a component of what then can turn
into everyday acts of racism if you
don't quite think that people are
exactly like you they're not our kind of
people if you're able to think of people
that somehow less a person than me it
makes it a lot easier to then take that
next step and say well this person
shouldn't be in this space I'm going to
call the police I think of them as
criminal I think of them as sort of
animalistic I think of them as not
civilized like me and so I think it
actually is one conversation you know I
mean Roseanne was tweeting something
that listen it those of us if you're in
public life you hear this slur a lot
it's something that black people
unfortunately deal with and have a long
time so the solutions are part of your
townhall what we're solutions that you
thought boy that makes sense and that's
doable and that can be done without
political leadership because we're in
this weird vacuum you have corporations
that are trying to fill the vacuum here
because the the man at the top isn't
interested in trying to heal division
right now for whatever reason we can get
at his motivation as to why but he
doesn't want to do it yeah he doesn't
want to do it in part because he
understands that there's a part of his
audience as a part of his base that is
actually animated in a positive
direction toward him by this kind of
talk this sort of freedom to plead the
Freedom From political correctness is a
part of his appeal right for some people
so I think he's a lot of a political
motivation and maybe a personal
motivation not to want to do it
ironically enough corporations are in a
unique position to actually do something
about this
because they have a sort of captive
audience their employees and they can
set forth policies that both get people
to recognize their implicit biases at
least deal with it and they can set
forth top policies that say even if you
may have these biases you can't act on
it in the corporate space so
interestingly enough we're seeing
different sets of actors than we're used
to were normally used to presidential
leadership back kind of moral leadership
but we're seeing it have to come from
other spaces both from moral leaders and
even from corporate leaders who do have
a lot of ability to set policy we're
talking about eight thousand stores for
Starbucks that's 8,000 separate
locations where they can make the policy
more fair even if you can't change every
individual heart you can change those
policies and I think that's important
I'm curious did you address this sort of
awkward stance of the NFL as a
corporation versus every other
corporation and it's this every other
corporation has viewed the troubling
race racial comments or whatever
whenever it's come as a bad for business
decision and they're going to make sure
they condemn that racism the NFL made a
decision out as to do with anthem but it
it splits along racial lines but they
picked the white consumer over the black
consumer it's the one corporation that
seemed to the only one set of consumers
over another like that why yeah and it
did and you know we didn't address the
NFL specifically in the Town Hall today
but you're right there in a unique
position they have a 70% black player
base but they have an overwhelmingly
white audience base in those stadiums
buying those tickets so they have to
have one audience competing against
another they can't make it without their
marquee players many of whom are black
but they can't survive financially
without that audience which is
overwhelmingly white and so what you're
seeing with the NFL which is also unique
and that it incorporates a kind of sort
of patriotism and sort of militarism as
part of its marketing so it's just that
in there in a very unique decision it's
not like Starbucks Starbucks isn't you
know incorporating a pledge of
allegience or an anthem into a trails
sort of marketing mantra but the NFL is
so they are in this very unique position
what will be interesting to see is when
are not those black players going
forward now feel so coerced they take
even more action more profiles and we
didn't get to address that here you know
and out really goes by quickly as you
know chess but I think it's a
conversation we're gonna be having now
every single Sunday when that Joker
plays we're all gonna be watching to see
what those black players do you think an
hour flies try five minutes with you
right now
come on now that flew as well joy thank
you thank you for coming out can we will
not be missing tonight's special
town-hall event we wouldn't missed it
before this morning's news I have a
feeling a lot more people are not gonna
miss it now every day racism in America
it's hosted by joy Reid and Chris Hayes
will see it tonight at 9:00 p.m. right
here on MSNBC hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
