we have some breaking news at this hour
that is gonna make Mitch McConnell smile
and here it is Missouri governor Eric
Greitens just finished speaking in
Jefferson City and he just announced he
is resigning effective June 1st the
Republican governor has been facing an
impeachment inquiry right now led by
members of his own party over
allegations of sexual misconduct and
potential misuse of a charity donor
lists some of the allegations were even
more awful than that here is a quick
bite from the governor announcing that
resignation today I am announcing that I
will resign as governor of Missouri
effective Friday June 1st at 5:00 p.m.
kryten's was a man on an island most of
the Missouri Republican Party had
essentially abandoned him the the
Republican the Attorney General who
national Republicans hope can defeat
Claire McCaskill the Democratic senator
there in November he Josh Hawley he had
called for air crichton's resignation
most every Republican worth their salt
in Missouri had done that some believing
the motivation solely being to try to
get Greitens out of there so he's not a
political problem for Republicans in the
fall up and down the ballot Greitens
himself by the way he was not going to
be on the ballot running for reelection
the Missouri governor's race is on the
presidential cycle replacing him will be
Lieutenant Governor Mike parson and if
you're wondering Mike parson was elected
in his own right not as part of a ticket
and he will become governor on Friday
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
