well first of all I think we have to
turn it into a teaching moment I'm fine
I'm worried about all the people out
there who don't have a circle of friends
and followers who come right to their
defense the person who's walking down
the street minding their own business
and they see somebody cling to their
purse or one across the street or every
black parent I know who has a boy who
has to sit down and have a conversation
but talk as we call it and those as you
say those ordinary examples of racism
that happen every single day and I think
that's why I'm so glad to be here this
evening talking with all of you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
