the president has been taking serious
heat for his immigration policies
recently particularly his policy of
separating families in detention but
some of the president's critics have
been conflating two different issues so
let's break it down and take a look at
the facts first yes the Trump
administration is separating
undocumented children from their parents
at the border despite the president's
claims he is responsible for these
separations it is part of Attorney
General Jeff Sessions plan to prosecute
100% of people who are crossing the
border illegally as the parents are
detained they are separated from their
children and this includes potential
asylum seekers and undocumented workers
White House chief of staff John Kelly
admitted the purpose of these
separations is to discourage illegal
border crossings he called family
separation quote a tough deterrent there
is also a different issue at play here
what some are calling missing children
HHS officials confirmed that the u.s.
office of refugee resettlement lost
track of nearly 1500 migrant children
last year but that has nothing to do
with family separation these kids
arrived at the border unaccompanied to
begin with and many of them were
released and relatives here in the
United States
joining me now NBC's Kristen Welker live
at the White House and Aleida Garcia an
immigration attorney and an activist
Kristen to you first the issue of family
separations the president is laying the
blame on Democrats saying they needed to
end the horrible law that separates
families what law is he talking about
they're talking about what they refer to
as a loophole stuff it's called the
florists and Asylum loophole they
essentially say it allows unaccompanied
minors those who are here under the age
of 18 to stay to be placed in the homes
of sponsors and to ultimately be
potentially falling through the cracks
so they want that loophole closed here's
the problem with that stuff Democrats
say it's not a loophole at all it's a
law aimed at protecting folks who are
here under the age
18 and making sure that they aren't held
in detention centers making sure that
they get the care the food the medical
attention that they need while the
process of whether or not they are
allowed to stay here plays out so that
is what the administration's argument is
they're saying Democrats need to come to
the table need to pass broad bipartisan
immigration reform but of course step
bottom-line there are so many
differences between Democrats and
Republicans about what that should look
like and that's why it is nearly
impossible to get both sides to come to
the table and move forward on a
comprehensive immigration reform package
set ok well kids especially kids in
danger is something we could all come
together on yeah so I want you to stay
on this with me the issue of
unaccompanied children that the office
of refugee resettlement under HHS says
they cannot account for and I want to
share what Deputy Secretary of HHS said
to push back on this term loss this
morning they're not lost they have been
placed in the vast majority of cases
with parents or close relatives the only
reason why people believe falsely that
the children are lost is because that
sponsor does not answer the phone when
we make the call after 30 days is he
telling the truth well if you look at
what HHS has said and has testified to
in Congress stuff that is in fact the
case bottom line broadly we're talking
about 7,000 unaccompanied minors who
have come here HHS saying hey look we've
checked in on a number of them and
gotten responses but those nearly 1,500
are unaccounted for because as you just
heard the deputy HHS secretary say they
haven't gotten a response from those
sponsors why well according to a
statement overnight from HHS the reason
quote many sponsors could not be reached
is because they themselves are illegal
aliens and do not want to be reached by
federal authorities this is the core
problem I can tell you that there is a
briefing on going right now stuff really
underscoring that fundamental point they
say the administration they have reached
out to these sponsors reached out to
these families tried to track down
these young adults and yet haven't
gotten a response for a range of topics
but one of the big ones they say is
because a lot of those people may be
here illegally this underscores the fact
you have a president who campaigned on a
promise to get tough on immigration
that's what they say they're doing but
obviously stuff you have lawmakers
Democrats saying we want to know where
those kids are yeah I'll leave it let's
put political agendas aside we're
talking about 1,500 kids do you buy this
argument that the White House is or the
administration is making saying we've
reached out there sponsors don't want to
be found
thanks Stephanie I think what's
important for people to recognize is
that there's actually a new policy from
the administration right now to separate
families these are families who made the
courageous decision a hard decision to
leave behind everything that they had
their families their communities their
belongings out of fear to come to the
United States and then when they get
here we are separating them today
that'll happen to about 66 parents based
on early data since this decision was
made so this is sort of decent people
that are conflating two issues because
they care about protecting a mother's
love to a child and what we need to
focus on right now is the administration
ending their family separation policy
because it's only going to increase
every single day until that happens
so say explain that to me one more time
what has changed what is the new policy
that is now separating families because
there's so many issues being conflated
and if we can just drill down to what is
happening who's being put in danger then
we can address how they can be helped so
what is happening now is that when
mothers and fathers arrive with their
children what is new is that when they
arrive at the border and mind you many
of these families turn themselves into
border agents they're not trying to
sneak in they're trying to seek asylum
in the United States and so those
families amongst this zero-tolerance
policy are being stripped away from
their children and not being told where
their children are how they will be
reunited they're being put into inhumane
circumstances and they're being
prosecuted and that is what is new and
that's just a month's like three weeks
new and that's what we need to stop it's
it's egregious it's immoral this should
not be a political argument at all
alright this is a humanitarian issue and
once you drill down to actually what is
happening and put politics aside
hopefully we can put safety first
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
