let's talk through this idea of a
generic statement that is potentially
being negotiated right now as Han said
if that in fact is going to be written
sort of pre-written before these two
leaders meet yes the meeting is
significant but it's also partly a show
is that fair to say well it certainly is
fair to say you know Kim jong-un for his
part wants to have a meeting with
President Trump regardless of the
content of the meeting because that's
legitimization now he's given up a lot
to get that meeting and so therefore I
don't unders the president needs to keep
the pressure on and as the Wall Street
Journal reported today we are not going
after some financial sanctions that
could actually cripple the regime you
can sort of accept that because we are
in these we have a very delicate
conversation but nonetheless we need to
keep the pressure on as the president
has said let's talk about the sanctions
for a second I had a Treasury official
telling me listen we don't we're not in
the business of talking about sanctions
before they happen talking about the
potential for punishment but if you
believe The Wall Street Journal and
they're reporting that yes they did pump
the brakes on potential punishments
toward North Korea in order to create a
good environment right for these talks
to happen was that a smart strategic
move I think so
you know the sanctions have gotten at
the North Koreans to the table because
we've crimped the flow of money cut it
in about half but there's a lot more
that we can do and the Treasury is
certainly got actions lined up so I
think that if we don't get what we
wanted this June 12 summit in terms of a
general statement that we need on June
13th or maybe even the evening of June
12 to put in those additional measures
because that will convince the North
Koreans that they have no chance no
choice but to disarm thank you for
checking out our youtube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
