can you set up a summit like this this
complicated with less than two weeks to
go
sure you can I mean Joe Hagen can handle
the logistics they've done logistics in
far less time than he has there in fact
White House is calling it a pre advance
team meaning they'll have other people
coming in so that I think will be
squared away a big issue of course is
what's going to be in this joint
communique now some Kim and chase ennui
they both worked very hard on this for
four years during the Bush
administration they know precisely what
the problems were they knew what North
Korea agreed to that is a the complete
abandonment of all their nuclear weapons
so they know that but they also know
what tanked the summit is what tanked
the process which was North Korea's
failure to give any kind of verification
protocol worthy of the name so I'm sure
there's a lot of focus on that and given
the fact that the president really wants
us to move very fast I'm sure there's an
effort to kind of look at what could be
a kind of quick start for example do you
want international people to come in and
take control of the fissile material is
that something that can be done so I
would say you know on the whole this is
going forward clearly our president
wants this and he's really not worried
about detractors or skeptics he's just
going full-bore on this and to quote him
we'll have to see what happens mark
three potential meetings in the DMZ in
Singapore and possibly here where the
North Korean official making his way
potentially to New York something we
haven't seen in almost 20 years
Kellyanne Conway said whatever happens
the president's made history here do we
do we do
do you see giving the president credit I
mean when Obama sat with President Trump
after Trump won he said the biggest
thing to worry about is North Korea
Trump's worrying about it he's
addressing it he is and I doubt he would
give Obama a lot of credit for saying
that's him but this is it's happening
whatever this is I'm have a little
trepidation about putting but so much
stock into it because we thought we were
moving forward last week and then he
cancelled it so it's tough to see but
with Chris
Hill reported I thought was significant
normally in these types of summits you
kind of already know what the results
are going to be what you're going to
agree to and and I respect before I'm an
ambassador saying it can be done in a
couple of weeks perhaps it can hopefully
you can we all hope for peace but I'm
still a little concerned about whether
or not everything is laid out and then
something else ambassadors just said the
verification regime i mean kim
jeong-hoon has his agenda politically
Trump has his political agenda
politically so there may be just you
know trying to buy a little time until
they can figure out the best way to get
this done to that exact point when the
United States says denuclearization and
Kim jong-un says denuclearization it
sounds like both of our definitions
aren't even in life no they're not
they're not the same and that's that's
the crucial point I mean when Kim
jong-un talks about it he means the
United States removing its strategic
weapons anywhere in the area where where
the United States could deploy nuclear
weapons in the event of war with North
Korea what we're talking about we
actually removed our nuclear weapons
from the Korean Peninsula back in the
first Bush administration in the early
1990s what we're talking about is Kim
jong-un getting rid of his in a
verifiable irreversible way and the
likelihood of that happening I think is
pretty small because as someone once
said North Korea without nuclear weapons
is like Saudi Arabia without oil it
becomes irrelevant moment then Shannon
has anything truly changed between
Thursday and today if our two nations
don't fundamentally agree on what
denuclearization is and that's the
center of all this is there real
progress happening or is it window
dressing I think that's what gets to the
core of the issue that we might be able
to agree on a meeting date and a meeting
place and be able to put logistics
together for a meeting but the big
question from the very start is is this
just going to be a photo-op or is this
going to be a meeting where something
actually comes out of it and there were
a lot of foreign policy experts saying
after this meeting was called off on
Thursday
that this was actually a good thing
because it could give the u.s. a chance
to pause take a breath do some of that
diplomatic groundwork that is typically
done before one of these meetings so
that when you do get the two leaders in
the room together there's something that
can come out of it at this point though
that groundwork and diplomacy is really
being done on the fly I mean with these
last-minute meetings and everything
being pulled together that the risk is
this will be a photo op nothing will
come of it and that you've already used
your big chip getting two leaders
together to meet and you don't have much
leverage then in the future to try and
get some real progress or concessions
out of the North Koreans ambassador well
I think this is going to come out in the
wash I mean if the North Koreans don't
agree to a joint statement that lays out
denuclearization that is getting rid of
their nuclear weapons having them put
under control by international elements
then I don't think we're going to go
very far moreover if the North Koreans
look for something in return on the
order of you know getting US troops out
of the Korean Peninsula or something
like that obviously this isn't going to
go very far so some Kim and chase when
we have another meeting scheduled I
think it'll it'll start in a few hours
once she's back from Pyongyang with some
instructions so you know we'll just have
to see what's in the what's in the
communique at this point it's kind of
hard to speculate certainly I think it's
worth worth following and I commend the
administration for doing that and I
think they've got people deployed which
is what they should have done the first
place and I think it's very important
that they've stopped with these kind of
media opportunities we were not hearing
John Bolton talk about the Libya model
whatever he means by that all of that
stuff is kind of I think laid to rest so
you know we'll know so we'll know very
soon
well what they're looking for Brett
almost seems like in Iran deal if it's
suspend nuclear activity dismantle
infrastructure make sure we can inspect
every facility to ensure that you did
this in exchange for economic help and
security guarantees that sounds like the
Iran deal
really because we don't want to have
sunset clauses that allowed North
Koreans and some point in the future to
resume production of nuclear material
but listen I think one point it is
important to underscore we're talking
here we're having a serious policy
discussion about what might or not might
not be achieved by this invite a summit
there's also a psychological element and
here I think already Trump has proved
himself to be a bad negotiator to the
speed with which he went from issuing
that letter to retracting it was like
middle-school breakup makeup type of
session and there too it's interesting
to me the Trump is so intent on getting
this meeting on the calendar in June I
think he's looking at two dates in the
future one is October when Nobel Peace
Prizes will be announced and the other
is in November and if he's looking at
this negotiation for personal glory or
electoral vindication were in for
trouble but the sooner he does it he
will dominate the headlines and put the
Muller investigation on the back burner
he will help all of those Americans who
want to say you know who cares who he is
as a person look what he's doing for the
country
isn't that what his goal is here I think
there's it's it's a largely political
play and I think that's a shame because
the issue with North Korean
demilitarization is too important to
just be a matter for trumps vanity I
agree I think you made the point very
very well it's a political agenda he has
and as he said I don't know how much
faith we can put in someone who changes
his mind so frequently as you said last
week I'm gonna break up with you before
you break up with me I think we need to
watch this very carefully and I think
he's probably bought himself a little
bit of time and his people on the ground
about themselves a bit of time to
actually put something together this is
history that this is being done on the
fly that's the history and that's not
good history hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
