we continue to watch this monster storm
pummel to cut Florida coast but tonight
President Trump is holding a campaign
rally and fundraiser
trying to raise about a quarter million
up in Erie Pennsylvania after attending
well that fundraiser I'm John bass is no
Percy a Republican strategist Nick
compass story political report the New
York Times and Jason John
the president knew that people would be
commenting on the fact of the split
screen he's up he's not tending to
business as a chief executive protecting
the homeland if you will know he's
raising money and he's throwing red meat
out to the crowd why do you think he
made the calculation I'd rather be up
there than not because I think he
realizes that if he's going to have any
time on air he wants to control it and
he wants the message to be what he has
to say he knows he can't win a battle
with a hurricane he knows that he's
already been cited for being so
incompetent whether it be Maria or other
things he just doesn't even know how to
handle it he has no sympathy he can't
talk about people you know real people
and what they're going through and he
offers no comfort so he might as well go
to where he can control the message and
stir up a little trouble because that's
what this president likes to degree I
always say he shoots the moon like in
hearts he always does the opposite of
any other normal politician and somehow
it works with his crowd I think he's
right look this whole idea that you
shouldn't campaign a natural disaster
raise one of those or raise money is one
of those rules of politics that isn't
written down anywhere and doesn't
actually matter his people don't care
about it people in Pennsylvania are not
gonna be watching a hurricane in Florida
and his party needs him to be out there
and get the faith left because they are
about to lose important races in that
state he's doing the wise thing in the
politics terms it could be the wrong
thing in moral terms well there is one
fatality let me go to Jason there has
been a fatality already there'll be more
obviously I just want about geography I
always think about geography these days
politically suppose there was some sort
of natural disaster hitting New York and
he was down campaigning in Florida it
wouldn't happen because most people live
up in New York so it wouldn't have but
it's okay
when it's down there and he's up where
most people live in the Northeast that's
I'm thinking he's calculating that too
he's got to hold the Rust Belt that's
what he's the heart of it yeah he's got
to hold the Rust Belt and also as sad as
this is and as dangerous as it is and I
must admit I wasn't I was comforted by
Mayor Gilliam I mean he sounded like he
had things handled there's also about
expectations you know you do have
hurricanes that hit the south you do
hurricanes that hit parts of Georgia and
South Carolina and Florida and so the
president saying hey look I'm gonna be
up here in Pennsylvania campaigning it
isn't strange because we know that
Florida gets hit by things like this if
something like this were to happen in
New York if something like this if you
were having some horrible series of
tornados or something in Ohio if it's an
unexpected catastrophic weather event
then yes I think Donald Trump would find
a way to be there but an expected of it
even if it's a tragic one in Florida he
doesn't have to be there as soon as he
bounced all over the place making fun of
Obama four years ago for during it with
the cleanup for rice Sandy
Wow into the cleanup era effort how can
he just ignore his own hypocrisy here I
mean three years old like a three year
old weird running how does Trump do it
he does it his way which is obnoxiously
counterintuitive and yet somehow his
people just cheer him on but what's even
worse in this particular case is that
Florida's in play right now for
Republicans there's a US Senate race
there's a governor's race the president
if he was being presidential could say
I'm helping and providing resources to
Florida he could be playing that card
which in Florida he's not completely
upside down in his favorable ones race
got to get the credit for being
executive down with his name he had one
that's what he wants well but he could
be saying I'm offering I'm working with
he could be helping those folks
especially the Santis right now who's
going to need it very much god is better
in much better shape than Santis but the
prospects will matter a lot more in the
aftermath of this disaster I think right
now he's up in Pennsylvania what really
matters is after the water has gone down
or hasn't gone down after the wind has
stopped what's the recovery look like
who is involved there how effective as
it is and that will matter for gillum's
a little matter for Trump and for Scott
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
