viewers of this program know by now that
my favorite part of the workday is
saying good evening to Rachel every
night and we never know where it's going
it's just the kind of conversation that
happens naturally from something she has
just said or something that I'm going to
talk about on my show and sometimes it's
just this thing that happens and here
are some highlights of what we've had to
chat about this year that does it for us
tonight we'll see you again tomorrow now
it's time for the last word with
lawrence O'Donnell good evening learns
good evening Lawrence good evening once
good evening Lawrence and Happy New Year
good evening Rachel and as you can see
and as I think you know when a guy takes
too many days off from work this beard
thing I am 98% in favor of the beard but
I am 2% curious as to how it would look
if it was just here just be under the
jawline Richard you are never gonna know
as you can see the beard is gone and I
know I know you voted for the beard but
let me just tell you the voters who were
voting against it frequently used two
words that were very disturbing to me
one of the ones those words was older I
was very disturbed and the other even
more disturbing was the word Bannon Oh
so norm a norm a gourmet there should be
a norm a though don't get him when you
think of all the country names in the
world it's nambia the Norway norm a
what's wrong with enormous and Norm
Macdonald should be the prime minister
of Norman or something such
the Secretary of Health and Human
Services the White House chief of staff
a deputy White House chief of staff you
know when we talk about TV talking heads
most of us expect to see the talking
side of the hip when we're looking at
our TVs and instead we get that
beautiful thick head of hair it's yeah
we have this list I got I get it I get
it completely I mean at some point we're
gonna come to the natural end of the
cycle because Fox News is a big
organization but they only employ so
many people once they get through the
interns and stuff they'll have to either
start recycling people through for a
second time although have to come up
with a new strategy for how to bring new
people in and at this rate that will be
by the next Christmas party at the White
House
oh thanks Laura Thank You Rachel
thinking about a little bit the the
president and the porn star story but
haven't even mentioned that on this show
and then listening to your analysis of
it you raise the point that I hadn't
consider which is this very important
point about who paid the money yeah I
put on like a little like a nose bag and
glasses with those little aviator sides
on it any time I read this story no
distractions you've read more of it than
I have I don't want to talk about it
that's all the people who who Donald
Trump has found the time to attack and
stormy Daniels name is not up there
another names not up there Rachel Maddow
that's okay he's so that's what means if
he hasn't attacked you he's so afraid of
you he doesn't want people to know you
exist that's how afraid of you
also there was that Shark Week thing
between us Dahl Crump said today by the
way
and I really thank him for this he said
infrastructure is sexy
to him I might just put the word sexy
like up from the wall behind me for the
whole hour it's infrastructure day it's
the only day I can do it I can only do
that on infrastructure day good night
thank you thank you tomorrow it is it
will be
my first ever New York Times crossword
the word congratulations doesn't sound
big enough just for this moment this is
just extraordinary this is
history-making I couldn't be more
thrilled for you thank you very much I
actually you know I'm I'm a childless
middle-aged pot-bellied lesbian and I
don't have that much to be excited about
in my life I've been having a great job
this is kind of it like there will never
be a baby but there's this freaking
crossword puzzle and I am very very
excited about it this is the day we're
all always gonna remember where we were
when we first heard sam nunn burg
speaking to i remember Roger and I were
treated like crap by Donald Trump was
the sort of thing where you watched and
you're very engrossed and you think you
know what's happening and then you look
up and several hours have passed and the
lights aren't on and you understand less
than you did before you started watching
actually I'm not going to jail come on
it was bizarre you're in on my secret
that my workday does not begin at 8:00
a.m. but just as the Fondren should be
looking at that kind of stuff
not the nonsense of collusion with
Russia we've we talk to you all day but
it looks like you have a million things
to do I know you are neither an early
riser nor a drinker but part of me
imagines you like in a bathrobe with a
glass of red wine it's so perfectly
built for you Rudy Giuliani went on the
other Network went on Fox News and he
stayed on longer than he should have
because that's when he got to the stormy
Daniels admission funnel throw of him
and the president repaid it oh I didn't
know he did yeah this is a very weird
time this this really does feel to me
like in the movie the plot is over like
we know what happened that guy's got
caught we understand we have
transparency now we get have it all I
know and so usually in the movie we're
getting ready for the credits at this
point I still think the credits are a
long way off good evening right good
evening Rachel I just welcome the end
because I want to see how the
investigation turns out so I'm just
gonna toward the end of this book James
Comey says I am writing in a time of
great anxiety in my country I understand
the anxiety but also believe America is
going to be fine so someone believes
America is going to be fine someone who
knows an awful lot about exactly where
America is right now and we all have a
part in making sure that that's true so
yeah thanks thank you Rachel
Thank You Rachel thanks Rachel thank you
Rachel thank you thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights and
you can get more videos from MSNBC for
free every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
