so uh how was work today oh you know
really bad mostly just preparing to go
to jail and stuff they said I might get
20 years unless like give you up I've
heard you I was fun yeah it's a cat
plus there's a free gym dude you idiot
so Jax are you even have programs in
jail when you can get a real law degree
SNL roasting Michael Cohen as a mediocre
lawyer headed for jail the
self-proclaimed fixer now sits in the
red-hot core of two of trumps biggest
legal problems paying off stormy Daniels
and taking money from a firm linked to
its sanction Russian oligarch and for
all the strange events in the first year
that Miller probed the news that the
feds raided the president's lawyer was a
true bombshell late word of an FBI raid
on the Manhattan offices of President
Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen
agents also hit Cohen's hotel room
seizing Records after getting a referral
from the special counsels office but
what records many legal experts were
noting at the time that those kind of
tough tactics were unlikely to be
deployed if the only issue were stormy
Daniels and that was correct Cohen is
now implicated in many other issues
operating a slush fund to sell
corporations access to his boss
allegedly seeking payments from foreign
governments the kind of pay-for-play
that can break the law without the right
registration and which Donald Trump
campaigned against it's called
pay-for-play pay-for-play corruption to
pay for pay its pay for play which is
illegal a hundred percent illegal I'm
joined now by Randal Elias in a former
federal prosecutor he writes in the
Washington Post Michael Cohen is in
serious legal jeopardy the Reverend Al
Sharpton my colleague president National
Action Network host of politics nation
and a player in his own right in New
York politics in the land of Donald
Trump of Michael Cohen and shall be
holiday back with us of course from The
Wall Street Journal revs starting with
you as someone who knows how these
people work and has been around Trump
and Cohen in New York this wasn't just
any aide to Donald Trump no he was
his god that would really fix things
I remember when Trump started getting
very political on the birther issue it
was calling that set up the meeting with
Trump and I where Trump wanted me to
stop calling him a racist and saying
that the birther movement was race-based
and corn sat in the meeting I mean so
corn did all kind of duties on behalf of
Donald Trump what did you glean about
him and the trust that Trump puts in him
from from those dealings I think that as
much as Donald Trump is capable of
trusting someone it would have been
calling now that I don't think that he
has a lot of trust in anybody are you
suggesting that Donald Trump has trust
issues
I suggest that very strongly I think
Donald Trump is for Donald Trump which
is why I think Cohen has some very
serious thinking to do about what he is
going to do now that he is facing
serious time if any of the reports that
we are reading about end up becoming
true Shelby you've been covering this
story with us here on the beat since the
inception it wasn't clear exactly where
this tour me Daniels case would go but
everyone can now remember those fateful
words Donald Trump said on Air Force One
and knowing what we all now publicly
know it is remarkable in the form of a
self damaging dare take a look
ask Michael call I think you bring up a
really important point because Trump's
public statements we don't know what
he's saying to Coen privately but his
public statements have been very
distanced from Michael Cohen he's
backing off of you know his fix-it man
his right-hand man in a big way he's
saying these are Michael's business
dealings
this was Michael's legal issue you'll
have to ask Michael Cohen he also
pointed out Michael Cohen is my attorney
he said that in April so the fact that
Michael Cohen was still considered the
president's attorney given all of the
weird business dealings he was involved
in also raises some major ethical and
legal questions for the for the
president but I do think one of the most
fascinating things about this saga is to
watch how what the president has was
sort of publicly thrown Michael cone
under the bus and Michael in return and
through various people in the media has
warned the president don't go there well
under the bus and then really put it in
reverse and backed up over yeah
astonishing to people close to Michael
come Wilde Randall I want to play for
you something else that's come up in the
first year the probe which is what is
known in legal circles as bonkers
interviews we've had a few of them
including one with a man who preceded
Michael Cohen as Donald Trump's chief
lawyer who didn't have great things to
say about Cohen do you think Michael
Cohen's job at times was to keep the mob
away from Donald Trump well if he says
he was a fixer then the question is what
did he fix and what needed fixing what
needed fixing was relations with the mob
and shakedowns by the mob so the tip you
know strikes and maybe labor peace and
all course Randle that's not a critic of
Donald Trump that's Donald Trump's
longtime lawyer who said I'm gonna
repeat what Michael Cohen was doing was
dealing with what needed fixing and what
needed fixing was quote relations with
the mob you know I think it's pretty
clear that Michael Cohen was deeply
involved in a lot of president Trump's
activities and are even before he was
president of course and we don't yet
know what all is going to come out of
this the the key thing I think to
remember is that Robert Muller he's
months ahead of the rest of us when it
was revealed that
no the his investigators spoke I think
last November to some of these
corporations that were paying Michael :
these large retainers that we just
learned about a few weeks ago so there's
clearly a lot going on that Michael
Cohen has a lot to be nervous about
and I think receptive wait and see what
what Muller's investigation the other
investigations reveal about the depth
and the nature of these ties it's
important to remember that there's a lot
that goes on in this type of activities
such as the retainers from these
corporations that might be sleazy and
unethical and the Washington swamp but
not necessarily illegal and so sorting
all of that out is going to take some
time well based on what we do know what
do you think was the most likely
criminal evidence predicate for those
dramatic searches then again it's hard
to know not being involved in the grand
jury investigation but it sounds like
things related to possible money
laundering or real estate deals in in
New York may be campaign finance
violations related to the stormy Daniels
payoff but I doubt that that would alone
be the basis of it right this aggressive
step Reverend Sharpton Michael avenatti
emerged as well as first Michael Cohen's
adversary and lawyers fight all the time
but then it's something of more of a
tormentor and it's Cohen now who's under
serious federal probe not avenatti we
spoke to him when this all started to
come out and he felt it was predicting
like a Christmas gift when Donald Trump
put Cohen on blast take a look
we waited patiently and lo and behold
christmas has arrived the president's
comments on Air Force One have are
serious for him serious for Michael
Cohen how can you have an agreement when
one party claims that they don't know
anything about the agreement I mean
these guys are making it up as they go
along
where have you seen a lot of different
things in New York politics could you
ever have imagined that Michael avenatti
a civil plaintiff's attorney
representing this adult film actress
would would turn out to be such a key to
Michael Cohen's undoing no you would
never predict it but I think that what
Evan aadhi has done and in probably more
subtle ways the
Mulla investigators have done his
identify cohen as the one that if you
penetrate him at best you may find out
things if they don't already have them
and at worse you put trump in a very
precarious position because if if cohen
says yes i did certain things with the
knowledge of donald trump the only one
that can deny that is Donald Trump would
leads to Trump having to testify or say
something under oath or it is left
unanswered and that's a very dangerous
position for the president right hey I'm
already melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
