welcome back to Morning Joe former
national security adviser dr. Spig Neff
Brzezinski my father spent his entire
adult life working on issues of
geopolitics and foreign policy we
recently sat down with author and
historian Justin bass his new biography
is big Neff Brzezinski America's grand
strategist traces my dad's influence on
the global stage the pictures right now
are bringing me back in time back to
when I was 12 years old actually but you
say there are a few grand strategists in
modern American history and my father
was one of them exactly when I started
this research I discovered that at
Harvard University in the course of the
fifties year the concentration of great
minds you add speak Brzezinski you add
Henry Kissinger you had some Huntington
who then became famous for its clash of
civilization book and and others and
that was really a sort of incubator for
thinking about America's relations with
the world and all of these men had a
profound impact on America's foreign
policy so how would you describe my
father's impact on American foreign
policy it was spoken complete paragraphs
so you will be required to do so quite a
challenge you know I guess the reason
why he made such such an impact was
first because of his longevity during
six decades
he kept advising American American
presidents on u.s. foreign policy second
thing it was fiercely independent so it
was more of a Democrat than a Republican
but whenever it is agreed with the
Democrats then he would support the
Republican candidates for example he did
not endorse George McGovern in 72 and he
endorsed George HW Bush in 1988 because
he thought the democratic candidate was
not a state so independence longevity
and also a massive output of thinking
books etc fiercely independent show and
also fierce of yet fiercely independent
also very fierce towards critics and
those that his daughter knew at
on TV a very kind you know a very kind
and gentle man behind closed doors and I
just I was wondering if you could draw
out that part of his personality that
always surprised me that Mika always
talked about two friends when he would
be fierce on television she always said
we grew up around Republicans because my
father wanted to have everybody wanted
everybody to have a seat at the table
and the Chancellor condi rice condi rice
Madeleine Albright Bob gates leaders
from both parties actually worked on his
staff and that's what he embraced people
that would challenge him could you could
you explain that part of his personality
in his leadership yes so an anecdote is
that when he played tennis until very
late in the 2000s when it was already in
his early 80s and he didn't play to just
enjoy the game he played to win no and
so that's the way he also saw arguments
even around the dinner table at home and
he was he had very little patience for
bladder or for half-baked arguments was
always insisting whether it would be his
kids or his students that that people
make an argument have knowledge of what
they're talking about and also construct
some kind of you know some kind of
vision some kind of argumented strategy
vision yes he always wanted me Joe to
articulate my vision at the dinner table
and it often did just following up with
that anecdote Willie Micah's youngest
daughter went to Madeira and actually
has lived with the present' skis for a
year in high school and she and her
grandfather would go out and play tennis
regularly almost every day and Carly
would say that when they came up from
the house from the tennis courts to the
house somebody would ask how did the
game go if he won he said well it was
wonderful it was a wonderful game and if
he lost to his granddaughter he said
what do you know not there was not much
to talk granddad's let the
granddaughters win now they can feel
good no no no he went for the jugular
my dad never asked me dinner table up my
strategic vision I know about what
Winfield did for the really chilling let
me tell you this book is incredible
Justin and I it's so interesting you
talked about the longevity that dr.
Pierzynski had from LBJ through Barack
Obama and those are a series of very
different presidents with very different
views of the world and they represent
different parties what was it about dr.
Kaczynski that made each of those
presidents along that line seek out his
counsel and they didn't view it in a
partisan way as if I'm a you know he
might not be a member of my party today
I don't think Donald Trump would for
example bring in somebody who perhaps
challenged his worldview the way dr.
Burzynski did many of these presidents
know he got along with most of them of
course he was an advisor it was the
national security adviser for Jimmy
Carter but right after Ronald Reagan
consulted him on various occasions to
the to the surprise of his staff and the
only president with whom he did not get
along was George W Bush he fiercely
opposed the Iraq war he thought it was a
mistake and so he didn't get along with
Bush at all but as early as July 2007 he
met with Barack Obama who was then not
very well known and and found him to be
a strikingly smart and and and able to
reflect and to have that strategic
vision that insisted all presidents
should have
thank you very much the book is vignette
Brzezinski America's grand strategist
Justin vase thank you very much
coming up as friends and family gather
on this Memorial Day a new book is
exploring the inner dynamic behind those
social settings why we meet and why it
matters is a different way of thinking
about things and that's next on morning
Jeff
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
