at one point he started to attack the
press and it's just me and my boss in
him and he has a huge office and he's
attacking the press and there were no
cameras there was nothing going on and I
said you know that is getting tired why
are you doing this you're doing it over
and over and it's boring and it's it's
time to end that you know you've won the
nomination and why do you keep hammering
at this and he said you know why I do it
I do it to discredit you all and demean
you all so when you write negative
stories about me no one will believe you
CBS correspondent Lesley Stahl revealed
that shortly after his election victory
Donald Trump let slip the reason he so
often attacks the press if you the
American people don't trust the media
you also won't believe what we say or
write about him it's been over a year
and a half since he made those remarks
so is it working
and how should the press cover a
president that is so intent on
discrediting them join me now Gabriel
Sherman special correspondent for Vanity
Fair Maria Teresa Kumar and Fernand
armondi are back with me as well and
Gabe this week we were treated to Donald
Trump actually attempting to dispute the
fact that a senior administration
official who now at this point everyone
immediate knows who they are gave a
briefing to a room full of reporters
both on the phone and in the briefing
there that everyone knows really
happened
he simply tweets that it didn't happen
yeah there is there it is that the New
York Times invent data senior White
House official who doesn't exist and
this was about the tanking of or maybe
replanting of the North Korea summit so
he goes out there and he claims with all
caps yeah this person isn't real this
person is real there was a room full of
people who saw them this is gas lighting
on a level that we have I don't think
we've ever seen coming out of oil yeah I
think that's clear and I think if you're
part of the 30% of America that is a
trump supporter his reality his what he
says is the reality not what is
objective reality that any other person
with their own eyes can see and I think
that is scary I think that the question
is is that base that 30% enough to
keep him sort of his political survival
or is that a dwindling core and I think
the next you know several months as this
Robert Muller investigation reaches its
endpoint as it seems that's going to be
the question I think that is why he's so
intent on defining his own reality
because he knows that his survival
depends on but I mean we asked that
question in the media and I'm wondering
if that is the wrong question because I
almost feel like the media predicates
the importance it puts on a story on
whether that 30% cares about it yeah so
if Trump voters don't care about it it
isn't important some things are just
objectively important yeah right and so
is the media doing too much excavation
of Trump voters feelings and if they
don't care then the media says well
maybe it's not that important because it
won't stop him from being reelected well
that was the you know in the post
election post 2016 there was this
endless rush of sort of understanding
the Trump voter I mean I think the
question of whether we should cover the
president's tweets I mean they are
presidential statements I mean I think
to ignore what the president is stating
even if it is a falsehood or a lie I
think is its own sort of form of bias I
think the most important thing though is
to expose the lies and the falsehood and
the gaslighting and just hope that over
the long term there is such a thing as
reality that there there cannot be this
sort of manufactured or sort of putin
like russia like reality where the
Kremlin makes their own reality in
Russia that is like Trump is attempting
to do here in the United States yeah
absolutely and one more question on this
is the media also complies and obeys the
edict that now you're not supposed to
play the audio of that real person
giving a briefing you're not supposed to
give their name why why does the media
uphold the rules when Trump says this
person yeah everyone knows who they are
isn't real well that is a great question
that should you know will be debated in
journalism schools I mean I guess the
question where I come down is do you you
know if you honor a background agreement
if someone deals with you in bad faith
does that entitle you to then break
those sort of journalistic ground rules
I worry that if it does it defines sort
of behavior downwards that we are all
then subscribing to the worst intentions
we're sort of following Trump's rule
whereas basically any deal can be broken
if I interview a source and I say agree
to keep this on background yeah
- then out them after the fact I feel
uncomfortable I hear you okay let's talk
a little bit about the other thing that
he does and I'm glad we still have Maria
Teresa and four Non here I want to play
some NBC reports from the 1990s let's go
back to the 90s for just a second - era
take a listen at the White House itself
more awkward attempts at damage control
and what's fast becoming known as
travelgate problem number two travelgate
the chairman of the House Committee
investigating travelgate says the issue
here is honesty so that is the wave of
media participated in the branding of
something called travelgate there was
travelgate filegate
whitewater there all these things that
even if you don't know what they are
specifically for non you know they were
bad things the Clinton people did write
and they were branded that way the media
has been very reluctant to do that with
Russia gate with Donald Trump it's just
sort of this amorphous group of things
that happen and the public is completely
confused by all the names etc is is that
something that let's talk to the
Democrats is that something that they've
done wrong you know there's no question
I think you open up a great
philosophical question here if the media
is not doing its job the mainstream
media and we're not talking of course
about Fox News but the mainstream media
joy or are they complicit or do they in
essence become state media because you
know folks like to obsess about Trump's
media strategy let's unpack and walk
that back it's not Trump's media
strategy it's Putin's media strategy or
you might say a dictators media strategy
I'm the son of Cuban American exiles I
have seen what happens and I know what
happens when you lose your country the
first thing the totalitarian autocrat
does is demoralize diminish and try and
discount the validity of the mainstream
media Trump is doing nothing different
here than any other dictator has done
whether it be in Venezuela
whether it be in Cuba Turkey China North
Korea any part of the world the idea is
to sabotage the media so that the public
therefore ends up in this state of
confusion so I think the media does have
an obligation joy to call it out and you
can do that in a way without violating
any journalistic standards and it starts
with saying Oh
eyes are being said not falsehood lies
deliberate deception which is what the
president is doing in that Lesley stock
clip he is deliberately deceiving so yes
I think part of this branding is on the
media because they have the platform and
the voice to take these messages to the
public at large absolutely in India
marie-therese that you'll 11 play one
more soundbite and this is Lou Dobbs and
this is Donald Trump taking credit for
creating a brand that we here for a
catchphrase we here literally every day
take a listen it is so fake and you know
I have come up with some pretty good
name so people is I think one of the
best names is you know I've really
started this whole fake news thing now
they've turned it around and then now
they're calling you know stories put out
by Facebook fake and they're fake no no
he didn't invent the term fake news
BuzzFeed BuzzFeed first coined it they
were talking about peer these teens in
the Balkans who were duping Trump
supporters who would fake news
ironically enough and there's but he
didn't he may not have come up with it
but he did popularize it there's a
Google Trends chart that I want to put
up now that shows look at that the term
fake news is being used for years right
it's being used loci and then it just
spikes and February of 2017 when it is
being used ubiquitously by Donald Trump
including coming up with a fake news
Awards he claimed he was gonna have back
in 2017 so he does have the ability to
brand and his phraseology gets picked up
by even the press well and it gets
picked up by by other authoritarian
regimes Filipinos Duarte is now using it
Maduro is also using it we could go down
a litany of other authoritarian
individuals that basically want to
control their people and their press it
is not something that we should we
should take lightly and I think instead
of saying fake news every time he says
that we should basically say what is he
holding back but I want to go down a
little deeper with what Fernan was
saying my family fled Colombia and
Colombia why every other means would
have been a failed state what kept
Colombia from being a failed democracy
was that the institutions of Justice the
Justice Department and the courts and
journalism were the ones that basically
kept that country from being completely
failed they also happen to be if you
were a judge or a journalist in Colombia
during a really dark
period of the 1980s and 1990s your life
was on the line and we have to make sure
that he is that Trump is taking a
playbook directly from that he wants to
make sure with the Moller investigation
he wants to make sure that we are
questioning our courts we're questioning
the FBI he also wants to make sure that
there's a lingering question mark every
time the mainstream media basically
makes a pronouncement of hizmet his his
misdeeds my concern though is that we
are playing so much into that 30% who
voted for Donald Trump and we're not
taking into account the three million
people plus more that did not vote for
him the people that actually put Hillary
Clinton in the popular vote what are Y
did they vote for her what are the
issues that are really people are
grappling with we spent so much time
trying to figure out the other side but
in reality the majority of Americans are
not aligned yeah how do we make sure
that we address their needs and make
sure that that those voices become much
more visible try let me do a great job
every single every single weekend but we
need more of that I think it's a very
good important point I mean as you said
you know three million or four almost
four million more people voted for
Hillary Clinton and no one is asking
them how they feel you know whether it
is incredible and you made the point
Marisa about the FBI look at these
numbers
Republicans favorability of the FBI
think about this for just a second you
know Democrats included like a lots of
black people who remember the FBI spied
on dr. King right so there has been this
sort of negative attitude toward the FBR
let's say suspicion you know but you
have now Democrats favorable
overwhelmingly about the FBI Republicans
unfavorable toward the FBI and sort of
mixed mostly favorable but still under
50% even with independence and I wonder
you know and I'll throw this open to the
panel whether or not this dragging down
of even federal law enforcement
institutions by Trump is actually
working for him well I'll just jump in
here I think Dan Balz had a piece in The
Washington Post this morning that asked
that very question and his reporting
shows that it is in fact it's moving
public opinion away from the
independence of the Justice Department
so that whatever Muller finds will be
entering into this partisan cloud and if
you're inclined to be a trump supporter
you will discredit it independence might
throw their hands up and say I don't
know it's a wash and that's the problem
because Donald Trump does not he's not
bound
by rules of probity and silence whereas
Robert Mullins or shame and Robert
Muller is Robert Mullins just doing his
job yeah we don't know if the
fundamental facts of what he's uncovered
until he delivers them to the Justice
Department or Congress and so the fact
is this is a one-sided fight yeah
unfortunately Trump is able to use that
vacuum in other words no he's not a
brand I want to show you all something
this is this is I brought this specially
for you for not so we're gonna talk this
per sec because you do pull it and I'm
obsessively a little bit okay what is
this what would you call this okay what
would you call this coca-cola you'd call
it a coke right what would you what
would you call these q-tips right what
would you what would you call this
Kleenex
right okay Kleenex is a brand these are
tissues but we just reflexively refer to
them as Kleenex because Kleenex has done
such a great job branding that they are
you they are the the euphemism they are
the term for this Xerox has done it with
copy machines q-tips has done this with
cotton swabs right so we substitute the
brand for the thing and it's been very
effective and companies who are really
good at it are really good at it you
know for non I wonder trump is really
good at it you know he brands Marco
Rubio little Marco he brands Jeb
low-energy Jeff Democrats are bad really
bad at it why are Democrats so bad at it
well because we like to think and a
little bit more explicit terms than the
average you know simpleton which is what
I think this Trump
lowest-common-denominator branding does
but let me let me go back to this point
that you made joy because I think we've
taken some shots I think that the media
deservedly but part of the reason a lot
of these institutions in this Trump
branding works is because of a
blind-spot that I don't think the
founders even thought of when they set
up this wonderful system called the
United States with the separation of
powers what we've seen here is that
Trump is relying on his salespeople and
those are the Republicans these
complicit Vichy Republicans the same
Republicans who during the campaign
called him a con man a liar a trade or a
pathological distorter of truth are now
mimicking and carrying these messages
that Trump talks about whether it's
around the FBI the intelligence agencies
or even the mainstream media for that
matter and I think that is the
durability that Americans couldn't count
on a whip count on that Republican Party
members would be so explicit in turn and
in coping to this fake news phenomenon
yeah and he learned from his favorite TV
set his favorite TV channel and that's
exactly right joy he learned it from the
Fox News Fox News has become a dotted
line to state propaganda and when we
asked him you know ask ourselves why do
the 30 million people still support
Donald Trump it's because they are in a
media echo chamber they're listening it
on radio they're listening it on their
Facebook feeds they're listening it on
when they turn on Fox News and then the
presidential tweets and Ferdinand's
absolutely right and then all the
Republicans basically go ahead and
retweet this exact same thing we are not
penetrating that we have to figure out
how do we do so because a lot of these
these a lot of these people that voted
for Trump I would say our American
patriots as well and happy but they just
are not getting the actual news yeah I
mean and last one to you on this game
because literally the polling shows a
majority of people don't even know there
have been indictment they don't know
yeah well cause if you're living in that
echo chamber they're just certain
stories that aren't covered and so this
is a sort of information wasteland that
if you can't get out of it you're just
basically blinded blindly walking to the
darkness yeah all you know is which on
which hosts which on and that is a big
thing in the work site gabe's Irving
thank you very much Maria Teresa and for
non wolf feedback think you gave have a
great Memorial Day weekend more am
driving
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
