welcome back to the studio
we've had 17 released and we're very
proud of that record very proud and we
have others coming we're in the midst of
some very big negotiations to get others
out good morning and welcome to am joy
well it's a well-known secret that
reality television like Pro Wrestling
isn't really real the drama and the
conflicts that make the audience go wild
are largely scripted the same could be
said about the reality TV presidency
this polarizing cocktail of government
and shock-jock entertainment where
buzzwords and branding go a lot farther
than actual fact that logic knows this
and his ability or rather his compulsion
to lie even about things that are easy
to prove has in a crazy way actually
helped him allowing him to play the
victim for his fans and distract the
rest of us from his multiple
controversies and policy failures which
is why now as we pass the one-year mark
on Special Counsel Robert mullahs probe
we're seeing Trump peddle yet another
fake scandal to distract from the real
potential crisis dogging his presidency
the mounting evidence at the Trump
campaign cooperated with Russia's attack
on our democracy and that the President
of the United States obstructed justice
in an attempt to cover it up that very
simply is Russia gave the fake scandal
that Trump scripted for us in the media
this week has a name one we're not going
to repeat this morning and it has tweets
to go with it which I am NOT going to
read because reading those tweets is
what he wants us to do but the focus of
this latest reality show episode is a
revival of the lie that the FBI under
President Obama spied on Trump's
campaign in 2016
it's the latest effort in Trump's
ongoing crusade to discredit the Muller
investigation and to make you doubt it
the crusade that's fueling the Trump
train and forcing the rest of us to
ponder is Russia gate at this point so
riddled with Trump lies and chaos and
confusion that he could actually avoid
taking the fall joining me now is
congresswoman Maxine Waters of
California one of the most vocal Russia
gate critics on the hill and
congresswoman thank you for being here
good morning good morning and I'm
delighted to be with you again thank you
you know I'm glad
talk to you this morning because I feel
like you know you're one of the few
Democrats who seems to understand that
the that you have to have a strong
public kind of almost branded
counterweight to Donald Trump because he
is running this show it's sort of like a
reality show in which he floods the zone
with constant new episodes new
controversies new made-up scandals that
completely take us off the plot are you
concerned that your party is so
determined not to Center Donald Trump
that they are avoiding the fact that he
is the center of he is the center right
now you know I'm very concerned that
given all that we have learned about
this president given all of the
connections of his allies and the people
around him to Russia rather it's to
Putin or the Kremlin or the oligarchs
given the fact that our special counsel
has indicted a man afford given the fact
that we know that plan was invited to
come to Russia and he was there he sat
with Putin he even earned money on a
speaking engagement and on and on and on
that there's not an understanding about
the danger of this president and the way
that he has lied and the way that he has
tried to divert attention the way that
he has tried to undo the investigation
and say that it is not lawful it is not
legal
that Muller should not be doing what
he's doing I mean the information that
we know and the evidence that we see
about him trying to undermine the
investigation the obstruction of justice
that's unfolding right before our very
eyes and the Republicans are not
standing up and and parting from this
man and the Democrats feel that if in
somehow we continue to talk about him
and focus on him that that's going to go
against us rather than help us to
you know get him focused on by the
American public in ways that they will
understand the danger so it is
frustrating but I think that I am
absolutely correct in what I'm seeing
what I have learned I believe he is
dangerous and I believe that unless we
move collectively
in a bipartisan way that this man is
going to be very destructive to our
democracy you know and to that very
point congresswoman I mean we have seen
multiple guilty pleas and indictment
doesn't to put them up on the screen for
it for the audience Michael Flynn
pleaded guilty George papadopolis who
works with the campaign pleaded guilty
Rick gates Richard Pineda Alex
vanderzwaan Paul man where you go on and
on not 13 Russian nationals there been
multiple indictments and yet
congresswoman the global strategy group
did a poll and they asked people a cup
of a lot of questions but here are a
couple how much have you heard about the
Muller investigation look at that most
people say they've heard a lot the
people who say they've heard a lot the
most intense er Republicans they say
they've heard a lot the most right but
when you ask people has the probe
uncovered crimes I just show do the
people pleaded guilty
no a majority of americans say they do
not know that there have been crimes
uncovered and look at republicans 85%
say that to their knowledge no crimes
have been uncovered and I'll show you
one more thing a word Club the same
organization did where they asked for
your sort of stream of consciousness
what's the word that comes to mind look
at that Donald Trump's favorite buzzword
witch-hunt are you concerned that the
the general public particularly you know
Republicans are just for Trump so maybe
we should discount that but I even see
independence in this poll not even
knowing that there have been crimes
uncovered yeah I am concerned but you
know the way it has unfolded there's so
much information that's coming out
almost on a daily basis that the average
American just can't keep up with it you
know people go to work they go about
their lives they may turn on television
on the so-called news hour in the
evening or maybe catch a little bit in
the morning but they don't know
all of the details and they don't
understand you know how many countries
have been indicted three countries
involved in this already they don't know
how many people have been indicted they
don't know they may know about men
afford or they may know about Flynn but
they don't know about Papadopoulos they
don't know about gates they don't know
about the others who are entangled in
this mess but they should know this they
should know that something is terribly
wrong that there's all of these
connections that have been uncovered
with Russia they should know about now
the two meetings that jr. Trump jr. has
had with Russians and they should know
that there was an attempt to create a
back panel a back channel rather to
Putin and connect our president and
Putin in some ways they should know the
basics but they don't know the details
but that's okay we cannot give up
we cannot allow him to destruct this
investigation in the way that he's doing
he lied about a spy being embedded in
his campaign
there's been no spy embedded in his
campaign he's lying about which out but
you notices he says which are over and
over again he has learned some of the
Russia tactics about how you you know
deal with getting people to believe you
you say it over and over again and he
has discredited the media by saying it
over and over again there's no witch
hunt there's no spot but he thinks that
you know this lesson that he's learned
and I think it is from the Russian
tactics that he's learned this over the
years that if he says it enough he can
get people to believe it yeah it is it's
a frightening concept you know as a
citizen to think that so many fellow
citizens either don't know or don't care
about foreign involvement in our
election system but you have been
consistent in it congresswoman Maxine
Waters thank you very much and have a
wonderful Memorial Day weekend and thank
you very much you just keep on going I
love what you're doing I love the way
you handle the news and I'm so
appreciative for the information that
you share with this country and with the
world
Conklin waters thank you so much all
right thank you and joining us now our
panel Natasha Baer Toronto the Atlantic
Republican strategist for mercury public
affairs Kate and Dawson democratic
pollster for non-ahmadi
and Maria Theresa Kumar of voto Latino
thank you all very much on Natasha I'm
gonna come to you first because just as
an example of I mean what Trump it does
I mean he he is clever at one thing
which is branding he labels people
things he says little Marco suddenly
people think little Marco when they see
Marco Rubio he says low-energy Jeb
people think Low Energy job he's good at
branding and giving things nicknames but
he also is so brazen about saying things
that are not only a lie but that are
just an easily disapproval either sound
or something to back it up I want to
show one example here this is an element
to from our producers this is a Trump
tweet on Thursday morning in which he
claims that the former Director of
National Intelligence Jim clapper has
admitted that there was spying his
campaign he claims that he did it's
admitted that monies paid these people
it's all these details in it he puts his
tagline in there which he wants the
media to say his hashtag that he wants
everyone to repeat that ends up in all
these headlines now let us actually play
James clapper former DNI under President
Obama and what he actually said was the
FBI spying on Trump's campaign oh no
they were not they were spying on a term
I don't particularly like but on what
the Russians were doing trying to
understand where the Russians
infiltrating trying to gain access
trying to gain leverage and influence
did the intelligence community spy on
President Trump in his campaign no we
did not and that is a distortion of what
I said you know as a journalist you've
been covering this Russia gate
phenomenon seen as long as we've been
covering it complexity is not your
friend in this right for the average
person so how you know from a
journalistic point of view do get your
arms around something that Donald Trump
can pick out one fact which is that the
FBI was trying to find out if the
Russians were infiltrating his campaign
he turns that into spying and he
obscures even though there are easily
provable facts that disprove it right
and the question that seems to be on
everyone's mind now is when do you call
it a lie
is a demonstrable falsehoods for example
and this is something where we're all
wondering is this something that's
pathological where he just does not
understand the difference between a lie
and the truth at this point because
everything to him is just spin or is it
deliberate and based on what Lesley
Stahl said last week about house attacks
on the media where he said I do it for a
specific purpose I have a strategy here
essentially i discredit you because I
want it to whenever you write something
negative about me I don't want anyone to
believe you that really was was a window
into his mindset here and it's it makes
you wonder is it worse that he might not
understand the difference between truth
and lie or is it writers that he's
actually this is all very deliberate and
of course this is part of a larger
pattern ever since last year he has been
trying thing after thing to discredit
the Russian investigation first it was
the unmasking scandal with the help of
Devon Nunez right then it was you know
it was wiretapping then it was the FISA
warrant on carter page and now it's this
idea that there was a spy embedded in
his campaign which of course is just not
true the informants are used by the FBI
all the time there are actually specific
guidelines that are encouraging of the
FBI to use human sources because they're
just more effective and yeah I think
that he is deliberately trying to
obfuscate from the fact that the FBI was
so concerned about the Trump campaigns
willingness to kind of solicit
international help for his campaign not
even just from Russia but for knighted
Arab Emirates from Saudi Arabia that
they went as far as to send someone to
actually communicate with members of his
campaign to see if there was something
awry there so yeah
and you know for non you know I'm glad
to have you here today my friend because
you have a few different skill sets that
are appropriate here you you're a
pollster and very good one and you vote
but you've also done talk radio so you
have been on the receiving end of the
recipients of this kind of information
and I know you like me have your Twitter
feed filled with disinformation that
people seem to genuinely believe can we
put this word cloud back up again this
is something you'd be very familiar with
obviously from your work in polling the
idea that Trump has been able to get to
distill down what the Russia gate
scandal is there's a pretty simple
scandal Russians infiltrate the campaign
Trump tries to cover it up by firing Jim
Comey and other things it's pretty
simple but the complexity of the
tails has made witch-hunt an easier
thing to remember is there a way that
you can that that can be countered I
believe so but we have to acknowledge
that Trump is right now
winning the branding war but part of it
is because I think joy the media the
mainstream media has a responsibility to
do what this show is doing start
ignoring his lies they're not falsehoods
their lies their conscientious
deliberate lies and start focusing on
the facts I have to go back to what to
me is the most incredible revelation of
the week which is former national
director of Intelligence James clapper
and let's understand who James clapper
is James clapper is the most respected
experienced decorated intelligence
officer of the last 50 years he is the
Robert Muller of intelligence officers
and he has revealed this week what many
of us who have our eyes open have
suspected he has gone on record and said
he believes that Putin personally
directed this operation this attack
against the United States which put
Donald Trump in office what is he saying
and how does this go to the Trump
branding what James clapper is saying is
that Donald Trump is illegitimate he is
an illegitimate President of the United
States and I think this is what the
mantra needs to be said to the American
people you have the person who looked at
the evidence looked at the facts during
and after the election and is saying in
no uncertain terms he does not trust
this president he feels the evidences
for collusion he feels that the evidence
hits it treason so when we say joy this
is not normal we got to go beyond that
this is sabotage the President of the
United States is illegitimate and that
is what the media I think needs to start
pointing to those facts five guilty
pleas 19 indictments 75 criminal charges
yeah and you know Katyn I think what
really disturbs you know those of us
have been following this from since the
campaign is that the goal on the Trump
side obviously is to exonerate himself
to get away with it right and and to
extricate himself in case anyone else is
indicted or their additional indictments
that he doesn't go down with the ship
but also to convince the voters
that you work with every day and the
campaign's that you work on that even if
it's true it doesn't matter right that
even if a foreign government helped
Donald Trump become president so what
right that to get American citizens to
not mind that that's the way a president
comes into office or to think that
there's so much other random you know
corruption that it's all just all of a
piece and the person is who are helping
him do that include people who've also
sworn to uphold the Constitution the
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is
helping Devin Nunez a California
congressman who was part of the Trump
campaign of the transition he was on the
transition he's obviously trying to
destroy the mulher investigation even by
revealing classified information the
Speaker of the House is backing him up
and helping him do that rather than
upholding the Constitution he's on Nunez
aside here is Paul Ryan on Thursday
being asked if he even believes this
absurd conspiracy theory that Donald
Trump was being spied on tickle isn't
know the answer to that question he does
know the answer that question Katyn and
I am concerned that your party is you
know Steve Schmidt has put it in much
tougher terms the former McCain campaign
manager is literally saying we don't
care about the national interest we only
care about protecting Trump Katyn yeah
you know I think you're using the word
cover-up maybe it's what you're accusing
us of it's the president's been
brilliant at obviously changing the
conversation on numerous fronts I picked
up the word spy this morning in a group
I was in so it's he's able and financed
right he's able to win the argument
because of the coverage that he gets
continually on changing the conversation
I mean the thing that I'm sure that we
are the most concerned about is the
obstruction of justice that's what
you're looking at that's what the fear
is with Muller and the president's doing
a pretty good job of stating his case
he's defending himself and he has a
pulpit to be able to do that with let's
talk about elections Joe and where this
matters we're in the middle of them
terms right now the president's numbers
are ticking up they are obviously do
Republicans are they concerned or do
they about Russia's meddling I mean we
we do know looking at internal polls
that people believe that Russia has been
meddling or trying to meddle in our
elections for years and years and years
and that both sides have spies not only
the Russians so do the Americans in
Russia so is this affecting the
electoral outcome not yet but I'm a lot
more positive about the midterms now
than I ever have been as being able to
keep Congress out of Nancy Pelosi's
hands and then a Republicans hands and
the Senate is looking better so the
president right now my only thought is
we're still not talking about the
advantages of the tax plans and the
policies but one thing he's been really
good at is why we're all talking about
Russia the president has been
dismantling the Obama agenda and that's
what has Republicans pretty excited you
know I love that answer disturbs me it
sounds to me like the answer is no they
do not care I wanna bring Maria Theresa
in because this is Rudy Giuliani who's
been Donald Trump's TV lawyer now asking
if he thinks there's any problem with
the federal government who was sworn to
protect United States trying to stop
Russia from messing with our elections
take a listen what's wrong with the
government trying to figure out what
Russia was up to nothing wrong with the
government doing that everything wrong
with the government spying on a
candidate of the opposition party
that's a Watergate a spy gate I mean and
without any warning to him and now to
compound that to make it into a criminal
investigation bill that's why this is a
rigged investigation Moran trees that he
used the buzzwords he used the hashtag
none of it was true
all of it and I just let's just set the
table the fact that we have Steve
Schmidt Nicole Wallace Billy Bill
Kristol Jennifer Rubin all individuals
are very much Republican Brandon that
are basically sounding the alarm loud
and clear saying what is happening in
the White House what is happening
currently in the Republican Party is not
normal should be testament to American
people that we definitely need to take a
seat back if you ask me why you have the
Republican leadership
not care is that they like power more
than country they like their power and
they like the fact that they are
pillaging at scale and doing great harm
to the American people at scale so while
we are looking over here
they are literally basically pillaging
the coffers for future generations it is
unacceptable that we do not actually
have a frank conversation yes there's a
spy ring going around and yes it is the
jobs of countries to basically be in
those rings trying to figure out how do
you diligent as one country or another
but doesn't mean that it's successful
except Abul and the fact that Russia has
been meddling are in our elections the
big issue with Russians is that they
want to make sure that we are dest
stabilized and that we do not believe in
art the power of our vote and that is
not okay and we have to make sure that
we are very clear-eyed that when it
comes to the integrity of our elections
every city every American every
concerned citizen should care yeah
absolutely I mean you know the
Republicans may enjoy the fact that
Russia is giving them entree to you know
massive tax cuts for now but how do they
know that they don't that they didn't
get the RNC's info - they knew what they
have on the Democrats they could
absolutely have a Republicans that's
what Marco Rubio thinks my guests are
all going to be backing up next the real
Trump spy scandal stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
