that's very nice thank you that's right
no bail
stop no belt stop good morning and
welcome to am joy well it was supposed
to be his Nobel worthy moment an
historic summit between North Korea and
the United States that would clear the
path to peace on the Korean Peninsula
there was so much excitement from Team
Trump that this special commemorative
coin popped up in the White House gift
shop putting the American president and
the North Korean leader referred to here
as supreme leader side by side but just
as the coins went on pre-order things
began to fall apart
leading Trump to fear that North Korea
would cancel the summit first officials
told NBC News so on Thursday morning
before Kim could break up with him Trump
broke up with Kim personally dictating a
letter canceling their June 12 meeting I
do a dramatic reading but let's let
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo do the
honors I felt that a wonderful dialogue
was building up between you and me and
ultimately is only that dialogue that
matters
someday I look very much forward to
meeting you if you change your mind
having to do with this important summit
please do not hesitate to call me or
write that was real you had to read that
Congress and key allies including the
South Koreans were kept out of the loop
and the confusion worsened when Trump on
Friday suggested that the summit could
still take place now we'll see what
happens it could even be the 12th we're
talking to them now they very much want
to do it we'd like to do it we're gonna
see what happens
everybody plays games you know that
meanwhile less than a day after Trump's
renewed optimism the leaders of the two
Koreas met at the DMZ and according to
the South Koreans discuss the renewed
possibility of a summit so will it
happen what would it happen either way
the Trump Kim coin is now on sale for
just 1995 get him while they last
joining me now Joe Cirincione president
of the Ploughshares fund the new Che
Hossein writer and commentator Newton
ECOC and writer and commentator
Christine on founder of the group women
crossed DMZ in Malcom Nance MSNBC
contributor thank you all for being here
Christine I'm gonna go to you first just
just a note to the audience is a slight
delay Christine you just returned from
the DMZ and I want to get your take on
how this thing fell apart and whether or
not President moon jae-in of South South
Korea is succeeding and trying to put it
back together
well in the last week we saw some pretty
barbed exchanges between North Korea you
know sending messages to the Trump
administration
I mean clearly targeted at John Bolton
there were two things that took place
preceding those pretty like harsh
rhetoric and one was the introduction of
b-52 bombers and f-22 Raptor fighter
jets during the us-rok war drills and
then clearly the Libyan model that John
Bolton and then Mike Pompeo later were
Claire basically stating that that was
the model for North Korea and clearly
that is not preparing the table for
peace talks that very much angered North
Korea would anger anybody who is
beginning a diplomatic process and so
North Korea sent a clear message and the
Trump administration used that
opportunity to basically unilateral
unilaterally withdraw from the June 12th
summit but as you noted there is so much
that is taking place in the last 24
hours we organized a delegation of 30
women to be here to support the peace
process and today we marched on the DMZ
1,200
Korean women marched with 30 women from
16 countries calling for a peace treaty
to end the war and it was unbelievable
that just yesterday President Trump said
that he would not meet Kim in Singapore
and so we we protested outside of the US
Embassy and you know it's so great to
know that while we were at the DMZ today
that the leaders of North and South
Korea just proceeded they were
undeterred by Trump's whiplash diplomacy
and the the peace train has left the
station and it's so heartening to see
that the two Korean leaders are
proceeding to try to end the war and you
know Joe Cirincione there you know on
the one hand you know we had some fun
with their this coin that Donald Trump
created but on the one hand you have the
Trump administration wanting full credit
for any progress toward peace on the
Korean Peninsula credit but on the other
hand it is the Trump administration that
seems to be the biggest impediment to
getting any sort of a peace deal even a
summit they are the ones who seem to be
in the way three items The Washington
Post to Christine's point about john
bolton who has always had this extremely
hawkish attitude toward really pretty
much the entire planet but but but
particularly toward north korea bolton
john bolton who's the new national
security adviser advised her the
washington post that the threatening
language was a very bad sign that the
president told advisors he was concerned
kim was maneuvering to back out of the
summit and make americans look like
desperate suitors and this was because
of North Korea and North Koreans calling
Mike Pence the American vice president
of political dummy and here is why they
did that this is a 5-4 my producers here
is Mike Pence on Fox News on Monday
threatening regime change if there's no
deal this will only end like the Libyan
model ended if Kim jong-un doesn't make
a deal the Libya model Walmart Qaddafi
who was dragged through the streets and
deposed and then we have one more piece
the NBC news report that there's
actually a divide inside the
administration between Mike Pompeo
sector of State and John Bolton several
administration officials say Pompeo who
has taken the lead in negotiating with
the North Koreans blamed Bolton for
torpedoing the progress that had already
been made try to make sense of this for
four
Joe Cirincione because you have people
in the administration who do not seem to
want a deal they want regime change you
lay that out beautifully joy so let's
try to unpack a little bit about it
first john bolton was dead wrong in the
advice he gave the president he said
that north korea was was was threatening
to pull out that is not true and you
just saw the the interest that the north
has in continuing this summit process
demonstrated dramatically on the korean
peninsula today with his meeting with
president moon president moon and paren
chairman kim not supreme leader are the
ones who have been driving this process
ever since the olympics to try to get
the this summit to happen i think
they're still both committed to it so
bolton advises the president in
correctly gives him bad advice
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and
Secretary of Defense Jim mattis are
apparently not consulted in this and and
Trump issues this impulsive letter an
embarrassing letter as you heard Mike
Pompeo read it okay then he realizes
that this has completely unnerved the US
allies in in Asia this roller coaster
diplomacy has has raised serious
questions about the reliability of
America and the credibility of our word
he then Trump appears to be backtracking
and go and now put to putting the summit
process back on this is a good move if I
were betting I would bet we're gonna
have this summit why because of what
Christine just said the peace train has
left the station there is a tremendous
interest in both Korea's and among
particularly among the South Koreans to
have a meeting to see if there's a path
forward it appears that North Korea has
been consistent about its desire to
discuss a step-by-step denuclearization
of the peninsula it's been the Americans
that have been vacillating on this and
you see that this process is in the
American side is driven largely by
Donald Trump's insecurities and his
vainglorious attitude the way he smiled
when the crowd chant Nobel he he he's
now putting the summit back on why be
cause Kim jung-un wrote him a flattering
letter I think that Trump moon and Kim
are now we invested in having this
summit go forward I predict we're going
to see a summit sooner or later yeah and
you know it is interesting to contrast
under the personality types such as we
know it Malcolm of Kim jong-un and
Donald Trump you know Tony Schwartz
actually wrote the art of the deal who
knows Trump pretty well and has some
pretty dark thoughts about him said that
Trump has a morbid fear of being
humiliated and shame this is showing the
this is showing who's the biggest and
the strongest so he is exquisitely
sensitive to the possibility that he
would end up looking weak and small
there's nothing more unacceptable to
Trump than that so you have this you
know you have an American president
whose administration is standing in the
way of peace and then his own
personality seems to be standing in the
way even when the president of South
Korea is willing to give him the credit
if that's what it takes to get peace
well his personality is driving this
entire process and to tell you the truth
I don't think he will in the end get the
credit that he's looking for he's
looking for a Nobel Prize let's let's
just put that on the table ever since
1987 when he took out that front pick
that New York Times full page article
asking the then Bush administration to
make him a nuclear negotiator for the
start talks Donald Trump has been
looking for global acclaim but what we
have here is we have a North Korea that
understands this man's ego must be
massaged and can be manipulated and they
are manipulating him there are other
regional aspects of these negotiations
that are not being satisfied Japan wants
the return of people who have been
kidnapped by North Korea South Korea
wants to reopen the relationships
between families in North and South
Korea and the industrial center that
they have and - which will if all of
these things happen create an opening
for North Korea to get more trade more
money more resources without the United
States this is a good example of why Kim
jong-un's plot plan to actually retain
those nuclear weapons has propelled him
back into the normal
routine of states he's never giving up
the bombs so he's going to get something
out of this and Trump is going to give
it to him why and that is I think a
really good point initially because you
know Donald Trump has given him the sort
of legitimacy on the world stage that he
craves he's treated him as an equal
which is something Kim jong-un has
wanted and it feels like the two Koreas
are driving everything and Trump is just
you know to be blunt they're blundering
and he's just revealing sort of his own
insecurities daily in this letter
canceling the summit Trump is subset of
dictated this letter that includes the
line you talk about your nuclear
capabilities but ours are so massive and
powerful that I pray to God they will
never have to be used then you have the
Atlantic quoting officials on the North
Koreans literally just not picking up
the phone that when the Americans are
trying to call they're just not picking
up the phone but who are they are
picking up the phone probably to China
NBC news reporting that China Beijing is
a hidden hand behind the summit's
derailment as President Xi Jinping
became increasingly anxious about the
potential reunification of the Korean
Peninsula with China on the sidelines
and here is Donald Trump claiming that
the the change happened because China
changed its because China changed its
attitude or Kim jong-un changed its
attitude it's all sort of personality
driven but Donald Trump doesn't seem to
be driving any of the actual
developments exactly joy and you know it
is personality driven but if we go back
to that letter for a second not only was
a bad breakup letter but that letter had
serious personality disorders I mean
it's like your sixth grade boyfriend
saying it's over you know my stick is
bigger than yours but you know if you
want to mean call me maybe you know this
is crazy but here's my number call me
maybe but on a much more serious no I
mean it's unbelievable that the
President of the United States wrote
that letter that letter was nuts but
things have changed in the past 24 hours
and what's crazy now is that Kim jong-un
is looking like the stable mature leader
and he has completely taken over these
talks and made the u.s. irrelevant it's
supposed to be the youth in the u.s. and
South Korea our ally getting to the
table and talking to North Korea but now
not only is the u.s. completely kind of
left out of the process but Donald Trump
the master negotiator is at home
tweeting and you know
Christene we've already pulled out of
TPP so Pacific trade is now in the hands
of China China seems to be the big
player other than South Korea in trying
to you know in sort of deciding kind of
what the future economically is in the
region how important at this point is
China relative to South Korea in making
sure that a summit actually happens I
think everybody in the region is pretty
supportive of the Korea peace process I
think the only one that's really driving
a wedge between the u.s. and our
and-and-and-and ROK is the u.s. clearly
when the Trump administration threatened
to totally destroy North Korea there
would be obviously devastating
consequences for the entire Korean
Peninsula and so I think it's really
important to remember when we were
walking today in the DMZ I was walking
with women whose siblings are still in
North Korea and when we were overlooking
the engine River across into North Korea
through those telescopes I heard a
father tell his young son those are we
are the same people but we can't see
each other so I think that we have to
bring it back to this is about the
Korean people this is a conflict that
has lasted for seven decades this is a
strip of land that is the most Ambala
you know manifestation of a long-term
division let the Korean people see peace
on the Korean Peninsula that's what they
want and and the international community
should support it and so this is not
about who is gaming who this is about
the will of the Korean people millions
of families who remain separated they
don't want to live in a perpetual state
of war the international community
should support it moon and Kim should
get the Nobel Peace Prize and you know
we shouldn't allow peace and the Korean
people to be held hostage by Trump or
the u.s. at this moment well said Bravo
and I think I think the world should
listen to what you just said Christine
the point is that the people of the
Korean Peninsula deserve to have peace
maybe the Trump administration should
just get out of the way
Joseph in Sione anusha hos saying
Christina and Malcom Nance thank you all
very much and up next the latest on
Trump's attacks in the Department of
Justice and coming up at the top of the
hour the Trump administration's horrific
policy separating asylum seekers from
their children which Trump is now
blaming on Democrats he just tweeted put
pressure on the Democrats to end the
horrible law that separates the children
from their parents once they cross the
border into the u.s. catch and release
lottery the change
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah build the wall
etc Democrats ms-13 all of the greatest
hits in that one more am joining
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
