tonight there's new heat on Trump
advisor Roger stone Bob Miller
subpoenaing to aides to stone he denies
wrongdoing but now says he's prepared to
be indicted and then there's this The
Wall Street Journal reporting a major
headline for any collusion probe Roger
stone sought information on Clinton from
Asajj emails show now that may sound
familiar because stone has long bragged
about outreach to WikiLeaks what's new
is these leaked emails revealing how far
stone went in trying to get specific
dirt on Clinton from WikiLeaks to
Journal reporting on Stone's emails with
radio host Randy cretak oh one of the
few Americans to interview with saj
critic Oh broke his silence about all
this in an interview on the beat
alleging stone was a liar and given
these new reports that impact stones
role in the Moller probe Randy credito
is back with me tonight
now whatever one thinks of the players
in this drama here's why it matters the
new emails may shed light on where
molars headed tackling the question of
whether Roger stone just hyped his
WikiLeaks contacts but never came close
to a crime or whether stone ever took
actions that could implicate him in an
election conspiracy one of the newly
leaked emails shows the two discussing a
future batch of stolen Clinton emails
and noting they could not ask Assange
for quote favors every other day a
former Clinton aide who was hacked
responding to these leaked emails with
this message I am filled with rage and
that's not all the leaked emails go past
the campaign and ended this year showing
Stone whirring the credit go was wearing
a wire for molar and credit Co had also
proclaimed he would not comply with
investigators Hillary Clinton's two
aides invoking the memo were they lying
last year so I invoked it because I do
not want to sit down with that committee
I do not believe in that committee I am
NOT happy with Adams ship that was a big
claim but like some other witnesses who
threatened not to testify we can report
tonight credit Co did back down
partially he did talk to congressman
Adam Schiff staff this Wednesday and he
joins us for his first interview since
then for this exclusive Randy credit go
thanks for being always a thrill to be
in the hot seat on the beat you work
talk to shift but you did Wednesday
why'd you change and what you discussed
well I ran across them at the White
House Correspondents Dinner we had a
nice little exchange talking about
Pasadena where he's from and where I'm
from Pomona actually and why don't we
talk so I said we'll have an informal
talk off the record I'm not going to go
in front of a stenographer or one of
your lawyers and write everything down
so he says fine
so they set it up I went down to last
Wednesday to have an informal
off-the-record discussion some
background stuff because as you know
this entire affair has totally destroyed
my life in so many ways what did they
want to know well they wanted to know
everything that you wanted to know they
wanted to know if I was the best so I
said hey look I they wanted to know
about the role you played between Roger
stone and a song yes and I said here's
what I said to them you're wasting your
time chasing rainbows on Roger stone
stop giving him so much attention he
thrives off of this I understand this
story but it's very misleading the eight
emails that lead into it miss Halliday
omitted well let's go into it let me
read from some sighs thank you today
because I'm not ashamed of this let me
go into it there's one that says please
ask Asajj for any state or HRC email
from August 10th August 30th with Roger
stone saying why do we assume wikileaks
has released everything they have what
does that early leaving out the very
first one in hell what does it say to
you what does it say to me he sent me an
email about some guy by name a dr. Paul
who met with somebody in Libya that had
something to do with Hillary Clinton I
looked at it he wanted me to put
somebody on the show I said I'll put
someone in the show I'll look at it and
then he says no you got to confirm it
first I said well Assange might be on my
show
see if WikiLeaks I said look at
WikiLeaks his website the reason that
this is of investigative interest is
whether Roger was hyping when he said
that he was using you to get to Assange
or whether there was some of that going
on these emails make it look like you
two are disgusting and cific emails at
specific times I understand how it looks
that was my first conversation with
Roger stone about Julian Assange and it
can't
when did it come like September 18th or
something like that right September 18th
the previous three months we had no
discussion no discussion on Julian
Assange or WikiLeaks so you maintain I
just want to be clear and you just spoke
to Adam shifts people you still maintain
that Roger was hyping or lying when he
said you were the intermediary yes to
get this did Julian Assange so we're
going to part two which is what people
do during an investigation which is
we've noted on this program can be
stressful
I'm gonna read here stressed at all I
feel you know you feel good good I'm
really safe here
I'm gonna read to you something that
Roger stone allegedly said to you quote
I'm gonna take that dog away from you
nothing you can do about it I'm
paraphrasing I will prove to the world
you're a liar is stone in your view
trying to threaten you so you will
change your account of his activities in
2016 I think he didn't like me being on
your show the first time why didn't he
put that in he's the one who sent that
email by the way to Halliday I sent the
previous eight emails
he's afraid I'm gonna unload on him
bringing your dog we have on the screen
why is he bringing your dog into this
because he's a sick man he is delusional
let me bring in attorney Maya Wiley who
often joins us for this part of our
program the I know the witness
discussion part and Maya take a listen
to Roger stone who said something very
unusual even for him and for anyone in
this situation on Meet the Press this
Sunday take a listen it is not
inconceivable now that mr. Muller and
his team may seek to conjure up some
extraneous crime pertaining to my
business or maybe not even pertaining to
the 2016 election how do you make sense
of what Roger stone is doing and saying
and what mr. critical alleges today
after having spoke to house
investigators which is that he believes
stone is trying to pressure him well I
certainly think if stones threatening to
steal his dog that's obviously some form
of communication of aggression yes I
think it's very clear that Roger stone
has made several statements that seem to
be contradict
did by the emails that he sent and that
may get him in trouble in terms of
perjury for instance he has said
publicly that he didn't have advanced
knowledge of the hacks then we have sam
nunn burg and another unnamed source
saying he did but then he also
constantly stated that he was only
trying to confirm the existence of
emails not that he and never suggested
that he was specifically seeking
specific types of emails and what this
exchange seems to indicate is that he
actually was looking for particular
information so you're saying from an
investigative view the particularity
that is revealed here could be bad for
stuffing correct and add to that that
remember that Donald Trump in during the
campaign was saying that he did not
support the attacks in Libya and going
after Muammar Qaddafi and Hillary
Clinton said that's a lie you made these
statements but there was a there was a
tug of war going on about the position
of Hillary Clinton in Libya and then we
have this period in which he's actually
trying to seek emails related to Libya
from a particular period of time in
August 2011 so you have to wonder are
there conversations happen what else is
filling out that picture why is he
looking for I want to ask another thing
about mr. credit go and I mean no
disrespect in this I always try to treat
everyone fairly but but Maya what do you
think of and you'll get a chance to
respond all right the pattern we see of
some of these individuals in the orbit
who are of investigative interest or at
least the congressional committees want
to speak to and some of them initially
make a big showing of saying they will
not speak or comply and then they end up
doing so well look I think it's very
hard not to comply with a subpoena
because you put yourself in legal
jeopardy if you don't I think they also
what initially happens is people don't
want to they say they don't want to it's
understandable it's scary and then at a
certain point start to see that there
may be some benefit to actually
cooperating rather than fighting okay
the reason why I went down there I went
there for a specific reason I went down
there to
ask him if you want to get to the bottom
of all this then go to London I had gone
there with a mandate from Assange for
mr. Schiff to go over there and
interview him I got the all the way from
a song him to do that what you have
Julian Assange willing to speak to Adam
Schiff yes yes he told me
when noctis yeah just before I went down
there was a secret mission well it's the
reason why I went down there to testify
when before Wednesday yes yes and why
does this eyes in your view want to
speak to you can clear it all up he's
ready to talk to Adam Schiff if he wants
to go over there he's waiting for him
this is what we do call burying the lede
because we've been speaking to you a
little bit earlier today about your
interview but this is news to me if
that's the case did Adam shifts people
seem interested in doing that interview
he said it's well noted and then I gave
him some general stuff I didn't give a
lot of information just some background
of Rogers Phelan's character his
personality his megalomania mindset and
I said now forget about don't forget
about me just jump to the chase
and see Assange he will see you I got
the permission why I got the committee
was doing it I got that quiet
why does Julian Assange want to do that
because well he's ready to show that
there is no collusion me stone he's
willing to sit down with ship and the
interview does he have any other
material that hasn't been released that
would support his side of this I think
so I think that what kind of material
would that I don't know because he
doesn't give up to sources he doesn't
give out information
he doesn't Telegraph he doesn't talk to
a lot of people for whatever reasons he
does talk to you repeat yes I was I was
able I can tell you that there's
communication between me and him and
they said let's go with this I asked
Jeff his staff and they said it's noted
and we'll see what L Rogers telling the
de saucé is willing to talk to Adam chef
no I didn't tell I didn't tell so you
guys are not coordinating at all
Rajasthan and I we really are not he has
that thing about my dog it's mild to the
kind
of harassment I've received from
Rajasthan over the last couple of weeks
Maya Wiley what do you make of this
additional statement by mr. credit go
that Asajj now is claiming he would be
willing to speak to Adam shifts
investigators I'm shocked because I
can't imagine Julian Assange who
actually has in remember that he is in
the embassy at the Ecuadorian embassy
because he's worried about extradition
he's now been being pressured out of the
embassy they disconnected him from the
Internet this is something that has been
of concern to him being forced to leave
he does not want to be extradited to the
United States and if in fact there's an
investigation around a conspiracy to
defraud the United States Julian Assange
may well be considered a co-conspirator
or at least a target definitely right it
would see her the adverse to his
interest and he seems to be very very
thoughtful about a lot of these issues
that is to say he understands how it
works my last question here then is is
it possible that he is just trolling you
and no no no I have very very solid
communications and he and people around
him want to set this up and it's been
put on the plate and it's up to mr.
Schiff if he's serious if he says he
will go
he's got the credibility I went to China
if the president is gonna meet with the
north to compress and certainly Schiff
has the credibility and the chops to go
over there and meet with mr. Assange
well mr. cretak oh you know creepy news
story you know people who know people
and you could have been anywhere in the
world tonight you here with us and we
appreciate it on your show okay Maya as
well thanks to both of you we hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
