joining me now actress Rose McGowan one
of the first women to publicly accuse
Weinstein of rape and one of the leaders
of the me to moment Rose welcome I mean
this morning it's not just important
legally but culturally Jodie Kantor of
the New York Times tweeted one phone
call and you're done
I have eyes and ears everywhere I'm
Harvey Weinstein you know what I can do
I heard that phone ring at my house
after I was assaulted and his voice
saying you're my new special friend
so his idea of friends is a is a very
last one and he very much knew what he
could do and he did for a very long time
and does that end today that ends today
how I think back to Jodie Kantor and
Megan to Lee when they were reporting
this story
they said they reached out to lots of
Hollywood elites who said to them listen
this is how Hollywood works Harvey runs
this town you're never gonna get
anywhere Harvey Weinstein being arrested
being arraigned the time's up movement
happening does that change things I
think it changes things globally I don't
know about Hollywood Hollywood is very
retro and it really you know it does
feel like I can't almost sense them
missing their king you know they're sad
about this in a lot of ways they miss
their de facto leader and it doesn't
matter that he's a rapist but it matters
to us culturally it matters to the world
and Hollywood puts its images and
thoughts out for us to see and now we
know who's behind it so you think even
though Harvey's been arrested Hollywood
doesn't change I mean we talk about it
all the time mm-hmm I think Hollywood
has operated like a mafia for so long
you know they they take a vow of omert√†
if you're in it but you know for me I
kind of said nobody asked me to take a
vow of silence so no thanks well when
you tweeted today we got you Harvey we
got you what does that mean what is his
punishment look like shame his
punishment means a power being stripped
away his
punishment means that he can't schedule
times to rape women during the day that
he doesn't have his assistance any
longer giving him his special medicine
so he can actually go in and have he can
go in and rape these women his his what
impotence medicine I mean he had
assistants that he had to pay to give
him his medicine for his penis so he
could go in and rape at his daily
appointments this is so big it's
mind-boggling and when I say everybody
knew very much everybody
when you say shame is his punishment is
that enough of punishment do you want to
see him go to jail does he need to go to
jail forever what happens next he should
go to jail forever he stole so many
lives he stole he ate he he kills he I
mean he destroyed not just careers but
like the nights that I've been on the
floor crying well he gets Oscars you
know that and the other these women we
are humans we were taken our lives were
stolen if he stole your lives did you
get it back today I think today is a
damn good start yeah you do have to be
connected to him forever
any time we hear your name we see your
face you're tied to Harvey how does that
feel it's there was a point you know in
the beginning a long time ago after it
happened and I thought I thought of it
then I thought oh my god he's gonna be
in my obituary because I knew what I was
planning it just took me 20 years to do
it and I had to make peace with him
being in my obituary are you at peace
now like do you walk away from this
happy to is today does the book does the
chapter end now or does the story still
continue for you well the story still
continues for me I'm facing some
troubles of my own through a lot of
these spies that he had interfere with
my life
through his lawyers and his complicity
machine and the people doing you know
his dirty deeds on his behalf and so for
me it's not over I don't think it's ever
over really I I don't know I think not
until he dies probably yeah Wow well
there's only two women who are cited in
this case but he's got you and over 90
accusers out there do you see yourselves
being part of this case and seeing that
he's claiming he's not guilty everything
is consensual are you concerned that
that complicity machine he's about to
smear many of you he will and he has
continued to smear many of us and he's
going to go he's gonna double down on
that so be prepared to see everybody
that we all wanted it all of us we just
thought Harvey Weinstein yeah then what
was it like to see him in handcuffs
because he also could have turned
himself in today but today we physically
saw the king of Hollywood said there he
is in Tribeca where Wyatt seen in
company reigned supreme there he is in
handcuffs being walked in by a female
detective yeah I hope that female
detective felt proud because I was proud
of her I think it's schadenfreude I
think he deserves this and he deserves
more it's okay to have one day of
exultation
it's okay DUP one day this cuz it's
gonna get really ugly and it's gonna get
hard it's gonna get even harder but
right now for today it's okay in this
battle to have a moment of just like
yeah yeah does everyone get to say yeah
though because when it came time he
writes that million-dollar check himself
and lots of women up there on that board
they lost their careers they lost their
ability to be Hollywood stars not just
Hollywood movie stars lots of women who
are being assaulted or abused every day
in restaurants and hotels and businesses
that don't have this kind of celebrity
and money right I think what this does
show though going after somebody who's
so powerful it does show that you can go
after you know any abuse of power
whether you are in a restaurant and your
manager is abusing
warrior the president you know we can we
can roar mightily we can say no more and
we have and we will continue to fight
with Harvey clearly being an extreme do
you believe me to has a spectrum I
believe that there are a lot of people
that are very comfortable a lot of men
that are very comfortable a lot in
Hollywood with crossing the line and
they know but it was just comfortable
it's kind of like having a recliner
under your butt right but it's invisible
so I just say we're here to kick that
recliner out from under your ass kicking
your recliner out from under their ass
can Harvey be redeemed no he's a
sociopath can Hollywood Hollywood's
claiming it's rebuilding itself hmm and
what does it mean for you where do you
go from here well I wrote a best-seller
called brave it's about bravery it's
about how to survive and flourish and
rise like the Phoenix you truly are my
next book is called trust inspired by
all the spies that have interfered with
my life and destroyed my trust in people
but it's left me with an interesting
choice
I can now trust nobody or everybody so I
choose to trust everybody I go I don't
know where I go I go out into the big
wide world and I go away from Hollywood
and I shine just like all of us because
it's time for the second act it's time
for our lives to be ours yeah then when
this trial takes place do you see
yourself being a part of it
do you want to sit there in that
courtroom and look at my die yes I do
yes I do
Rose your inner strength and what you
project everyone in this room in this
world can feel it but to those women out
there who are repressed who are
currently stuck in positions that they
feel that they can't get out of given
how three you feel today how powerful
you feel today what's your message to
them because there's no chance ten
fifteen five years ago you would have
thought the day would come when Harvey
Weinstein would be walked in to a
courthouse in handcuffs my message we
can do this to all of those are hurt out
there
men women anybody on any gender spectrum
to all of us who've been hurt the shame
is theirs and we can be free we do have
to fight for it we do have to fight to
reclaim ourselves and that is unfair
terribly terribly unfair but like
Phoenix's we rise and some days you just
have to say you know what I'm tired of
rising over and over I'm just gonna do
it one big one once and for all
and so I say I got you we've got you
your sisters we hear you we see you
we're with you
I hear your voices I'm only here for you
all
Harvey Weinstein still maintains that
he's innocent that he's denying all
accusations how do people find their
voice at a time like that it's hard but
you have to understand this is no
different than the girl who gets raped
by the captain you know the football
team in a tiny town where the newspaper
is dominated by that family and they're
terrorized by you know the locals it's
no different the power dynamic is really
no different so how do they find their
voice don't let them Gaslight you know
that your truth is your truth know that
the sky was blue today in New York City
it was not purple
don't let them lie to you keep your
truth keep that flame and keep fighting
then just tell us the turning point
because to those out there who feel that
they'll be silenced victims forever
when did it change in the last year when
you knew this story would be told
because Harvey had won Harvey had beat
you for years and you were living in
pain but something happened this year
that that that got this story told what
was it me
I I was in talks with Jody before Megan
Hampton to eat from Jody cancer service
from the New York Times for Megan toe he
came on and it just takes one it takes
Ashley Judd it takes everybody but it
just takes somebody caring enough to do
it and it took getting NBC into a war
for the story with the New York Times
that's what it took because I knew one
of them would fall and it had to it had
to happen he was coming after me this
had it was time for years ago I said
about laying infrastructure for this
four years ago I started following media
people all over the world and kind of
hitting them and letting them know
especially Hollywood that it was coming
I was always very polite about it I gave
them fair warning I just didn't listen
people are listening now Rose your
message to Harvey no more tears not
because of you not anymore today today
we rejoice tomorrow will be hard again
but today we can have a moment for all
of us this is for all of us who've been
told me or nothing this is for all of us
because we are something and we can be
free it's a beautiful thing hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
