are you confident that enough people
have gotten out of the path of this
storm at this moment well you know I
don't what I'm confident in is that FEMA
and our federal partners are
well-positioned to support the
governor's team what director West mall
Florida Department of Environment
Management and then all the way down to
the locals we always hope that everybody
evacuates and you know we don't know
what the case is on this one the time
has closed and you know we just our
prayers are with those that stayed it's
going to be a devastating storm as
everybody this morning as I has reported
it's definitely going to knock out
services such as power our
transportation networks going to be
heavily heavily impacted which is going
to compound and complex issues when we
when it is safe for our teams to go out
and do search-and-rescue but again we
have contingency plans in place we've
been embedded with the state for quite
some days now so we feel like we're
prepared we hope those that we're told
to evacuate evacuated so what is the
biggest threat at this point from
hurricane Michael the biggest threat
initially is going to be the search I
mean you know the the surge is
traditionally one of the top killers in
a storm especially of this magnitude you
know upwards of 14 feet of surge but as
it moves in the wind is definitely going
to pose a threat not just to Florida but
all the way into Georgia and the
Carolinas you know less than a month ago
we were responding and are still in that
very active recovery for Hurricane
Florence this is a total different storm
that hurricane Florence this is going to
be a fast-moving storm but the wind
speeds are going to be pretty dramatic
speaking of hurricane Florence that was
if you can believe it less than a month
ago I know you know that but the
recovery is still happening at this
point does the federal government have
enough resources to both recover from
that storm and deal with this
monstrosity headed toward the panhandle
yes ma'am we do we have plenty of
resources we're well positioned again
FEMA's main role is to coordinate that
federal response so we have the fire
power of the federal government that's
there to support Florida Georgia Alabama
into the Carolinas as we recover from
Hurricane Florence and hurricanes from
2017 we still have a lot
staff and will continue have a lot of
staff in a recovery phase of a lot of
storms Rock long the FEMA administrator
is set to be at the White House I think
in about an hour and a half Jeff to
brief the President on this what can we
expect out of that meeting which it's my
understanding homeland security
secretary Kirsten Nielsen will be there
as well right you can expect the
administrator to clearly and confidently
let the president and senior
administration officials know that FEMA
is prepared we're ready to go
we have no limited factors you know
again but we have to set the
expectations and the administrator has
done a very good job at doing that power
will be off for weeks roads will be you
know down and impacted for weeks we do
not want the expectation to be that you
know come this weekend everything is
going to be back to normal and we have
to level set that for the citizens for
our local governments and our state
governments and that's very important
messages to get out there it's not a
friendly not a happy message but it's a
it's a important message to get out
there you know services are going to be
interrupted for quite some time from a
storm like hurricane Michael Jeff before
I let you go there been a lot of
questions about administrator Long's
leadership of FEMA over these past
several months are you confident in his
leadership of your agency I'm a thousand
percent confident in his leadership is
the best leader I've ever worked for
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
