this is President Trump just a few
moments ago there in the Oval Office
issuing a full posthumous pardon to
boxer Jack Johnson this is the president
surrounded by a number of number of VIPs
and boxing legends there Lennox Lewis of
course you see Sylvester Stallone who
arguably played a played a famous boxer
of course the best-known better known as
rocky they are the folks who had been
lobbying for this pardon for four years
now Johnson was the first African
American heavyweight champ and in what
was seen by many as a racial injustice
Johnson was convicted of a crime back in
1913 that crime was transporting a white
woman across state lines
he died in 1946 Senator John McCain
former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
had also been pushing Johnson's case for
years but again President Trump has
posthumously pardoned Jack Johnson it
should also be noted that the Obama
administration had considered this at
one point but ultimately deciding
decided against issuing a full pardon
because of some concerns about domestic
violence against women as well that
Johnson had been tied to but again he
has been pardoned by the Trump
administration
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
