let's go to Peter Alexander who's live
at the White House Peter this is a huge
Wow for us you know that's right
Stephanie sorry I was just literally
printing out this letter this is from
the President to Kim jong-un I'm gonna
read it for you frankly because this is
literally happening as we speak to you
the president writes to his Excellency
he writes dear mr. chairman we greatly
appreciate your time patience and effort
with respect to our recent negotiations
and discussions relative to a summit
long sought by both parties which was
scheduled to take place on June 12 in
Singapore we were informed that the
meeting was requested by North Korea but
that to us is totally irrelevant he
writes I was very much looking forward
to being there with you sadly based on
the tremendous anger and open hostility
displayed in your most recent statement
I feel it is inappropriate at this time
to have this long planned meeting that
is a reference to statements from North
Korea within the last 24 hours
referring to among other things the vice
president United States Mike Pence as a
dummy he the president writes therefore
please let this letter serve to
represent that the Singapore summit for
the good of both parties but to the
detriment of the world will not take
place you talk about your nuclear
capabilities but ours are so massive and
powerful that I pray to God they will
never have to be used he adds I felt a
wonderful dialogue was building up
between you and me and ultimately it is
only that dialogue that matters someday
I look forward alive very much look
forward to meeting you in the meantime I
want to thank you for the release of the
hostages who are now home with their
families that was a beautiful gesture
and was very much appreciated he ends by
saying if you change your mind having to
do with this most important summit
please do not hesitate to call me or
write he says the world of North Korea
in particular has lost a great
opportunity for lasting peace and great
prosperity and wealth this missed
opportunity is a truly sad moment in
history those the three paragraphs
written from President Trump his name
literally signed on the bottom of it to
his Excellency Kim jong-un from the
White House within the last few minutes
Stephanie this is a Wow indeed Andrew
you are actually speaking I cut you off
just before that we're talking sort of
the market reaction what this says to
trade what this says I think there's two
big issues here there's this all of a
sudden puts a trade war back on the
table and all of a sudden puts depending
on what you think a much more sensitive
geopolitical relationship problem I mean
even the reference to nuclear armaments
in the letter I mean all of a sudden we
you know you remember where we were last
summer yeah in terms of how we thought
about our relationship with North Korea
the dangers this is this to me puts us
in a very very very tough place but I
also think you're right there is this
element of I'm breaking up with you
before you break up with me and by the
way you call me and it's in try to call
me and remember all the good times we
have and it's intolerable and it's
intolerable to call my vice president a
dummy
though there's been lots of things said
on Twitter by the president towards Kim
jong-un over the years as well so but
clearly whatever war of words plus the
trade issue with China has led us to
this I think this is a very very
difficult ways to be in hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
