a member of the intelligence and Armed
Services committee's independent senator
angus King of Maine senator always great
to have you on the show first just your
reaction to the very existence of these
briefings today do you think they ought
to have access to some of what Bob
Muller is looking at well it is an odd
situation where you have people that are
involved in being investigated asking
for access to the investigative
materials it's hard to tell exactly what
the focus of this meeting is if it's all
about the business of somebody checking
on the people in the Trump campaign that
had ties to the Russians okay let's see
what the facts are and perhaps we can
lay that one to rest because it doesn't
make much sense to me the FBI was doing
their job when they know that there are
people with connections to the Russians
working in a political campaign who's
ever political campaign it is they're
gonna follow up and track that down
that's what they're supposed to do if
somebody in my campaign had connections
with some foreign power I'd want to know
it not pretend that it's they're trying
to find my debate nodes or something so
do you think there should be a second
meeting and if so why are why would they
be separate at all why not just have one
meeting where you bring in the gang of
eight why have that first meeting where
members of Congress anyway are only
Republican well I don't know I I don't
know what the sequence was but they
announced the first meeting and then
there was an outcry I think from the
public as well as from those who were
excluded from the meeting so they
scheduled the second meeting could they
just one who is yesterday well they
ought to have one and it seems to me
everybody ought to hear the same
material otherwise they're gonna walk
out saying well I had a different view
of what went on I think it would be very
helpful to have all eight members there
to have the same view of the same
information senator as you know most
people don't wake up at ten past six or
ten past seven is is now and obsessively
talk about the gang of eight meeting and
things like that they have lives to lead
so they don't really concentrate on the
fact that sources are going to be
revealed to people later today
they really don't talk a lot about
illusion and things like that but there
has been damage done would you think yes
or no to certain institutions like the
Justice Department the FBI the belief in
our intelligence services there has been
damage done by this president already do
you agree with that yes absolutely and I
think the deeper question if you'll
excuse the use of that term is the
corrosion of the underlying faith in our
institutions whether it's the opposition
political party the media the Justice
Department the judiciary we we Americans
tend to think that the way things are
will be the way they always will be when
in reality we're a 200 year anomaly in
world history this is a very important
experiment but it is an experiment and
it's not guaranteed and it rests upon an
underlying confidence and trust of the
public in their institutions if you
corrode that then you you have a kind of
survival of the fittest and and and it's
just not a viable Society that's what
worries me more than tax policy or
immigration policy that or the whatever
the issue of the day is is an underlying
and as peggy noonan read that tweet from
the lady about the deep state that's the
kind of thing that really we have to
worry about because if people don't
trust the government then it just all
falls apart and I don't think I don't I
don't okay I think the president is
doing this deliberately but it's
certainly what's happening okay so the
latest is the confusion between the two
separate meanings distinct separate
meetings between spying and informing
that's what's feeding this what's going
on today so in terms of the damage that
you that we're talking about here do you
how long do you think it will take to
repair the damage that Trump has already
done well it's it's really hard to say I
mean I think you started your question
by saying most people get up this
morning and they aren't thinking about
these issues they're think about getting
to work getting the kids fed and dressed
and all of those kinds of things so I
think it's not a permanent in any way
this is a great country you go out
across the countryside and people are
getting about their life and work and do
wonderful things for the country so I I
don't I hope it's not in any way
permanent or long-lasting but it is I
think it's serious and I call it
corrosion of faith in our institutions
people don't stop at stop signs because
there's a cop on every corner they do it
because that's what you do you obey the
law the same thing goes for paying your
taxes if people stop paying their taxes
voluntarily then you know we'd be at a
hell of a mess so that's what worries me
is the underlying corrosion in the
confidence in in the country's
institutions and this goes beyond the
the structures of the Constitution this
is a deeper confidence and Trust that's
necessary for this place to work so
senator you said you don't think Donald
Trump is deliberately undermining the
Justice Department or the investigation
is that I didn't I was talking about the
broader point of the whole undermining
of institutions I think there is a
campaign to undermine the legitimacy of
the investigation of the Muller
investigation and the FBI I think I
think that's pretty obvious why do you
not think he's undermining the
institutions themselves by talking about
a criminal deep state by constantly
attacking the Justice Department by
constantly attacking the FBI but I think
now we're getting into psychoanalyzing
the president which I'm not qualified to
do it's hard to tell exactly what his
motivations are but I think one of your
commentators said he's thinking about
the immediate needs of preserving his
his authority and and expanding his
authority but not necessarily about a
broader I don't think he's purposefully
going about to undermine the
institutions of the country but that's a
byproduct of what's going on well a
Senator Steve Reder do you think that's
really a byproduct I don't know that you
have to be a psychiatrist or a
psychoanalyst so to see this it it looks
to me like he's trying to undermine
these institutions in order to undermine
the investigating legitimacy of the
investigation against him and his
colleagues and and if you undermine and
destroy the
ability of the investigators and that by
definition kind of undermines the
investigation and that seems pretty
clear that that's what's in his head I
agree with that in this narrow case I
was talking more broadly as you go back
over the past year with the tax on the
judiciary Democrats who don't stand and
applaud or traitorous the media constant
attacks on the media I'm talking about
the general undermining of
a lot of institutions in the specific
case of the Justice Department in the
FBI I think that is out of a an air of
wanting to deal Ajith amaizing for
example wherever it goes before it
before it even happens all right thank
you so much senator angus King
independent from Maine it's always great
to have you with us thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
