all you have to do is look at the basics
and you'll see it looks like a very
serious event but we'll find out when
they look at the documents I think
people are gonna see a lot of bad things
happen I hope it's not so because if it
is has never been anything like it in
the history of our country I hope I mean
if you look at clapper he sort of
admitted that they had spies in the
campaign yesterday inadvertently but I
hope it's not true but it looks like it
is everybody wants to solve but a lot of
bad things have happened we now call it
spy gate you're calling it spy gate a
lot of bad things have happened I want
them all to get together they'll sit in
the room hopefully they'll be able to
work it out among themselves that's the
big story who's gonna sit in that room
now Rachel Ann were just discussing it's
a member of the bipartisan gayden of
eight telling her moments ago the room
will include the gang of eight I was
informed by the head of one of our
intelligence agencies earlier tonight
that the meeting or briefing tomorrow
would be a bipartisan briefing at a gang
of eight level and that would be it and
I expect them to live up to that
commitment that is the right procedure
if there's any information that could
compromise a source of sources and
methods so that's the practice that has
been around for decades and they need to
follow it and I expect them to honor
their word but we are hearing
conflicting things from the White House
conflicting things but that was
congressman Adam Schiff a member of the
gang of Eight's saying that moments ago
to Rachel now I am holding something
from the Department of Justice
date-stamped 10:00 p.m. tonight the news
does break late at night these days and
it describes a first meeting that is as
planned with John Calley rod Rosen Stein
the FBI director the DNI director Nunez
a Gowdy and it describes a second
meeting this is new breaking news that
would be Department of Justice with
those same individuals and all gang of
eight members the White House putting
this out through the DOJ quite late at
night let's get right to it Mimi Roca is
a former federal prosecutor in a fellow
at Pace University Law School and MSNBC
analyst John Allen a national political
reporter for NBC News digital Kimberly
Atkins chief Washington reporter and
columnist with Boston Herald and an
MSNBC analyst
kimberley what do you think of this news
and why is it coming out so late at
night because why would this be
different than breaking news that breaks
late on another day I think that there
is has been a bit of a scramble to put
together exactly how this meeting that
the president has demanded and which was
apparently set up in an effort in part
by rod Rosen Stein to sort of uh placate
the president who seemed ready to really
take a more drastic action against this
against this investigation this is
something that is not normal
normally when there is a on an ongoing
investigation by federal authorities the
oversight doesn't come in the middle the
oversight usually comes once it's
complete once there's conclusions and
then if there's questions about the
process then the folks go in and take a
look at it so that the investigation
itself is not compromised so that there
are no problems so yeah there's no real
protocol as to how to do this so it's
not it's small wonder that there is some
confusion that there's changes in the
plan that there's differing statements
coming from different agencies about
exactly how this is going to work John
what is your view of the fact that
according to this brand new itinerary
the original partisan meeting is still
on the books well it's a good way that
you put that re I mean the the White
House obviously was scrambling today to
try to to sort of counter the Democratic
requests for a meeting of the gang of
eight Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi had
sent a letter to that effect and they
are they were beside themselves that
this kind of a meeting would go on
without the bipartisan leadership the
intelligence committees in Congress and
of the leadership of both political
parties in both houses in Congress but
what you do have now is two separate
meetings one where all the good stuff is
going to be talked about between the
members of Congress who are trying to
get information that they might then
share with the White House from a
Justice Department that you know is
generally left alone by White House's
during its investigations particularly
investigate
of said white houses I did a story
earlier this week about president Trump
now launching an investigation of the
investigators I talked to John Dean who
was the White House Counsel during the
Nixon years and he said this all has
echoes of Watergate well why do you
think they're doing this is it a fig
leaf or is it a sign that things do
matter and they do buckle to push back
they do buckle to push back
I'm not sure that it's a sign that
things matter I mean obviously we're not
going to be inside the room to see what
the difference is between the briefing
or the discussion between Chairman Nunez
chairman Gowdy and we're not but we're
human beings with you know logical
faculties and either these individuals
are doing the same thing twice in a
highly inefficient manner for very busy
people to include the White House chief
of staff intelligence FBI director or
they're doing something different in the
first meeting than they are in the
second meeting right the only logical
reason to do this is because you want to
have separate conversations with
separate content fair Mimi this sounds
to me like a judge meeting with one
party the defendant ahead of time alone
and then coming out and meeting with
both parties and that doesn't happen
that's not supposed to happen
this doesn't feel like congressional
oversight this feels like as I said a
defendant a subject of an investigation
going to a judge and saying I want to
see the evidence now before anything's
been charged while you're in the middle
of an investigation might jeopardize the
investigation I don't care and a judge
would say absolutely not to that but
here for whatever reasons the Department
of Justice is giving something we don't
know yet what they're giving and I do
think it's important to note that we
don't know that they're turning over
documents or even showing then documents
or whether they're briefing them on
things that they consider not as harmful
to you know to brief them off but it's
it's a it's such a dangerous precedent
and it has just no parallel in our
criminal justice system which this is a
part of I mean this is a criminal
investigation that's going on right and
being jeopardized
so do you think the members of the gang
of eight which are both parties and
they're supposed to in theory be
nonpartisan about these matters should
they object to the fact that the first
meetings still there I mean this fields
very again we got this news literally
while we were on live air but my
instinct here is that it feels very
Trumpy in that it's just saying okay
fine you know what it makes so much
noise we'll have a second fake meeting
that you guys can't come to I mean the
second meeting could be that it happens
to be two hours later but it could be
two days or two months later a sooner or
later the gang of eight is going to have
other meetings it doesn't really address
the subs of concerns you were raising
and I think rachel is raising originally
in her reporting about the original
meeting which is there is not a good
reason there is not a valid legitimate
reason to take the nonpartisan operation
of the Russia probe and the FBI director
DNI and subject them to a Twitter lead
grilling by only partisans who are
implicated in trying to undermine the
probe and who are going to take what
they learn undoubtedly and relay it to
the lawyers at least of the sub one if
not in all of the subjects of that
investigation which is just so I mean I
there aren't well you're putting your
finger on it and then I'll go back out
to the rest of the panel you're saying
this is more than just protocol you're
saying that any actionable investigative
information that Nunez or Gowdy glean
from this meeting could be relayed back
to potential subjects or targets in a
way that undermines the very
investigation yes why would that not be
obstruction well it could be I mean
again I keep bringing it back to the
parallel of a ordinary criminal case yep
Americans face every day
it is there why people like being guilty
in the ordinary people don't have the
power that the president has to say you
must have this meeting and turn over
this information that's why I mean a
judge would would yeah
ordinary laughs in their face John I
turn it to you and this is a serious
enough story that I'm not even gonna
make a John Legend ordinary people
reference just go ahead well I was just
gonna say let's remember Devon noon as
the chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee recused himself from his own
committees investigation into Russia
because of the coordination that he had
with the White House over
in the early days so it's not it's not
surprising that people would be
concerned that his motive here might be
to collect information that the White
House and other lawyers four people are
under investigation is seeking but
cannot get from yeah that's his thing
right that's the thing that's that's
what he got busted do it and yet now he
appears to no longer believe that he
needs to recuse himself you know he's
obviously played a part as a as a
defender protector and and you know
conspirator essentially and I don't mean
that in a criminal sense yeah but could
spirit or with the President on on this
Russia situation pretty much from day
one you know and as far as these
meetings go I mean can you imagine
Robert Muller meeting with Chuck Schumer
Nancy Pelosi sharing information with
them about his investigation and then
saying well they will have a bipartisan
meeting later yeah like in the middle of
the Benghazi probe no somehow I can't
quite imagine that
Kimberly Atkins take a listen to Donald
Trump when asked about rod Rosen Stein
who he has been just pressuring and
appearing to get cooperation and
buckling out of rod Rosen Stein he's a
veritable NFL owner by this point I take
a look
kimberley you know well how Washington
works the negative space in that
painting is pretty potent because people
serve at the pleasure of the president
if they don't have his confidence yeah
and that's the second time in as many
days he refused to answer the question
about rod Rosen Stein's future and so
that does not bode very well
particularly with this president who has
expressed his frustration with him
openly and so I think rod Rosen Stein
understands he's in a tough position
right now he's trying not just to save
his job but trying to keep this
investigation intact
and he's up against a president who's
very very eager to to attack both things
so I don't think that it bodes well I
think that's one of the the biggest
things we have to look at what comes out
of this meeting tomorrow and to the
point about Devin Nunez I mean look
there's precedent for a lot of what's
happening now Devin Nunez remember was
the author of a memo that was
confidential that was really
Declassified by the White House over the
objection of the Justice Department and
released and released first and then the
White House said okay yeah yeah later
we'll also release this democratic memo
that refuted the original memo it seems
to be the mo here that the Republicans
are sort of given the first shot at this
to help betray the president's claim
that this is a nefarious investigation
and possibly even a criminal one
something that is false there's no
evidence indicating that anything that's
happened in this investigation has been
nefarious in any way but that's the
messaging that the president is seeking
evidence to support and he seems to be
interested in in getting that however he
can
right and Kimberly I mean you make a
very apt analogy that I think is helpful
for everyone remember a lots been
happening that Nunez memo was about why
Carter page had been surveilled which
was something that had been done prior
to Donald Trump even becoming president
because of evidence approved by
independent judges that he appeared to
be a candidate for Russian spies trying
to flip and use him a veritable asset
and because of that he looked bad then
they released all this info saying well
maybe he should have been surveilled and
here we see again the same thing the
idea that there was an informant looking
at this case doesn't mean
that's bad for the informant let me say
thank you to Kimberly Acton thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
