the most profitable sports league and
thus corporate sports enterprise in the
world is now quite blatantly bowing to
political pressure from Donald Trump the
kind of pressure that raises serious
First Amendment concerns the NFL today
saying they will crack down on this
issue of kneeling on the field during
the national anthem which many players
have said they do to protest racism
police brutality and what they call
murders in the United States of black
Americans the new NFL policy says it
will find teams when players kneel now
it says it also gives players the choice
of staying in the locker room but this
appears to essentially buckle the donald
trump's big political talking point that
all of this is not about what the
players say they're doing that is how
they define their political speech but
rather donald trump's view of what he
wants to require people do to respect
the flag reading from the NFL policy all
team in league personnel in the field
shall stand and quote show respect for
the flag and the anthem of course it was
that same theme a certain version of
respect one person telling another
person how to show respect that donald
trump hit when he attacked players for
kneeling wouldn't you love to see one of
these NFL owners when somebody
disrespects our flag to say get that son
of a bitch off the field right now out
he's fired the NFL adding a kind of a
spinning insult to what is very
obviously going on is now telling us all
of us that this is some kind of middle
ground we been very sensitive and making
sure that we give players choices but we
do believe that that moment is an
important moment and one that we are
going to focus on i'm joined by former
NFL star Donte Stallworth as well as a
sports columnist and political analyst
mike lupica dante what do you think of
the NFL's decision and does it relate to
the current president yeah I think I
think it's there's a direct correlation
between what the NFL decided to do today
and what the president has
been saying for the last year or so you
look at what the NFL has done here I
mean you know there when when history's
uh you know said and done they're gonna
be on the wrong side of history and I
know that's not what they intend to do
but it is obviously what that direct
result will be and I think it's also
another point to mention that the
president has used the seat of the Oval
Office he's used the power of the
executive branch to lash out at his
political adversaries to air out his
personal grievances obviously with the
NFL not allowing him in the cool kids
club on multiple occasions trying
tempting to buy an NFL team and they did
not let him so he you know obviously
it's been lashing out at the NFL and the
players and this is this is you know
it's a it's a history of this president
kind of you know flirting with
authoritarianism and you know again he's
he's he's used the seat of the Oval to
intimidate people and he's done it to
the NFL and the NFL scout out to him and
this is the result of that what do you
think of the way the NFL is casting this
which appears to endorse a very narrow
view that political protests around
American icons or themes which is as old
as America itself is if so facto
disrespectful to the flag while many
people have said that and feel that way
other people say that this is not
designed to disrespect the flag itself
but is designed to call attention to
racist action perpetuated by government
officials in the United States yeah I
think that's that's a very important
point and you know I always try to go
back and remind people that the initial
reason that Colin Kaepernick decided to
to change from sitting on the bench to
take a knee knee was because of the
suggestion and advice of his now friend
former Green Beret mate Boyer who who
had an open and open letter to him and
and they ended up meeting that following
week before the next game and Colin
Kapernick in him had a conversation and
he said that he's he told Colin
Kaepernick that we takin me you know for
our fallen brothers and our fallen
brothers and fallen sisters and so
that's why Colin Kaepernick decided to
do this now the thing with with players
they I think it's interesting to note
that the players I don't think they're
gonna they're not going to take this
sitting down they understand also too
which is another very important point to
mention that the collective bargaining
agreement will be up at the end of the
2020 season and the last time at the end
of the 2010 season it got pretty got it
got pretty dirty between the players and
the between the Union and the NFL so I
would expect to the players to you know
to push back against this and we'll see
what happens you know come September
mm-hmm that's a great point because the
Players Association was on record saying
they were consulted about this today
they chose not to consult the union and
development of this new quote policy
mike lupica so many things get Trump
off' I'd of course this goes back much
much farther as you know as a student of
history and sports and politics in their
intersection I mean 1968 Olympics you
had black athletes put up the Black
Power salute and there were many people
who I think were genuinely against that
because they felt like this was a time
for unity at the Olympics to represent
one America to the world and then there
were a lot of other people in America
who said the whole point is we don't
have unity because we don't have
equality and equal rights and respect at
the time for black Americans for women
for a lot of people and so why should we
go and give away and give up unity in
our one moment of influence and pretend
it exists when it's being denied us
could you speak to the history of this
re there's so much to unpack here
Muhammad Ali was probably the most
beloved athlete in this country when he
died and remember how he first became
famous with a lot of the people who are
castigating these players now when he
refused to enter the draft at the end of
the 1960s these owners got rolled today
by the President of the United States
who originally gave that speech and at a
crowd in Alabama that look like an SEC
football crowd in the 1950s okay you
can start there and and here's another
question for all of these people who
have made this a referendum on
patriotism what's better for our
country's values somebody engaging an
honorable protest or a league like the
NFL who has blackballed the guy who
started all this Colin Kaepernick for
taking a knee in the first place you
know I was laughing today thinking about
why would any player want to taking me
anymore because it knows they know that
they could now cost them their careers
the way it has Colin Kaepernick and Eric
Reid who knelt behind him this had
nothing to do with politics or morality
or principle or courage this was about
business for some of the richest people
in this country and they decided this
was bad for business and they they
passed this incredibly hypocritical rule
and Daunte I wonder if you could speak
to that because I don't have to tell you
and I don't think I've to tell our
viewers there's there's a heck of a lot
of lecturing that goes on about how
people should conduct their politics and
speech which is antithetical to freedom
of speech the whole point is as long as
you are not breaking the sanction on
violence you're not breaking the law
that you get to say almost whatever you
want in this country that's important
value and so I wonder what you think
about the president effectively trying
to lecture and control the speech of
these people who are overwhelmingly rich
and powerful black Americans if that's
part of what's animating the concern for
him or not he has to explain and sort of
say that now
nonviolent free speech is not free yeah
I find it awfully comical that you have
the anti political correctness crowd who
are the ones that are that are that are
cheerleading this whole thing and
they've and they've been they have been
including the President of the United
States I
they they acted the like you know they
they they are here for for our whole
anti political correctness well I would
I would say that it's and if that's been
politically correct to stand for the
national anthem to do kind of the
conventional things that people think
that that is equated with quote unquote
showing patriotism or exhibiting some
type of patriotism now at the end of the
day though
I don't I again I think history is gonna
vindicate these players like they like
they have like history has throughout
the course of any time professional
athletes I spoke like you mentioned you
know Carlos John Carlos and Tommie Lee
Smith also Muhammad Ali we mentioned
Steve Nash who wore a shoot for peace
not war or shoot shoot for peace or
shoot for love not war t-shirt and his
pregame warmups and he was chastised for
that essentially told to shut up and
dribble and you know so that and of
course you know we all know the Iraq
invasion how that turned out for the
region how that turned out for the
people of Iraq right and I mean how many
dead US soldiers unfortunately so the
players have always came out
professional athletes I've always come
out and been vindicated at the end of
the day through history they're not at
the time of the zeitgeist other people
feel that they can that they can
chastise whose plane they will
eventually you know be proven or a
career hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
