veteran CBS journalist Lesley Stahl
shared this insightful exchange she had
with the president about why he keeps up
those attacks on the press at one point
he started to attack the press and it's
just me and my boss in him and he has a
huge office and he's attacking the press
and there were no cameras there was
nothing going on and I said you know
that is getting tired why are you doing
this you're doing it over and over and
it's boring and it's it's time to end
that you know you've won the nomination
and why do you keep hammering at this
and he said you know why I do it I do it
to discredit you all and demean you all
so when you write negative stories about
me no one will believe you more I'm
joined by Susan page Washington bureau
chief for USA Today and Brent Stevens
New York Times columnist and MSNBC
political contributor Susan you first
then Brett what do you make of this this
is really something else he's willing to
destroy anything right now but I'll tell
you I think Lesley Stahl is a match for
him in terms of credibility and leave
more than a match
well actually what she said relating his
comments to her make perfect sense I
think that is exactly what President
Trump has tried to do with it with the
news media with some success I think
it's what he's also tried to do with the
special counsel and with the Justice
Department carrying preemptively raised
questions about whether these
fundamental American institutions can be
trusted so that if it's some time he's
at it in a war with them as we think he
might well be that Americans at least
the Americans who believe him aren't
sure whether they should trust them or
unsure whether they should trust what
they read in the newspaper or what they
hear the courts say or what the Justice
Department officials are telling them
let me go to Brett you know we all know
FBI ages from our families where we were
at the school you know they don't make a
ton of money they go in it mostly for a
career they spend their lives in law
enforcement they learn how to use a gun
how to protect themselves they know
that's a dangerous job in some cases and
and to just go out there and trash that
institution as he's doing in Clinton the
whole justice system it seems like he's
after anybody that says he's done
something wrong and his characterization
is evil
well he's going after nearly every
single institution which upholds what we
think of as Republican government
smaller or liberal or liberal democracy
you know Abraham Lincoln gave a speech
in 1838 which really repays reading
these days in which he predicts that
there going to be two kinds of leaders
that America might have in its future
those who try to build it up and those
who much more dangerously try to tear
institutions down of course he was
thinking about the civil war that was
looming a couple of decades later but I
think the truth of Lincoln's observation
holds holds with Donald Trump today I
mean you have you have someone who not
as a neurosis but as a self conscious
strategy has has set himself toward
destroying the one that the all the
institutions that can hold him factually
and morally to account so it's not a
surprise that the targets of his animus
are the Justice Department and of course
those of us in the news media who by the
way also love this country you know you
when you ask yourself what does he love
more himself or the country we're
getting an answer anyway Susan you
interviewed the former director of the
National Intelligence National
Intelligence clapper for the Diane Rehm
podcast on on my mind it's called well
during that interview with clapper you
asked him how this investigation might
end and if it would lead to a crisis
let's listen to your exchange with
clapper I was around during the
Watergate I was in intelligence
community then and I never felt at the
time that our institutions were in
jeopardy
and I do know this feels like a perilous
time to you it does it feel it feels
very different then then you know the
obvious historical parallel Watergate
says what do you make of that well I
think I think there are a lot of people
who feel who both make the comparison
with Watergate but also feel that
there's something dangerous going on now
because this our it's our system of
trust in big
institutions in in these fundamental
institutions and their checks and
balances that have sustained her
democracy it means that if if the
president goes off track the Congress
provides oversight it means that if
Congress goes off talk the courts can
call them and it means that if there's
if there's misbehavior that the
government won't expose then the news
media will it is a system that has
served us pretty well and that when
there are attacks on this system
especially by the President of the
United States it does seem like a very
serious thing whether you agree with him
on policy or not in terms of sustaining
you know you think for instance about
the 2000 election decided by a
five-to-four Supreme Court decision
Americans accepted that decision even if
they had voted for Al Gore by and large
there was some resentment but there was
there was no talk of a of a coup or that
we wouldn't accept president doshas as
our president and that's because
Americans fundamentally had faith in the
Supreme Court as an institution at that
in that in that in that instance and
that's that's an important part of how
we make things work you know right Chris
you know one of the things one of the
reasons that is a conservative I've
always opposed Trump is that
conservatives believe that ultimately
culture determines the fate of politics
not the other way around
and what Trump is really doing is is
thrashing thrashing our civic culture I
mean there's there's really no other way
of of describing it one difference
between Watergate and the present is
that at least at the time of Watergate
senior Republicans Howard Baker people
like that were prepared to stand up for
the president excuse me to stand up for
the Constitution against Richard Nixon
against against the leader of their
party and that's just no longer the case
today because I think Trump has so
corroded the currency of of trust and of
truth and basic factual Nassim perfectly
willing to go along to us with his
alternative alternative universe and
that leads to this that only the people
on the way out the door like senator
corker and people like charlie dent of
Pennsylvania and of course I this fella
Jeff Flake who's about to speak here in
a highly speech big speech up at Harvard
Law School today he talked about Trump
has to base the
Presidency of course sees another one
these lame-duck guys who's now free to
speak a Republican or actually tell us
the truth
but let's listen to him today our
presidency has been debased by a figure
who seemingly has a bottomless appetite
for destruction and division and only a
passing familiarity with how the
Constitution works and our article one
branch of government the Congress that's
me is utterly supplied in the visit in
the face of the moral vandalism that
flows from the White House daily right
what do you make of the fact that then
Susan that it takes really a retirement
to get the truth out of these
Republicans at high levels no it's the
most it's the most depressing fact about
the Republican party today I mean you've
had and and and it's also sorry to see
I'm very sorry to see people I had
somewhat more faith in like Lindsey
Graham seemed to capitulate for a
variety of reasons to to the
blandishments of of the trump presidency
it says that among the among the many
other things that Trump is damaged as
he's damaged the the moral fiber of the
Republican Party and there's gonna have
to be at some point in the future some
different kind of conservative movement
to represent people who don't want to
cede either the Constitution or sort of
basic moral universe continuous
continuously trashed not just by the
president but by his followers surgeon
even a Mitch McConnell whatever you
think of his politics has a love the
United States Senate and as an
institution and yet they don't seem to
want to defend these institutions in the
face of Trump well it is now I think
Trump's Republican Party and I think you
see that in these midterm elections
where Republican candidates are
embracing President Trump even those in
some states where you might think that
would be a perilous situation you don't
hear much criticism of President Trump
are his policies are his approach to
things from Republicans who are on the
ballot and that is and maybe that's
inevitable when you when the when if
somebody's elected president that his
party takes on his characteristics I
think that was a surprise to some people
because President Trump was so outside
the Republican Party at the time
we won the nomination and the election
but it is now Trump's GOP hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
