q with the story the president has been
tweeting he writes this this morning
look how things have turned around on
the criminal deep state he calls it the
criminal deep State they go after phony
collusion with Russia a made-up scam and
end up getting caught in a major spy
scandal the likes of which this country
may have never seen before
diera goes around comes around and Joe
he finishes by saying in all caps spy
gates he's calling it spy gate could be
one of the biggest political scandals in
history yeah Willy I don't really know
where it can Spygate I mean you have a
guy that Donald Trump says running is
running his foreign policy getting drunk
and talking to the Australian ambassador
and bragging about contacts with the
Russians and the FBI is tipped off by
the Australian ambassador and they start
moving forward and Heidi again Donald
Trump I there are still people who
actually can think clearly in this
country and for those that who can it's
very obvious that robert muller
is getting closer and closer and closer
to something that scares the ever living
hell out of donald trump and now he is
apparently responding today to a plea
deal by the taxi king yesterday that is
going to take down his fixer and donald
trump obviously now unbelievably fearful
that it's going to take him down as well
when you look at this tweet Joe and I
think the reaction on Capitol Hill is
going to be that this confirms their
worst fears that even though rose and
Stein's calculation may be to try and
put this all off try to protect the
investigation that the president is
interpreting these moves allowing an
investigation allowing the Republicans
to come in and view these Department of
Justice documents
a caving I spoke last night with senator
Blumenthal who is trying to do something
on Capitol Hill to protect both Moeller
and now Rosenstein and he's telling me
that there is a lot of apprehension
behind the scenes by the Republicans who
he's trying to work with that in fact
the President does have Rosenstein more
in his sights we saw that yesterday Joe
when the president was point-blank asked
in the Oval Office whether he has
confidence in Rosenstein and he
pointedly refused to answer so senator
Blumenthal tells me that behind the
scenes it is getting harder and harder
even for these Republicans to deny that
the president doesn't somehow have
Rosenstein as well as Muller in his
sights and and the senator told me look
every time we go into one of these
breaks we're gonna have another one next
week we carry that apprehension and yet
senator Blumenthal cannot get these
Republicans to join him on legislation
to try and stand up to the president or
at least send a signal to the president
they know in the end the President
himself would have to sign the
legislation but it to at least show that
they are not going to just roll over in
the worst-case scenario and we do see
something akin to a Saturday night
massacre so David Ignatius we need to
stop here as the president is now this
morning building this narrative about
what he calls a major spy scandal the
likes of which this country may never
seen before labeling it spy gate and
talk about what the FBI actually did in
2016 the distinction between spies and
informants can you lay that out a little
bit for our audience so during the the
spring and summer of 2016 from what we
know the FBI began to get reports that
people who were associated with the
Trump campaign had been talking about
their contacts with Russia in a way that
concerned
FBI and US intelligence officials as
they began to get these reports from
from various ways that the most famous
contact is the one that George
papadopolis a trump foreign policy
adviser his comments to the Australian
ambassador in London Alexander Downer
and the FBI became concerned enough that
it wanted to know what was behind these
rumors and so people who have been
informants assets one in particular an
American professor Eck's professor in
England began to track those those down
that is what our intelligence agencies
do that that's their job had they had
they ignored this they would they would
be I think it could be accused of being
derelict
it's crucial to note as Joe did earlier
it no previous segment that the FBI said
nothing about what it was doing publicly
that this information was carefully held
and suppressed but it was part of their
normal counterintelligence function what
we've seen over the last I'd say six
months is that the Trump a counterpunch
to the Moller investigation is to add
each of these extraneous details there
was a focus on Chris steel the former
mi6 agent Britain and his role and that
was made to see him the first then there
was a focus on the American investigator
Glenn Simpson his role with GPS fusion
now the focus is on this American
professor in England all trying to make
it sound like it's something a
conspiratorial against Trump that's on
American and there's really no evidence
that I see to support that and again
that the the central thing to remember
is the FBI said nothing before the
election that would have influenced
voters to think that there was something
going on here they they held the
information and in that sense behaved
entirely responsibly well and and
Elizabeth beyond that not only is there
no evidence suggesting that there was
anything improper as David French with
National Review wrote
yesterday it's fantastical to believe
that somehow the obama administration
set up this investigation for political
reasons and again we must repeat once
again when you had the FBI putting a
letter out ten days before the election
in a extraordinarily damaging october
surprise that worked against hillary
clinton's campaign as did the mccabe
leaked work against the Hillary Clinton
campaign as did the FBI silence on this
ongoing investigation everything the FBI
did work to the advantage of Donald
Trump before the election and worked to
Hillary Clinton's detriment did at night
as our reporting has shown the FBI moved
very very slowly on this for fear of
being seen as political in investigating
Donald Trump or Donald Trump's campaign
right before right but right before the
election
we now have reporting to show what was
going on of the FBI in the in the fall
of 2016 and they were operating under
the assumption that Donald Trump was
gonna lose anyway
and Hillary Clinton was gonna win so
therefore you had to be you know show
some toughness on her you didn't want to
be seen as you know assuring in the next
Democratic president and what was the
point of you know opening a full-fledged
investigation as a trump campaign when
he was going to lose so that was that
was what was going on at the FBI which
helps explain why they were moving you
know slowly and very carefully on an
investigation into Trump associates do
you know during the campaign and let's
not forget what's going on here
the president United States is now
calling for an investigation of the
investigators investigating him so this
is this is a very big deal if this is we
don't like to use the word on precedent
at the New York Times but this has not
happened before that we should not
forget the seriousness of this yeah and
Richard it is a war on justice it is a
war on the Justice Department it is a
war on the FBI it is a war on the Intel
communities it is
war on the very institutions it is it's
a war on law enforcement it's going to
turn into a war against the Southern
District of New York it is a war against
the very institutions that are necessary
to protect and defend this Republic from
all enemies foreign and domestic and you
have Donald Trump parroting a certain
Fox News hosts talking about something
being worse than Watergate at when
attacking FISA judges which by the way
Richard as we always find out there's
never a there there David French is
right it is always fantastical musings
and conspiracy theories those four FISA
judges all Republicans robert muller
lifelong republican the FBI director
appointed by trump a republican the
attorney general beloved by donald trump
for until he decided to actually do the
right thing and pass the investigation
onward Rosenstein a republican the head
of the the Senate Intel committee who
said the Russians were interfering a
Republican it could go down the whole
list this is the most Republican
Washington and investigation that I
think we have seen in our entire
lifetime show you use the word war and
you're right but it's as if one side is
fighting consistent with all the Geneva
Conventions and that's the Justice
Department the media the courts the FBI
all the institutions you've talked about
and the other side the president and his
backers and his enablers they're not
they're going way beyond the laws of war
they're willing to use any weapon
they're willing to attack anybody and
the question therefore the what's in
doubt is whether those who truly are
conservatives small see who believe in
institutions believe in the rule of law
believe in the DNA in some ways of our
democracy whether they will prevail
against the president then again his
block is backers and enablers who who
are not willing to accept such limits or
are willing to go way beyond the laws of
war the legitimate ways of pursuing
political ends for
their own purposes here and I think it's
an open question but that's where we are
and it's it's and so it sounds
melodramatic but I don't think it is I
think the stakes with every tweet with
every day that passes the stakes go up
again this morning the president states
using the term criminal deep state
saying it's a major spy scandal the
likes of which this country may never
have seen before we thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
