the Congress would like to see documents
opened up a lot of people are saying
they had spies in my campaign if they
had spies in my campaign that would be a
disgrace to this country that would be
one of the biggest insults that anyone's
ever seen and it would be very illegal
aside from everything else it would make
probably every political event ever look
like small potatoes so we want to make
sure that there weren't I hope there
weren't frankly but some man got paid
based on what I read in the newspapers
and on what you reported some person got
paid a lot of money that's not a normal
situation the kind of money you're
talking about
so hopefully that would be and I think
the Department of Justice wants to get
down to it and I can tell you Congress
does president Trump venting his
frustration about reports of an FBI
informant talking with members of his
campaign in 2016
tomorrow will be the meeting between
members of the DOJ and Congress to
review the highly classified documents
related to contact between an FBI source
and the Trump campaign Republican
congressman Devin Nunez and trey Gowdy
will meet with FBI director Chris Rea
National Intelligence director Dan coats
and a DOJ national security official
named IDO Callahan no Democrats were
invited to the meeting
that's another break in a traditionally
bipartisan field of intelligence
oversight the White House says there was
no reason to make the meeting bipartisan
my understanding is they haven't been
the ones requesting this information I
would refer you back to them on why they
would consider themselves randomly
invited to see something they've never
asked to but on Monday evening more than
15 hours before the participants were
announced Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer issued a statement saying if
such a meeting occurs it must be
bipartisan in order to serve as a check
on the disturbing tendency of the
president's allies to distort facts and
undermine the investigation and the
people conducting it Joseph Senator
Schumer
clearly asked to be involved in this
meeting why not not only is this
unheard-of and unprecedented it really
is a recipe for disaster in the coming
weeks and months and and poisons the
atmosphere and you know David Ignatius
we are focusing at times on Republicans
and some self-described conservatives
who actually aren't conservatives their
trumpets who have responded badly to
this moment and in the history of our
constitutional republic I've noticed so
and I'm sure you have too over the past
several days a lot of strong
conservative voices people that have
that carry great weight in the
conservative movement actually speaking
out David French guy Benson others
stated French wrote in the National
Review yesterday he said I find the
notion that the Russia investigation
itself was corrupt from the beginning to
be so bizarre as to border on
fantastical there was ample reason to
investigate whether the Trump campaign
had improper contacts with Russia and of
course the point that David makes that I
believe right Benson is made and others
have made is hey listen bring on the IG
report if there was any wrongdoing
that's fine but do not pretend that
Trump's activity or the activity of
people connected to his campaign was not
suspicious because any administration
would be concerned about that and any
FBI director would want to know more if
a major national candidate possibly
being elected president in states was
having improper meetings with the
Russians the Chinese the Iranians you
pick your country right so what what the
Republicans like French like others like
many others I hope are doing really is
rescuing our system of bipartisan
oversight of intelligence if
intelligence activities become so
politicized that an effort by the FBI or
the CIA to track down reports of Conny
improper contact a sort of thing that's
happened sometimes through our history
if those if those efforts become
politicised it's almost impossible for
the intelligence agencies to share their
most sensitive information with
Committees of Congress this idea that
you're going to brief only one side on
the house
about your findings is just completely
contrary to the system it was set up
after the scandals of the 1970s so that
there's a lot at stake here the way in
which the the Trump administration has
succeeded through this kind of echo
chamber effect with right-wing media of
making peripheral characters the center
of the stories so they obscure the the
basic thrust of what Special Counsel of
Mahler's trying to try to figure out
what happened here
were there any crimes it's something
people will look back on in 10 15 years
and they they'll be shocked and joyce
vance not just what robert muller is
trying to do but what robert muller has
already done you can measure this
special counsel against all others he
has done more in a shorter period of
time than any of the other special
counsels he has actually brought charges
successfully against the president's
campaign manager against the president's
the man that ran the president's
national security agency who is now
cooperating with him man that donald
trump said was running his foreign
policy one of the two men Donald Trump
claimed to be running his foreign policy
to the Washington Post in the middle of
the campaign he is now a cooperating
witness with a man who not only helped
run the the president's campaign but
helped organize the president's
inauguration and was still working for
the president after the inauguration I
could go down the list 13 Russians to
Russian companies many more Russian
targets to be indicted coming up I mean
this is not a close call this is not a
witch hunt and this is what Republicans
are not Republicans trumpets what
Americans not to see they want to go
back to how this investigation began
and again Joyce my god any FBI director
would be concerned with the contacts
that were made between a campaign for
president and Russia the I mean this
this Graeme's this this well it screams
not only improper contact but this sort
of crimes that right now robert muller
is chasing after the FBI has two
different missions it's easy to lose
sight of this but it's important to
understanding what happened here the FBI
investigates violations of criminal law
but they also have a counterintelligence
function and that's how this
investigation started out they began to
receive intelligence probably the most
important thing that they heard was that
george papadapolis was talking about the
theft of emails about having access to
clinton's emails and this intelligence
came in from the australians and so what
what President Trump is now calling
spies planted in his campaign was
actually an effort to find out what were
the Russians doing and to put a stop to
what the Russians were doing this is an
investigation that any candidate should
have embraced and should have
participated in and we're told that the
president was briefed when he was still
candidate Trump was told that it was
likely that after he was the nominee
that the Russians would try somehow to
have some insight into his campaign
perhaps to try to influence people
so given everything that we know and the
fact that no one from the Trump campaign
picked up the phone and called the FBI
to say hey there's some Russians trying
to arrange meetings with us when they
met with Russians in June of 2016 in
Trump Tower increasingly this idea that
the FBI planted spies is absolutely
ludicrous well as is the fact Willie
that there was some conspiracy by
Justice and the FBI and the Obama
administration to rig the election if
that were the case and they were all
characters out of mic judges idiocracy
and probably watered their grass with a
Gatorade because after all the
investigation into Donald Trump's
possible contact with Russia was kept
quiet while Hillary Clinton got a letter
from the FBI
ten days beforehand that was absolutely
devastating to her campaign everything
the FBI did in the homestretch was the
Donald Trump's benefit and Hillary
Clinton's detriment including McCabe's
leak now for somebody not to understand
that I mean seriously
it suggests only one thing and that is
they are either intentionally lying or
that you're too stupid to handle
household appliances well it's I'll
leave it to you Willie to decide which
it is I can't believe it's the appliance
part toasters aren't that hard so it has
to be the willful thing I mean these are
the same people who celebrated James
Comey coming out with that letter
remember James Comey was the boogey man
for the Clinton campaign and the reason
a lot of people around her in support of
her thinks she lost and now that
narrative has been flipped on a total
180 by the Trump White House there's
another angle to this story for that we
want to go to co-founder and CEO of
Axios Jim VandeHei this morning Axios is
looking at the quote anti Muller Brigade
Jim good morning this is a this is quite
a crew assembled including Mark Penn a
guy who worked on Hillary Clinton's
campaign was a chief strategist in 2008
who ran Bill Clinton's reelection in
1996 was part of the team there he put
him together with the freedom caucus and
some Fox News and you've got the anti
muller brigade yeah well think about
this as a public debate you have Muller
doing what he should do what she's
saying nothing and so he's not in the
debate occasionally he'll offer an
indictment and some clues but he's not
really backing up sort of his case and
won't until the final argument on the
other side you do have that vacuum being
increasingly filled by this brigade of
people who are trying to undermine not
just Muller now but sort of the origins
of this investigation in the beginning
and it's sort of two squads you got this
motley crew of 1990s figures you're rudy
giuliani's you're alan dershowitz mark
pan who was with the Clintons then and
now is very sort of pro Trump at least
on the on the arguments about this case
and then you've got these members of
Congress not all members but we have no
teen or whatever it was standing up
there saying that we want to find out
information about this informant echoing
a lot of there's a mole in the campaign
type rhetoric that stuff successful
because you look at the polls and you
see Republicans our deeply skeptical of
Muller our deeply skeptical of this
investigation and so as they it's a PR
campaign and it's a pretty successful PR
campaign that too what you guys are
talking about can be really damaging
because he met the the Trump lovers that
are watching the show if you go back
know responsible FBI would have heard
the things that they heard and not
looked into it and when you start to
look into it you always use informants
you always use all the tools you have at
your disposal to figure out is there
truth to it but the more they talk about
mole and people think there's a mole
probably the better that is for Donald
Trump when he gets to the political side
of this argument can we we know that
Muller is being silent and he's keeping
his you know hey damn we know that
there's a lot of people who are
supporting Trump who are yelling a lot
of things that we are questionable
where are the Muller or at least the law
enforcement supporters or the
Republicans who should be speaking out
against this where's their voice these
days well there are some conservatives
Joel mentioned a few but there's not a
lot of prominent sort of elected
officials that are defending Muller even
those who really respect Muller in many
ways the defense comes from their
silence so you guys were talking about
Nunez in this meeting tomorrow look
who's not going to that look who's not
playing this game it's Senate
Republicans who are trying to protect
the bipartisan nature of the
intelligence apparatus of the US
government but that's not that
persuasive not in this age of like chaos
and cable I think what sells is Mark
Penn's columns or the tweets that come
from the President of the United States
and Muller really can't mother would
destroy his own credibility if he
started to make a public case before he
offers his final argument but by the
time he does this will be a political
case there's legal dimensions obviously
but ultimately the House of
Representatives controlled by
Republicans in the Senate controlled by
Republicans at least right now will
determine Trump's faith and so that's
why Trump spends the vast majority of
his time ranting and raving about the
about this investigation because he
knows the more people are suspicious of
it the better and safer he is when push
comes to shove with the Muller report
and I mean he's admitted that he's
admitted off-camera to reporters that he
does it in part to discredit the press
so when they write negative stories
about him Donald Trump that they don't
believe that and I understand Donald
Trump doing that he's fighting for his
life it's it's wrong and I think it's
extraordinarily terrible for a president
do I am shocked the people on the hill
are doing it but they are let me ask you
though and let's be blunt about it
what exactly is Mark Penn selling here's
a guy who lost Hillary Clinton's
campaign by telling her she didn't have
to plan in 2008 for any contests after
Super Tuesday he left that campaign
responsible for her loss to Barack Obama
what what is Mark Penant selling coming
to the defense of Donald J Trump
I think he's selling his argument which
he which he would argue was the same
that he had for Clinton in the 90s that
this whole idea of special counsels is
crazy because they have this wide
license to investigate whatever they
want to investigate but clearly he was
not well liked by Democrats if you look
at Twitter he's getting trashed by
Democrats now obviously for coming to
the fence of Trump but to your point
about C ever does he have a fox does he
have a Fox News contract is you writing
for conservative websites I want to know
as you know in Washington DC often when
people do strange things like this
creatures of the Swap they're doing it
for a reason does it is easy to get a
Fox News contract or Z I don't show
heroes for the hill
the initial column was in the hill which
we could debate whether or not it's
conservative but you guys cite their
work occasionally we cite their work
occasionally I don't know if he has a
contract with Fox I think he's a known
conservative he is sort of a known
mischief maker in democratic politics
and I think the reason that it really
frustrates in particular is because it's
just every time you have somebody else
most people don't
about this the way we do if they're
watching they're like wait this person
used to work for Clinton and they're
with Trump maybe Trump is right and we
all think like I just all madness with
Trump there's a method don't be don't
fool yourself there's a method he knows
he said it if he goes after this and
plant seeds of doubt over and over and
over at least 50% of the public over
time and maybe more might agree with
them and that is the strategy spend the
strategy for a year it'll be the
strategy until this ends and it's why he
loves Rudy because Rudy has the same
grievances mentality and approach to it
and now he's got a mouthpiece as his new
spokesperson all right Jim VandeHei will
be reading xeo as always Jim thanks so
much Joyce Vince thank you as well some
bad news to share the Baron's are eight
and a half back in last place behind the
Chattanooga lookouts so let's get on
your horse there get going there in
Birmingham will do better okay
thanks Joyce still to come it's a risky
business speaking for president Trump
New York Times magazine chief national
correspondent mark Leibovich got a look
inside the White House communications
office he joins us next to tell us what
he found out thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
