barnacles still going about the game
last night joining us now national
political correspondent for NBC News and
MSNBC Steve Kornacki his new book the
red and the blue the 1990s and the birth
of political tribalism is out now and it
could not be more timely Steve great to
see you I want to dive into a new poll
show and the Democrats top pick up
opportunity in the Senate becoming a
much tougher race the NBC News Marist
Poll and Nevada shows Republican senator
Dean Heller now with a two-point lead
over Democratic congresswoman Jackie
Rosen 46 percent to 44 that's a
statistical tie of course but Rosen had
been ahead in every public poll since
July what do you see here yeah that put
it in some perspective in terms of pick
up opportunities for Democrats Dean
Heller is the only Republican running
for re-election in 2018 in a state that
Trump lost in 2016 so a Clinton State
Republican running for re-election and
then you add in just last week of course
the Cavanaugh drama Dean Heller voting
for that nomination this poll showing
that it may be as close to a wash a
little more opposition to Cavanaugh than
support but for Democrats look any path
to Senate control for them absolutely
requires Nevada it's not it's not
sufficient but it's necessary for them
to get Nevada if you have Democrats
falling behind in Nevada and it comes on
top of the news we've been talking about
the last couple days out of Tennessee
out of Texas out of North Dakota those
three alone could block Democrats from
getting control you add a Nevada to that
it really feels like there's two
different tracks of sort of stories
emerging here when it comes to the
midterms on the Senate side things have
taken a pretty big step in the
Republicans favor it seems the last week
or ten days on the house side though
Democrats still absolutely in position
potentially to win that back you
mentioned it we've seen movement toward
Marsha Blackburn in Tennessee but a
tight race Bredesen up in some polls
she's opening up a little bit of a lead
there what's going on there and more
broadly with Republicans that have to do
with the Cavanaugh affair yeah we
started to see the movement in Tennessee
though before the vote but maybe as the
Cavanaugh things started to galvanize
that this idea of Republican interest
the thing I've been looking for in
Tennessee is just the idea of political
gravity asserting itself this is a state
that went for Donald Trump by 26 points
this is a state that hasn't elected a
Democrat to the Senate since Al Gore
back in 1990 and
the state were Phil Bredesen the former
governor running for as a Democrat was
kind of defying a political gravity the
reason was as the governor he's detached
from Washington he's detached from the
national party label and he's very
personally popular Blackburn had some
issues of her own on the Republican side
in terms of unity there so all summer
you saw that you were looking at polls
that showed Britain's personal
popularity well over sixty percent dream
numbers for a Democrat in red state but
if voters in tennessee start looking at
this as a national democrat versus
national republican we know how they're
going to go we know how they're gonna go
there but of course that's why a
governor has a better chance of keeping
it close we'll see what happens still a
long way to go Tennessee's actually more
likely pick up four Democrats than Texas
which seems to me is going to be a real
stretch but we talked about the Senate
obviously the Cavanaugh affair had an
awful lot to do with that but you go
over to the house and you look at a new
poll that's out on the generic ballot
test Democrats have a 13-point lead up
to since September a 13-point lead on
the generic ballot test that's obviously
a pretty darn significant Steve but
again it comes down to intensity but how
what percentage of those 54% are going
to be coming out and voting what
percentage of the 41% are going to be
coming out voting when you're talking
about midterms it's all intensity isn't
it yeah I mean that's that's the CNN
poll yesterday look the one thing I'm
curious about that is that CNN poll on
that question of the generic ballot it's
been wider I think consistently through
the year than a lot of other polls so
we've seen in the last week you know
this NPR Mehra's poll that showed that
energy gap narrowing it had the generic
ballot at six there was another that had
it at eight now CNN clocks in at 13 I'm
curious to see subsequent polls over the
next week or so if it shows there really
has been a trend closer to that CNN
level or maybe that is a touch or two
too rosy for Democrats so that's one
thing to keep in mind with that but yeah
I mean when I say there's two different
tracks emerging here a Senate side that
looks pretty good for Republicans in the
house side that has a lot of
opportunities for Democrats I think it's
it's particularly the issue here we
talked
so much about the suburbs about women in
the suburbs I saw another poll that came
out just yesterday Barbara Comstock a
Republican running for re-election in
the suburbs of Northern Virginia outside
DC poll yesterday again has her double
digits behind in that race she's running
in a Clinton district and that is that
is where the head winds are the fiercest
when you're a Republican this fall Steve
IRRI phrase political gravity apply it
to Texas better or ork great enthusiasm
what's the reality in Texas do you think
a reality is Texas is still a state that
went for Donald Trump by nine points in
now that was better for Democrats than
they've been doing it was 16 points for
Romney over Obama in 2012 came down to
nine points Democrats have been saying
look that's part of a longer-term trend
that you've been seeing of Texas with
demographic change making it a little
more friendly they think Trump may be
accelerated that a little bit in
suburban areas around Houston in
particular and that maybe if you get a
mid term environment with through really
juiced up Democratic base you could get
sort of a perfect storm ad in that Ted
Cruz has some of his own is using the
state but yeah I think political gravity
in Texas even in a year like 2018
probably still looks like a Cruz
advantage of four or five points and
there's one poll probably about three or
four weeks ago right now that had a
leading by two points otherwise every
single poll I've seen in this has still
shown Cruz ahead yeah David David
Ignatius obviously we still are about a
month out and I think it was Harold
Macmillan or a British prime minister
after him that said in politics a week
is a lifetime well three four weeks a
very long time there's no doubt you look
at those Senate numbers they've been
impacted by Cavanaugh I'm just curious
actually what upholds look like a week
from now ten days from now they could be
quite different
that's the right question we are in a
post Cavanaugh bounce for the
Republicans they're motivated we'll have
to see how all these factors at home on
abroad play you could have foreign
crises for example coming out of the
apparent death of
of my colleague Jamal khashoggi and the
Trump administration's reaction but you
know it's it's a very fluid period
I've fascinated by Steve's do you that
this this is diverging that there's a
house narrative anis and a Senate
narrative
again you know good candidates a wave of
surprising news and Steve that those
numbers could move around I'm sure yeah
no absolutely I mean if you look at the
at the house side in this thing I
highlight the the suburban areas there
were those the obvious opportunities you
know for Democrats there's twenty five
districts out there that Hillary Clinton
won in 2016 but that are now represented
by Republicans and when you look at the
ones particularly you know right outside
Kansas City right outside New York City
in New Jersey right outside DC in
Southern California outside Denver I can
think of another one you're seeing I
think some of the most significant
movement away from those Republican
incumbents away from those Republican
help seats the question to me on the
house side has been I sort of believe in
those areas we've we've seen and we'll
continue to see a blue wave the question
is is that wave gonna get bigger is it
going to expand to some of those
districts where Trump was winning by
five ten you know even more points for
Democrats to get the house to get the
House by a comfortable margin even
that's where that wave needs to expand
to thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
