a Gavin E Freedman is a Russian
immigrant and he's known locally at
least in New York State as the taxi King
he may not be a national name until
tonight but now he is and I'll tell you
why the breaking news as I mentioned is
that he is officially cooperating with
authorities as a potential witness
Friedman managing cabs with Michael
Cohen Trump's attorney for years this
came even after he was banned by New
York City regulators last year he
continued to do this kind of work and
the New York Times was first with this
big story but it's been confirmed by the
attorney general's office in New York
Friedman pleading guilty to a count of
evading $50,000 worth of taxes
development raises pressure on Michael
Cohen and pressure on whether he will
ultimately also flip and how high up the
chain of command this goes we have a lot
more on this including several experts
joining me but I want to begin with the
man who has tangled the most with
Michael Cohen stormy Daniels lawyer
Michael avenatti Michael thanks for
joining me by phone on this breaking
story did you have an inkling that this
was coming and what does it mean for
Cohen and president Trump well we did
have an inkling that it was coming and
Ari I don't think it's going to be
something I don't think I know it's not
going to be the last incident as an
individual slippin on Michael Cohen I
think that you know obviously this is a
significant development it makes it that
much more likely although in my mind
there was there has been a little doubt
over the last three months that Michael
Cohen is going to be indicted for some
very serious offenses and that in turn
as I've predicted for some time and I'll
continue to predict is going to have a
huge impact potentially on mr. Trump and
how far up the chain this truly goes
when you say this is the first and not
the last are you saying that you have
reason to believe Michael Evan Adi that
there are other individuals around Cohen
who have criminal liability that will be
charged or will cooperate yes absolutely
I described him weeks ago as radioactive
and I bent it then and I beat it today
when you look at this prosecution it
comes out of the New York Attorney
General's Office which was of course in
the news
the Democrat at the helm of that office
of clash was Trump Eric Schneiderman
reside amidst credible and verified
allegations of domestic abuse it appears
that this prosecution moves forward as
you know and as many viewers have come
to understand as everyone's gotten a
crash course in the pardon power it
would be apparently ironclad that this
type of case has no power for Donald
Trump to pardon how do you think that
figures in I think it's an important
development and it's something that
we've touched on already previously and
I've been I think for some time and that
is that while mr. Cohen may believe that
he has the ultimate get-out-of-jail-free
card in the in the way of a pardon from
someone that he believes is a close
friend although I have serious questions
ultimately as to whether there would be
any loyalty there but namely mr. Trump I
think mr. Cohen believes that that is
all to make it out of jail free card I
think it's a loser II I don't think it's
gonna happen and I take PP ultimately
relies on that he's going to be very
very sorry and I don't think he will
rely on that do you have reason to
believe Michael as we again process this
breaking news at a close associate of
business partner Michael Cohen has
flipped and is cooperating with
authorities do you believe that the
nature of this case is similar to the
kind of case that could ultimately be
built against Michael Cohen meaning that
he could face also charges that Donald
Trump would not have the power to pardon
no question and what does that mean well
that means exactly
I mean I'm agreeing with your question
Ari and I think that there's going to be
significant charges that will be brought
on the central level there'll be
significant charges they could be
brought on the state level against
Michael Cohen look I've said it before
and maybe I haven't been clear enough
Michael Cohen is going to be in a world
of hurt in a very short period of time
he's going to have very few options and
that's why I've said repeatedly that I
think ultimately he's going to flip on
the part of the United States when you
look at all this centering on the
business dealings it is as you know and
as some of your critics have said
Michael further and
they're away from your original standing
in this case which is over a civil
matter involving your client storming
Daniels is there anything here that you
believe goes beyond that purview and
really is more about the authorities
looking into their separate business
dealings in this case taxes and taxes so
to speak and is is really outside of
your area of influence and expertise or
is that is that in your view too narrow
for the role you're carving out no I
think that's too narrow I mean I think
that a lot of these business dealings
you this is quite the quagmire re a lot
of this is intertwined interwoven if you
will these various business dealings the
dealings or the involvement of essential
consultants the use of the bank account
I mean a lot of this all flowed into the
same account the same it dealt with the
same players in many many respects so
you know to those critics that say that
that this is beyond my purview I mean my
purview according to whom I mean I don't
have a congressional mandate right I can
comment on whatever I want to comment on
and ultimately your viewers and others
will determine as to whether I'm
credible or not I think that's far I've
shown myself to be fairly credible well
I think it is fair to say thus far some
of the things that you have said and the
information that you have referred to a
provided has been borne out I mean part
of our job is is to show folks that you
have an agenda just like mr. Cohen just
like other people in this active lawsuit
and then get to the facts of what's
verifiable I want you to stay with me
Michael I want to bring in a legal
analyst known to our viewers Maya Wiley
who's former counsel mayor of New York
City as well as Matt Miller former DOJ
spokesman and the criminal defense
attorney Ambrosio Rodriguez but starting
with with Maya for Michael avenatti what
do you think of his view of this and do
you have a question for him well I'd
start with a questioning which is mr.
avenatti since your primary goal and
zealously representing your client is
that the the NDA that she's been covered
by is essentially ruled null and void by
a court that it has no legal premise
I'm just wondering how that actually
attaches to the rest of the
investigation that we're talking about
you've certainly been credible in that
in the sense that we brought forward has
borne fruit
but what exactly is is Stephanie
Clifford's interest beyond her ability
to speak about an incident that happened
to her with Donald Trump well I think
our efforts have been clear that they're
focused on on four primary goals one
invalidation of the NBA on multiple
grounds including that it violated
campaign finance public policy etc
that's number one number two holding mr.
Cohen responsible for his defamatory
statements regarding my client seeking
damages
number three holding mr. Trump
responsible for his defamatory
statements against my client and seeking
damages and then fourth in overall
general belief that the truth in the
evidence relating to Michael Cullen his
buggy's tactics is intimidation tactics
and his business practices that are
illegal should be borne out and laid
there for the American people and I
don't understand why people would
criticize my client or me for bringing
that information to life or something
wrong was it
in fact people appear to appreciate it
including many journalists Michaels stay
with me Matt Miller speak to that larger
point which does relate to the criminal
culpability here that as we've discussed
relates to several jurisdictions and you
can think of them as jurisdictions where
Donald Trump could legally interfere and
pardon and those where he can't and
that's why tonight's news may be
especially acute and scary both for
Michael Cohen who as I reporting is
facing now an individual who can
cooperate against him but also for
Donald Trump if he's seeing state
charges bear fruit with that in mind
Matt Miller also speak to the point miss
Robin re-raise which is if there is a
fusion here if there is a kind of store
McDaniels of fication of everything and
a sloppiness to that that is the product
of Michael Cohen's decision to mingle
these funds to use the same essential
consultants a secret account and and now
to have a lot of folks digging into all
that Matt yeah I think that's exactly
right look on the on the first point I
have always been somewhat skeptical of
the idea that that it would be a joint
investigation between the state attorney
general's office and Bob Muller's a
special counsel who
whose ultimate charge is investigating
Russian interference in the election and
whether any Americans took part of that
whether some joint investigation in that
regard would produce state charges it
seems to me that for the most part
that's not within the state attorney
general's mandate this separate matter
into Michael Cohen is an entirely
different question if you look at the
kind of exposure that Michael Cohen has
you can see you know on the federal
level fraud charges you can see
potential tax charges and on the state
level you know charges of you know
violating state laws that appears his
business partner did in terms of how he
ran his taxi business so this is a
different area where I think you could
see you know very robust cooperation by
by state and federal investigators where
state state investigators bring charges
when it's appropriate and used that
leverage to get him to flip in a federal
case or even vice versa and it could you
could see the Southern District of New
York declined to bring charges and defer
them to the state if they thought that
was the most effective way because it
meant he was cavenda and couldn't be
pardoned by the president United States
Ambrosio as a criminal defense attorney
what do you see here in this news well I
think what happened today in Albany is a
very bad turn of events for mr. Cohen
he's been referred to as his business
partner this was really his mentor who
brought him into the taxi business he
knows where everything is and his
cooperation with federal authorities
against Michael Cohen I think will
expose Michael Cohen to such great
criminal liability that it is just a
matter of time we've before we start
talking about Michael Cohen having
flipped and turn on the president which
will be earth-shattering when once once
when that happens you think based on
your knowledge of the president and bro
do you think based on your knowledge of
the pressures and the way this works
that that is of what likelihood 50/50
80/20 ninety nine one I mean look at the
deal that he got I mean he it was 25
years per charge
he got what five years or something very
de minimis I think look as a former
prosecutor and as a defense attorney now
I always look in a situation like this
what is the maximum exposure that a
defendant is facing and what deal that
does he get
the kind of the chasm between his
maximum and what he's getting shows you
just how much information he has federal
prosecutors make deals based on what you
have and what you can give them yeah
Michael avenatti on that point a ninety
ninety one and this comes from as we
mentioned independent analyst and a
criminal defense expert listen though to
Donny Deutsch giving his recent
assessment from primary source
conversations Michael Cohen about
flipping Michael its words to me he's
loyal he says I'd rather jump out of a
building then turn on Donald Trump you
know he fiercely got my change over time
but he has this fierce fierce well you
know fierce loyalty that's almost
inexplicable at this point almost
inexplicable to the point Michael
avenatti that as you know it is it has
become something of a literal national
joke with the Ben Stiller impression on
SNL as as Michael Cohen inexplicably
loyal what in tonight's news though
makes you so convinced that and you've
been saying for some time that that he
will not withstand the pressure well are
a lot of criminal defendants take this
position and they state this
unequivocally when they're immediately
arrested or certainly before or after
their arrest then reality starts to set
in and they begin to look at how serious
the charges are on how serious the
potential years and how many years and
they realized that they could likely die
in prison if they don't slip and provide
information and you would be amazed at
how quickly they soften and take a
completely counter position and I'm
confident highly confident that that's
ultimately what's going to happen with
Michael Cohen but I want to raise an
issue that I think is very important for
your viewers to understand and for
people to start thinking about if
Michael Cohen is not careful he's going
to put himself on an island if the
following is true now mr. Giuliani made
a statement last week and I don't
believe a lot of what mr. Giuliani says
these days frankly but he made a
statement that mr. Muller had made it
known to and I believe mr. Giuliani or
others that mr. Muller does not believe
a sitting president could be indicted
federally now
that's true mr. Cohen could have a
significant significant problem and that
is that he could be charged with
countless very serious criminal acts and
he's facing an enormous amount of time
and not have anyone to slip on not have
the ability to trade information in
which case he could be in a very very
bad spot now depending on what happens
with these state charges that might be
different but if mr. Giuliani is to be
believed and if mr. Cohen continues to
take this position as opposed to getting
into the US Attorney's Office like
yesterday and sitting down with them and
beginning that dialogue if he if he
waits too long the clocks gonna run out
and he could be in a terrible spot and
my Wiley we have spent the significant
balance of our time looking at the
significance of this to what is an open
criminal probe into the president United
States regarding his potential
obstruction on a week when he has been
cracking down in very blatant ways on
the Justice Department and on whether
there was a conspiracy with a foreign
power to effectively subvert American
democracy aka big stuff but I would be
remiss as the as the reporter of record
here not to point out that again tonight
we are also learning about the
uncontroverted crimes of people in and
around Donald Trump even if he's
absolved of the other stuff I just
mentioned in other words if this were
the Obama presidency and it was yet
another individual again not presumed
innocent this is a plea deal this is an
acceptance of guilt this is another
person linked to the uppermost reaches
of the Trump Organization Michael Cohen
being an executive there and the trumps
personal attorney of ten years who's now
saying oh by the way I'm a criminal too
I think the question that this raises is
whether or not there's a criminal
enterprise so I think that's what we
don't know right so let me just be clear
there's a larger mob style activity
that's right if you actually have but
now we know that Michael Cohen has a lot
of businesses right so it doesn't mean
that any of the businesses are may
actually be the subject of criminal
indictment or investigation or
indictment are ones connected to the
Trump Organization but that's the real
question now I think we that this is
something that we need to understand
and I'm sure that prosecutors are going
to be trying to understand is the
connection between various forms of
criminal activity just take 2014 where
we actually the New York Times had
reported that Michael Cohen actually
sold four buildings for thirty two
million dollars in one day for cash and
that he was the kind of person a bank
wouldn't go to now if that's the kind of
real estate deal that someone who is
very closely connected to a real estate
developers engaged in it does raise
questions doesn't mean we know the
answers it does raise questions and I
want to just go back to one thing that
mr. avenatti said earlier in response to
my question which was thuggish Ness and
that's why I raised that if if it is
true
that this helps uncover whether or not
for instance Stephanie Clifford was
threatened by someone at the direction
of Michael Cohen we don't know but if
that is a connection that I can
completely understand the relevance of
trying to understand an enterprise of
activity right and that's something that
the feds and now we see for the first
time officially a state prosecutors
involved with is trying to figure out if
everyone's acting like gangsters is that
because they're gangsters hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
