joining me now is Bob Bauer he was a
White House Counsel under President
Barack Obama mr. Bauer welcome to show
thank you the Thunder that you hear
above we are in a stormy times in
Washington so let's use the metaphor to
talk about our story today if you're Don
Magan White House Counsel and the
president said what he said on Sunday
doesn't matter whether you think he's
doing the right thing or not but he's
put it out there these order how would
you handle that as White House Counsel
the entire setup in the White House is
meeting with the president and the
Department of Justice and intelligence
community was highly irregular now I
don't know to what extent Don was in a
position of advising on this meeting
what role he had just what kind of
process John Kelly set up but this
meeting is a remarkable crossing of a
line that I think it's held through
virtually every administration since
Richard Nixon but there's no law
governing this system there are norms
i√∂ they're not law there are norms there
no there that's correct
but at the same time I would also say
that within the larger context of
whether the president president is
vulnerable to an obstruction charge this
is not helpful it is not helpful that he
collaborated with House Republicans to
try to out an intelligence source in an
ongoing criminal investigation and it is
not helpful that he now has the White
House directly involved in supervising
essentially the conduct of a criminal
investigation by opening up
investigative files and by putting
Republican congressional leaders in
close proximity to information of a
highly sensitive nature they're not even
pretending this is bipartisan no they're
not inviting the counterparts in those
committees they have two chairmen coming
I believe Gowdy and newness I don't
believe that the two counterparts have
been invited correct I think that's a
really important point if there was an
extraordinary situation here and the
president says although with no evidence
that we're aware of that spies may have
been planted in his campaign you would
think that he would explain the
extraordinary measures he would try to
bring the Democratic congressional
leadership into it he would brief them
on it he would try to have them
understand what he was trying to
accomplish there's no evidence of this
this is a in-your-face attempt to assert
presidential authority over the
Department of Justice all right if the
legislative branch collectively isn't
take it on its own to sort of challenge
the president's authority here and what
he's doing with the Justice Department
what's your recourse if the Congress
doesn't act well I don't think there's
much of any recourse except we have to
hope that the mauler investigation is
protected and that ultimately there's an
accounting through the law enforcement
process as you could sell the
president's getting closer and closer to
trying to so shut that down all right so
you're basically saying cuz we were
having this debate when our meeting
today I'm guessing the founders never
intended for the legislative branch to
just basically step aside when it comes
to some of these issues that they would
just sort of let the executive branch do
these things without challenging it I
guess they didn't have a plan B for a
situation like this because what you're
saying is does this mean what the
president is doing is constitutional
because the legislative branch isn't
challenging well the rather size of
branch could ultimately come to deal
with this issue through an impeachment
process of course the founders formerly
thought they could do that right do that
with respect to obstruction and other
similar allegations beyond that if you
didn't have the president in league with
his own party in this effort you would
have you know very strong congressional
oversight was a lot of glimmer of this
when they passed the bill to essentially
protect Muller from firing the to send a
message to the president and when they
did it through the committee through the
committee when he came through the
committee you saw a glimmer of that and
that that that light seems to have gone
out so this is now so I guess I go back
to is what if if the legislative branch
doesn't challenge it is what the
president's doing constitutional or not
or is it just we don't know and there's
no is there any way to get the judiciary
branch to review this without having the
legislative branch challenging no I
don't believe that they're put a sole
member of Congress to it no a sole
member of Congress and my job wouldn't
have that standing to do that no
absolutely not so this is a loophole I
don't I think it's there's an
expectation that the Legislature will
take this seriously if necessary it'll
be pressure to put pressure on the
executive branch and failing that if it
comes to it it would begin to initiate
an impeachment inquiry that's the view I
understand that but right now you have a
legislative branch that does not seem to
be troubled by any of this or at least
as an institution there are individual
members trouble but that's an
institution they're not expressing that
view no because I think they believe
there
political fortunes are currently bound
up with protecting the president and
that's what makes a midterm election so
terribly important because if they come
out of that feeling strengthened and
they're gonna continue to support the
president in this course of conduct all
right what advice would you have for the
Justice Department under the
circumstance if they're concerned that
Congress isn't protecting them the way
an instead is actually trying to
undermine the investigation what do you
do if you're Christopher Rea and rad was
insane I think they say the course
exactly as they've been doing they try
to address these demands from the
president they do what they can to
protect them all our inquiry I think
that's in part what Rosen Stein did by
taking that demand of the President and
converting it into an OIG an inspector
general inquiry and I think frankly it's
a it's a rough ride from here on in and
they just hold on for dear life at what
point does resignation do you think is a
weapon that's an excellent question I
think that's an excellent question and
not only resignation by them but the
question of whether there would be
resignations even within the White House
if the president took this to extremes
we haven't seen it yet but it could
happen
our former White House Counsel for
President Obama among other titles
thanks for coming sharesies appreciate
it hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
