Bax has a column in The Washington Post
laying out the five political norms that
President Trump violated in just the
past week past seven days
among them revealing intelligence
sources that involves congressman Devin
Nunez demanding the name of an FBI and
let's stop right there kind of a problem
this is this is again Brian this is what
Republicans were the most fearful of
during the year and a half
investigation into Hillary Clinton's
emails that because she was reckless
with her emails that she may have either
revealed methods are revealed sources
she did neither
but now Donald Trump Devin Nunez and
others have in the light of day how
dangerous is that it's extremely
dangerous I mean stunning hypocrisy
obviously right but there's also the
this angle here where they just don't
care I mean we've we've now grown used
to Republicans supposed to get used to
it but they they now are accepting that
Trump clearly and blatantly cares about
himself more than national security
there's no question I mean nobody really
debates that point that when he's acting
he's acting out of self-interest not
national interest and that is something
that should not be a sort of open secret
with an American president back to the
list by max boot there's politically
motivated prosecutions namely the
president's tweet here by demanding a
Department of Justice investigation
there's mixing private and government
business in this case China giving a
half billion dollars to a Trump length
project in Indonesia and again I want to
go back to the Clintons mm-hmm
we were and a lot of other people were
rightly concerned about Bill Clinton's
speech fees what were these acquaint
good old days yeah Mike when we were so
nice about Bill Klan money-grubbing go
Clinton getting five hundred thousand
dollars of speech instead of two hundred
fifty thousand dollars a speech after
Hillary Clinton became Secretary of
State and he would give speeches in
areas that had business in front of the
State Department and we're trying to
change policies so that's well you know
you've got your calculator at home
that's two hundred fifty thousand dollar
difference the good we're talking here
about half a billion dollars that China
has
pumped in to it
that has the Trump Organization all over
it we were just talking with Desmond
Butler from The Associated Press and now
we're talking about this the White House
has been turned into a money pit
mm-hm by the people surrounding the
President of the United States and it's
an endless line of grifters people with
their hands out people using using the
the assumed power of the presidency
assumed access to a president United
States to turn a buck there is foreign
interference in u.s. elections that's
number four max boot points 275 contacts
that we know of between the Trump
campaign and Russia linked operatives
along with new revelations of other
countries also looking for an influence
and by the way I'm just talking about
the past week okay see this list is for
the past seven days and in Casey hunt I
want to go back to Mike Pence who lied
the week after Donald Trump was sworn in
and on one of the sunday shows said that
there had been no contact between the
Trump campaign and Russia he lied and
said oh why golly gee whiz we've only
been talking to the American people
extraordinary lie I mean Mike Pence's
role in this or lack thereof is actually
I think one of the most interesting
storylines throughout this it rarely
pops up into the top of our
consciousness as we talk about this but
for him to say I mean it's a it's a good
point as to what you say but they'll
also tell you privately you know he was
unaware of any of this going on he was
not part of the campaign when the Trump
Tower meeting happened and and I think
I've said this before but the the it's
not hard to find somebody inside the
Trump orbit that will be very quick to
tell you and to to insist usually off
the record or on background or in
background I should say that you know
the president the vice president had
nothing to do with this there's nothing
to see here I mean I thought it was
remarkable that he stepped into this
story in that injury interview he did
with Andrea Mitchell where he said it's
time for Muller to wrap it up because he
had been pretty carefully steering clear
of it and
kind of it made me wonder what kind of
pressure he was under from the President
on this topic it's time for Moeller to
wrap it up it's for some that's where
that's where he lifted the words from
Richard Nixon's joint accession speech
to Congress in January of 1974 literally
said the same thing that Nixon said for
months before Ehrlichman and Haldeman
and most of his campaign and and White
House staff got indicted it's it's
really interesting Mike Pence playing
dumb I wonder how the Trump campaign
explains that someone that they derided
as a coffee boy a Papadopoulos just a
coffee boy nobody else Papadopoulos is
that Papadopoulos knew more than the
vice president the United States coffee
boy no more than the vice president of
the United States this does matter
because we love this country so here's
the fifth just in the last seven days
undermining the First Amendment here
it's the president attacking Amazon in
what the column describes as a vendetta
against the Washington Post which is
owned by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Trump has
a problem with him so he's using this
country its laws really and his power to
try and hurt him four times four times
the president knighted States was a five
times said he went to the postmaster now
four times and put pressure on him to
change a policy the president the United
States four times called the postmaster
and pressures him to alter rates for
u.s. mail to harm a political adversary
that Garon
frickin T yeah it has never happened at
least in recent American history mystic
Schwartz will imagine a president so
obsessed with his own self-interest that
he's making calls to the Postmaster
General about Amazon because he doesn't
like the way the Washington Post has
treated him
it goes back to Brian's point of
self-interest first national interest
and by the way as you wonder where Paul
Ryan has been where conservatives about
the hand of government in fact the hand
of the the executive the chief executive
of governor putting his hand in a
private business to control it and to
tell it to change its rates to please
him and yes the least ever hypocrisy
Brian because we conservatives have
always been skeptical of the president
that Hamilton wanted in the Federalist
Papers we always held up Madison because
he was so so had such a stringent
standard for separations of power and
these hypocrites that call themselves
conservatives these hypocrites who call
themselves Republicans don't say a word
when the chief executive is battering
the US postmaster saying alter rates for
US mail because I want my political
adversary harmed
it's the tests of their political lives
and they're failing it and I think that
we have a situation in which the
founding fathers anticipated a demagogue
like Trump they didn't anticipate that
Congress would be complicit with him
yeah and you can't get used to this you
see shock and you see horror you and our
voices it's because we love this country
and we're not going to get used to this
coming up how to rig an election Brian
cloths will take us through his new book
and why he compares elections to a game
of whack-a-mole and Jon Meacham joins
the conversation of America by the way I
want one final thing if you think if
this is too much for you if you can't
handle the truth if you're thinking oh
they're just it's just one morning Joe
is just one yeah yeah guess what a fire
department has
focus when there's like a four-alarm
fire alright so if you don't want to
hear the truth you can change the
channel
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
