president Donald Trump is demanding as
you may have heard that the Justice
Department use its investigative powers
to pursue his partisan political agenda
a scorched-earth effort that is frankly
reminiscent of Richard Nixon who is of
course the last president to be pushed
out of office but let's be clear tonight
what Nixon was doing in secret Trump is
doing right here in public pounding the
Justice Department in the Muller probe
and tonight we can report the top
Democrat in Washington Senator Chuck
Schumer taking to the Senate floor to
signal that this is extremely serious he
flatly calls Donald Trump's call for
this DOJ probe into Obama officials
tonight quote grossly autocratic and
says that Donald Trump tonight is
according to Chuck Schumer leading the
United States towards a quote banana
republic now if you do watch this show
regularly you may have also noticed that
our news broadcast does not treat Donald
Trump's tweets as automatic news we do
not report on any latest Twitter insults
as a kind of national event but when
Donald Trump does do something important
that happens to take place on Twitter we
will show the tweet this is one of those
times your president Donald Trump
calling for a DOJ investigation into
whether or not the FBI or DOJ
infiltrated or surveilled the Trump
campaign for political purposes and if
any such demands or requests were made
by people within the Obama
administration Trump teeing off these
reports that is part of the FBI
investigation into Russian election
meddling there was an informant who
spoke to unpaid advisers to Donald Trump
now the DOJ can take Trump's tweet and
file it away or ignore it politicians
say all kinds of things but Trump
appointee and the supervisor of the
Malheur probe rod Rosenstein rushing to
essentially give credence to all of this
and operationalize Trump's demand
announcing that the internal DOJ
watchdog will look at this issue as part
of a probe that's already open and that
was opened specifically under pressure
from House Republicans over the infamous
Nunez memo which was about why Carter
page was surveilled now some legal
experts say that probe this whole thing
could just go nowhere others responding
by saying this is disappointing take
Eric Holder here who says it's all going
to risk time-honored DOJ independence
his view of what Rosenstein is doing
what I'm reporting for you tonight now
if any of this sounds maybe like an
internal DOJ office dispute where the
Justice Department's kind of
investigating itself let's remember the
repercussions for the Russia probe here
legally and really for Donald Trump's
entire presidency loom large because it
was the same internal watchdog that
Donald Trump pressured into scrutinizing
that Jim Comey deputy Andy McCabe they
review that ultimately asserted mccabe
was quote less than candid in interviews
which was then used to engineer that
friday night firing of andy mccabe he
was the first deputy FBI director ever
fired in American history he was also
potential witness against Trump in the
Russia probe and that was all the exact
outcome Trump had demanded including
taking away his pension is more of a
vindictive piece of that now rod Rosen
Stein has talked tough about standing up
to this kind of pressure like you may
remember this much played answer he gave
about pressure from congressional
Republicans there were people who have
been making threats privately and
publicly against me for quite some time
and I think they should understand by
now the Department of Justice is not
going to be extorted any kind of threats
that anybody makes are not going to
affect the way we do our job not gonna
affect the way we do our job which
sounds like a good answer but tonight we
can see Rosenstein immediately
responding to Donald Trump's demand to
yes change how he does his job he has
passed a highly controversial conspiracy
theory over to now another DOJ official
was gonna have to come up sooner or
later with an answer to all this I'm
joined by New York Congressman Jerry now
he's the leading Democrat the House
Judiciary Committee Sophia Nelson former
counsel of the GOP House Oversight
Committee and a former federal
prosecutor
Harry Littman congressman your colleague
Chuck Schumer going pretty far and
saying this is autocratic and a Banana
Republic
is that how you would put it I agree
this is very disturbing
you don't do criminal investigations
because the president ordered you to the
president has no business telling and
the Justice Department whom to
investigate and I'm glad they didn't
open a criminal investigation palming it
off on the inspector general is is a
political move but at least they didn't
open a criminal investigation had they
done that that would be far worse a
criminal investigation which the
president demanded should only be
predicated on evidence of a crime
whatsoever when they keep handing Donald
Trump's angry tweets to this DOJ this
DOJ watchdog as technically called the
Inspector General and his name's Michael
Horowitz not a household name is he is
he turning into something like the
bagman for President Trump because the
last time he got one of these requests
he basically found a way Friday night
under a deadline to get Andy McCabe
fired before that larger review as you
know was ever even completed so it
didn't even have the appearance of due
process no and I think that was very bad
but I think here the real danger is that
what Trump is trying to do is to find an
excuse to fire Rosenstein so as to be
able to eliminate or or hand string the
the the Muller investigation and I think
that Muller is trying to a rather
Rosenstein is trying to sites that that
none of this is good but at at least for
the moment he we don't have a real
crisis on our hands of Muller of Muller
or Rosa Stein being fired or or
hamstrung Sophia and that's that's
clearly what the president wants to do
mm-hmm
Sophia what do you think well I agree
with the congressman but I think I'll go
back to the question I've been asking
for months now which is what is wrong
with us
the people are elected representatives
that we continue to allow president
Trump to throw tantrums on Twitter to
throw out these things without any facts
or evidence arey and then as congressman
said rod roses themes put in this awful
position and he is in a bad position
let's be clear about that I don't fault
him for what
he did he is continuing to send these
reports or these threats or these
Tantrums over to the Inspector General
and I think he's doing that because
remember the Attorney General of the
United States has recused himself from
this investigation so Rosenstein the
ball ends with him I mean the buck stops
with him right so if he gets fired and
he gets moved out of the way then we
have a real problem so I think what he's
trying to do is keep his position so he
can continue to do his job but who cares
it's not easy yeah I'm hearing both do
you refer to that I think by now
everyone gets that but if it ain't this
thing on a Sunday tweet it'll be the
next thing in other words Harry rod
Rosen sides got to just got to decide
what his lines are and know that there
may be a pretextual excuse to fire him
and live with that doesn't he isn't that
the whole point of being an independent
prosecutor in the Justice Department
I leave that for your consideration
Harry and I want to play a colleague of
ours former Republican Congressman Joe
Scarborough weighing in on this today
what a disturbing series of tweets by
the president the president is breaching
constitutional norms once again the
President of the United States ordering
the Justice Department to investigate an
investigation that pertains to the
President himself that is an abuse of
power
Harry do you see this as an abuse of
power that the DOJ should stand up to
it's definitely an abuse of power I
agree 100% with you 100% with the with
the congressman it is axiomatic that the
president in the United States should
not be out there ordering up criminal
investigations and though and it's
completely wrong headed to be saying
it's somehow the Obama FBI investigating
Trump it'sit's politicized from top to
bottom and I've criticized Rosen Stein
in the past for sort of playing ball I
do want to underscore one thing the
congressman said look when Trump stands
up and says I hereby demand a
congressional investigation that is the
stuff of banana republics but when
Rosenstein diverts it to the IG
investigation and by the way the
Horowitz here is no bag
he's a straight shooter I think has been
proven to be but this is where was he
proven to be a straight shooter by his
handling of the mccabe matter yeah so
it's look it's a big because of you I
know lawyer lawyer I'm just asking a
tough question I'm gonna give you a
second one then I go back to the
congressman have us yes have you ever
seen a personnel matter handled that way
on a Friday night to deny a pension of a
senior director in an agency after
tweets from the president without any
public due process pertaining the rest
investigation I mean what they did and
get nothing yeah go ahead
yeah sorry nauseating and outrageous but
that wasn't Horowitz that was totally
trumped to run with it and and cut his
pension
the only quick point I wanna make when
you up here sir cuz you're on the beat
so we interrupt for facts it was
Horowitz Horowitz was in charge of that
he is the person now that has this
assignment he was the one who created
the report that went up to senior DOJ
leadership and he created it in
isolation to assess McCabe who also is a
key witness against Donald Trump before
the rest of the Clinton email probe
matter was reviewed and released indeed
that still hasn't come out and here we
are a year and a half later your turn
100% true but he's not the guy who plays
the henchmen to lower the boom on Friday
night that were the thing that was
really outrageous was the the vindictive
overreach to somehow cut McCabe's
pension I think the facts of that are
are somewhat troubling and we're gonna
we're gonna see as they come out but I
will tell you that Horowitz has a
long-standing reputation let me leave it
at that redrawn query check well let me
bring in the congressman yes he has that
reputation pre Trump the question now
and I put it in you congressman Nadler
is like many other people like Paul Ryan
who said during the campaign many things
about how he wouldn't support Donald
Trump we all remember he said them in
public Michael Horowitz is maybe going
to become a household name because this
is a test of how he operates at a Trump
Justice Department congressman well
Michael Horowitz has a reputation and
the record is a straight shooter for a
long time
and maybe he will be a household name
but the far more important thing frankly
is the Muller investigation and that it
be permitted to go on unhindered and a
Rosenstein be permitted to protect it
and so far he's done that and that is
the important thing because what is
important is that the Muller first of
all I presume he's gonna want to
interview the president that has to
happen with subpoena if necessary then
he has to issue the report that report
has to be made public that is the
important thing this other stand and the
fact that we're not actually opening a
criminal investigation that would be
totally Banana Republic territory and
they haven't done it
Sophia take a listen to Sally Yates who
of course was briefly acting Attorney
General as an Obama holdover left after
a conflict over the travel ban speaking
about all this recently the president
has just taken his all-out assault on
the rule of law to a new level and this
time he is ordering up an investigation
of the investigators who are examining
his own campaign you know that's really
shocking what she's getting at there
Sofia and I think what Washington is
struggling to understand is that Donald
Trump is very ingenious when it comes to
this stuff so he may ask for a criminal
investigation and not immediately get
that but he's already breaking down
these norms and getting the people who
are usually the guardians this again new
name to a lot of people but this
horowitz person to deal with the things
that rod Rosen Stein doesn't want to
deal with and the Trump wants done and
that creates an investigative process
interviews under oath criminal liability
and other things to essentially
according what we know pursue a
conspiracy theory that somehow the
reason that FBI officials and potential
informants were involved in surveilling
or dealing with Trump officials is not
that the Trump officials were suspicious
which is what all the evidence suggests
but rather that there was something
wrong in the deep state that was
pursuing them for political reasons in
other words 100 percent backwards look
we agreed that the president's behavior
for a long time has been that of an
autocrat and what they do is they break
down norms and they break down
institutions I will go back again to
what is wrong with us and we have a
congressman on with us congressman
Nadler
what is the Congress going to do to
address this it's time for you guys to
step up and hold president Trump's feet
to the fire and we know that they're
co-equal branches of government there's
a check-in a bounce and if the executive
is overreaching and he's violating the
norms of what we understand to be the
rule of law as Sally Yates says and I
agree then it's time for us to check him
don't we think I mean Jerry isn't so
final question in this segment is from
Sophia to the congressman well there are
a lot of things that Congress should be
doing but under the Republicans is not
going to do hopefully for the salvation
of the Republic we'll have a Democratic
majority in January and then we can
protect the independence of the special
prosecutor we can take various actions
because I agree what the president is
doing is holy holy Banana Republic is
holy beyond the norms it's it's eating
away at the constitutional protections
that we need and Congress has to protect
it but this Congress that the
Republicans will not do it if the
Democrats get controlled the Judiciary
Committee which I presumably would chair
would certainly step up to the plate
right now
the only thing we can do is try to
protect the integrity of the
investigation of the special prosecutor
and make sure that the report is made
public what we can do in January may be
a wholly different thing hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
