and our a president Oliver North said
that medications prescribed for
attention deficit disorders are the
culprit here let's watch that the
disease in this case isn't the second
amendment
the disease is youngsters who are
steeped in a culture of violence
they've been drugged in many cases what
we need to do is turn on the TV go to a
movie if you look at what this happened
to the young people many of these young
boys have been on ritalin since they
were in kindergarten as The Daily Beast
points out there's no evidence that
ritalin or any other drugs are to blame
for any of the school shootings we've
seen in recent years I've already now
buddycall Hockley managing director of
Sandy Hook promise
she lost her six-year-old son at the
Sandy Hook school shooting Nicole thanks
for joining us tonight and I don't want
to be sarcastic but it just calls for
that what do you think of someone who
says it's the number of doors I don't
think if we had more doors and Sweden or
Japan that have more shootings I mean
they can I know it's it's so hideous the
door numbers has something to do with if
somebody's coming to the building
carrying a gun they're gonna find a way
in somehow and and what do we kid there
was one school was it yours where it was
the front door that the shooter came in
and I just understand why people in this
abortion I'm sorry we can argue about
abortion for the rest of our lives we
probably will abortion rights but it is
really I don't see that even tangential
connection to a teenage kid going mad
with a gun
your thoughts you've lived I think these
are standard diversionary tactics rather
than dealing with the issue at hand
talking about every possible other cause
of gun violence other than the one thing
that everything is in common mean
talking about violent video games or or
violent movies there are so many
countries that have billions of
impressions of violence every day and
they don't have the same level of
violence of gun violence that we do
because they don't have the guns and you
know me Chris I'm not about taking all
the guns away that I don't think that's
a realistic solution for our country
however I think for anyone to actively
choose to maintain this blind spot and
say it's everything except the one thing
that all shootings have in common and
that is the choice of weapon that is the
gun and that is something that in
addition to looking at all these other
issues if
it's what we choose to do for we need to
look at the gun as well you can't
exclude it from the conversation well
let's go back to why they do this you
think it's just a version they're afraid
to take over they're not they don't want
to get into gun safety as simple as I I
think they want to talk about they want
to blame anything except the choice of
weapon this is about protecting Second
Amendment rights but in a very extreme
way by saying that the weapon of choice
is not part of the problem it has to be
part of the problem it has to we have to
look at the person and we do have to
look at their choice of weapon and in
terms of Ritalin or or other medications
or drugs there's no common thread that
all shooters are on those sorts of
medicines there's no common thread that
all shooters use violent video games or
or or watch violent video movies all the
time the only common thing is the guns
and we need to address that and if they
just choose to continue to force a blind
eye on it then they're being
disrespectful and disingenuous to this
problem well Santa Fe High School
students said she wasn't surprised by
the shooting let's watch it's been
happening everywhere I felt I've always
kind of felt like eventually it was
going to happen here too you think
there's a resignation in this country
it's almost like seasonal weather or
anything else that happens it's like car
accidents because you have highways that
are busy with traffic and people make
mistakes people like if they system jord
this as part of a every couple month
event this is that that is so
heartbreaking to think that any student
is sitting in a classroom thinking when
am i next when is my school going to be
part of the next school shooting and you
mentioned car safety you know we had so
many deaths due to car safety but it
wasn't just seatbelts that solved it was
a bunch of different problems and that's
what we need to do better by our kids we
have a problem and by ignoring all the
options all the possible solutions then
it's just it's just heartbreaking I know
my child my surviving son's about to go
to high school for ninth grade in
September and I keep thinking is he
gonna be sitting there wondering is this
gonna happen again to me this is not
this is not the way we should be
bringing up our children for them to be
sitting in a classroom where they're
supposed to be learning are they're
supposed to be getting to know friends
where they're supposed to be enjoying
community instead where
teaching them how to run and hide from
active shooters and and to be in fear of
their life every day that is we were
better than this well Charles blow at a
great calm in the New York time Stan of
you saw and basically it showed all the
polls he's great on Paul's it shows
there's an overwhelming support in this
country for gun safety for making
basically banning semi-automatic assault
reference all kinds of stall makes
sensing it all sounds like you talking
and and yet I because you are a
reasonable safety person and I
understand why reasonable people have so
little power to at the ballot box they
just don't they're not the NRA Oliver
North the fact that they would pick him
I mean they yeah they seem to be immune
to justice I mean well I mean every when
we look at all the youth activism that's
come out after Parkland people do need
to register to vote and they need to get
out and vote it's your responsibility to
ensure your voice is heard and your
voice your vote counts no matter what
your opinion is on the subject if you
don't like what your politician is
saying vote them out and vote someone
else in but this is this is something
that people don't engage in
unfortunately until it happens to them
and then it's it's far too late and and
sometimes we see even people that are
very pro-gun and very pro-gun rights and
when it happens to them they still turn
a blind eye and that's something I can't
really reconcile or understand well
everything you said before now is what
the American people believe according to
all the polling so keep speaking for
America the NRA does not speak for
American the kohake thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
