California Democratic congressman Eric
SWA well a member of the House Intel
committee congressman thank you very
much for joining us of course did you
have any indication that there was this
meeting between Don junior and Eric
Prince and Georg nadir and and and other
officials purporting to be from foreign
governments offering help to the Trump
campaign no Katie but it certainly was
asked of these individuals and if you go
back and read Eric Prince's transcript
you saw that a number of times he was
asked about whether he met with Donald
Trump jr. or others with the Trump
campaign and so if this New York Times
story is true and if the Nader story is
true it looks like he wasn't truthful
with Congress and we were not helpless
in our investigation we have a subpoena
power but we could have confronted these
witnesses with evidence that we
subpoenaed and my Republican colleagues
were unwilling at every single request
to use that and now our insurance policy
here for accountability and now rests
with Bob Muller and hopefully his
investigation can proceed uninhibited by
all of the obstruction that continues to
be put in his way well here is what Eric
Prince said we have the transcript from
it congressman Tom Rooney asked aside
from writing these foreign policy papers
donating and and supporting and Prince
said a yard sign in my yard so there was
no other formal communications or
contact with the campaign Prince said
yes so you would say that Prince was
misrepresenting himself there well I
also asked him whether he had spoken
with Donald Trump jr. and he said just
at a campaign event and during the
transition so again if this is true then
he had lied to Congress and we showed no
willingness though to follow up on these
individuals most of these people from
the Trump family to the Trump businesses
were not worthy of being taken at their
word and our investigation we took them
at the word and that's not how you
conduct yourselves when people are so
willing to just lie through their teeth
it's not just the emissary for two
wealthy Arab Prince's who offered to
help with Donald Trump's campaign it's
also an Israeli expert in social media
who offered a social media campaign
where they could manipulate people's
voting preferences
it sounds a little bit like the or a lot
like the Cambridge analytic a Evert that
it's under such scrutiny right now what
do you make of I mean is this the thing
that happens when you're when you're
running a presidential campaign do
foreign governments do foreign nationals
come up and offer an offer to help you
know any campaign before this
Republicans and Democrats have always
said these elections belong to us and
this is what is so unusual are the
number of foreign nationals who were
reaching out to the Trump campaign and
Katie when I take a step back and ask
how did this happen I think part of what
was going on here is that the candidate
himself was inviting Russia to attack
and other countries started to see well
this guy he's open to doing business
with anyone he's transactional he's
gullible so maybe we can get our
interests before him and so he is almost
inviting them to come and make these
different approaches I have legislation
KT that we're introducing this week that
would put a duty to report on any
federal candidate their family and their
campaign aides if they're approached
with unsolicited information from an
agent of a foreign power so that we
never see this happen again
Jorge Nader was one of the people that
that meeting have have you had a chance
to question him in the Intel committee
that's so frustrating we have asked the
Republicans to reopen this investigation
and bring forward people like Jorge
nadir who we learned about once they
decided to close the investigation and
of course know they've shown no interest
in doing that that's why I was so
irresponsible and so premature for us to
end this investigation because in
addition to Jorge Nader what we've
learned more and more about Cambridge
analytic and all of the contacts the
shadowy operations that Michael Cohen
was running we never should have closed
that investigation the New York Times
says Don jr. was open to the information
or seemed to respond positively to the
offer of help from the two Arab wealthy
Arab countries and this Israeli offering
that social media campaign but Donald
Trump juniors lawyer has said that
nothing came out of this and he did not
accept anything it's kind of similar to
what we heard from
the the Russia meeting with the lawyer
Natalia vessel Mnet's kaya that nothing
came of that meeting she had nothing is
that the legal line here that nothing
came of it they didn't use anything so
it's okay well the Trump campaign showed
a willingness and eagerness to receive
it and where we should have explored
further were his communications we could
have subpoenaed those logs his travel
records we know he went over to Paris in
October and there are a lot of questions
about who he met with just weeks before
Election Day over in Paris
same thing with Michael Cohen I don't
understand why the president's son and
his lawyer are over in Europe just weeks
before Election Day and we could have
subpoenaed their travel records their
hotel logs their flight manifests to
figure out who they were meeting with
why they were abroad right before the
election
Bob Muller I hope he and his team will
find this if we allow them to do it
talking about the president and that
tweet that he said you know he's going
to hereby demand DOJ investigate this
informant this spy he says in the Trump
campaign you and that's apparently gonna
happen because the White House and DOJ
and the FBI have come to a deal to look
further into it with the IG you said
this is obstruction in broad daylight if
that is the case if it is obstruction in
broad daylight what are the consequences
it is Katie he's governing the wrong
country he's obstructing an
investigation into his campaign where he
is potentially a suspect the
consequences of course there are removal
from office it we're not helpless here
what we should do is make sure that our
House Intelligence Committee fully
investigates what happened with the
Russians and now any other country
that's sought to help him and also the
House Judiciary Committee the other
committee I sit on should be able to
look into not just his conduct here but
other concerning and alarming conduct
like cashing in on the Oval Office and
the transactions he's doing with the
Chinese where he's taking loans on his
properties and then giving away jobs for
American workers so we're not helpless
it's going to take courage though from
Republicans and Democrats to hold him
accountable I don't think that price is
gonna be paid until November on this
informant when did you first learn about
the person was it before the Washington
Post story on me I I can't say because
that goes to classified information I
was briefed on sorry congressman Eric
swell well congressman thank you very
much my pleasure hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
