what a disturbing series of tweets by
the president I guess we can blame Bill
Karen's for that forecast I mean the
rain just keeps coming the president
doesn't have his golf game to keep him
occupied and so he just sits there with
those thumbs just working that working
the phone non-stop over and over again
and and in this case I mean we we saw a
flood of tweets that really once again
showed a president who was desperate and
really despondent over an investigation
that's already indicted so many people
close to him and dieded people that ran
his foreign-policy indicted people that
ran his campaign indicted people that he
said ran as foreign policy has indicted
15 16 Russians gonna be indicted more
Russians from everything we understand
and he so it's getting too close for
comfort for him and so now he's striking
out and he's suggesting that we
investigate the investigators who are by
the way own Republican investigators so
it's you you you've got that he attacks
the FBI well the FBI is appointed by a
Republican run by a Republican he
appointed he talks about attacking the
Justice Department also run by a
Republican he appointed he talked about
FISA abuse by Democrats no I'm sorry
there were four Republican appointed
judges four Republican appointed judges
who decided that that this FISA warrants
were warranted and yet he just keeps
trying to churn things up because he's a
very very cornered desperate man and
make no mistake of it some friends were
suggesting last night on Twitter that
there was nothing to see here move along
move along but the president is
breaching constitutional norms once
again you other than Richard Nixon you
cannot find in America's wonderful two
hundred forty year history the President
of the United States ordering the
Justice Department to investigate an
investigation that pertains to the
President himself that is an abuse of
power
that is a breaching of constitutional
norms under any standards and if it
makes Republicans makes right-wingers
feel any better by suggesting otherwise
that's fine but history is not on your
side 240 years of history is not on your
side and unfortunately mica all we can
do is hope that those around the
president and those running the Justice
Department and those running the FBI
will continue doing what they've been
doing and put the this country and put
our Constitution first we shall see
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
