it's a common story now in America as is
the absence of action by the country's
leaders intermediate intermittent
gunfire across the country political
silence here in the capital this time
ten people are dead nine students and a
teacher another 10 wounded this time all
hell broke loose before 7:30 a.m. local
time several witnesses said they heard a
fire alarm go off then shots rang out
nobody thought it was the shooting
everybody just thought it was a you know
normal procedure practice fire drill and
next thing you know you just hear so
many three gunshots a lot of explosions
we oughta teach it to they're telling us
run run go like Ryan I was scared for my
life nobody should go through this and
what he should be able to feel that in
school this is the place where we're
supposed to feel safe this is where we
come most of the week nobody should have
to go through this and nobody should
feel that pain we heard more shots than
the teachers screamed with us to run so
everyone started running taking off
people were getting hit and everything
it's crazy
I've heard that like someone that a guy
came in
we'll go trench coat and like a duffel
bag and then hear like a shotgun and he
just started shooting people don't
really know what else happened officials
said investigators also found explosive
devices in the school and then
surrounding campus areas the suspected
shooter is in custody he's a 17 year old
who attended the school he's being held
without bond on capital murder charges
and he's expected to make his first
court appearance momentarily Texas
governor Greg Abbott told reporters two
types of weapons were used in the attack
a shotgun and a 38 revolver both owned
legally by the suspects father yeah but
also said that one or two people of
interest are being investigated by
authorities in connection with the
shooting we come together today as we
deal with one of the most heinous
attacks that we've ever seen in the
history of Texas schools it's impossible
to describe the magnitude of the evil of
someone who would attack innocent
children in a school we need to do
more than just pray for the victims and
the families it's time in Texas that we
take action to step up and make sure
this tragedy is never repeated ever
again in the history of the state of
Texas for more I'm joined by
representative Joaquin Castro up Texas
Jeezy US congressman from the area
Shannon watts is founder of moms demand
action for gun sense in America and Greg
Pittman a history teacher at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
thank you all for coming here tonight a
grim night again congressman tell us
what you know about this shooting by
this 17 year old down in Texas well you
know that area is a small town probably
about 13,000 people on the edge of rural
and suburban and it's in between Houston
and Galveston in a fairly conservative
area but you know just like any other
place in America you have students who
are finishing off the school year maybe
just finished up with prom getting ready
for graduation and then they're
confronted with this massacre in this
tragedy today the most people in that
area can you generalize and say whether
or not they own shotguns you have
weapons in their homes generally in
Texas you know there are a lot of folks
that that that hunt for sport a lot of
people do own either shotguns or
handguns so you know I'm sure the Santa
Fe is just like that what do you think
should be done it maybe this is a bad
question but it's certainly in people's
minds if a kid grabs his father's
shotgun and it's 38 revolver and heads
out to shoot people should the father be
held accountable for the fact he let the
gun hang sitting around the house that
is a tough question I think we need gun
owners to be much more responsible and I
agreed with some of the comments that
were made by the Texas leaders even
though Texas state officials have done
very little to stem gun violence I agree
that parents need to be more responsible
in making sure that their guns are
locked up and kept safe from their kids
well the lieutenant governor's out there
talking about his solution is to have
one door rather than two doors to the
school is that it is it the single door
policy that's gonna deal with this issue
do you think it's a serious
I was really dumbfounded when I heard
that
by lieutenant governor Dan Patrick he
listen no we gotta hear it not everybody
just for themselves they think this is a
serious response or not this bears been
going on too long in our country we're
gonna get back to that but let me go on
to a Shannon Shannon what's your founder
mothers demand action what actually can
we expect here I mean not fairly I don't
expect any action I think we live in
this country it's a gun tootin country
we believe in the Second Amendment it's
part of the Constitution we live with it
the way it's been interpreted by the
Supreme Court I think is they're
responsible but we're here we are well
you know we have seen significant change
on the ground even just since Parkland
we've seen Republican governors sign
sweeping gun reform into law so we are
seeing movement state-by-state red flag
laws being passed laws that disarms of
mystic abusers even states continuing to
close the background check loophole
Texas doesn't have many of these laws
there have been 20 mass shootings in the
state of Texas since 2009 to just this
week and all we've seen Greg Abbott do
is make it easier for dangerous people
to get guns I know everyone wants a
cathartic moment in Congress but it
really is on all of us in November to
make errs that will vote the right way
on this issue and that will act well
just to make your point all I hear is
calls for open carry and saloons and
restaurants people want to walk through
the malls with guns
toting guns openly it always seems to be
going in that direction more guns in
more places more openly well you know we
have something new other developed
nation has which is the gun lobby and
NRA lobbyists are kind of always
fighting for guns for anyone anywhere
anytime no questions asked that's how
they continue to sell more guns there's
a hundred million dollar loss in gun
sales since Donald Trump was elected and
the NRA is trying to figure out how to
make up for that loss in sales part of
it is to do things like arming teachers
if they arm just a fraction of America's
three point six million teachers they
could easily recoup that loss and get
ready to hear those talking points
tomorrow morning let's uh let's see what
the lieutenant governor of Texas where
this happened today had to say his
name's Dan Patrick he's a fierce gun
control opponent he offered his own
solution to reduce gun violence in
schools today
maybe we need to look at limiting the
entrance and the exits into our schools
so that we can have law enforcement
looking at the people who come in one or
two entrances we're gonna have to be
creative we're have to think out of the
box because from what we know this
student walked in today with a long coat
and a shotgun under his coat it's 90
degrees had there have been one single
entrance possibly for every student
maybe he would have been stopped well
let me go to Greg Pittman because you've
been through this before sir as a
teacher at a school that was hit hard by
gun violence and what do you think of
politicians who openly say their entire
philosophy is answered in fewer doors
and somehow seriously the guy shows up
you know dressed like he's in the movie
The Matrix with a long coat on well you
would think they would have noticed that
behavior before and not have a law about
it but common sense what it's all this
is a troubled kid without to make a
point but because I want to go back to
this what do you make of a politician
lieutenant governor of a state whose
entire response to this is fewer doors
again I think Chris one of the things
here with that that's a certainly might
help in one way but if we go back to the
problem of the question of the guns back
to the question you raised earlier here
we have a seventeen-year-old that was
able to obtain the father's guns why did
the father not have them locked up why
again there is some responsibility born
by both the father the mother the
parents here with this kid being able to
access guns one of the big problems in
our society is no one ever is
responsible anymore our politicians
aren't responsible they're not
responsible to the people the parents
here aren't responsible somebody needs
to be responsible for some of the
actions and just the idea of limiting
the doors that certainly may help I know
it Douglas we've tried to limit they've
tried to reduce the access points so
they can better watch the students as
they come in they've gone to these
clearbags they've gone to these other
things but again if they really want to
get a gun in you can still get a gun and
that's not going to stop it and the same
thing here not unless they search every
single kid with every
thing they bring in it goes back I think
to the access to be able to obtain the
guns to begin with
it goes to raising the age I think to be
able to obtain guns how do these 17 year
old so many of these shooters a shooter
at our school was 19 who was able to
legally buy the gun at that time Florida
has raised the age to 21 many of these
states need to raise the age to 21 or
perhaps older very easy to get guns we
need to extend background checks which
wouldn't have prevented this but again
back to some responsibility of the
parents or someone on controlling the
guns whose fault is it supposed to be it
can't be no one's fault someone has to
be responsible for this and I don't
understand why the parents aren't ever
responsible anymore that's one thing
that we see at schools now no one is
responsible for anything the other ones
are ever responsible are the teachers
the teachers are being asked to do
everything well governor of Texas also
said he plan to hold it roundtables
around the state to discuss how to
prevent further shootings in Texas
here's the governor of the state we will
assemble all stakeholders to begin to
work immediately on swift solutions to
prevent tragedies like this from ever
happening again we want to hear from
parents we want to hear from students we
want to hear from educators we want to
hear from concerned citizens we want to
hear from from those who hold the Second
Amendment right in high esteem we want
to hear from everybody who has an
interest and what has happened today so
we can work together I'm sorry buddy
congressman it makes me convinced that
politics is an acting profession that
was an act i Mike let me ask you this
because that's the question everywhere
in the world there are countries that
have violence of course but they don't
have school shootings we seem to have a
lot of them you know every couple months
it happens in every couple months
somebody like the governor there says
we're gonna have round tables on it
we're going to talk about it and the
pros gun safety people like me I guess
and the other people on this show say
something the pro-gun people say do
nothing and we go back and think about
something else the next two days yeah I
mean Kurtz it is a shame that the United
States Congress has not done anything
anything to predict protect our students
from gun violence what's that
you feel their prevalence in your life
certainly in Texas if you go to vote
humo for any gun safety you know they're
coming at you're right oh sure I've
stood at polls and asked for people
support and they've said before that
they're not going to support me because
the NRA said they shouldn't because
they've got a list of approved
candidates but Greg Abbott there was
basically lip syncing that man has stood
by while tragedy after tragedy has
happened in has hurt Texans and he's
done nothing and when they had those
roundtables I have the first suggestion
for him he should allow under Texas law
local governments to take action into
their own hands right now Texas state
law yeah doesn't allow any local
government to do anything about gun
violence to make their own laws
regarding any of this he should free up
local governments to do that especially
if they're gonna sit on their hands and
do nothing
Shannon we're looking at the people here
the parents apparently recovering well
they're not gonna recover from this
violence because it's it's a Hell on
Earth situation but what do you think is
about America that has this headline now
around the world I mean if you're in
Tokyo right now where they don't have
this or London where they really don't
have this or Paris or anywhere in the
world South Africa they don't have this
kind of stuff you go
what's with America what's with us
there's that many angry kids are 17
years old angry at the kids in class
that don't treat them right and go out
and start shooting a bunch them what
combination of facts that we have that
nobody else seems to have every nation
is home to disgruntled teens to bully
teens what we have that is different is
easy access to guns in this country if
more guns and fewer gun laws made us
safer we'd be the safest country in the
world instead we have the highest rate
of gun violence of any developed nation
and it isn't letting up ninety six
Americans are shot and killed in this
country every day and we talk about it
when ten people are killed at a time but
the reality is there's gun violence in
communities all day long that isn't
being addressed or seen or even reported
on the news and these families are
suffering and it is on our lawmakers to
act they could stop this we know that in
law in states with strong gun laws they
have much fewer gun deaths
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
