joining me now is Frank for the glue of
the glue Zee my apologies they're an
MSNBC contributor and former FBI
assistant director for
counterintelligence so I gotta ask you
walk us through the process the impetus
by which the FBI would feel compelled
that they might need to in if the
president's allegation is true
infiltrate a campaign so first it's
important as you said to say if the
president's allegation is true and that
key word that he keeps using or the
White House keeps using is embedded
which is getting my kind of the hair on
the back of my neck standing up because
it's highly unlikely and and here's why
that would be incredibly intrusive it
would go against protocol and policy it
would require the highest level of
approvals to actually place an operative
inside the campaign there may have been
a government operative inside the
campaign but I don't think he was
working for the US government he may
have been working for another government
what would have been far more likely
chuck was a couple of approaches to
perhaps either george papadapolis and/or
carter page to determine the veracity of
earlier reporting including reporting
from the Australian ambassador to London
that that we have a guy talking about
the Russians having emails the Russians
having Hillary Clinton's emails and
testing the veracity of that and even
Chuck as the FBI does in stolen property
cases stolen artwork cases stolen data
cases trying to buy or get that those
emails back and see if they're out there
so it the more likely scenario would
have been somebody working for the work
would this be a person that would be
working for the FBI or working on behalf
of the FBI yeah yeah highly unlikely
that we're talking about a full-blown
undercover agent with gun and badge but
rather what we're seeing in the
reporting is references to someone who's
worked for the intelligence community
for years right we see that happening we
see confirmation there's a human source
out there we see reporting
that high-level and Intel officials went
to the White House and convinced even
chief of staff Kelly that this was going
to cause grave damage to reveal a human
intelligence sources here and then I'm
really intrigued by the possibility that
some of these approaches and even
references from director Chris Rea
involved other ally allies may have
occurred overseas that would put maybe
the UK government maybe the Australian
Government hooked up with CIA if it's
happening overseas and FBI all believing
that there's there's enough suspicion
here to do something operationally
together that fascinates me then the
other part of this is that is that the
New York Times report indicated that
outing the informant would cause
problems with other investigations so
right that means that so it give me a
profile of the type of person that might
be involved in multiple investigations
yeah and again when so a couple things
we already heard the reference to a
longtime source right a reference that
this person has been working for for the
government for a long time so this is
somebody who is well-positioned and then
when I hear the director of the FBI and
others saying this could cause grave
damage that that puts you in the
top-secret category so who are we
talking about someone who is likely in
contact with or even inside a foreign
intelligence service or has access to a
foreign government regularly whose life
could be endangered you don't want to
give that person up and the Congress
members the Congress members who say
they want that person giving up are
looking out for their own interests and
not national security interest I have to
say that the way you've described it in
my antenna I'm thinking is this a
Russian double agent yeah it could very
well be and no one wants that exposed
unless of course they care only about
their own political interests all right
Frank the glue Z with an explanation of
all this very important that people
understand the specific facts that we
know versus what we don't know hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights
MTP daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
