yes sir this morning my daughter called
me frantically telling me that they had
a fire drill so they did the normal
procedure as far as walk out to school
and bench a few minutes later she heard
gunfire shots and I told her I said I
said calm down I said find a hiding
place I said and she told me they were
outdoors a lot of students were running
and can will run to the bushes or run to
the gas station if you can make it of
its face if it's not find a hiding place
I sent me and daddy on my way to go get
you and I said don't get out the phone I
said I'm telling me that they're coming
so we cut to the school in front of the
school I have it on my Facebook live
video those like an hour worth of
traffic and my husband got off the car
ran towards the gas station to make sure
that she was safe
and she tell me that she heard four
gunshots running out of every which way
just running wow Angie wanted to feel
like when you first got to your daughter
because she made it out of life
unfortunately
family members you know didn't make it
out of life I pray for them Angie what's
your daughter's name
Angelica Martinez is she with you can we
speak to her yes hi mr. mummy hello
Angelica it's Ali Velshi at MSNBC what
grade are you in Angelica tell me what
you heard all the sudden like these kids
are running from the direction like
parachuting from and they're like Ryan
run those gunshots and
so like no nobody like believe them
until the gunshots got closer and then
the officer is running and we everybody
ran to like 50 nearest gas station and
then waited for their parents their
Angelica what are you trained to do
different things when a fire alarm is
rung versus when you get you get
something like are you trained for a
CodeRed or an active shooter it was a
fire drill so we followed the procedures
so we didn't know it was going to be
like an intruder and and if you thought
it was an intruder how would you
normally find out about that and what
would you have done differently if I
knew it was an intruder in the building
so when you're you spoke to your mom on
the phone and she said get to somewhere
safe what did you have to do to get
somewhere safe like get off the property
and was that what most students were
doing were you were you running along
with other students were they going in
the same direction yes we all went to
the nearest ocean what have you heard
about others who did not get out of the
school have you heard that others have
been injured yes I heard that one girl
got shot in the legs then anybody you
knew how does this make you feel
scares me like you shouldn't have to go
to school feeling scared
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
