and thanks to at home for joining us
this our super happy to have you here
there's lots going on in the news
tonight lots to get to do you remember
when Jared Kushner lost his security
clearance Jared Kushner is the
president's son-in-law he is married to
the president's daughter Ivanka mr.
Kushner still works in the White House
he still has the White House senior
adviser title that he has had ever since
he first got to DC but mr. Kushner
apparently is no longer allowed access
to any classified materials because he
was not able to get a security clearance
one of the reported concerns about his
security clearance application were
these repeated allegations that he was
mixing conversations about the needs of
his family's real estate business with
conversations he was having about US
government policy as a White House
adviser I mean that's the kind of thing
that can keep you from getting a
security clearance right if you are
giving business owners or donors or
foreign governments the impression that
if they financially help out your family
business that might give them an edge
when it comes to getting what they want
from the US government like that's not
okay you can't get a clearance if that's
the impression that your you're giving
people I mean and and then there's the
darker version of of that possibility
right not only could you be offering
people sort of inducements right I can
get I can hook you up with some US
government policy that you might like if
you pay me it that that could also be
construed as a threat the converse is
also true right you could also be
creating the impression that basically
you're extorting people for money right
you know nice company nice little
country you've got there shame if
something happened to it that I
mentioned that my family real estate
business needs some new investors right
if you are mixing your personal business
needs with discussions about US
government policy you can either be
offering something good or you can be
threatening something bad unless
somebody pays up and pays your family
that you know soliciting of a bribe that
extortion is basically what was alleged
by the government of Qatar about Jared
Kushner last year the Trump
administration
surprised everyone when when President
Trump with no warning came out very
strongly against the nation of Qatar he
called Qatar supporters of terrorism he
came out in support of a surprise
blockade that was launched against Qatar
by other middle eastern states everybody
was like hey what now what just happened
we've got thousands of US military
personnel based in Qatar it's our
biggest outpost in the Middle East
CENTCOM literally has their headquarters
in Qatar whether you like Qatar as a
country or you don't even if you can't
quite remember how to pronounce the
place I mean they are an active and
important US ally in that region and
they have been for some time so why did
President Trump all of a sudden last
year without warning start denouncing
them why did he reported the green light
this blockade against them by
neighboring countries that radical turn
in US policy toward Qatar was so fast
and so drastic that the rest of the US
government apparently didn't even know
it was happening while it was happening
last June Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson actually made a formal
statement denouncing that blockade
against our ally Qatar but then the
president that same day came right out
and contradicted Rex Tillerson and said
no no actually it's US policy that we
are in favor of that blockade it was
just really strange where did that come
from what was the urgency there why that
hundred and eighty degree turn against
Qatar well Qatar said at the time that
they thought they knew why that was
happening Qatari officials told
reporters at the time that they
suspected it might have had something to
do with the fact that they had just
turned down Jerrod Kushner's dad when
Jerrod Kushner's dad came to the Qataris
and asked them for a big investment in
the Kushner family real-estate business
to the tune of hundreds of millions of
dollars now Christian Air companies
initially denied that Jared's dad had
even taken a meeting with the Qataris
but then they later admitted actually he
had Qatar says that Charles Kushner made
the ask he asked that cutters sovereign
wealth fund put money into the Kushner
family's biggest real estate screw-up a
big Manhattan
this tower that the Kushner family
bought but they couldn't afford it has
since turned into a giant money pit for
the family and their company
Jared Kushner's dad reportedly went to
the Qataris and asked them for a big
investment basically to bail the Kushner
family out when it comes to that
skyscraper the qatari said they turned
Jared Kushner's dad down they said no
and then boom just a few weeks later
Jared Kushner then the white house point
man on the Middle East presided over
this radical change in US policy against
Qatar now we don't know if those two
things are licked
we don't know if the White House the
White House's radical policy shift
against Qatar was revenged by Jared
Kushner for cutter refusing to pay up to
his dad
but that's where things stood before
today now the whole deal has swung back
the other way so now you can see this
dynamic at work from a whole different
angle and draw your own conclusions for
whatever reason President Trump and the
and the White House more broadly they
softened their stance on Qatar within
the last few weeks after surprise
denouncing Qatar last year as a funder
of terrorism at a very high level after
announcing that the US would support
this shock blockade of that country by
its neighbors a few weeks ago Trump
started talking about Qatar as an ally
again the second week of April President
Trump hosted the Emir of Qatar at the
White House he didn't call him a
terrorist at all despite all of that
criticism last year President Trump
hosting the Emir of Qatar actually said
it was a great honor to have him at the
White House he called him a quote friend
of mine he said he was a great gentleman
he said quote there are a lot of good
things happening we're working very well
together
then a couple of weeks later late last
month in the new Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo came out and said yeah actually
we don't support that blockade against
Qatar anymore nevermind what we said
last year we've changed our mind now
quote Pompey owes message to Saudis
enough is enough
stop Qatar blockade let's just step back
from this a second
we've got a big military base in Qatar
it's the headquarters of CENTCOM
we've got friendly relations they're an
ally we don't know what caused this
White House and this president to turn
suddenly hostile against Qatar last year
but we know that sudden turn toward
hostility followed almost immediately
that country turning down an investment
request from Jared's family and we know
that rightly or wrongly what the Qataris
think happened there is that Jared
changed White House policy against them
to punish them for not paying off his
family so Qatari officials have
explained to us reporters well now now
we've had sort of just as sudden a
switch back to Qatar once again being
treated back in an ally treat treated
treated as an ally they're back in
America's good graces the president is
hosting the Emir of Qatar at the White
House calling him a friend
dropping all the terrorism complaints
and directing Cutters neighbors to stop
with that blockade after all why the
Switchback here's the headline Kushner's
near deal with Qatar linked company for
troubled tower this is today the New
York Times first to report today that
Jared's dad Karl Charles Kushner has
convinced Qatar to come through after
all with a big investment basically a
bailout for the Kushner family real
estate company in that skyscraper they
bought that they really can't afford
this deal they have reportedly all but
sealed is with Brookfield Properties as
The Times puts it today quote Brookfield
has financial ties to the government of
Qatar the Qatar Investment Authority is
the second largest shareholder in
Brookfield Properties ranking only
behind Brookfield's parent company
Bloomberg News puts an even finer point
on it noting that the Kushner family is
actually doing this deal with a specific
unit of Brookfield and the single
largest owner of that unit is Qatar the
Qatar Investment Authority which invests
on behalf of cutters government
so who says big city real estate has to
be complicated or foreign-policy for
that matter
cutter tells the Kushner Family real
estate company no we're not gonna give
you hundreds of millions of dollars to
bail you out of your failing skyscraper
in Midtown US policy towards cutter
almost immediately turns suddenly and
radically hostile against cutter cutter
freaks out a little bit scrambles a
little bit cutter decides okay we'll
take another look at the Kushner family
real-estate company's failing skyscraper
and they decide and actually on second
thought maybe we really do want to
invest open checkbook swivel wrist
here's your money and everybody looking
for an explanation for why US policy
toward cutter just got real friendly
again without explanation everybody
looking at that suddenly remembers oh
yeah that's why Jared lost his security
clearance even if this isn't the selling
of US foreign policy even if this isn't
the blatant shakedown and extortion of a
US ally shaking down a country for
payments to the family of a government
official under the threat of that
country losing its favored status with
the US government even if as all parties
involved insist today even if this duet
of private money and public policy is
just a coincidence and this definitely
isn't bribery and quid pro quo well the
problem is that it certainly looks like
it is and for the nation of Qatar their
dealings with the US government and with
the Kushner real estate company have
certainly made them think that it is
that the only way their country can
regain favorite status is to submit to
extortion to pay the bribe and so no you
you can't get a security clearance right
not if you've created the perception
that that is how this white house does
business now you can't have a security
clearance that but you can't apparently
keep your White House job and your
family can definitely definitely
get paid big time today so you would
think that would be the all-encompassing
big news of the day today right honestly
in any other 10-year period of American
politics
that could conceivably be a contender
for the biggest White House scandal in
the decade but here in this new life
we're all living now the possible
raffling off of us US foreign policy for
the price of a the president's family's
skyscraper mortgage payment I mean in
this life we're in now that's a story
we've got to get to and make sure we
understand but then we've got to keep
going and move on sister because there's
more coming down the pike BuzzFeed for
example broke significant new news today
on a financial tie between the President
and Russia a tie that is much more
significant than anything that's been
previously reported a tie that
overlapped with mr. Trump's time running
for president a tie that the FBI has
reportedly been investigating and the
real bombshell in this new BuzzFeed
reporting is that this financial dealing
involving the president is reported to
have involved individuals in Russia who
personally had knowledge of or who
helped carry out the Russian government
attack on our election in 2016 when
Russia was intervening in that election
to try to help Trump win Anthony Cormier
is one of the two BuzzFeed reporters who
broke that big story today he's going to
be here with us live in just a minute to
talk about that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
