you ever wonder what people who've
actually met Donald Trump especially
powerful successful people in American
business and Beyond
who've had to try and interact with him
because he's leader of the free world
say about those encounters behind closed
doors all in has obtained some
never-before-seen footage that gives you
a good idea of what one of the
wealthiest men in the world Bill Gates
thinks of the president though gates
took questions during a recent Gates
Foundation meeting with staff and he
talked about meeting Donald Trump here's
what he had to say for he was elected
election where he and I were at the same
place because this horse showed thing
down important he went up and talked to
Jim and was being super nice like 20
minutes later he flew in in a helicopter
to the same place so clearly he had been
driven away and he wanted to make a
grand entrance and a helicopter
anyway so when I first talked to him it
was actually kind of scary how well he
knew how much you know about my
daughter's appearance Linda didn't like
that well anyway so I saw him from power
you know I said hey science and
innovation is a great thing you should
be a leader who drives innovation and
that conversation was about a broad set
of things in energy and health and
education you know big things you want
to do it or big HIV vaccine you could
you know accelerate that be associated
with innovation was the March after that
so March 2017 in the White House
in both of those two meetings he asked
me if vaccines weren't a bad thing
because he was considering a commission
to look into ill effects of vaccines and
somebody his name was Robert Kennedy jr.
was advising him that vaccines were
causing don't do that both times he
wanted to know if there was a difference
between HIV and HPV so I was able to
explain those are rarely confused with
each other
oh but wait there's more including how
President Trump talks about himself
next when I walked in his first sentence
kind of throwing me off he said Trump
ears that you don't like what Trump is
doing Trump
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
