Giuliani continued his media blitz over
the last 24 hours with a revamped
defense of his client Donald Trump he
said special counsel Robert Moore
acknowledged he didn't have the power to
indict a sitting president that's what
he said
Giuliani also argued collecting
opposition research even from Russia
isn't illegal
and today Giuliani told Fox News that
president Trump would welcome the
opportunity to sit down with Muller's
team you can't understand the president
wants to testify we watched it he wants
to give out give his side of the case
that she believes is the truthfulness
they had an open mind we would be
inclined maybe though what our client do
what he wants to do the chief counsel
the Special Counsel offices now quote
engaging us on several points where we
could reach an agreement so he's playing
it both ways he said details about the
conversations were confidential but
added the last day or so it's been more
productive than in the last two we this
is like negotiating with North Korea
when we're I'm drawn by Kimberly Adkins
chief watch the reporter for the Boston
Herald and Sam Stein's politics editor
for The Daily Beast both or MSNBC
contributors so I have a theory but
what's yours why is Giuliani so mouthy
why is he over the press he's like the
full Ginsberg he does everybody he
starts at dawn he's still talking late
at night with Hannity what's it what is
why is he drawing attention to the
stormy Dana's part of this thing first
of all because that's what he's going
yeah I mean I think he's trying to act
as president Trump's mouthpiece on this
issue both to keep the president calm
and ostensibly the idea was to let the
president focus on North Korea and other
important things right the president's
not doing that he's also tweeting and
talking about this tear of dawn exactly
from his Twitter account but but he's
trying to be the offensive person trying
to be the the lead discredit er of the
Malheur investigation the signal to
Republicans that they're looking past
this they're ready to they're ready to
discredit and why are they doing that
because they they weren't oh I think so
they want to get out ahead of whatever
is coming they want to do their
messaging I mean on the point about the
indictment look we only know Giuliani
side because Muller is not talking so I
think you should take that with a little
grayness he's not he's not a perfect
messenger he's not he's not certainly
not acting as
a lawyer being that he's given legal
advice that isn't well I don't think I'm
actually playing the role of lawyers
please know Rudy was brought on to this
team for a PR purpose Trump did not like
the fact that his old legal team was not
hitting back in TV which is Trump's
favorite medium of course in so Rudy was
brought on to do ostensibly that and one
of the things he's doing with the stormy
Daniels thing is just get out in front
of the news of the personal financial
disclosure which was coming out which
would reveal the payments but what he's
doing with Muller is I think trying to
soften up the public perception of the
Trump status which is we are we are they
expect the worst that they expect that
this iceberg of information and motors
been able to accumulate could be really
damaging even with people or pro Trump
what are they doing now to prepare for
that I think first and foremost are
trying to message around the idea of
whether or not he will do an interview
so what Rudy goes out there and he says
you know we're open to the possibility
we just want them to narrow it a little
bit what he's really saying is we're
trying to game the public process when
everybody's talking about process here's
my thought I'll run it by both you I
think this is an old game in politics
changed the question if the question is
guilt or not they're probably gonna lose
because they think MOA is going to get
something on all the so she's like he's
got 19 indictments he's going to get
manna frickin and all these guys
involved he's got Michael Cohen over
there cutting deals there's so much
stuff that there's a lot of obstruction
of justice but you know they don't want
the question to be guilty or not guilty
they don't want to do country to be a
jury they want to ask under whose side
you on yes whose side you won I think
that's what Giuliani is all about
because he's a POW and let me just make
everybody making sure it's New York New
York City or Boston politics you just
people which side do you want maybe with
the labor unions or with the business
are you the Democrats Republicans the
left to the right and I can white and he
said on your slate invited and he's been
pegging this as an attack on America
it's difficult for him to do his job
it's bad for America's but he sees
painting this as anti-patriotic versus
patriotic the president trying to do his
job so I think that you're right I would
take it one step further which is they
have moved the goalposts significantly
at first it was we didn't talk to the
Russians and was well the campaign
didn't talk to the Russians then was
well the campaign might have but we did
include with Russians and then was well
collusion is really when you do XY and Z
power sucks or
here what do you find I had a bunch of
top Democrats say to me something very
profound which is had the news of the
Trump Tower meeting with mott with
Russian officials dropped tomorrow or a
week from now it would be treated as an
utter and complete bombshell who be
treated as proof of collusion it would
be a game over smoking gun but it
dropped it dropped many months ago and
we sort of have grown numb to it in a
way that we don't actually recognize the
significance of the moment which was a
hostile government offered dirt on a
political opponent and the Trump case
anyway meanwhile on a separate Fox News
interview last night Giuliani was asked
about that infamous June 26 Trump Tower
meeting between Donald Trump jr. and the
Russians promising dirt on Hillary
Clinton Giuliani argued that there's
nothing wrong with taking opposition
research even from Russia
here's rolling Giuliani let's listen
when I ran against them they were
looking for dirt on me every day I mean
that's what you do except maybe you
shouldn't but you do it nothing illegal
about that and even if it comes from
from a from a Russian or a German or an
American it doesn't matter and they
never used it it's the main thing never
used if they rejected it there was
collusion with the Russians they would
have used it Kimberly I think I don't
want the law none of us are lawyers here
I don't think but I heard what you can't
you can take stuff from Fargo you're not
allowed to make a campaign you can't pay
for another country their money or
in-kind you cannot take things from
other countries to help you in an
election so that's wrong point number
one saying that we took it but didn't
use it is also not a defense to any sort
of crime many of them higher he made a
potentially damaging admission in that
clip which was he defined what collusion
is for the Trump legal team you have to
use the material you were given that is
collusion you said now if more were to
go out and find that for instance Roger
stone used material from say WikiLeaks
that would meet now the Trump legal
teams definition of collusion and there
will be nothing at Rudy Giuliani or
Emmett flood or Donald Trump could say
to take
back the definition that Rudy just um
picked up from WikiLeaks we don't but
it's possible mauler has but at the end
of the day it is the definition by
federal prosecutors that counts it's not
Giuliani's definition or anybody else's
it's whether they find something that
ties up Trump or anybody in his team do
you get a sense that Rudy Giuliani's not
up to date on the law or any law he's
not the kind of haven't picked up when
he looks at books once in a while and I
think he's basically admitted that that
he's leaving a lot of the technicalities
to the other people on the list he's out
there throwing the punches and that's
fine that that fair enough
but you know if that's part of your
legal strategy it says a lot about your
legal strategy I think the part of the
strategy is telling giving a message
that the president wants him to give
saying what the present he says it as if
it's the truth isn't it amazing the way
he says it he says things which are
arguable that's it that's the bottom
line well that's what most renowned oh
you're a professional advantage over all
of us actually here right here thank you
terribly out I guess so many journalists
have law degrees explain I just you know
I did I left the law because I didn't
like dealing with trial lawyers but Here
I am
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
