welcome back tonight I'm obsessed
obsessed with what's going to happen I
love me a cliffhanger and we love so
does this guy president Trump met today
with NATO's Secretary General and was
asked about plans for his meeting with
North Korea's Kim jong-un what's going
to happen as the president made clear
we'll see but we'll see what happens so
we'll see what happens we'll see what
happens
my attitude is whatever happens happens
let's see what happens and we'll see how
it all turns out we'll see what happens
but we'll see literally he did say that
that many separate times today in fact
it turns out we'll see what happens some
about a lot of things we'll see how it
all works out we'll see what happens
we'll see what happens we'll see what
happens we'll see what happens we'll see
how it goes and we'll see what happens
we will see what happens so we'll see
what happens so we'll see what happens
so we'll see what happens we'll see what
we'll see we'll see how we do with Iran
there's clearly a lot on the president's
plate not to mention Robert Muller's
year-long investigation where's that
gonna we'll see what happens
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press' content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
