after serving as the Deputy Attorney
General for 22 days the deputy rod
Rosenstein today took himself out of
overseeing the Russia investigation
turning that over to Robert and Muller
good evening once again from our
headquarters here in New York this was
day 118 of the Trump administration and
we now have a special counsel to head
the Russia investigation the entire
thing has been a witch hunt and there is
no collusion why do you believe you were
fired I think the President had his word
that I was fired because of the Russia
investigation the president's son Donald
Trump jr. is now admitting he was
promised dirt about Hillary Clinton last
summer before agreeing to meet with a
Russian lawyer with suspected ties to
the Kremlin I did not collude with
Russia nor do I know of anyone else in
the campaign who did so in just the last
couple of minutes a spokesperson for
Paul metaphore confirming an FBI raid at
one of Matta fort's homes president
Donald Trump's former campaign chairman
Paul Manafort and his top lieutenant
Rick Gates were indicted on 12 criminal
charges minutes after the indictments
were announced
we learned that a little-known campaign
aide named George papadopolis had
already pleaded guilty to lying to the
FBI about efforts to collude with
Russian representative tax national
security advisor Michael Flynn
today leading in the Mahler case too
soon soon because we know collusion
gives me no crime
the indictment charges thirteen Russian
nationals three Russian companies for
committing federal crimes Special
Counsel Robert Muller has obtained
another guilty plea this one from former
Trump deputy campaign chairman Rick
dates I'm happy to drop you with some
breaking news now from the Justice
Department attorney general Jeff
Sessions has just fired Andrew McCabe
today a dutch lawyer became the first
person to be sentenced in connection
with special counsel robert Muller's pro
alexander vanderzwaan
got a 30-day sentence and a twenty
thousand dollar fine the FBI today
raided the office of the lawyer to the
President of the United States all of
this sparked by evidence gathered yes by
Special Counsel Bob Muller there's no
reason for this investigation there
never was a good reason for in the first
place this was engineered by call me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
