it is there are new ethics questions for
President Trump this morning after
disclosing on financial forms that he
did reimburse Michael Cohen for the
stormy Daniels payment I thought he
didn't
didn't he say didn't know about it
interesting the disclosure came in the
very last footnote on page 45 of the 92
page report it claims quote in the
interest of transparency while not
required to be disclosed as reportable
liabilities in 2016 expenses were
incurred by one of trumps attorneys
Michael Cohen's chief disputes that
Cohen's payment was an expense and
therefore not required to be reporting
reported joining us now a member of the
Judiciary Committee Democratic Senator
Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and
here on set senior reporter at Vanity
Fair and NBC News and MSNBC contributor
Emily Jane Fox so isn't it reporting on
Michael Cohen this morning first senator
Blumenthal I would like to ask you about
this new revelation about the payment to
stormy Daniels why does this matter it
matters first of all because the
president has a legal obligation under
the ethics laws to report those kinds of
debts is failure to do so could be
criminal it's been referred to the
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
by that ethics chief of the government
for possible investigation and even
prosecution so it's one more
data point in an investigation that is
ongoing and it adds to the plethora of
detail that we're now seeing about
Michael Kohn as a result of the raid the
entanglement with the president the
payment by that Russian oligarch
Victoire vekselberg through a shell
corporation to Michael Kohn the
involvement of the Russians this kind of
pattern so we want to get to Emily Jane
Fox on the mindset of Michael Cohen at
this point but first Frank Fick luzie
talk about if you could the plethora of
problems that this latest revelation
poses for the president yeah so some of
the scenarios here are not looking good
for the president he has to file this
disclosure he's between a rock and a
hard place it's going to contravene what
he's already said about not knowing
about the payment but what it's going to
come down to criminally is what he knew
when he knew it what did he know about
the payment structure of paying off
stormy Daniels and perhaps others did he
know that there are underlying
illegalities fictitious corporations
maybe bank fraud and a home equity loan
maybe Russians providing money to to
give to stormy so if he knew that he's
looking at actually being a
co-conspirator with Michael Cohen in
those underlying charges and then if he
learned of illegality after the fact if
he then pays off knowing something's
wrong he's looking at accessory after
the fact this is almost a no-win
situation for the president senators
willie geist i want to ask you about a
point that Rudy Giuliani and others
around the president have made which is
that Bob Muller cannot indict the
president states are in fact that the
president United States cannot be
indicted there's a conversation we had
around Nixon we had them again around
Clinton and now here they are with
President Trump what is your
understanding of that to my knowledge
that's never been tested in court can a
president the United States be indicted
the most important willie is the one you
just made it has never been tested
there's no precedent there is a
Department of Justice guideline
apparently that says the president
cannot be indicted there's a lot of
legal support for that view but my own
view is that he can be indicted he's not
above the law for
the trial must be delayed because the
president involved in foreign affairs
and he has to go meet with the North
Korean leader and all kinds of pressing
duties of state but eventually the trial
should take place there's no reason that
the president should be above indictment
any more than any other government
official who also may have pressing
duties so delay of the trial but still
the possibility of indictment
impeachment is not the exclusive remedy
Emily you have new reporting on Michael
Cohen that suggests the embattled lawyer
is becoming overwhelmed reading from
your PC would finally begun to leave him
and his family alone after the raid once
again started lingering outside his
hotel on Park Avenue they followed him
on his way to his lawyer's office and
waited for him once he came outside
friends continued to tell him that at
this point no one in Washington was
looking out for him so he had to be the
one to look out for himself and his
family as he watched the news unfold in
his hotel room in Philadelphia over the
weekend he evident some exasperation he
has confided in friends I just can't
take this anymore and Frank pointed out
earlier Emily that if he flips enough he
could avoid jail time but he'd have to
he'd have to turn on the president I
don't know why anybody wouldn't at this
point especially if if indicted
especially if your family is on the line
look this is someone who is a family man
he spent the weekend in Philadelphia at
his daughter's college graduation I
believe that his his parents are in town
he has two children who are watching
this unfold
I saw them actually in some of the
paparazzi photos that were posted online
yesterday and this is obviously
something that is weighing on him and
something that he has contended to me in
interviews on the record all the time
and people around him have said to me
you know he feels like he's done nothing
wrong but he's caught in this isolation
and imagine that I what okay and so I
don't know him you do I'll tell you this
how did how has he got a feel watching
Rudy Guiliani
when Rudy first gave the interview it
was a complete shock to Michael Cohen
and I think
his reaction at that time was why is he
doing this right my life is already hard
enough right now with this this is
making it 10 times harder and I will say
as bad as things look for Michael Cohen
right now and is exasperated and
frustrated as he is there must be a lot
of fear and frustration in 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue over all this
coverage as well and not just in 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue in Kalorama where
Jared and Ivanka live right in in the
two apartments here where Don Jr and
Eric live because not only didn't gonna
run away beer truck that is on fire
they're not doing anything to protect
anybody but maybe Trump in themselves in
the end so I can't imagine that he would
be holding on to hope about his loyalty
about senator Blumenthal yet Jeff
Goldberg from the Atlantic here I just
want to follow up on something that you
you said before that you think it's
possible to indict the president but but
postpone a trial because he has to carry
out matters of state could you dive into
that a little bit because it doesn't
seem plausible that you can have a
president negotiating with American
adversaries doing very very complicated
things in the Middle East well he's
actually sitting there under indictment
how could that possibly be tenable for
for American governance in the same way
that the president is negotiating in the
Middle East and North Korea and
elsewhere being under investigation of
course his argument for shutting down
the investigation is that it's a burden
on him but if the indictment were simply
returned by the grand jury without any
ongoing action in court it would be
there but the president would still have
the opportunity to conduct his
investigation remember that there are
statutes of limitations for crimes and
the president should not receive a pass
just because he is in that office
allowing the statue limitations to
expire just because he is present and if
you go back to the basic principle that
no one is above the law the two demands
on the one hand the president has to do
his duties on the other the rule of law
I think can be reconciled in this way
Wow Heidi senator Mitch McConnell has
said he will not bring to the floor
bipartisan legislation to protect Robert
Moeller
with the increasing rhetoric coming not
just from Trump but now also individuals
like vice president pence even John
Kelly can you update us on your efforts
to try and get some kind of bipartisan
movement to protect mulher or maybe
protect his work the very timely and
important question Mitch McConnell
continues to say I think it's wishful
thinking that the president would never
fire robert muller or rod Rosenstein and
both need protection the legislation
I've helped to draft is on the Senate
floor there is growing alarm and extreme
apprehension among many of my colleagues
we have conversation literally every day
we'll have a Judiciary Committee meeting
later this morning where privately in
behind the scenes we will talk about my
Republican colleagues possibly
supporting this legislation and other
legislation that I'm currently drafting
that would provide for transparency that
is a report by the special counsel if
there's any move to fire and pour
protection for rod roses I remember the
scope and magnitude of this
investigation are controlled by the
Deputy Attorney General he has as much
to say as Robert Muller about what this
investigation uncovers where it goes
what the resources are and the chiming
so the Deputy Attorney General may as
much need of protection as the special
accounts so Steve Rattner jump in and
then we have a trump tweet that we need
to unpack so Emily there's been a lot of
speculation about whether Michael Cohen
would flip and it's C but it seems to me
that every passing day there's more
stuff going on that seems at the edge if
not improper if not sleazy if not
whatever we haven't really talked much
about tax evasion or tax avoidance it's
most unimaginable to me that he filled
out all his tax returns exactly the way
you're supposed to so it seems very very
likely that they're gonna find enough on
Michael code to put him away and so
based on your reporting what does he do
that
does he flip or does it get put away you
know he hasn't been charged with
anything I think he's from my reporting
what's happening now is he's just trying
to get through everyday he's been
spending ten hours a day with his
lawyers going through the material that
the government sees and has since turned
back to his attorneys he's focused on
his family really just just getting
through every day but this is a guy who
was a family man and a guy who has
friends close to him told me last week
he does not feel like he is being
protected and and where he is right now
is a dangerous place for him Emily does
he genuinely believe because there are
more reports this morning it was a rough
day for him in the press yesterday that
he solicited a million dollars from the
Qatari government for access to
President Trump we know the stories
about AT&T Novartis the list goes on and
on going through essential consultants
as LLC does he genuinely believed he did
nothing wrong in those cases I can tell
you from all the times I've interviewed
him he's contended that he has done
nothing wrong I don't know what he
genuinely believes I can only tell you
what he's told me on the record and and
he has contended every time that he has
he's done nothing wrong
so the president has tweeted it's a it's
fascinating well I wondered it's an
anniversary tweet the only collusion was
that done by Democrats who were unable
to win an election despite the spending
of far more fascinating that's so
interesting and I just say one word
favor of the Salem witch trials well
speaking of no I mean they were number
one as far as I'm concerned so which
bridge is here and I guess some would
say congratulations to you mr. president
for and to Rudy for his wild interviews
but for your tweets and your interviews
and all the things that you have put on
the table that has helped make this
witch-hunt so prolific and to bring to
the table so many witches and possibly
so many more so many was just so many
witches and beer trucks I'm looking at
well that's the beer truck is my term
for Rudy but I'm looking here
at the witches that have already been
gathered up Paul Manafort the National
Security Advisor Michael Flynn who Jared
Kushner told us time and time again was
your personal guy was the guy who kept
you calm during the campaign flew with
you sat next to you was by your side all
the time who we saw in the White House
trailing you everywhere you went even
when we had lunch at the White House
there was Flynn at the door just staring
and holding little papers so this has
been very helpful and the
congratulations I think should be
returned you know what's interesting
about this is that these investigations
he's gonna issue a tweet a year from now
congratulations on the entering the
third year of the quote-unquote because
this is this is rolling and this is
going to go through his entire term in
every it seems impossible to believe
that the pace can continue but every
week brings us this Qatari issue is just
the newest the newest iteration what's
your reaction to the tweet and also to
the different things that Rudy Giuliani
is brought to the table on television
through the fine work of Fox News
especially you know Mika the saying a
picture's worth a thousand words that
picture of four convicted Trump
associates we're not talking indicted
not just charged but convicted facing
serious prison time and then 22
indictments over all including the
president's former campaign manager and
one of those indictments of 13
individual Russians and three Russian
entities details an assault on our
democracy that is kind that is stunning
absolutely stunning and should be
chilling to any American about the
continuing Russian attack on our
democracy so the great mystery I think
for Americans should be why Donald Trump
continues to refuse to acknowledge
Russian interference in the face of
unanimity in the intelligence community
as well as law enforcement officials and
the indictments
and convictions and my reaction to that
tweet is it's from an alternative
reality that is unfortunately a real
disservice to American justice and the
rule of law and to American national
security at risk because of that Russian
continuing attack well leave it right
there
Senator Richard Blumenthal thank you so
much thanks senator Emily Jane Fox thank
you as well great to have you onboard
this morning coming up president Trump
hasn't gone after Michael avenatti but
Rudy Giuliani sure has the attorney for
stormy Daniels joins us here on set to
respond at the top of the hour on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
