and there are new ethics questions for
president Trump after disclosing on
financial forms he reimbursed Michael
Cohen for the stormy Daniels payment the
disclosure came in the very last
footnote on page 45 of the 92 page
report it claims quote in the interest
of transparency while not required to be
disclosed as reportable liabilities in
2016 expenses were incurred by one of
trumps attorneys Michael Cohen the
report claims that Cohen sought
reimbursement of those expenses and that
Trump quote fully reimbursed Cohen in
2017 however the government ethics chief
disputes that Cohen's payment was an
expense and therefore not required to be
reported in a letter to Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein the acting ethics
director writes that based on
information from the president's
disclosure quote the payment made by mr.
Cohen is required to be reported as a
liability so that means the ethics chief
believes Trump should have disclosed the
payment on last year's financial form
which he did not the acting ethics
director ends his letter by telling the
deputy AG that he's providing him with
the president's financial reports from
last year and this year quote because
you may find the disclosure relevant to
any inquiry you may be pursuing
regarding the president's prior report
signed last year so Frank the president
knighted States declares in this
financial form that he paid repaid
Michael Cohen somewhere in between
$100,000 and $250,000 so this morning
how many points of peril does this put
the president in so I come up with three
scenarios two of them are awful for the
president the first one lacks credulity
but let's talk about it that is that the
president knew nothing about the
payments he's simply a good guy trying
to repay his lawyer Cohen who tells him
after the fact I need I need recap I
need compensation we've already gone
beyond that because Giuliani has
publicly said that the president knows
that Michael takes care of such things
so let's go to scenario number two
scenario number two is the president
knew that this was being done he knew
fictitious corporations might have been
set up he knew that a bank loan must
have been set up fictitiously and there
may be money laundering and and or
foreign governments involved that makes
him a co-conspirator with Cohen for
those underlying violations the third
scenario is that he found out later that
things were done were illegal and he
paid Michael back that makes him an
accessory after the fact he's in trouble
yeah and there's I mean just to be very
clear we're really and I can't imagine
anybody at this table is interested in
the president's personal relationship
with a porn star or anybody else but at
this point there is definitely a clear
line that that is drawn between the
president and stop me if I'm wrong and
Michael Cohen and money to a porn star
who claims that there was an affair the
president has yet to admit to the affair
but there is a line of money that goes
to this woman right before the election
and it appears to be to silence her for
an affair am I correct and the question
yes you're correct and the question will
become how much of the president know
about the methodology of this payment
and whether there were illegalities
underlying that payment that's what none
of us know including the president
because the president doesn't use email
so he doesn't know what the FBI seized
in Michael Cohen's offices how did Cowan
document every conversation with the
president the FBI has them so the FBI
has that but even more Jeremy bash
national security issues would be that
first of all are there other women
second of all can this president be
bribed or blackmailed and the timing of
these payments right before this is this
is clearly an issue that the American
people unfortunately it matters to them
it's not a personal in a story of some
cheap disgusting affair the president
might have had unfortunately we have to
talk about this because the president
might be a danger if there are multiple
situations like this and he can be
pressured to perhaps give information
away or be used by the Russians because
a woman can shake him down for a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars or more the
reason that's right maybe the reason
these financial disclosure forms in our
government are so vital so important not
just for transparency we want to
understand to whom a president of the
United States is indebted because
obviously that person has leveraged
financial but also potentially political
leverage over a president over our
elected officials and so if these forms
are inaccurate you know sometimes
there's a clerical error
and that's generally forgiven but if
it's knowing concealment willful efforts
to conceal or hide payments places where
the present is indebted that is a
federal crime and if we uphold the
standard that the president is no more
above the law than anybody else anybody
else in our government anybody else in
our society then I agree with Frank the
president has some explaining to do
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
