well as we just said thanks to reporting
by Ronan Farrow at The New Yorker we now
know the source of the information about
Michael Cohen's bank transactions that
stormy Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti
first made public last week Ronan Farrow
has revealed that the source is an
unnamed law enforcement official The New
Yorker article does not specify whether
this official is a federal law
enforcement official but the official
does reportedly have a high degree of
expertise about suspicious activity
reports about Michael Cohen's banking
practices those reports are filed with
the Treasury Department and maintained
by Treasury's Department the Treasury
Department's Financial Crimes
enforcement network known as Vincent it
is a crime to publicly release those
suspicious activity reports the official
who made the Michael Cohen suspicious
activity report public knows the legal
risks involved the official told Ronan
Farrow to say that I am terrified right
now would be an understatement the
official added this is a terrifying time
to be an American all of the information
that Michael avenatti first made public
about Michael Cohen's bank accounts
comes from one of three suspicious
activity reports that banks filed on
Michael Cohen that suspicious suspicious
activity report refers to two previous
suspicious activity reports that the
official who leaked the report says are
now missing the two previous reports do
not appear on the Treasury Department's
Financial Crimes enforcement network the
official told Roman Farrow I have never
seen something pulled off the system
when something's not there that should
be that should be I immediately became
concerned that's why I came forward this
is a permanent record they should be
there and there is nothing there the
suspicious activity report that has been
released shows
compliance officers repeatedly trying to
figure out what Michael Cohen was up to
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney filed a
suspicious activity reports saying that
the transactions in Michael cones
account there showed signs of quote
bribery or gratuity previous reports
have indicated that the FBI raid on
Michael Cohen's home and office and
hotel room was those were aides were in
search of evidence of multiple criminal
offences including bank fraud when
Michael Cohen opened a first Republic
bank account for essential consultants
LLC he told the bank that the LLC was
set up to use quote his experience in
real estate to consult on commercial and
residential deals Cohen told the bank
that his transactions would be modest
and based within the United States in
fact the compliance officers wrote a
significant portion of the target
account deposits continued to originate
from entities that have no apparent
connection to real estate or apparent
need to engage Cohen as a real estate
consultant a significant portion of the
deposits continues to be derived from
foreign entities David Mari a former
Treasury official who will join our
discussion in a moment told The New
Yorker there are a ton of red flags here
the pattern of activity has indicators
that are inherently suspicious and the
volume and source of funds do not match
the account profile that was built when
the account was opened there is evidence
of possible tax fraud in Cohen's use of
the essential consultants bank account
for personal expenses Ronan Farrow
reports that Michael Cohen used it to
pay his American Express AT&T and
mercedes-benz bills marking account
numbers on the memo lines of his checks
he paid initiation fees and dues to the
core Club a social club that The Times
once described as a portal to power he
also cut himself multiple personal
checks from essential consultants
amounting to more than $100,000 on top
of the million he had already deposited
into
his Morgan Stanley accounts special
prosecutor Robert Muller has been
investigating these banking transactions
since at least the end of last year some
of the companies like AT&T and Novartis
that paid Michael Cohen for questionable
purposes have revealed that the special
prosecutor has questioned the companies
about those payments one of the people
who was paid by Michael Cohen from the
essential consultants account is Mark
Coe he's listed as the CEO of Demeter
direct a Korean food company based in
Los Angeles The Washington Post reports
tonight that mark ko insists that he
served only as a translator for Michael
Cohen and Michael Cohen's deal with a
South Korean aerospace company that paid
Michael Cohen a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars a South Korean company
insists that it was paying Michael Cohen
for advice on accounting procedures
required under government contracts
something Michael Cohen knows absolutely
nothing about joining us now is David
mari a former US Treasury official who
focused on illicit financing he is
currently the vice president at
financial integrity Network and David I
Yuri I want to get more of your reaction
as you report it to Ronan Farrow in his
reporting about what you see in these in
these reports about Michael cones
banking transactions you you said
there's a lot of red flags here like
what yeah thanks Lawrence for having me
the biggest red flag really is that the
account activity does not match the
profile that the institution established
at own boarding so when when first
Republic own boarded michael cohen when
they when they one boarded a central
consulting they established an idea of
what his activity what the company's
activity would look like through that
account the activity that actually went
through the account did not look like
the profile that they established it on
boarding that's a that's a major red
flag and that in and of itself can be
cause for financial institution to file
suspicious activity report david i'm so
struck by the amount of work it would
take for a bank to monitor this kind of
activity this is a major new york bank
will the vast number of accounts massive
amounts of money coming in multi hundred
thousand dollar checks million
checks passing through banks like this
is routine what would get their
attention to say we need to spend some
real man-hours here with our inspectors
trying to figure out what Michael Cohen
is up to that's right Lawrence it's a
tremendous and it's a tremendous
investment for banks both in terms of
both in terms of human capital and in
terms of information technology the
information technology makes this
somewhat easier for banks you know the
the suspicions can come from a number of
sources within a bank it can come from
an employee or it can come from an
automated monitoring system and you know
this kind of this kind of activity would
most likely be detected by the automatic
monitoring system and when when a bank
establishes an account it should
establish a band an acceptable band for
the operations of that account the
criteria could include things like
monthly turnover it could include
whether the whether the account is is
receiving incoming and outgoing wires or
just one or the other it could include
whether the whether the account is
receiving money just domestically or
from abroad so if an account moves
outside of that band then alert an alert
would be generated an alert should be
generated by the bank's automated
monitoring systems at that point a human
being would start to look at the would
start to look at the information both
the transaction history and the
information collected at onboarding and
then if if the human being decides you
know this looks suspicious this looks
like it's out of pattern then the human
being would would escalate that up their
chain and eventually that would cause a
suspicious activity report to be filed
and David I you heard my discussion with
Rachel Maddow about what happened to the
other two suspicious activity reports
the two missing reports that provoked
this current government official to
decide to leak the suspicious activity
report that remains right I did so that
would have been outside of my really
outside of my scope at the Treasury
Department so I you know I could really
only speculate on that and be
responsible for me to speculate well let
me try a couple of things on you the
only the only thing that I can think of
that makes a certain sense and would be
would be understandable is what were
those reports removed by the special
prosecutor because the special
prosecutor
wanted to isolate those for their own
purposes
even though in normal circumstances all
of these reports remain available
basically as a data bank for
investigators all around the country to
be able to look at in whatever cases
they might be using in this particular
case since it involved an investigation
close to the president's special
prosecutor might want to say I want to
isolate those two now the flaw in my
question is why wouldn't they have
isolated all three of them but this is
where we are tonight is it possible that
the special prosecutor wanted to isolate
two of those yeah I mean I said I
suppose it I suppose it is possible
there Ronen reported in a story that
there's a provision in Vincent's
record-keeping policy that allows them
to segregate reports that are deemed to
be highly sensitive manok certainly I
think something that would that that is
that is being used or referred to by the
special prosecutor that to me would
would seem to fit the definition of
highly sensitive but really were in the
were in the realm of speculation here
it's it's very difficult it's very
difficult to know what happened and you
know I mean of course the reports been
been reportedly leaked but you know I
haven't seen the report obviously you
haven't seen the report so you know I
mean it's it's difficult to know because
so much of this is is really necessarily
shrouded in secrecy secrecy I was I
would assume that many of the bank
inspectors who do this kind of work
within banks might themselves have
previous work experience working in
Treasury at various levels it's not
unusual for people to migrate out to the
private sector sector in an area of
expertise they already have what I'm so
impressed with David is is is is is a
whole level of investigative interest
that I really wasn't aware were capable
of working this way because when I look
at what the bank inspectors were doing
in-house it's quite extraordinary they
whether it's a computer that triggers
their interests or whatever triggers
their interests once they start looking
at Michael Cohen's actual transactions
they apparently go out onto Google and
start finding articles about Michael
Cohen and
linking up public information about
michael cohen and about what he does and
they start drawing conclusions that he
actually has no expertise in the area
that these for example the korean
aerospace company who wants to engage
him and they start writing up reports
based on information they're gathering
in a wider ranging investigation beyond
just the bank's information that's right
lawrence banks if banks have made a huge
investment in monitoring for this kind
of activity and also also in sanctions
compliance i you know i mean really the
the suspicious activity reporting
program the sanctions compliance
programs i mean they're they're really
public-private partnerships where the
the government the government the
financial institutions work very closely
together a number of banks do have
former Treasury officials working there
people who were experts in intelligence
or sanctions or money-laundering a
regulatory policy so you know they
understand you know not only what money
laundering or sanctions evasion looks
like but they really understand and
internalize the importance of the
mission and you know the investment that
they've made along with the along with
the human capital that the banks have
brought in it's really what's made this
program what's made this program so
effective david murray former treasury
official thank you very much for your
expertise tonight and joining us in the
program really appreciate it hey there
i'm chris hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
