again today we also learned that Robert
Muller is going to follow the Department
of Justice guidelines would suggest that
a sitting president cannot be indicted
so mother's remedy for any criminal
violation by the president is to refer
it to Congress for impeachment and you
think that's credible what we've heard
about that did the mower team doesn't
believe they can indict a president one
office well we heard it from Rudy
Giuliani so you can guess how credible
that is but it's true that Muller's are
conservative prosecutors this has always
been the department's guidelines Ron
Rosen sign hasn't said a whole lot about
this investigation but last month he
also indicated that the president
according to DOJ Rex can't be indicted
Justin peach doesn't mean that later
after he serves his term that there
couldn't be criminal consequences
Natacha initially a man involved Anissa
Mike infidelity if you might call it
that affair with this up actor decide
all film actor if you want a car porn
star he would keep it naturally to
himself but then it Trump kept it to
himself and then he kept himself even
after it was clear that it happened if
their money was paid all that was clear
it was just a question whether he could
blame somebody else for the payment but
for the affair itself and all that
implicitly it's his responsibility so
what is his justification to his voters
for having lied all this time because
the story was out there he wasn't
covering with his relationship with his
wife obviously he was covering who to
blame well as we've seen Trump has a
large amount of leeway with his base and
it doesn't seem like there's going to be
any kind of meaningful blowback on this
for him not telling the truth I mean he
often does not tell the truth and
there's never any kind of dip in his
polls for example he seems to be
retaining his popularity just fine but
the question I have is were there more
women because the discrepancy between
what Giuliani said Trump repaid Michael
Cohen during between 2016 and 2017 which
was four hundred and seventy thousand
dollars is very clear because all that
was on the financial disclosure form was
one hundred thousand to two hundred
fifty thousand dollars so why the
discrepancy and why hasn't Giuliani come
out and explained that what legal
expenses would that be a lawyer's legal
expenses of how much money we talking
about here Trump paying Cohen to keep
things quiet
then fix things so the 130k is
definitely not attorneys fees which is
why Giuliani saying it wasn't required
to be reported that's just wrong because
here's the thing we have all of this
money literally millions of dollars
flowing into Michael Cohen shady LLC
where's the money going now we have
about this other $400,000 from Rudy
Giuliani all we know is that the
president paid a hundred and thirty to
stormy Daniels to buy her silence a
whole lot of money is unaccounted for we
know how it got there we don't know
where it went
for prosecutors is always about follow
the money let me ask you about that
Jonathan you've been following this how
does this overlap I've been watching it
the way that the Trump the Bill Clinton
investigation of whitewater whatever
it's worth probably nothing but it ended
up merging into Paula Jones which merged
into Lewinsky that thing went on for
four years by the way for all concern
about they're complaining about a
one-year investigation of a president
your investigation went four years said
nobody complained at the end of the
first quarter blew the whistle and said
stop the game back then I don't remember
anybody's saying that but this time
around they are let me ask we're gonna
talk about that in the next segment but
where's Mort find his way into this
somehow I believe he had something to do
with the U at New York office of the US
Attorney's going after this case in the
first place it all seems to be somewhat
related you see it you referred yeah so
he referred it and they did on what
grounds that he referred them well I
don't know that it was part of his
mandate of I mean it's got Rosen Stein
has an instruction firm what he's
supposed to be let anything that arises
from this investigation is in that
mandate that's true I mean by that
definition you could really investigate
anything but so I don't know why he
referred it to them but all I know is
the people in Donald Trump's inner
circle and this has been the case for
about six to eight months now if you are
putting a hierarchy of concerns of what
their concern about the Mahler
investigation and Russia collusion is
nowhere near Michael Cohen and the
investigation into his personal finances
and they put the potential to go into
Donald Trump's personal finances if you
put on a hierarchy of concern are they
worried they're gonna find real hard
evidence the Donald Trump colluded with
Russia and the Kremlin to throw the
election versus them actually going okay
father stormy trail to real financial
corruption well
big time if you go down the michael
cohen rabbit hole you are going down a
rabbit hole of somebody who has worked
very closely with Trump for a decade you
can very easily do a little segue into
the donald trump rabbit hole and who
knows what's in the donald trump rabbit
hole we have no earthly idea but but if
they're starting to Cohen knows some of
it I mean Trump had a whole army of
lawyers but Cohen seemed to be operating
in the sort of back waters of the Donald
Ross the post is now reported by Michael
Kahn mentioned here solicited a 1
million dollar payment from the
government of Qatar in late 2016 in
exchange for access to an advice about
the incoming Trump administration Cohen
was rebuffed Paul there you go again the
guy's got the the till open the window
opened time to get your bets time to get
your fingers into the Trump crowds and
you can do it through me my name is
Michael Cohen and my business is open
for business
yeah so this again is Cohen we're
looking at gratuities we're looking at
extortion and once again we're looking
at what he's doing with all of this
money because remember at this time mr.
Cohen is not mr. moneybags he's taking a
mortgage out on his house all of these
millions of dollars flowing in they're
not going into his pocket whose pocket
are they going into well the choice I
want to ask you about the whole question
we've got a number of people looking at
this whole matter here the whole matter
of stormy Dennis was it an implicit
campaign contribution because Rudy
Giuliani said a couple of weeks ago not
a year ago a couple weeks ago that if
this was all happening a couple weeks
before the election we hadn't quiet it
down it was like the John Edwards case
we had dirty business here a
relationship a sexual relationship they
had to keep quiet before the candidate
face the voters right that's one then
there's the whole question of government
ethics the whole question would have
responsibility for reporting all these
issues and not reporting them as we've
here here he didn't report it for two
years right well the head of the IG
clearly thinks that this is something
that was a liability that needed to be
disclosed and that's why he's presented
it presented it's Herat Rosen Stein the
Justice Department to determine whether
or not there should be criminal charges
filed I mean this is this is a big big
deal and I urge all the guys that work
with the president but you can't charge
the president right according to what
Giuliani has said and again whether or
not we take that with a grain of salt is
the irony is he's going to be in bet
John Trump's gonna be in better shape if
it
turns out there's a hundred women
because this will be standard operating
procedure not some random event done to
save and like this is just the monthly
suggesting well as I said I think that
would be helpful to Donald Trump give up
the Queen in the chess match so you can
made slightly get yourself a checkmate
and my question here is does he admit oh
yeah I got women all over the place I've
got affairs over the place I've I
covered them up every two months on
average
therefore this wasn't anything more than
this was had shown had no seasonal bias
it was it could happen any time of the
year so it's not political and camp I
can't be accused of violating campaign
disclosure laws that's his line if he
wants to stay out of the federal
penitentiary at some point after his
term or to avoid impeachment so again
the pain off hush money to many women
that's a political problem the legal
issue if he's paying off in order to get
elected president of the United States
if he's doing that that's a violation of
federal campaign that's normal practice
by his lawyer in him to cover up these
relationships again if you alone is
considered a financial contribution if
it's more than fifty four hundred
dollars it's got to be report if it's
not that's a federal felony
well that's the way this thing seems to
be going anyway there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
