is intelligence a national security
reporter as well as our panel is here
Kate eater of course my colleague here
at NBC and hosted the 2 p.m. hour and
every Monday on the show know Rockland
associate editor a commentary magazine
in Zerlina Maxwell MSNBC political
analyst and of course a former Hillary
Clinton advisor so Ken let me
let's break things down today there's a
lot of out there can we sort through
what's new first and what matters and
we'll keep going down the line here of
these new revelations today I assume you
think the FBI news is the biggest but
walk me through it well I'm not sure I
think there was a lot in that New York
Times story we already knew not that not
the codename crossfire hurricane but
some but some other some other
narratives I look the biggest thing I
was looking for in these Trump Tower
transcript disclosures was what does
Donald Trump jr. have to say about his
father's knowledge of the meeting and
and the answer to that question is he he
claims that he never consulted his
father both before while he was setting
up the meeting and then afterwards and
he claims that his understanding is
Donald Trump the president learned about
this meeting only when it was reported
in the news media and now to believe
that you have to believe that the
blocked number that Donald Trump jr.
called that Democrats are pointing out
in the phone records was not his father
Donald Trump senior who was known to
have used a block number at that time so
that that was one major take away then
the other take away from those
transcripts really is the extent to
which they portray that Donald Trump jr.
was completely looking at this as a way
to get incriminating information about
Hillary Clinton that's what he cared
most about he started the meeting
essentially with one line I understand
you have some information for me and
when the meeting was dragging he
essentially said what have you got on
Hillary and then when he learned that
they really didn't have that much on
Hillary witnesses say he was
disappointed and kind of quickly
dismissed them now there was always a
timing issue here though that I've
always had with the Trump Tower meeting
and then all the other supposed it out
reaches that were taking place with
whether it's Roger stone and WikiLeaks
Paul Manafort and what he may have been
doing Mike Flynn and what he may have
been doing perhaps Michael Cohen what he
may have been doing but the Trump Tower
meeting is sort of this separate entity
and it the Trump Tower meeting
it if you to believe the story that
comes out of the Senate Judiciary
Committee nothing came of it and yet it
seems like everything came from
something in that six-week period yeah
and remember that Donald Trump had
promised to make a speech when he when
that meeting was in the process of being
set up about Hillary Clinton suggesting
that he had some information about her
and then he never made that speech he
canceled it the meeting did not the the
incriminating information that the Trump
team was hoping to get from that meeting
did not materialize by all accounts
right but intelligence experts who look
at it say it's one of two possibilities
it could have been a dangle by Russian
intelligence who wanted to see how the
Trump team would react it could also
have been an attempt to plant compr mob
because imagine if that meaning had not
become public all these emails and all
this information Donald Trump asking for
him from dirt on Hillary from the
Russian government the Russians would
know about that now and they would have
that over the Trump administration
that's what that's how intelligence oh
this is a remoteness this is basically
another form of a compromise you know
that they just had been it absolutely
could have been that but you know the
news media exposed this meeting taking
away the potential compromise final
question on the Senate Intel report it
seems as if they came out today and it
essentially disputes the House report
not surprising what else did you learn
from it that you think is important and
when you comparing it to the House
report well I just think they they gave
a lot the Senate but it's a bipartisan
effort Republicans and Democrats agree
gave a lot more credence to the remarks
from for example the head of the NSA and
and just they found that in fact there
was evidence that the Russians were
supporting the Trump campaign and that
the trade craft exercised to reach that
conclusion was good because remember the
House Intelligence Committee criticized
the intelligence community tradecraft
without actually offering details
because they said it was classified you
know the Senate is essentially refuting
that show and then finally the other
thing that we got today was the
financial disclosure form from the
president and the White House it's as if
a we don't miss this footnote let me
show you this Michael Cohen it's it's
it's very
important to them that everybody noticed
this in this report is this just them
showing the ethics office the office of
ethics and government ethics that
they're following directions this time
or why is it so important that they that
we notice this repayment now well
because somebody concluded that they had
an obligation to disclose it and
probably should have disclosed it last
year but didn't and now they're coming
clean and often in these kinds of forms
cases you can essentially Mae a cop oh
we should have disclosed it and you're
fine you don't it doesn't become a
criminal issue unless some prosecutor is
looking at you and decides that you
wilfully hid it from the public and I
think that's what's at issue here and we
know that the office of government
ethics has referred this to the Justice
Department and for what it's worth on
the form the loan repayment of michael
cohen is somewhere in the 100 to 250
range Rudy Giuliani claimed that Donald
Trump had paid him legal fees in excess
of $400,000 I does that mean those
weren't lie mean there seems to be a
missing chunk of money here
well that suggested maybe Rudy Giuliani
did not have all the facts because you
assume that if they decided to disclose
this they disclose it accurately well
we'll have to see that is something
Donald Trump I believe he used almost
that exact phrase that Rudy Giuliani
needed to get his facts straight yeah
fair enough
Kendall a nyan we ran through a lot
thank you sir hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
