all right you start to Richard Haass he
was not calling to gloat about the Red
Sox now any Yankee fan could go at about
the Red Sox this morning presumably was
to kind of talk about portable yes he
talked about talked about Donald Trump
that but now you sermon North Korea many
just said that the expectations with his
are Lehigh yeah and instead of being
seen as the spoilers at a summit that
was doomed the expectations were so high
they didn't want to be seen as a spoiler
so they're starting to walk away from
the cycle everything else that I mean it
goes we'll see I mean the
denuclearization aspect of this is
something that every foreign policy
expert has pushed back on now for months
they're not going to denuclearize as
we've said here and as they noted in
their statement we actually got Qaddafi
right to abandon his WMD program and we
killed him well I'd say one other thing
about this and you heard well you
remember Trump when he talked about it
one of these press conferences in the
last couple weeks when he was talking
about the North Korea negotiations he
said very publicly said if this isn't
going well we're gonna go and if this is
not going well we will just walk which
was you know cop tough talk bluster you
know you feel on some other likes the
North Koreans are kind of like you know
okay you know we can walk to we'll walk
through we might we can walk first you
want to you're already laying the table
down we're setting the predicate for
walking why not just let him know that
we can do that too joining us now from
Capitol Hill White House correspondent
for Bloomberg News Shannon petty piece
and co-founder of Axios Mike Allen happy
win see you right in your new piece for
Bloomberg News quote President Donald
Trump and his legal team are planning to
use the one-year anniversary of this
week of Robert Muller's appointment to
ratchet up pressure on the special
counsel to close his investigation Trump
and his lawyers are trying to set up the
milestone on Thursday as a turning point
in their campaign to end Muller's probe
into russian election meddling and
obstruction of justice Rudy Giuliani's
Trump's personal lawyer said Tuesday in
an interview while he isn't threatening
specific actions Giuliani said they
haven't ruled out additional steps if
Muller doesn't
heed their calls so Rudy's gonna be out
front on this Shannon yes and make no
mistake that they are ramping up their
attacks on this investigation they are
going to say it has been a year where is
the evidence where is the collusion it's
time to wrap this up they are not
threatening any action yet the whole
firing Moeller Rosenstein issue does not
appear to be on the table at the moment
but the president's patience is up we
could see the attack starting to
increase as a personal attacks on Muller
and his team increasing in March right
around the time when the president's
legal team was given that list of
questions and Muller floated the idea of
a subpoena and it's only going to be
growing from there and it's all part of
a broad public strategy campaign to
discredit this investigation so whatever
is found there's going to be a large
chunk of the population that either
doesn't believe it or has an about a
question in their mind about the
validity of it well you know the the
problem with that is that you even have
Donald Trump supporters Mike Allen that
hour that have told pollsters that while
they support Donald Trump while they are
skeptical of robert muller
poll results find that washington post
reporting they do not want robert muller
fired because it would look like the
president was covering up a crime no
that's right we see again and again in
polling across the parties people want
the system to work and they would take
the firing as the system not working
also if Trump supporters are smart they
will know as you've been saying on this
show for months that this is would be
the worst possible possibility an
intriguing part of Shannon's report Rudy
was Road testing a new argument in
Shannon's piece Rudy argues that Muller
doesn't need the interview we turned
over 1.2 million pages of emails we
turned over all this information your
questions make us think that you don't
have the facts if you have the facts
robert muller why do you need to ask us
questions that's totally new yeah Mike
Allen Axios has
new reporting looking at the pro-trump
medium machine tell us what Axios is
describing as the dissemination of
trumpian rhetoric well this is surreal
sweats from what we have seen in the
past Joe mica you remember under
President Clinton right-wing talk radio
search under Trump the conservative
media is expanding across digital cable
we've seen on the show what Sinclair is
doing continuing even after all that
controversy with there must run
commercials with there must run
editorials and news segments and so as
Trump looks ahead to 2020 like he has an
even bigger microphone that as paywalls
go up in one of our establishment media
organizations conservatives the choir
even more likely to be pushed into a
place where they're gonna hear White
House talking points and hear the
President's message including the pink
news mantra reverberate yeah and Shannon
obviously the president's getting a lot
of help from that media pushing back
against the Muller probe when you talk
to Rudy Giuliani for this report he
talks about we have a plan B and a Plan
C if this doesn't work this being the
one year anniversary of him now going
out and saying you know the molar probe
is is unfounded and it should stop the
vice president United States came out
last week and said it's time to wrap up
the Muller probe
what are these plan B and Plan C do they
actually think that this effort on the
one-year anniversary might somehow stop
Bob Muller from doing his work I don't
know if they are I guess naive enough to
think that Bob Muller is going to say oh
you feel timings up alright let's wrap
this thing up yeah but Giuliani has made
the argument to me in the past that Bob
Muller is a subordinate to the president
in his view that the president is the
chief executive officer of the United
States and Muller is part of the
executive branch so that sort of
thinking is out there right now now a
lot of people who know Bob Muller would
say that his only boss is the American
people in the US Constitution and he's
going to do what he does as a law
enforcement professional and investigate
but certainly a step they could take
would be defunding his office when we've
talked about many times about if Jeff
Sessions was removed as Attorney General
and a new Attorney General was put in
place who was not recused that Attorney
General could if not fire Bob Muller
which to Mike's point you know would be
you know politically damaging
potentially could box him in could clip
his wings a little bit now with Bob
Miller allow that to happen is a
question and so then you get into this
this tit-for-tat fight but I think this
interview is going to be the next big
pressure point to watch that could
become a real battle yeah we don't
really see the president's legal team
backing down on that at this point you
know it's so interesting that Rudy
Giuliani now says that Robert Muller is
a subordinate to the president United
States when when Bill Clinton was
president he said just the opposite he
said that if the Special Counsel
subpoenas the president the United
States then he has no choice to go and
and there's a Rudy's words those are
Rudy's words back then saying the
president has to go and be interviewed
by this special counsel so it's that's
interesting also very interesting Rudy
tomorrow like Mike Pence last week is
going to channel Richard Nixon oh one
year of Watergate oh my god
okay can they do they not all right I
guess does not stop them but then in pet
apiece Mike Allen thank you both thank
you guys this morning coming up Jeana
hospital is poised to take over as
director of the CIA the latest on the
vote whip in Washington and how she
might lead America spies worldwide
morning Joe is coming right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
