we are learning brand-new details from
just released judiciary committee
transcripts into that controversial June
Trump Tower meeting between Trump
campaign officials and a Russian lawyer
let's go back to NBC News intelligence
and national security reporter and
fortunately for us a graduate of the
Evelyn woods speed reading course can
delay naeun okey doke you're going
through these transcripts first thing I
need to know why would the Senate
Judiciary Committee release this well
accepting we have a whole team of people
actually going through these transcripts
and look I think one of the reasons the
Republicans who run the Senate Judiciary
Committee are releasing this is they are
framing this as a nothing burger what
they are saying in their guidance
document is look this was not evidence
of collusion everybody here is telling
the same story this was about a lobbying
effort by this Russian lawyer and her
colleagues to attack a set of sanctions
called the Magnitsky Act and a man named
bill Browder
who helped get that passed and yes there
was this sort of thing offered about you
know information on democratic donors
but the Trump team really worked that
wasn't that interested in it and you
know so far we haven't seen anything to
contradict that what we did see though
is a little sideline which is that mr.
Aguilera off the oligarch it's confirmed
that he tried to arrange a meeting
between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin
back in 2013 when Trump was in Moscow
for the Miss Universe pageant there's
been some reporting around that in fact
there's reporting that Trump even wrote
a letter to Putin during that time but
this sort of contradicts Donald Trump's
later statements that he wasn't that
interested Vladimir Putin he didn't know
him very well didn't have any dealings
with Russians he was very interested in
meeting Vladimir Putin in 2013 at the
Miss Universe pageant factor of course
if the sidebar is that this guy tried to
set up a meeting with Putin and the
meeting didn't happen well then that
could mean the Trump wasn't interested
in it
no at the meeting clearly didn't happen
based on other reporting we've seen
because Vladimir Putin's team couldn't
make it happen maybe they didn't have
the time to do it but Trump clearly
wanted wanted the meeting Stephanie
okie-doke walk us through because I see
the AP is reporting that Donald Trump
jr. told the Senate Judiciary Committee
he could not remember whether he had
discussed the Russia investigation with
his father
so for me
that seems very far-fetched but can he
give that answer and say I don't
remember and can he give that answer to
robert muller and one more is he under
oath he's not technically under oath for
these interviews but it's a crime to lie
to congress so it's really an immaterial
distinction if you lie in these
interviews you are committing a felony
but look your point about Robert Mahar
just well taken because Robert Muller is
not simply gonna ask the question he's
gonna have a whole bailiwick of other
evidence so if in fact Donald Trump jr.
is not telling the truth and he did
discuss this with his father Robert
Muller is gonna have some way to get at
that and and there may be a reason that
robert muller as far as we know has not
yet interviewed Donald Trump jr. or
summoned him to the grand jury he's
interviewed many of the people whose
transcripts we are seeing today
including Rinna talk mention that
Russian American lobbyists and others
and my information is they've all told
the same story that they're telling that
we're seeing these transcripts but he
has not interviewed Don jr. and another
point Stephanie Don jr. I saw in the
transcript said that he did not discuss
this meeting with his father before it
happened that's a really important
disclosure in his part particularly
because investigators badly want to know
whether that's true all right I want to
share this other excerpt from the
transcript that is reportable Donald
Trump jr. was what Vilnius the Senate
skya was talking about with respect to
derogatory information she had on the
DNC or Hillary Clinton quote it
generally started out as people with you
know perhaps general interests in Russia
I'm not sure if they were US or Russia
based but businesspeople who are
supporters of the DNC and perhaps
Hillary Clinton were in some sort of tax
scheme to avoid paying taxes in both the
United States and Russia he asked if
senator foster he asked if senator
foster if Velma skya
provided the names of those people he
answers not that I remember it was
fairly jumbled it didn't seem at all
relevant to me so I don't recall but she
may have yeah and this is consistent
with the story that Veselin skya has
told NBC News and that others have
explained which is that she had this
idea she's trying to attack the
Magnitsky act and one of the people
behind that act
is bill Browder and he had done some
business in Russia and she believes that
he evaded taxes there and the Russian
prosecutors also made that case against
router and router has supported
Democrats and so have hit some of his
compatriots apparently and she thought
that bringing that information to the
Trump campaign would be helpful to them
but in fact that they didn't according
to their story they did not see it that
way at all
they saw it as kind of a nothing burger
and and a side issue and didn't want to
meet with her again now that's the story
other people look at this and say was
this in fact a dangle this is a woman
that had ties to the Kremlin what did
she establish her she established that
the Trump campaign was willing to meet
with a Russian lawyer with the promise
of incriminating information about their
opponent and that is very important
obviously something
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
