the White House official had a startling
assertion he thought he had received an
email in the first half of 2016 alerting
the Trump campaign that Russia had
damaging information about Hillary
Clinton testifying behind closed doors
on Capitol Hill in late March the
official John K Mashburn said he
remembered the email coming from George
papadopolis a foreign policy adviser to
the campaign who was approached by a
Russian agent some time before the party
conventions and well before WikiLeaks
began publishing messages stolen and
hackings from Democrats such an email
could have proved explosive providing
evidence that at least one high-ranking
Trump campaign official was alerted to
Russia's meddling raising questions
about which advisors new and
undercutting president Trump's denials
of collusion but two months after mr.
mashburn testified investigators for the
Senate Judiciary Committee have found
have not found any such message the
Special Counsel Robert Muller was also
searching for similar emails according
to a person familiar with a request for
documents that his investigators sent to
the Trump campaign the campaign which
has examined its
emails and other documents also cannot
find the message and officials do not
believe it exists we wanted to get more
on this so being kind enough to join us
on the phone to talk about his breaking
story tonight New York Times Pulitzer
prize-winning Washington correspondent
Michael Schmitt Michael I know a little
bit later in the story a lot of critical
details in here but he's asked about it
again and given the chance does not
change his contention that this came in
and he saw this interesting thing about
masculinity someone who's well regarded
someone that's seen as a straight
shooter there's no question that people
believe what he's saying the question is
well does the email exist and no one
seems to be able to find it and for us
this sort of provided a window into
where the investigation is today you
have to remember the FBI has been
looking at ties between Russia and the
Trump campaign two years now nearly two
years and here we are you know
investigators whether they're on Capitol
for Bob Muller searching around for such
emails now it doesn't exist so it's sort
of a mystery of sorts do if you're an
investigator on Capitol Hill to you oh
you what Mashburn saying or you sort of
fold up shop because you can't find an
email from the campaign this what's
interesting in in large part about this
is the delay you and I have spoken about
so often that the stories that reach the
public domain even as good as your
sources and methods are often lagged by
weeks to months behind the work of
Muller and their team a shop that is
virtually leak proof but in this
instance this appears to be that the
kind of holy grail of emails that
remains out there there was such an
email it would be very explosive it
would be tantalizing and it would
provide greater insight into the central
question of the investigation what did
the campaign know about Russia's efforts
to influence the election george
papadapolis the former campaign advisor
when it came out last year that he knew
the Russians had dirt on Hillary Clinton
it really provided the greatest insight
into what the campaign needs who threw
out and when this came up to
congressional investigators who said wow
this could be potentially a huge deal
they looked at the emails they had from
the campaign they saw nothing there
there was nothing to back it up so
that's what set off the search for it
but they have found nothing more
satisfying
Michael one more quick question and
answer I'll let you go and I thank you
for calling in and that is devil's
advocate people watching tonight and
seeing the wording about how critical
this email could be would be forgiven
for asking wait a minute are you telling
me the Muller investigation doesn't have
enough else in terms of explosive
evidence and information that something
like this would be that critical to
their case well I I think I understand
Muller yet better than me you have to
look through it
every little thing I've been hoping
million emails handed over tomorrow
dozens and dozens of witnesses upon
before grand juries hundreds of people
have been interviewed looking at every
different piece of this to understand a
cattle intelligence investigation like
this one
experts say several exist it's not even
a decade to understand what really went
on and mix it the painstaking work of
investigators this is trying to provide
an idea for people of what it's like to
work on this investigation if it was
someone working for Bolivar for Capitol
Hill you have here something from a
witness you try and find it document in
this case they have not been able to
find that document yet hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
