we hear a lot about Donald Trump's
lawyers like this news that motors
investigators do plan to question a
Ukrainian politician with back-channel
talks to guess who lawyer Michael Cohen
and we hear about rudy giuliani's
ongoing unorthodox defensive trump
lately there's been even more analysis
of how even Trump's past lawyers can
inform his mindset today we were just
discussing on the show the Mafia defense
lawyer Roy Cohn but next on this show
right now we're gonna hear directly from
the long-serving Trump lawyer who
literally represented Trump in between
Roy Cohn and Michael Cohen his name is
Jay Goldberg a seasoned New York
litigator and former prosecutor who
represented Trump over a decade on a
range of matters including two divorces
Goldberg says he still talks to Trump as
well as Trump's legal team about the
Russia probe and he maintains
attorney-client privilege with President
Trump so why is goldbrick speaking
tonight well we'll get into that does he
think Rudy Giuliani is serving Trump's
interests or does he agree with the
White House leaks that Donald Trump now
needs better TV lawyers that was a
question at a recent White House
briefing Trump lawyer Jay Goldberg
thanks for being here
is Rudy Giuliani doing a good job for
Trump I don't think so I think he's a
polarizing figure there are those people
who think he was a wonderful prosecutor
but he has no record managing a defense
of someone who's a crew accused of
wrongdoing and to think that when he
comes aboard Muller is going to be
somehow frightened into
cutting his investigation short is it
doesn't really know the role he plays in
Lauryn post do you think Rudy
understands this case and what Donald
Trump wants out of it well I think he
should after repeated conversations
between the two but for him to go on
Sean Hannity's program without fully
debriefing the president it seems to me
the height of unpreparedness I can't
imagine a lawyer for a client going on
television and without fully the
briefing the client as to what the
client expects and what the client wants
well you you represent Donald Trump do
you have phone conversations with him
before after your appearances I do and I
find them to be very cooperative and
I've had no trouble whatsoever in
managing a defense or a prosecution for
one of his cases I might say in each of
the cases I handled for him for which I
take credit that they were always one he
was always in the right did you warn him
that you didn't think Rudy was up to the
job and well I told him that I didn't
think that Giuliani was the right person
to select I thought that they were much
better people that he could use in terms
of negotiating with Muller do you think
that he likes Rudy more for the fact
that he's on TV a lot than for his legal
training no I don't think he that's one
thing I mentioned to him that I thought
Rudy would come into the case it was an
intent to take the spotlight off Trump
and in some ways seek to aggrandize
himself whether it be at the expense of
Trump or not does Donald Trump like that
when people take the spotlight off him
no he does it he doesn't not in this
case because he feels quite strongly
that if the facts get out as I believe
that there's no crime involved in
collusion that in many ways the medicine
exceeds what's needed to cure the
illness Michael Cohen is the person who
came after you
yes in your role as Donald Trump's
lawyer we hear a lot now about potential
money laundering and the Mafia why do
you think that comes up with Michael :
well people involved in the building
trades are at the mercy of the mob who
will threaten a building with labor
peace or the absence of labor peace in
order to get payoffs it's not unusual
for the leaders of organized crime to
say what you need more than anything
else is labor peace and if there be a
strike this could set you back terribly
what does that have to do with Michael
Cohen well I don't know the role
michael cohen played but he calls
himself a fix-it now in the many years i
was its trump upwards of twenty years he
never once asked for something to be
done that wasn't clear and perfect in
accordance with the law he never
questioned me about doing something that
would help his cause of the expense of
what the legal what the law mandated i
found him to be a person who complied
with the law and why do you think
michael cohen is in so much trouble why
was the judge able to approve a search
on his home and office why does he have
sixteen cell phones it could be that
certain things were kept from me i look
upon these things as compliments because
anything that harbored any suggestion of
wrongdoing was kept from me do you think
Michael Cohen's job at times was to keep
the mob away from Donald Trump well if
he says he was a fixer then the question
is what did he fix and what needed
fixing what needed fixing was relations
with the mob and shakedowns
by the mob so the tip you know strikes
and maybe labor peace and old course now
let me ask you there's Trump V Muller
and then there's Cohen yes V avenatti
as an attorney how do you assess Michael
of inaudi so well it's interesting
Michael avenatti has an excellent
reputation as a class action lawyer in
California and he worked for a
responsible firm that worked with me
Daniel Petrocelli so he comes from a
decent background he just sees the
opportunity in my opinion to cash in on
publicity at the expense of what one
would expect of a lawyer do you think
he's been one step ahead of trumps
lawyers well anybody who resorts to the
press in an effort to win publicity
without checking with his client I don't
know whether you checked with his client
or not
and does a disservice to the client and
acts in a way that grained Isis a lawyer
at the expense of what's needed for the
client goldberg longtime lawyer for
donald trump thanks for coming on the
beat and taking the questions my
pleasure
for reaction to that interview former
federal prosecutor Seth Waxman CNBC
editor large John Harwood and Natasha
Bergeron from the Atlantic Seth what do
you think of what Trump's lawyer just
said well the first thing that strikes
me is you have two lawyers who
purportedly have a relationship or work
for the President and and they're having
at each other you have mr. Goldberg now
criticizing mr. Giuliani
and the steps he's taken I think
rightfully so but I've never been a part
of a defense team where two lawyers on
that team or that have an interest in
their client are out speaking ill of
each other so great point and do you
think that based on what we know do you
think J Goldberg would do that just now
tonight and without some inkling that
the president wants that well it's funny
you say that because what he just said
was that he questioned mr. avenatti
going out on TV without the approval of
his clients so I assume if you take that
to the next step that he himself had the
approval of mr. Trump to go out and
speak ill of mr. Giuliani which seems to
not be the best legal strategy or at
least you're setting up your own lawyers
for failure john harwood if I'm not
mistaken Jay Goldberg who of course
basically handed off to Michael Cohen in
this job came as close as you can come
to suggesting that somebody works with
the mob without directly slandering them
yes
and you know I think the most relevant
statement he made about his own
representation of President Trump was I
think certain things were kept from me
somebody who is was giving the
assessments he was of Donald Trump and
his fealty to the truth and the law I
think might not have said that I do
think that there are questions about
order and coherence within Trump the
circle of people advising Trump
obviously Rudy Giuliani who's been
rebuked not only by President Trump for
facts wrong but by his old law firm for
misstating what was acceptable for
lawyers to do he's not been serving the
president well on television he doesn't
seem to have credentials as a real
lawyer and it flood does he appears to
be the most serious person on that team
and I'm not sure what Jay Goldberg's
role is at all at this point well Jay
Goldberg says that he talks to the
president he's told me he spoke to him
as recently as last month and he
maintains attorney-client privilege now
obviously he is in what you might call
respectfully an emeritus status but he's
got a longer deeper connection to Donald
Trump than a heck of a lot of lawyers
who've come in and out yep I mean Ty
Cobb is is respected but out completely
not emeritus I mean fully retire on the
job
Natacha as someone who covers this
closely what jumped out to you about
what you heard and what sounded to me
again like a very clear public knock on
on Michael Cohen and Rudy one of the
things he said that kind of confused me
was that he was surprised that Rudy Rudy
Giuliani would go out on TV you know
it's seemingly unprepared
he actually said Rudy Giuliani said that
he had spoken to the president prior to
that interview with Sean Hannity and he
had gotten the president's permission to
say everything that he had said that
everything that he said was aboveboard
that he not the president knew that he
was going to disclose the fact that they
walked and they walked it back so
obviously there was something off
because they literally had to walk with
a part back about the campaign finance
piece right and this is where the
relationship between Trump and his
lawyers has always been so murky what
exactly does Rudy Giuliani do is he
Trump's lawyer actually is he just a guy
that he talks to on the phone sometimes
and tells him to go out and kind of spin
a PR strategy instead of a legal
strategy same thing with Jay Goldberg
what exactly is Jay Goldberg's role here
does he just does he actually advise the
president in a legal capacity or is he
someone else that the president calls up
before he goes to bed at nights very
similar to Sean Hannity we just don't
know I think you put it very well and
John let me pass over to you but yeah I
think Natasha puts it very well that
diving into the metaphysic ality of what
does it mean to give counsel to Donald
Trump who is uncountable by his own brag
and who says he got into the White House
by ignoring most advice and that is true
whether that works in court is a
separate question I mean John if you
have a tailor but your will you tell the
tailor you want a three-piece suit
that's also a swimsuit even a good
tailor will be at a loss well exactly
and I think Natasha raises the right
point about what exactly the roles are
these are these people playing Rudy
Giuliani in a story about his separation
from his law firm a few days ago said
one of the things he liked about being
free of the law firm and presumably
about being president Trump's attorney
was he hadn't been able to be on
television for a while and he really
missed being on television I'm not sure
he's giving President Trump any more
legal advice than Alan Dershowitz is
from television studios so again I I am
inclined to think that the heavy duty
lawyer in right now is being done by
evident flood who were not seeing on
television well and as they say in court
snap
Seth John Harwood snapping there and a
couple of lawyers who've been known to
appear on television not that there's
anything wrong with being a lawyer on
television obviously a reference only to
use that let me read to you a little
more reporting on avenatti who continues
to be in the spotlight but also with
that comes scrutiny the publication last
week of Cohen's banking history could
jeopardize his ability or even represent
Daniels in court that's the most sort of
live action substantive piece of what I
think you know Jay was alluding to which
is that there may at some point be
actual legal distance between whatever
knot he's up to and making sure he could
still represent her in the best possible
way well that's true and he can come
across conflicts of interest and step in
and if he goes on TV too much I mean it
is generally the policy of practicing
defense lawyers to not put themselves
into the limelight not put themselves
and squarely within the the public
discourse because that could be used
against you in a court so mr. avenatti
goes out on TV obviously a lot and
there's nothing wrong with that
necessarily unless he makes
misstatements and then he'll have to own
up to it or live with it so you know he
the more he puts himself out the more he
puts himself at risk right and maybe we
should be Moran
more television guests you know before
the segment so that they understand what
they say on television can be used
against them
classic Miranda joke I'm looking at
faces yeah a moderate hit not a big hit
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
