president Trump eyes jaws to drop one
Sunday when he put out though that he
was intervening to save a Chinese
government own cellphone company in
order to save catch this he wants to
save Chinese jobs he said well let's
fight his long history of tough talk
about China Trump tweeted President Xi
of China and I are working together to
give massive Chinese phone companies ZTE
a way back to get into business fast too
many jobs in China lost Commerce
Department has been instructed to get it
done well ZTE is teetered on the edge of
collapse ever since the US Commerce
Department last month banned the company
from receiving crucial American
technology components and the move
penalized ZTE for lying about its
violations of US sanctions against Iran
and North Korea serious stuff
additionally ZTE equipment could enable
China to spy on Americans
this meant the Pentagon banned the use
of their cell phones on the fear that
the Chinese government could use ZTE
devices to track troop movements over
the pre-code in the Korean Peninsula now
the honey hopping and Post report the
Trump's effort to save ZD comes 72 hours
after the Chinese government agreed to
put a half billion dollars into an
Indonesian project that will personally
enrich Donald Trump more according to
the report the Chinese government last
Thursday agreed to lend as much as five
hundred million dollars to an Indonesian
theme park and resort which is set to
feature a trump branded hotel golf
course and residences all part of a
licensing deal with the Trump the
organization I'm joined now by the
author of that report SP Dante is the
senior White House correspondent with
the Huffington Post and Noah bookbinder
is the executive director of the
citizens were responsible in ethics in
Washington its crew well gentlemen I
just going to jump ball here SV is this
a quid pro quo for Trump did he get
something half billion dollars in
investment in his company in exchange
for looking out for what he calls
Chinese jobs as ete well it was an
investment in his company what he's
doing is going to run a hotel a golf
course and profit from that investment
right so just to make sure that was 72
hours that decision before this other
exactly and then I was there like
everybody else Sunday morning seeing
this tweet pop up on the phone
what is this since the the entirety of
the United States government's saying
you know this is a bad actor we should
not be using their phones we definitely
shouldn't be letting them on our
military bases and and and the reason is
also well they've been trading with
North Korea in Iran in violation of
sanctions and all of a sudden here he is
gonna save Chinese jobs too many jobs in
China loss I had assumed that well this
probably means he had a phone call
why didn't he play dumb here whiney just
tell ZTE if it wants to get out of its
economic morass its problem area it's
sinking down why does he stop trading
with the enemy our enemy and their enemy
supposedly why don't they stop trading
with Iran and North Korea well it's a
they could avoid the problem it's a
seven year ban on them right and so that
we we the United States government have
already told them that and if they
stopped doing trading then we'll deal
with them again right after seven years
and his contention and the sweet oh no
we got to save their jobs now because
this is terrible for China
well the tweet didn't point out that
yeah three days earlier the Chinese
government which also owns by the way
ZTE had put a pile of money into a
development that he's gonna profit
what's your smell test how's it come out
you think there's a deal here you think
he's doing this to pay off somebody for
what they did for him well he almost
certainly knows what happened three days
earlier was there a definite
conversation look you need to do this
for me I don't know but remember during
the campaign how many times the Trump
say if people are nice to me I'll be
nice to them if he wanted to Erie
Pennsylvania said I'm out to save
Chinese jobs they would laugh them out
of town there you wouldn't to Scranton
if you under watch Kush or anywhere
anywhere the men race Rust Belt that are
dying to save their jobs because the
China they believe my real concern is
American politician is to make sure the
Chinese don't lose jobs they were told
thought he was insane well that's what's
so I open thing about this right there's
there's there's no that we can see
there's no good reasonable explanation
no politics are Donald Trump of all
people to be making this decision so as
long as he owns his businesses and he's
making money from those businesses and
those businesses are getting paid by
foreign governments in violation of the
Constitution by the way we have to
wonder what his motivation is
particularly in a case like this where
there's such a close link in timing
and there doesn't seem to be any other
good explanation for the decision
Chinese probably think there's a
connection knowing how they think in
transactional terms I would think anyway
everybody thinks in transactional terms
Republican Senator Marco Rubio Florida
this morning criticized the president's
shift in policy toward ZTE the big phone
company over there setting the cyber
thread that China poses to the United
States let's watch senator Rubio ZTE is
a company that has in addition to posing
of significant espionage threat against
the United States as part of an overall
industry in China that steals
intellectual property I don't know what
the genesis was behind that tweet it
runs counter to everything every
conversation we've had before then well
good for senator Rubio because if
Hillary did say guy always do bring that
and you flip it around and say if
Hillary Clinton had done something like
this they would have getting it for
treason
well trading with the enemy whatever the
Clintons were getting donations to their
charity which by the way was rated as a
pretty good charity as opposed to you
know president Crump security and any
foreign donation into that was seen as
basically corruption of the highest
level so this is kind of amazing this is
going to his personal pocketbook let's
watch how the White House press deputy
press secretary Raj Shah defended the
president's policy reverse on that big
Chinese telephone company yesterday how
does the president Trump statement that
too many Chinese jobs are at risk square
with his campaign promise that China is
stealing American jobs well I don't
think this has frankly any bearing on
the president's campaign promises with
respect to trade with China he's been
tough let's put this into context I mean
this president has taken China to task
for it's unfair trade practices so he's
been tough and he's confronted them but
on this issue specifically he's asked
the Secretary of Commerce to take a look
at it here's what he said when asked
whether the Trump company's licensing
deal down in Indonesia violates the
anti-bribery provision of the US
Constitution known as the volume
emoluments clause presidents can't take
stuff from people watch so you're asking
about a private organizations dealings
that may have to do with a foreign
government that's not something that I
can speak to well in the end how this is
gonna get resolved goes you first know
well look it's a stake right now that's
right and and people who have been
putting up with the president continuing
to own his businesses which creates a
conflict of interest on every foreign
policy decision he makes and a whole lot
of other decisions need to start raising
a stink about that we went to court to
sue the president first to stop him you
know like the fact is the Emirates
whoever else always gets the hotel rooms
the Trump Tower down on Pennsylvania
Avenue do you
we certainly don't and and and he has
shown that he he likes to treat Yasser
Arafat used to have that deal if he
wanted to interview Yasser Arafat over
in Ramallah you had to take a whole in a
whole hallway a Carter of rooms is some
little one-star hotel right even if you
intended to stay in Jerusalem that night
or else you'd get the interview right
and that's not how our system is
supposed to work and yeah yeah what is
now your thoughts so far what's gonna
happen Congress has done very little to
deal with the stuff that's been well you
guys are here making some noise that's I
think the public doesn't like with them
here dinner last five minutes
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
