how many leaks can the West Wing spring
before Donald Trump takes to Twitter to
lash out at the leakers and their
lackeys in the press well we've lost
count but here's the president's famed
Twitter outrage coupled with his daily
collusion denial from this morning Wow
can you believe that with all of the
made-up unsourced stories I get from the
fake news media together with the 10
million-dollar Russian witch-hunt
there is no collusion I now have my best
poll numbers in a year much of the media
may be corrupt but the people truly get
it
today's Twitter tirade comes on the
heels of yesterday's outburst about
leaks and traitors quote the so-called
leaks coming out of the White House are
a massive over exaggeration put out by
the fake news media in order to make us
look as bad as possible with that being
said leakers are traitors and cowards
and we will find out who they are and
the story of this White House and leaks
takes us back to my most favorite
chapter the trump presidency the mooch
era you remember the Mootoo in his first
days as communications director called a
reporter and said this about then chief
of staff Reince Priebus who he believed
to be a leaker Riots is compared annoyed
schizophrenic paranoiac what he's gonna
do is oh maybe bill shines come in here
let me leave and see if I can lock these
people the way I clock scaramouche II
for six months now that all went down
before scare Moochie fired a press aide
for leaking but not before the news of
his plan to fire that press aide leaked
scare Moochie himself of course got
fired for conduct too unbecoming for the
Trump White House let that sink in and
we're learning today about the length
the White House is going to catch
leakers according to one report quote
sweeps are carried out to track down
personal devices that have made it past
the lobby and into the building
according to sources who are familiar
with the sweeps men dressed in suits
don't most men wear suits and carrying
large handheld devices have been seen
roaming the halls of the West Wing
moving from room to room scouring the
place for devices that aren't
government-issued if one is detected one
of the men will ask those in the room
with someone forgot to put their phone
away
here to help us with all of this Axios
national
reporter Jonathan Swan and Wall Street
Journal White House reporter Peter
Nicholas Jonathan you have been on the
leak beat I have been riveted by your
reporting on this and Saturday morning
when I woke up to your sort of anatomy
of a trunk White House leaked and then
every update grew more surreal with
people calling you to say and another
thing and another thing and another
thing take us through the cascading
leaks about the leakers yeah it's hard
to keep track but based basically what
happened was last last week as you know
everyone's covered very closely a
staffer or several leaked out that Kelly
Sadler who's on the press team said a
very cruel comment about John McCain
that he's dying anyway anyway the next
morning Sarah Sanders gathers the press
and comms team together in the Roosevelt
Room and starts the meeting by saying
now this is probably going to leak what
I say here and that's just disgusting
and my report on Saturday had led with
that and then I said her prediction came
true here's what happened next
according to five sources in the room
now we're now at a point honestly where
it's incredibly easy to get real-time
leaks from meetings in the White House
and they know it they feel that they
want to put some heads on pikes but they
need to find out which heads to put on
those pikes and finding proof is is a
difficult thing because people who are
skilled leakers are very good at
covering their tracks I wanted to talk
about that because you've got this
incredible bit of reporting that one of
the leakers reached out with an
additional quote which we're adding to
the story quote to cover my tracks I
usually pay attention to other staffers
idioms and use that in my background
quotes that throws the scent off me I
mean if they spent this much effort on
their legislative strategy he might
actually have the poll numbers he
believes he has that's amazing
what does that even mean well it's funny
um so we always think everything's
unprecedented but a presidential
historian Tempe Troy who had served in
the Bush administration reached out to
me last night and said pointed out that
in the Reagan era
would do that they would mimic Don
Regan's the way he speaks and they would
put little things and he would get
furious because he had these little
sayings and people would put that in
league so it looked like it was him so
apparently this is quite an old practice
but I will just say there are some very
committed and very skilled leakers in
the White House and long they they
survived
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
