joining me now is Andrew Mitchell she's
our NBC News chief foreign affairs
correspondent and of course host of
Andrew Mitchell reports okay Andrea what
do you make of this is this Kim Jong on
sort of poking the fence like like a
like like a like one of those smart
dinosaurs in Jurassic Park to see if
it's electric foot where it's
electrified and where it isn't well this
was utterly predictable once the
president was so eager to accept the
terms before the terms were even spelled
out if you remember that night when the
South Koreans came in to explain what
had been offered and he said yes let's
do it right I'm there and what they did
explain subsequently was that North
Korea had said the military exercises
which are long scheduled and are
defensive in nature and our readiness as
the Pentagon has just explained could go
on that was part I was just gonna say
the North Shore has sort of acknowledged
that this was going to happen
mostly exactly and they acknowledged it
back even before the talks with Mike
Pompeo to follow up and confirm all of
these agreements two trips by Mike
Pompeo and then Mike Pompeo on Sunday
was on to Sunday talk shows affirming
that there would be economic benefits
possible there would be foreign
investment to rebuild North Korea so the
supposition was that this was all baked
in the cake look Thursday Wednesday
night Thursday morning when I was out at
Andrews Air Force Base and the president
said how excellent Kim jong-un was to
give us back our three prisoners and
there has been criticism why is he
calling him honorable the weeks ago why
is he saying he's excellent for giving
back prisoners he never should have had
has the president the art of the deal
author or written book author why was
the president so eager you nobody knows
Kim jong-un that well okay yeah no
that's right people don't know him that
well at all but we have an idea
certainly of how his father negotiated
and how his grandfather negotiated and
and suddenly there's some similarities
here is who's who wants this summit more
Trump or Kim jong-un are we about to
find out we're about to find out because
Trump on Thursday night right after
getting those prisoners
back he and Mike Pence were in Elkhart
Indiana making this the centerpiece
rather than tax that the foreign policy
legacy of the the legacy for 2018 and
2020 s Nobel Peace Prize he's already
he's already accepted it hey remember
the cabinet meeting well something a lot
of people are saying that but I wouldn't
say that you know the Middle East is a
side we haven't seen any middle-east
proposals long-awaited much delayed
because everything is focused on North
Korea the I would you can't predict the
president but the assumption would be a
traditional response by the United
States government put in a position like
this would be to then walk away right
anything other than that would that
surprise you if that isn't an American
response I don't see how they can be
that they have to now
themselves go through the South Koreans
and their own steel you would assume we
have to steal our spine here right you
would assume that that's why some people
some skeptics many of whom you've
interviewed in I've interviewed have
said you know the downside risk here is
pretty great because if you walk away
after all of this how wonderful Kim
jong-un is and if Singapore in one day
does not go well what does the fallback
position is it back to the nuclear
buttons yeah January 2nd and by the way
did he already get what he is it
possible Kim jong-un realizes he got
everything he's already wanted which is
recognition on the world stage and now
actually he doesn't he wants to summit
eventually but he doesn't need it in
June does he he doesn't care if it takes
place later does he well you don't know
how much difficulty they are in
economically he's already started
according to our satellite imagery
dismantling pongee the nuclear test spy
site in the north which china wants
dismantled as well so you don't exactly
know he's put a lot on the table
dismantling the test site giving back
the prisoners that we have accepted
putting us on defense because he has now
gained the propaganda advantage so at
this point this is now we're about to
find out who wants this summit more John
or Donald Trump exactly Mitchell I think
you're now busy you better get out of
here go get a spot written thanks very
much hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channels
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat depress
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
