Richard you've been on the ground now
for what 24 48 hours can you walk us
through what you're seeing at this
moment what's changed what you're
expecting well I can tell you what's
happening right behind me right now if
you'll notice there's some white clouds
dropping that is tear gas and it was
just dropped by an Israeli drone I know
it's very bright against the skies you
probably can't see the drone we can with
our naked eye it is and that's why
you're also seeing a lot of people
running the ambulances are here
the Israelis are trying to disperse
these crowds because they don't want to
repeat what happened yesterday this area
is right on the Israeli border behind me
there where the people are moving away
from is the actual Israeli border fence
and what has been happening is as people
go toward that fence they have been shot
and more than 50 people were shot
yesterday according to the Palestinian
health ministry and about 2,700 people
injured so this is still an active
protest area that the Israelis trying to
keep people away and this is just one
area like this in the Gaza Strip and
going back to that started as little
tear gas coming going back to that point
you made initially the Palestinians do
not see the u.s. anymore as a fair
arbiter of Middle East peace they don't
think that peace is a reality with
President Trump and Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu especially after the
u.s. embassy moved as far as many people
here are concerned the peace process is
dead hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
