well finally the President of the United
States has said something that will
command the agreement of even the most
relentless members of the resistance to
the President of the United States
Donald Trump's most unforgiving critics
agree with the spirit of a statement the
president made today even if they might
choose different specific words as with
most Trump statements it need not be
said that no president in history has
ever said anything like this today
Donald Trump actually said that his
White House staff quote our traitors and
cowards for any White House staffers for
whom working for Donald Trump wasn't
shameful enough before today they can
now add to their shame that even Donald
Trump thinks they are traitors and
cowards in a tweet late this afternoon
the president said the so called leaks
coming out of the White House are a
massive over exaggeration put out by the
fake news media in order to make us look
as bad as possible with that being said
leakers are traitors and cowards and we
will find out who they are exclamation
points so the leaks from the Trump White
House are fake but Donald Trump thinks
that leakers White House leakers are
traitors and cowards and he's trying to
find out who they are and while he is
busy trying to find out who they are 22
of those traitors and cowards teamed up
to supply the Washington Post with its
latest story based entirely on leaks the
president is trying to stop about a day
in the life of the president under
investigation the president vents two
associates about the FBI raids on his
personal attorney Michael Cohen as often
as 20 times a day in the estimation of
one confidante and they frequently
listen in silence knowing little they
say will soothe him Trump gripes that he
needs better TV lawyers to do fet to
defend him on cable news he plots his
battle plans with former New York
Rudolph W Giuliani his new legal counsel
Gary
20 times a day the White House staff who
the president now calls traitors and
cowards also told The Washington Post
that quote they privately expressed
worries that the probe may yet ensnare
more figures in Trump's orbit including
family members there is particular worry
about Trump's eldest son Donald Trump
jr. and Jared Kushner his son-in-law and
senior advisor last night on Showtime's
the circus John Heilemann delivered the
moment last week when stormy Daniels
lawyer Michael avenatti dramatically
changed our understanding of what
Michael Cohen was up to in Trump world
before the FBI raided his home his
office in his hotel room
you got a tweet written two tweets two
tweets this is the first week after a
significant investigation we have
discovered that mr. Trump's attorney mr.
Cohen received approximately $500,000
from a company controlled by a Russian
oligarch with close ties to mr. Putin
these monies may have reimbursed one
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment that's a big deal
okay what's giving the second tweet now
the executive summaries may be accessed
via the link below mr. Trump and mr.
Cohen have a lot of explaining to do it
was just that it was just that paratis
John Holliman Michael avenatti will join
us in a moment Michael a vanadis
revelations about millions of dollars
being received by Michael Cohen for
questionable consulting with some giant
international corporations was all
confirmed and then some by follow-up
reports in newspapers indicating only
that Michael avenatti had understated
the total amounts paid by some of those
corporations today's Wall Street Journal
carried new details about how Michael
Cohen obtained those fees after Donald
Trump was elected president he would
tell prospective clients large
corporations worried about their lack of
connections to President Donald Trump's
administration that he didn't know who
was advising them but but that the
companies should fire them all a person
familiar
mr. Cohen's approach said I have the
best relationship with the president's
on the outside and you need to hire me
mr. Cohen told them according to this
person the Journal reports that Michael
Cohen traded on his labeling of himself
as the president's lawyer and leaned all
the more heavily on companies that did
not want to do business with him mr.
Cohen repeatedly pitched uber which said
no citing mr. Cohen's ownership of New
York taxi medallions as a potential
conflict of interest with the
ride-hailing firm a person close to the
company said he modified his pitch in
response to those objections reminding
the company he was the president's
lawyer this person said Michael avenatti
has once again expanded the dimensions
of the michael cohen story by tweeting
yesterday video images captured in the
lobby of trump tower during the
transition on december 12th 2016 those
images show michael cohen close to a
bald man who appears to be amidala
roommate room at room a he and another
shot that some that that that same day
of michael cohen in the lobby of trump
tower with michael Flynn and a follow-up
tweet michael avenatti said why was
ahmed al room a he meeting with michael
cohen and michael Flynn in December 2016
and why did mr. al room a he later brag
about bribing administration officials
according to a sworn declaration filed
in court and joining us now with what we
hope is the answer to his own question
Michael avenatti the attorney for story
Daniel is also with us John Heilemann
national affairs analyst for NBC News
and MSNBC he's the co-host and executive
producer of Showtime's the circus and
Joyce Vance is with us former federal
prosecutor she's a professor at the
University of Alabama School of Law and
an MSNBC contributor Michael avenatti so
do you have the answer to your question
about what Michael Cohen was up to there
in the lobby of Trump Tower we have the
answer Lawrence but we're not going to
disclose it tonight but let me say this
and I tweeted this out moments ago
I mean I think that when the truth
relating to this meeting comes out
shortly it's going to redefine the word
ugly when the truth comes out relating
to what Michael Cohen was doing there
that day in connection with these two
individuals in this elevator at Trump
Tower
we know that Michael Flynn was also
there that day and you know Lawrence the
the problem is is that Michael Cohen was
not a registered lobbyist he was not a
registered foreign agent he had no
formal role in connection with the
transition ultimately had no formal role
in the administration so I don't think
he's taking these guys upstairs to you
know pick up to go dinners or anything
of that nature I mean they had to be
there for something and I think it's
gonna come out shortly as to why they
were there and and I don't think it's
gonna be pretty now you mention an
American lawsuit in which I'll remain is
quoted as bragging about in effect
bribing politicians in Washington or is
it through that lawsuit that you expect
this information to come out well I
don't want to get into how I expected to
come out but what I will say is is that
there's a declaration filed in that
lawsuit that I think is absolutely
bulletproof that details the statements
of this individual relating to the fact
that he had successfully bribed
administration officials namely Michael
Flynn and I don't think it ends there we
have a video and photographic evidence
that shows that Michael Cohen was at the
center of this we know from what we
released last week to your point that's
been confirmed that Michael Cohen was
selling access to the president United
States and let me also say Lawrence that
I think that the suggestion that all of
this was going on with involvement by
Michael Cohen involvement by Michael
Flynn and at the same time the president
knew absolutely nothing about it is
absurd now we all remember those days
during the transition in Trump Tower and
there were cameras set up all day and
people moving in and out of there
sometimes dozens of people including the
likes of Kanye West there's James Comey
had his day in the lobby all sorts of
people pass through there it is it
possible that that's just coincidence
that Michael Cohen is on that
Vater at that time without room a no
because if you see the video actually
and I think we also posted the video at
least we we designated portions of the
video that people should go and look at
on my Twitter feed if you look at the
video he walks in with them it's clear
as day that he walks in with them and
gets on the elevator with them I don't
think this is just happenstance by any
stretch of the imagination John
Heilemann once again the guy beside you
has expanded the dimensions of what we
are aware of I was going to say what we
know about Michael : it's more about a
matter of what we are aware of because
I'm not sure what we know as a result of
those images Michael a vanadis promises
in the past that there is more to come
have generally proven to be the case
well let me tell you a little about this
story and it's gonna take us off into a
into a little bit of the weeds here but
so it's pretty interesting I think you
may have read in the last couple weeks
about a lawsuit that was filed by the
lawsuit that that mister have an ayah is
referring to which is a lawsuit that's
been filed by two individuals jeff
claude nets and an ice cube the rapper
who run a league called the big three
which is an old timers NBA basketball
league they had some Qatari investors
including mister remain in the course of
there have been various financial
entanglements and disputes between the
league those two guys quad nets and cube
and those Qataris they've now sued the
Qataris and it's in the course of that
lawsuit that this declaration been made
where mr. qua death somebody I happened
to have known since my senior year in
high school I went to college with went
oh no no no it's the world is not that
world the world in this case was reading
about this lawsuit today you went to
high school with no someone I knew in my
senior year of high school but who I
went to Northwestern University as an
undergraduate with who I lived with for
two years of Harvard in graduate school
and who is continues to be someone I
know extraordinary well so he declares
in the lawsuit that the reason that the
qatari is invested in big 3 was because
Jeff quanta Mnet's was very good friend
of Steve bandits and that the Qataris
were trying to use their investment in
the league to get access to Bannon and
through Bannon influenced Trump and it's
quite it's a sworn declaration in this
case where he says that in his
discussions with the Qataris and with
mr. Romania that
he claims that he had already bribed
Mike Flynn and he said you know you
should take our money to give it to
Steve Bannon and Kuantan it says there's
a terrible idea I don't want to be
involved with this and he says well what
are you talking about a lot of Americans
take our money Mike Flynn took our money
Mike Owen is not named in that lawsuit
so what mr. abinanti is done here at
least at this point is connected a dot
between this lawsuit and the allegations
that the Katara's word brought that
client they claimed according to this
that they have already bribed by Flynn
now we have Michael Flynn Michael Cohen
and the person who is said to have
claimed to a bribe Flynn in this
elevator together I don't know what the
connection between what Michael Kohn is
I know nothing about the Cohen
connection to this if there is any
common connection to this other than the
fact they rode an elevator together but
the story of these Qataris and their
attempts to get into to basically engage
in what seems like an influence
operation through this very strange
medium which is to say an old-timers
basketball league is an amazing story
partly because it involves people like a
rap star like Ice Cube but here we have
an instance where it seems like again
one of the things that Michael Abernathy
has done in various cases is kind of
bring threads together and and so create
a garment we don't know exactly what the
shape of this garment is or at least I
don't yet but the garment is starting to
become a little more visible Jerry's
fans certainly the special prosecutor is
aware of this sworn statement in the
lawsuit and and this and the way the way
what what remains quoted as saying
basically is do you think Mike Flynn
didn't take our money that's the kind of
statement made in a lawsuit like that
that would attract the special
prosecutor's attention it would attract
a lot of attention if they had not known
about it before the the statement was
filed in connection with the lawsuit
we're seeing a lot of indication though
that Muller was looking at a lot of
different threads in this investigations
back late last year that we're only just
now learning that he was looking at back
in that time period so one rather
suspect that he would have been on to
this well before it became public
knowledge as his
been the case over and over again in
this investigation and that's really
what you would expect you would always
expect prosecutors to know much more and
be much further down the path than the
public is aware they have been able to
travel and Joyce let me ask you another
legal question about what we heard
Michael Cohen quoted as saying when he
was approaching these companies to
represent them at a certain point saying
to them you need me you need to hire me
does that begin to edge up towards
something that sounds threatening
Lawrence I think this is the real
question in the cohen investigation was
he just a huckster was he someone who
was self promoting and trying to hustle
some business where was he really
selling access to the President of the
United States that will likely have been
the focus for Muller and his team trying
to determine whether Cohen was
freelancing or whether he was actually
selling access to the president and
there's an interesting little bit of
circumstance swirling around this
because if you're going to set yourself
up is in a pay-to-play situation you
know you've got to pain me if you want
to play with this administration there
has to be some reasonable threat that
you can really carry that out so here we
have some tweets that the president was
tweeting out about American companies
and there were financial repercussions
for those companies when those tweets
happened it'll be interesting to see how
this all compares as Cohen goes out and
sort of bids with people tries to get
them to hire him where it was their
Twitter activity in that industry did
any of these companies believe either
from the tweets or from other sources
and other circumstances that they really
did have to hire Cohen if they wanted to
get contracts get favorable treatment
have access that will be what this
investigation will be looking at and
it's not unforeseen it's not
unpredictable that that would happen
that is the bread and butter of
prosecutors doing public corruption
cases and Michael there's another side
of this legal coin
one side of it is you need to hire me in
order to get benefits the other side of
it is which is kind of the old mafia
version of it you need to hire me to
prevent this president from doing
serious damage to you I will I will get
this president not to do damage to you
well and there's little doubt Lawrence I
don't know this for a fact but look
based on what I know about Michael Cohen
in the way that he's conducted himself
there's little doubt in my mind that
that probably both messages were
delivered and let me also say this I
seriously doubt that at the end of this
there's going to be any doubt as to
whether mr. Trump knew what was going on
here because otherwise Michael Cohen
would have had a strong string these
clients long month in month out month in
month out relating to what he was
telling the president communications
with the president at some point these
clients that retained him had to have
asked him well did you run it by the
president or what did the president say
or when do we get to meet the president
or when do we have to when do we have
lunch with the president what's the
president's position I mean that had to
have occurred at some point during this
process so unless Michael Cohen is
absolutely lying to the clients that are
paying him all this money then obviously
the president had to have known that
Michael Cohen was carrying the water for
some of these folks and and John the the
chances of Michael Cohen absolutely
lying to the clients also seemed to have
a very high possibility one of the Wall
Street Journal reports talks about how
unhappy Michael Cohen was about his lack
of a relationship with the president
while Donald Trump was in the White
House one of the fundamental realities
about Michael Cohen is that if you went
back to the period in 2010 2011 2012
when President Trump was thinking about
running candidate Trump was think about
running for president in the earlier
cycle Michael Kohn was with him
constantly and there was no one who
covered Trump in that period as I did
who didn't expect that Michael Cohen
would be his campaign manager how do you
run in 2012 when you got to 2015-2016 he
wasn't in the campaign in a central way
and then of course we all know Donald
Trump did not want to take him to
Washington so some distance had happened
and one wonders whether whether the
extent to which Cohen was actually
making legitimate representations about
his connections the president versus
overstating how close he was he we know
he was depressed and felt betrayed about
not getting to go a lot of questions
still out
about where what there that were the
state of that relationship at the end of
the time when the transition was
happening that quick last question on
timetable when will we find out what
happened December 12 2016 at Trump Tower
I think soon soon is a week soon as a
month soon as soon soon is soon Michael
avenatti soon is soon that's I think
that's on your business very zen may be
on the other side of this break may be
knows michael have an audience pants
thank you both for your legal
perspective on this really appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
