john kelly continues to find new depths
of disgrace in his role as White House
chief of staff his vicious comments last
week about immigrant families being
ripped apart by the Trump government
with children thrown into quote foster
care or whatever actually reflect John
Kelly's own thinking that is something
Kelly would happily opine about at any
bar in the Boston neighborhood where he
grew up
that cruelty comes straight from John
Kelly's own heart that cruelty is not
something that he learned in the Trump
White House the immigrants in John
Kelly's own ancestry who came to this
country not speaking English and never
learning to speak English
fit perfectly John Kelly's description
last week of people who should not be
allowed into this country so John Kelly
managed to disgrace his own ancestors
with those comments but he sure sounds
like he means it when he says it at the
same time it is still impossible just
impossible to imagine that John Kelly
shares White House staffer Kelly
Sadler's disdain for Senator John McCain
when she said this last week in a White
House staff meeting in reaction to
Senator McCain's opposition to the
president's nominee to be the director
of the CIA quote it doesn't matter he's
dying anyway it is impossible to believe
that John Kelly does not respect John
McCain the decorated former prisoner of
war in Vietnam who comes from a family
richer in military tradition than John
Kelly's own family and so John Kelly's
silence about Kelly Sadler's McCain
comment has to be the product of John
Kelly's own cowardly fear of the wrath
of Donald Trump
any other White House chief of staff
would have fired Kelly Sadler
immediately upon learning of her comment
any White House staffer with the
slightest sense of decency and duty to
the White House would have immediately
quit when her comment became public so
as to relieve the White House of that
terrible controversy but not Kelly
Sadler she doesn't have that kind of
decency she promised senator McCain's
daughter Megan McCain last week in a
telephone apology to Megan McCain that
she would apologize publicly and she has
not done it and so it is now very clear
who is managing the White House response
to the Kelly Sadler comments about John
McCain here's the White House press
briefing today why not just apologize so
America doesn't think that that is an
acceptable way of speaking inside this
White House well I understand the focus
on this issue but it's going to be dealt
with and has been dealt with internally
addressed internally obviously if I
explain all that then it will remain
internal I can explain it you can
explain it anyone who has been watching
Donald Trump can explain it
Donald Trump is obviously personally
managing this controversy in the White
House and he is forbidding Kelly Sadler
from publicly apologizing to John McCain
and he is forbidding John Kelly from
firing Kelly Sadler and he is forbidding
former General John Kelly from standing
with the American military hero John
McCain and at least publicly condemning
Kelly Sadler's comment even if he is not
allowed to fire her there will be leaks
we might have to wait for another
Michael wolf book but there will be
leaks about how John Kelly handled
himself inside the Trump White House
when the day came to stand silently with
Kelly Sadler or stand honorably with
John McCain the White House press
secretary conducted a meeting about the
leak of what Kelly Sadler had to say
about John McCain and Axios reports a
visibly upset and furious press
secretary Sarah Sanders told the group
quote I am sure this conversation is
going to leak - and that's just
discussed disgusting and of course I can
read you that quote of what the White
House press secretary said in that
meeting
because it was leaked by one or more of
those people who Donald Trump calls
traitors and cowards
during our discussion now Ron Klain the
former chief of staff to Vice President
Joe Biden and Al Gore and a former
senior aide to President Obama and back
with us as John Holliman and Ron Klain
you have lived and worked in a white
house and all white houses are concerned
about leaks but we've never seen
anything quite like this no look leaks
are part of Washington and they happen
in all administration's but this one
seems to be worse by a factor of many
than anything we've seen but the
fundamental problem is this if the
president wants to stop leaks of
horrible embarrassing information about
his administration he had a stop doing
horrible and embarrassing things I mean
that the fundamental problem really
isn't that this stuff was leaking out
the fundamental problem is that this
stuff is happening and then a member of
the president's staff would say what
Kelly Sadler said about John McCain
again the issue isn't that it's leaked
is that she said it and nothing has been
done about it and by now John Heilemann
we it's it's fair to infer that
President Trump thinks about John McCain
exactly the way Kelly Sadler does well I
think we could have been inferred that
some time before given the history with
him and John McCain I really think that
I don't want to cut she said a horrible
thing everybody we know has said
something snotty or something
disrespectful or something nasty about
someone at some point and regretted it
and it's the easiest thing in the world
it's hard not no it's not without it's
not completely easy but really if you
just come out and apologize and say you
know everyone will understand that you
could have said something obnoxious she
apparently apologized privately to the
McCain family having apologized
privately what is the reason why they
will not apologize publicly it has
something to do with Donald Trump's
attitude which is never apologize for
anything ever and I think they just is
the most insane prolonging of a
ridiculous of a story that's doing
nothing but bad for them when all it
would have taken was 30 seconds for the
woman to just come out publicly and say
and the White House to stand by her and
say yep I had said something terrible
genuinely terrible I'm really sorry for
that and it would all be over but of
course that then would raise the
question well wait your boss said that
he charted trashing John McCain back
when he first got into this race and
isn't what you were saying just
basically consistent a worse version but
a consistent version of what President
Trump thinks about John McCain and then
you'd have a whole other set of issues
and troubles Ron Klain different jobs
have different standards of public
conduct and different reactions to when
private conduct becomes public
there's no stricter standard that I'm
aware of than the White House itself
can you imagine something like this even
if it was said her defenses it was a
joke that's her defense that can work as
a defense in comedy writing rooms in in
Hollywood it can work in many settings
it can work in many workplaces but what
do you think any other White House their
reaction would be to a comment like this
being made public well look I wrote John
huh but everyone says things they regret
in politics and in public life the key
thing is to own up to them and to
apologize both privately and publicly
that wasn't done here I have doubts that
this was a joke though and I mean you as
John mentioned Donald Trump has said
though most horrible things about John
McCain and by the way not just in this
campaign but all the way back to 2000
when Joe Donald Trump started on this
trope that John McCain wasn't a hero
because he was captured during the
Vietnam War this man who avoided service
to his country during that war so I
think that the the fundamental problem
here is a lack of respect for Senator
McCain look I disagree with John McCain
on a lot of issues I worked hard on a
campaign to beat him for the presidency
but I don't see how anyone can not
respect the man the hero that he is his
service to our country and that lack of
respect is just evident the Trump White
House the last thing I'll say is you
know John McCain also has a lot of
friends on Capitol Hill and a lot of
friends in the US Senate in particular
and this attitude from the Trump White
House is going to cost them up there on
Capitol Hill if they want to try to get
anything else done up there in the
foreseeable future
John Kelly famously said I remember when
women were sacred were held sacred
apparently he does not remember when
prisoners of war were sacred you would
have thought that if John Kelly had
control over this White House it had
again this he's a military
you know he's got he must in some level
bro female he must respect John McCain's
sacrifice he must respect John McCain
and so he must either feel as though
he's given up on trying to contain some
of the excesses in this White House or
he feels cowed by President Trump who
he's afraid that if he were to order the
the person who committed this this this
venal sin to atone that somehow he would
be he would face the wrath of the
president for allowing anybody the White
House to apologize for anything and so
either one either he's just given up or
he's afraid of Donald Trump neither one
look there's a very good look from John
Keller right clay your reactions are the
former Marine general working in the
White House being absolutely silent on
this comment about John McCain it's it's
just sad Lord there's no other way to
describe it I mean John Kelly obviously
had great service to our country he paid
the ultimate sacrifice and the loss of a
son serving our country and and as a
dedicated loyal military man and for
someone with that kind of record to not
be able not to have the authority or the
will or whatever he's been deprived to
say to Kelley Sadler you march out there
publicly and you apologize to Senator
McCain and his family in public is a
horrible unwinding of his authority of
his moral authority of the kind of
authority should have his White House
chief of staff and the Donald Trump has
done that to him is a horrible thing and
that John Kelly has accepted it is an
equally horrible thing and and it's just
it's just a disgrace to see and John
Kelly will continue to go to work
tomorrow and work side by side with
Kelly Sadler Ron Klain thank you for
joining our discussion tonight hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
