now to some blockbuster new reporting
today on the secretive Muller probe from
The Washington Post that reports quote
the Muller operation like the former
Marine Corps platoon commander who leads
it is secretive and methodical ten
blocks west in the White House President
Trump combats the probe with bluster
disarray and defiance as he scrambles
for survival the president vents two
associates about the FBI raids on his
personal attorney Michael Cohen as often
as 20 times a day
in the estimation of one confidante and
they frequently listened in silence
knowing little they say will soothe him
also unlikely to soothe him new
reporting about the special counsels
interest in the president's former fixer
and personal attorney Michael Cohen The
Wall Street Journal reporting today
quote mr. Cohen talked to associates
about building a huge practice he mused
about approaching foreign governments
and foreign firms his work did have an
impact in one way it drags some of the
world's largest corporations and other
firms into special counsel robert molars
investigation and speaking of mr.
Cohen's interest in adding foreign
governments to his client list the
attorney for porn star stormy Daniels is
playing a game of chicken with Cohen on
Twitter with this threat for Cohen
intended to raise questions about
Cohen's client work let's bring in our
guest one of the reporters with the
byline on that remarkable Washington
Post story White House reporter Ashley
Parker an MSNBC analyst Jeremy Bash is
here former chief of staff for the CIA
and the Pentagon also an MSNBC analyst
and with a sunset attorney Michael
avenatti let me start with you and that
tweet what do you what are you
threatening what are you insinuating
well I don't think we threatened or
insinuated anything I mean I think we
followed it up with some statements that
have yet to be refuted it's clear that
on December 12th of 2016 Michael Cohen
who was not registered as a lobbyist and
was not registered as a foreign agent is
seen taking some very high-ranking
Qataris up the elevator
they exit about an hour and 40 minutes
or an hour and 30 minutes later Michael
Flynn is there at the same time
and we find it very suspicious that
michael cohen appears to be assisting
the Ataris and having access to the
president on this particular day I mean
I don't think that we're going up in the
elevator to have lunch or dinner but I
guess the White House had an incredibly
anti Qatari policy posture until very
recently so if he was act I'm with you
until the part where we're where it
seems you're alleging that the Qatari
has got anything out of this well I mean
18t didn't get anything out of it either
right I mean they had a very anti 18 t
stance as it relates to the to the
merger and that didn't stop any team T
from paying all of those monies to
Michael Cohen for AXA so we can't look
back in time and look at what the
ultimate result was and then say well
they must not have been paying for it or
they didn't get what they paid for
that's not the test the issue is is that
yet Michael Cohen clearly in the weeks
after the election selling access to the
President to the highest office of the
land when he's not registered as a
lobbyist and he's not registered as a
foreign agent and you've seen Muller
charge people for Paul Manafort has been
charged for the second I guess is it an
allegation are you alleging that that's
what Michael cone did are you suggesting
that questions be asked I just want to
be really clear no I'm alleging that
that's exactly what happened and now you
have an affidavit that was filed in
federal court by someone that was close
to one of the individuals in the
elevator and that affidavit states that
the individual bragged to him that they
had effectively bribed an administration
official namely Michael Flynn and let me
just understand how this fits into the
stormy Daniels legal case and let me
understand if something has changed I
mean you said to me earlier that you're
basically a repository for all sorts of
evidence now and data points for
examples of corruption on the part of
mr. Cohen and the Trump orbit G how does
it fit into your larger role to bring
these things to light well look at
Nicole I think we've been really clear
about this we are in a position where we
believe that people should have the
truth the whole truth nothing but the
truth and should have the facts in the
evidence
Atari's well if necessary the Katara's
or others 80 others it doesn't matter at
this point the fact of the matter is is
if information comes into our possession
that we believe is credible and that we
believe people should be asking
questions about we're gonna release it
publicly and ultimately people can
decide whether it's credible or not or
whether there should be follow-up
investigation or not it's just that
simple let me ask you about what you
deem credible because obviously here is
the news organizations we haven't been
able to independently corroborate the
individuals in the picture so and I know
you're protecting your sources we you
and I had this conversation last week
what is your standard for information
you deem credible you said you're in
receipt of mountains and volumes of it
we have we have a very high standard and
no one has disputed the the the one
identification that we've made of the
individual and the picture I think it's
pretty clear that that's who it is no
one's claimed otherwise Michael Cohen
and his attorney could very easily come
forward and claim otherwise otherwise
others could come forward and dispute
what we've said they haven't disputed
that just like they haven't disputed
ninety nine point three five percent of
the information that we released last
week so I think we have a pretty good
track record I stand behind the accuracy
of what we've released
let me bring Ashley Parker in who's got
some unbelievable reporting about the
impact of the Cohen raid and of this
growing body of evidence about how Cohen
was conducting his post-election
business actually this would be business
conducted during the transition it seems
that this is a raw nerve for the
president revelations about how Michael
Cohen was holding himself out to
potential clients and the fact that now
there are at least two avenues of the
Cohen investigation there's the Southern
District of New York there's all of the
questions that Bob Muller has had talk
about what you reported in your piece
about the president yelling about those
Cohen raids up to 20 times a day sure so
basically the Cohen reads were sort of a
psychic or cosmic turning point for the
president in his thinking about this
entire investigation and to be clear we
all know from his tweets he was never
happy about this probe but there was a
period at which the people in his orbit
the people in his White House and the
people on his legal team could
could kind of play to what he said and
believed which is that he had done
nothing wrong that there was no
collusion and to say just you know the
more you cooperate and the easier and
the sooner you cooperate the sooner this
will be all be wrapped up and you will
be vindicated and Muller is incredibly
thorough so when you are vindicated you
know it will be a true vindication and
it will mean you really are cleared and
there was a period again save for sort
of his angry rants and his tweets where
he was kind of going along with that
plan and then when the the Cohen raids
happened he he just sort of felt like a
couple things he felt that Muller's
investigators were no longer operating
in good faith and it sort of crossed
this red line for him where he felt like
this probe had gone way too far afield
it was going into you know not quite his
family but people who were very close to
him people who hadn't even come to the
White House with him someone who didn't
have an official role on the campaign
someone who handled his business and his
family dealings and and that's when he
really got furious and as we mentioned
this is something he talks about
non-stop he mentioned it one person told
us up to 20 times a day and aides to
sort of stand there and don't quite know
what to say because they know there's
nothing that can calm the president down
Jeremy I want you to tie these pieces
together seemingly unrelated the qatari
is the US Qatari position which was
viewed as as pretty hostile to the
gutter II position on the the blockade
at the beginning of the administration
it seems to have shifted a little bit
but this also ensnares two individuals
that actually highlights in her piece
who were very much of concern to people
watching the Muller probe closely and
that's the president's son Don Jr and
Jared Kushner we've got some reporting
NBC has reported that the Qataris opted
not to give information on Kushner and
secret meetings to Muller
I guess deciding that that that they
didn't have an obligation to cooperate
but could you try to pull together all
of these threads Michael avenatti
talking about Cohen's pay-to-play
business we see more and more data
points on that as Ashley's reported the
Cohen raid and the idea of Cohen's files
being dumped and turned over to the FBI
a real trigger for the president causing
xx outbursts a day and
two of the people closest to him family
by any definition very much under
scrutiny by Muller and perhaps other
investigations for their contacts with
foreign governments
yeah well the government of Qatar is
very close to the government of Iran and
in some ways Qatar has split from its
other Gulf Sunni countries Saudi Arabian
Emirates and has really adopted a line
of foreign policy that's been
antithetical to US interests and so
qatar had a lot of ground to make up and
as you noted Nicole Qatar found itself
kind of on the wrong side of the Trump
administration's perceived foreign
policy approach at the beginning of the
administration I don't know that it's
the fact that they got nothing for if
they did hire Michael Cohen or using
Michael Cohen as a conduit it could have
been a lot worse for Qatar maybe they
sanded some of the edges off the US
policy I don't think we know and I don't
think we understand fully yet unless
Michael knows or has evidence of what
exactly was the relationship do they
hire Michael Cohen did they pay him did
they merely say get us a meeting and
then we'll pay you later later and what
were they specifically asking and
requesting who were those people in the
elevator who are they meeting with in
what were they seeking so I think these
are all very legitimate very significant
questions that I think we have to
understand before we can make any
judgments about whether or not this was
merely swampy or actually illegal any
thoughts
well I mean I think that's right we
haven't disclosed everything we know yet
but look I don't again I don't think
those gentlemen are in the elevator with
Michael Cohen at Trump Tower at that
time period because they're interested
in you know picking up some Christmas
gifts or or for lunch or dinner I mean
let's call it like we see it I mean you
can see it on the video you can see it
on the pictures we've already identified
one of the individuals we think we're
close to identifying the second
individual and look if we're wrong about
this and there's some innocuous reason
for this meeting like you know they
wanted mr. Trump's autograph or
something like that then let them come
forward and talk about it Michael hold
on can I just ask do Michael do you know
for example whether or not they engaged
Michael Cohen to actually represent them
or was it possible that they were having
a meeting along with a dozens of other
foreign delegations during the
transition to sit down with Trump and
his inner circle including people who
had worked with including people he
might have hired in that in the
administration I mean what do we know
and what do we not know well I'll tell
you that that
we do know is that this was not just a a
standard foreign dignitary visit in
order to introduce themselves to mr.
Trump but I'm going to leave it at that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
