since that the foreign policy is
generating uncertainty deep uncertainty
right the foreign policy is not what the
Congress members of the House and Senate
are going campaigning on right now they
need to campaign on domestic issues
where they have a sense so while Donald
Trump is doing this and may look for a
deflection it's not necessarily going to
help the midterms although that's
important and all of those babies are
dead all of those people are dead
they're dead and and we're talking about
racehorses I mean the politics I mean
there's a lot of folks who are dead
today for what I'm sorry this is me
being a moralist I suppose no I
understand and the White House today
their response to that was it is Moss's
fault and they're using them as as tools
for for propaganda that's like saying
the children in the children's March the
Birmingham it was their fault that Bull
Connor attacked them hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
