but here's the final rudy story rudy
giuliani also created some confusion
about president Trump's role in the
Justice Department's move to thwart an
85 billion dollar merger speaking about
a tease six hundred thousand dollar
contract with Michael Cohen Giuliani
told HuffPost quote whatever lobbying
was done didn't reach the president he
did drain the swamp the president denied
the merger they didn't get the result
they wanted after some got the
impression Trump had taken a personal
role in the Justice Department's
decision to challenge the merger between
AT&T and Time Warner Giuliani followed
up with NBC News quote I just want to be
clear the president did not intervene
meanwhile can we show that can we show
the show that picture of Giuliani again
with his quote so I think it was Dan
Dresner the instant Giuliani said the
president killed the merger Elise the
instant he tweeted out look for
clarification within the next 12 hours
big was Dan Dresner are somebody else
and as you could say like that but
there's only one Dan president but a bit
everybody was saying the same thing and
it is so funny it's kind of like when
Rand Paul said whenever and Paul your
former boss says I'm not going to vote
for so and so you know we yes you're
just waiting for him to come up with the
excuse no it's happened it's happened
every time I'm not going to support this
Nam you know they are say okay well
what's going to be well here with
Giuliani
I meant time again people are saying he
will back down and sure enough he did
hear too well then it takes them even
that long why is this situation even
occurring can you imagine just put
yourself in the position of having a
family member who had legal problems and
they had someone who was going out and
freelancing like Rudy Giuliani you would
nip that in the bud immediately you
would say no this isn't this is
dangerous this is stuff they're saying
have another exactly and instead they're
just digging in and letting him continue
to add it to just the myriad of issues
that Donald Trump faces
and you even from just the michael cohen
comment and saying oh well they might
have discussed the russia investigation
throwing him into that it's just making
everything worse well the problem is
their legal consequences to this this is
that nick this is not just them bumbling
around about some political issue some
political ping-pong ball that goes back
and forth these are legal issues and
maru DS already heard him in the
Southern District of New York he's
already heard him in the California case
now we've got the AT&T case said he's
gone and bumbled his way into like every
time he opens his mouth Donald Trump is
in more legal trouble the problem is he
doesn't really have a competent legal
team around him in this sort of work
that that could say hey listen this guy
is really damaging your legal interest
right now you can pay for this later if
you don't get rid of him now listen
high-end defense work is not stakes 21
Club it's not a panel on Fox News and
there's a reason that the lawyers who
are really good at that stuff aren't
doing the stuff that that that he is
doing day in and day out what he does is
try to solve one problem and goes right
and creates a second problem and the
second problem is created on AT&T it's
suggesting that in fact the president
did intervene in the process and they
place them on the scale and the fact
that I didn't go the way that a Cowen's
client had wanted to go it doesn't
matter because the point is because
because half of lobbying is trying right
and and if they thought he had some
influence to effect the decision then
what Rudy has said was in fact there was
a chance of the president intervening
right and Mika if you look at what the
president knows he needs right now
according to news reports this weekend
mm-hmm he says he needs better I'm
making this up
TV lawyers that's what he's concerned
about he's not concerned about in fact
he he's being pursued by the most
competent prosecutor in our times he
says he needs better TV lawyers still I
had on Morning Joe there is no apology
from the White House to John McCain
after a top staffer disparaged the
ailing senator with a cruel joke
remember the White House Correspondents
Dinner
Plus Paul Ryan says there is nothing to
see here while he believes Republican
voters aren't worried about stormy
Daniels or Bob Muller and Jared
Kushner's pet project aside from the
Middle East making peace there is
running into serious problems at the VA
his digital health program is so
troubled that doctors are terrified
they're going to accidentally kill their
own patient okay I'm not gonna like
welcome to the new world the Trump White
House you're watching that show we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
