the senior senator from Arizona has
endured insult after insult this week at
one point labeled songbird John a
reference to his time as a Pio w and
while discussing votes for CIA director
Gina Haspel who McCain opposes White
House special assistant Kelley Sadler
reportedly said quote it doesn't matter
he's dying
anyway here's the White House's apology
for those comments does the White House
not think that you need to contain these
remarks again I'm not gonna validate a
leak one way or the other out of an
internal staff meeting are you saying
that you didn't say this again I'm not
gonna validate a leak out of an internal
staff meeting meeting one way or the
other
no no sorry here's the White House
apology I think the remarks are awful
but let's let's look at this in context
that was said in a private meeting
inside the White House it's not like but
you might say something really nasty
about me off the air and it really
doesn't have that much impact you come
on air and say it officially now that's
a problem this was a private meeting
inside the White House it was a joke it
was a badly considered joke an awful
joke that she said fell flat you have to
have some freedom to speak in a private
meeting to speak candidly we've all said
things in private especially in smaller
groups that we work with that we would
never say publicly that's not it either
right something something is clearly
going on with our control room hopefully
this is actually the right thing the
White House apology those comments
whether they were made or not made there
were some reports and there obviously -
about the the internal workings of that
meeting that that just shouldn't be made
public sadly reportedly did apologize to
Meghan McCain over the phone but still
hasn't followed through on a promise to
do it in public and Jonathan Swan at
Axios reports that huddled behind closed
doors with the communications staff
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Sadler's
comments were wrong quote a visibly
upset and furious press secretary Sarah
Sanders told the group quote I am sure
this conversation is going to leak - and
that's just disgusting according to a
source in the room q Lindsey Graham
are you satisfied with how the White
House is responded no not really
it's pretty disgusting thing to say if
it was a joke it was a terrible joke
I just wish somebody from the White
House would tell the country that was
inappropriate that's not who we are in
the Trump administration and John McCain
can be criticized for any political
decision he's ever made or anybody's
ever cast but he's an American Hero and
I think most Americans would like to see
the Trump administration do better in
situations like this it doesn't hurt you
at all to do the right thing and to be
big that's what they could have said
publicly on Thursday word for word
and simply ended this whole thing join
me on set chief correspondent for the
Washington Post Dan Balz Washington
bureau chief for vice news Shauna Thomas
MSNBC political analyst Eli Stokes
former adviser to Jeb Bush and former
spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner
michael steele and joining the
conversation from nashville the
presidential historian MSNBC contributor
and author of the new book the soul of
America the battle for our better angels
historian Jon Meacham and Jon Meacham I
want to start with you because the the
overarching question that I have every
time this president says anything it
seems about John McCain is I wonder does
he have any sense of history no I could
go on if you like no it's the anti Joe
Biden answer no he doesn't and remember
what's happened here is the presidency
has become a tabloid media culture where
you throw a punch if you somebody bite
throw might seem to be devout to throw a
punch at you you punch again and again
and again
it's the war of all against all and
that's the way Trump views the world
it's the way the White House
unquestionably views the world because
every White House takes on the
characteristics and character of the
person at the top it's inevitable every
every court since the dawn of time has
reflected
the character of the person in charge
and unquestionably this this view of
Senator McCain and I think one of the
reasons we've had a couple of shots in
the cane is because McCain is in many
ways the anti-trump he is someone who
has served virtually his entire life
he's a flawed guy he'd be the first one
to tell you that he has a great sense of
tragedy a great sense of history and
understands that he's gonna get some
things right and some things wrong which
therefore makes him the untrim and so I
think that that I think President Trump
looks at that I think his people look at
that and it makes them uncomfortable
I think the Bush family is a lot like
that for them they see other people
doing what they in their heart of hearts
know they ought to be doing and I think
out of that resentment comes this kind
of really not inexcusable because if the
person apologized we could we could move
on but the incapacity to admit you made
a mistake is a troubling thing dan Balz
one one of the things that was mentioned
also in in Jonathan swans reporting out
out tonight is this idea that we learn
more about what goes on behind the
scenes in the Trump White House through
these leaks then we would in
weeks/months years of another
administration having covered many of
these I mean are you surprised by the
degree of information that comes out of
the White House that allows us to learn
about things like what was said not so
much anymore I mean I think at the
beginning I think we were all surprised
by the how leaky this administration was
and certainly this White House was and
part of the reason in the early stages
as you well know was that you had real
in fighting real factional problems and
people at war with one another and they
were trying to settle it in in a in a
public way by leaking supposedly that
was going to begin to end once John
Kelly came in we learned that it didn't
and now I think that it's it's it is
part of the culture of this White House
people people want to be able to
separate themselves from some of the
things that are going on and therefore
they take it out in public not not by
standing behind their own words but by
leaking to reporters and it's it's it is
a constant stream which continues to put
the White House in a terrible light and
situation and
Thomas now that this of course is out
there I mean what the White House seems
to have a responsibility to be held
accountable for this but they don't seem
to agree no they don't seem to agree and
I think one of the things that we were
talking about was that you know we say a
lot of uncomfortable colorful jokes in a
news room I think all of us have been
part of newsrooms where you say things
that you wouldn't necessarily want to
say in public but when they come out
publicly everyone has to answer for it
our companies have to answer for it we
have to answer for it and that's the
thing that happened here is that the
something got said it was off-color and
this White House knows it's out there
they have not actually said it didn't
happen they apparently aren't going with
that defense therefore they have to say
something and instead of us talking
about the fact that President Trump
helped get three people out of a North
Korean prison this week we're starting
this show off with talking about the
fact that they denigrated someone who is
a war hero so they're getting in front
of their own message too right Michael
Steele I have to say I've had close to a
dozen conversations with Republicans
since this happened and Republicans on
the hill who yes John McCain has I could
use some very colorful language to
describe the feelings that people have
had at various times about John McCain
and what he said or did voted for you
know he's a kind of an irascible guy you
know who one minute can be joking and
really fun and the next minute can be
essentially biting your head off in the
hallway because you've asked him what he
deems to be a stupid question
but right now the entire the entire hill
is you know thinking about this man in
the terms of this small place where they
work and really kind of lionizing the
contributions that he's made and
Republicans that I talk to are so angry
at the White House for this John McCain
has lived a life of service and I
understand that this White House is
frustrated about the leaks I understand
that they are frustrated that he doesn't
always support their agenda but he is an
American Hero he is a statesman and he
is somebody who deserves respect and at
this point this is the wrong cross to
die on this is a ridiculous position for
the White House to stick with they need
to apologize I could hear my fellow
Episcopalian ash
you wanna jump in there that was great
know there's an old rule in politics you
got to pick which hill to die on and is
this really the hill that the Trump
White House wants to take take bullets
on I think you just made a really
interesting point which is they aren't
they're not calling this fake news which
is interesting you know then so and I
think part of it is they feel that if
they apologize maybe it opens the door
to having to actually be accountable for
what they do going forward and that's a
hell of a prospect well and is this
possibly a situation John where I mean
when Trump's campaign first started
everybody thought that his criticism of
John McCain is a powa the hill that
Donald Trump died on and the lesson that
they learned out of that was actually
he's not going to die on this hill yeah
absolutely that's absolutely right
you know how you begin almost always
dictates how you finish and one of the
first you're exactly right one of the
first moments where we realize that
kryptonite didn't Gore the ordinary
political kryptonite did not work on
Donald Trump was the first McCain
comment and so in their experience they
can get away with taking shots at
establishment figures because that's
what the base loves you I suppose your
view yeah I think that's right I think
that they look at everything no matter
how sacrosanct we might see whoever
they're attacked more they're it's a war
hero in the twilight of his life
whether it's a gold star family we can
revisit that whole saga as well because
it's very similar but they don't ever
apologize as John said a few minutes ago
the culture the organization it starts
from the top Donald Trump before he was
ever in politics decided I'm not that
kind of person I'm not going to
apologize and nobody at the White House
will either and and it's true they have
were in this place now of almost
absolute tribalism in our politics and I
think that they believe that no matter
what they've said or done they're just
going to turn around weaponize it
they're going to look at this and say
the elites are trying to scold us
they're getting on their moral high
horse I think it is it is quite a
parallel to draw to that situation last
summer when you had the gold star family
the president made the condolence call
they said that he was upset and John
Kelly tried to come out and explain it
ended up exacerbating the entire thing
by attacking the congresswoman lying
about her background they just have a
hard time getting out of their own way
because the President himself
never admit that he or anybody on his
staff is wrong in that Axio sneak peek
tonight that we were talking about
earlier Jonathan Swan asked some of what
he calls the White House's most prolific
leakers and he asked them what motivates
them to do it one of the senior
officials told him that they usually
come after someone loses an internal
decision and they want to gin up some
public blowback otherwise the official
said quote you have to realize that
working here is kind of like being in a
never-ending Mexican standoff everyone
has guns leaks pointed at each other and
it's only a matter of time before
someone shoots there's rarely a peaceful
conclusion so you might as well shoot
first
Jonathan later added this nugget from a
current White House official quote to
cover my tracks I usually pay attention
to other staffers idioms and use those
in my background quotes that froze the
scent off of me Sean Thomas that first
of all that's I you know you don't want
to get blamed for something for sure but
you remember you covered the Obama
administration as well I mean how you
know we talked about how there this
White House gets angry about leaks I
mean in the Obama administration leaking
was a cardinal sin but it also didn't
happen as much and they would argue I
think that it's because people believed
in the boss and they would probably
explain the leaking in the Trump White
House as in some ways a lack of loyalty
do you think that's what's going on well
I think also the Obama White House or
people who had worked for President
Obama would say that they had each
other's backs as well they didn't feel
like they were in a to use the term that
Jonathan's wanna use Mexican standoff
that they were all in it together and
they also I think had a pretty good idea
of what the boss wanted to achieve with
specific goals and there wasn't as much
confusion about what he would want and
therefore there wasn't as much to leak
about about like internal disputes I
think there is a lot of confusion even
when the president talks and tweets we
who were publicly you know who were
publicly getting his information we
don't necessarily know what he wants and
if they don't know what he wants they
don't know who's backing him up they
don't know if they're backed up by the
people that they work with then it
creates a situation where everyone is
scared and kind of willing to talk and I
don't think I sense that with the Obama
it
administration I think there's also
possibly a sense that you can use leaked
information to influence the president
look if it gets on television right yes
you've got a president who reads news
coverage but not internal memos or
documents or goes to meetings all this
so if you're trying to achieve a policy
result the media is often the best
mechanism maybe all most people were
leaking to the ESPN or something like
that I don't know but I think so much of
this leaking has very little to do with
that that's it's it's not like these are
policy debates and people are kind of
arguing those positions this gets
personal it gets nasty it's Petty and I
think the other factor that's true about
this administration compared to many
others is that most of the people in the
White House do not have a long history
with with Donald Trump I mean most White
House's certainly in the first two years
are populated by people who had gone
through a campaign who had developed a
bond among themselves who had developed
a loyalty to the candidate and then the
president that that is absent in this
administration and in this White House
and I think that contributes to it and
we've seen 40 percent of higher turnover
already in this administration which is
unprecedented and the dysfunction the
backbiting I think is a big reason for
it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
