joining me now is a member of the House
Intelligence Committee Democratic
congressman Joaquin Castro of Texas
congressman it's great to have you back
on the show I really appreciate it
thanks for having me Casey let's start
with this battle that has been going on
with the Intelligence chairman what do
you know at this point about where this
stands we know that there have been
threats to potentially hold jeff
sessions or rod Rosenstein in contempt
of congress over all of this at the
White House seems to have agreed with
the DOJ in a rare move saying that this
would potentially compromise an
intelligence source what are you hearing
behind the scenes about where this
stands well this is usually the part
where I would say that certain things
are classified and I can't talk about
them but in this case there's we have a
situation where Devon Nunez literally
has not explained to the committee
either what he's looking for
or the reason that he's looking for this
information he did this I guess about a
week ago when all of us were back home
in our districts and since then has
never has not come in front of the
committee and laid out his case about
what this information is and why he
needs it so not only he's kept the
American people in the dark but he's
also kept the committee in the dark is
there anything you can do as Democrats
on the committee to demand that he tell
you any of these things or not really no
certainly we will and I know that Adam
Schiff a ranking member has been doing
that our committee staff have been doing
that but remember this is chairman who
has basically gone rogue from the first
time he did that midnight run sharing
information and receiving information
from the White House he's basically been
in the service of President Trump and
done everything that he can I think to
prop up the president rather than doing
what he should be doing which is being
the chairman of a committee that has
oversight over the the executive branch
congressman on another topic politics
the generic ballot there's been some
polling in the last week or so that
shows that quite frankly Democrats are
losing some ground to Republicans we had
almost started operating operating under
this assumption that it may have been a
foregone conclusion that Democrats would
take back the house but that data seems
to be a little bit difficult and our
viewers were able to see it on their
now 47% in May we're backing Democrats
in February that was 54% so a pretty
significant drop what do you attribute
that to what are Democrats doing wrong I
don't know that it's anything that
Democrats are doing wrong but I do think
that it's going to a band flow as we get
closer to November but I do think that
the there have been strong indicators
for Democrats in the special elections
that have been held at every level of
government from the congressional races
to state legislative races for example
so I still think that we're gonna have a
strong November I do think that honestly
the president is getting a bump from the
fact that North Korea seems to be
turning out in a promising way you know
it still remains to be seen whether
anything productive or historic comes
from that because remember we've been to
this point before with North Korea and
everything fell apart in 1994 and in
2005 they made promises to denuclearize
and then basically went back on those
promises they've also released American
hostages over the years and have
continued their behavior their bad
behavior after that so it is historic
that the president is meeting face to
face with Kim jong-un on June 12th and
Singapore but we'll see whether
something truly historic and meaningful
comes of this meeting so you're
essentially saying you tribute some of
this bump to to that bad story very
interesting what do you think there's
been something of a split in in among
Democrats that I'm talking to you on
exactly what it is the Democrats need to
offer their constituents in the fall
there are people who believe that
running against president Trump will
simply be enough that the anti-trump
sentiment in the country is so strong
that all you need to do is get out of
the way there are others who say no
that's not the case we have to run on a
positive economic message of some sort
where do you come down on that question
well I don't think that any political
party Republican or Democrat should only
make it about the other side yes there's
a lot of anti Trump sentiment out there
but it's not enough and really it
shouldn't be enough Democrats have to
put forward a compelling vision for the
future of this country we have to talk
about building an infrastructure of
opportunity for all Americans so that
people can achieve their American Dreams
and when I look at our candidates across
the country that's what I
I'm talking about and that's why I think
you've seen Democrats ahead in so many
races in competitive races across the
country so like I said I think that
these numbers on the generic ballot at
least will a band flow between now and
November but I'm convinced that
Democrats are going to have a very
strong November and if we do everything
that we're doing now I believe we'll
take back the house in November I also
want to follow up on something we were
talking earlier in the show with your
colleague congressman corbello who is
one of the signatories to the discharge
petition that would essentially create a
king of the hill spectacle on the House
floor if you will with immigration
related legislation including fixes for
dreamers Republicans would need 25
signatories on that but that of course
assumes that all Democrats would sign
this discharge petition do you believe
that that's an assumption that can be
made well have you talked about it in
the Democratic caucus and do you think
that all Democrats will sign that
discharge petition you're right you need
25 Republicans if all Democrats sign and
you ask a great question which is will
all Democrats get on there I think
ultimately the answer will be yes we've
had many conversations about it and it's
always tough to get every single person
person to sign on to something even
within your caucus your conference
but I think that we can get there so you
don't think this will be a situation
where there may be some Democrats who
argue hey it would be better for us in
the midterm elections if this issue was
still hanging out there no I don't think
so I think people want to resolve this
issue this issue should have been
resolved years ago you know we came
close in 2014 when the Senate passed
comprehensive immigration reform by
flying colors and then John Boehner who
was speaker at the time was basically
scared of losing his job so he didn't
put the bill on the floor for a vote
even though there were enough Democrats
and Republicans who said that they would
be supportive of comprehensive reform so
I have my sense is that people don't
want to lose a second major opportunity
and I'm hoping that Republicans can get
to their 25 if they can do that I think
you'll see every single Democrat sign on
to the discharge petition congressman
Joaquin Castro thank you very much your
time tonight I will see you on the hill
coming up this week
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
