immigration policy aimed at preserving
American jobs is instead jeopardizing
them on Maryland's Eastern Shore and
with them a beloved by me and many
others who have family who grew up in
Maryland
a beloved summer tradition in Annapolis
Maryland crab season is in full swing as
locals and tourists come to take a crack
at the famous blue crabs but 80 miles
away in Hooper's Island they click
around thousand twelve hundred pound a
day the heart of the crabbing industry
is feeling crushed this is the pickin
room as you can see it's empty the
island has been using h-2b visas to hire
crab Pickers for decades mostly from
Mexico a Trump imposed cap on the visas
and a new lottery system mean Hooper's
island is missing an estimated 40% of
their seasonal workers I got lucky
obviously my visas but it's not right
for this company to have them and the
rest of the other companies not to get
them half a mile down the road at
Russell Hall seafood Harry Phillips
can't hire enough people this is our
busiest time of this season every
restaurant wants crab meat on Mother's
Day it's going to affect us to the point
where we may have to totally close in
2016 president Trump won this district
by 14 points in part because of his
promise to help American workers and
crack down on immigration but now in
this community built around crabbing
nearly everyone is grappling with the
consequences our business is very much
suffered because of the loss of the
people here the trucks aren't running
the boats aren't working our hours are
less I voted for Trump because he was a
businessman I voted for him because
that's what I am I'm a small business
operator I just don't think Donald Trump
knows what's going on down here right
now because he's for business man you're
putting businesses out of work here as
people make for the beach prices for
crab meat are expected to spike crab
meat will be very expensive yep it sure
will because you're not going to be
enough around and the community is
asking to save American businesses and
an American tradition by protecting
migrant workers there's no Americans
that apply for it no Americans gonna do
that job I do not have
any Americans that wants to do this job
they're not like the illegal people that
are trying to sneak in you're not free
leaders they don't climb over the wall
they come here they work like six seven
months they go back home to Mexico 99%
of them still asked if they would vote
for Trump again it was a unanimous yes I
guess I probably would vote for mr.
Company now I think just needs to be
brought to mr. Trump attention is a lot
of companies that depend on these people
to come here that's got sick that have
seasonal jobs and without them we'll all
be out of business it's worth mentioning
the difficulty with the visas dates back
to the Obama administration and one more
thing according to the Baltimore Sun
congressman andy Harris says federal
immigration officials have agreed to
approve thousands more guest worker
visas but Maryland is only going to have
access to a portion of those and the
people who run the plants are saying
that it is probably not enough some
great reporting there by our intrepid
producer Kendall Brightman hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
