the Honorable the Trump Whitehouse is
once again showed us something we've
never seen before from any White House
today it was the deafening silence from
Donald Trump in his administration after
a White House official Kelly Sadler
mocked Senator John McCain's brain
cancer saying that McCain's opposition
to Trump's nominee to lead the CIA quote
doesn't matter
he's dying anyway there was strong
rejection of Kelly Sadler's comments but
not a single word of it came from Donald
Trump or the Trump White House in a
normal White House mocking a veteran
over a cancer diagnosis might get you
fired at the very least there would be a
public apology
but the Trump White House is not a
normal White House so instead we got
this gonna validate a leak one way or
the other out of an internal staff
meeting again I'm not gonna validate a
leak out of an internal staff meeting
one way or the other
gonna get into a back and forth because
you know people want to create issues of
relief leak staffing it does Kelly
Sadler storm in US White House yes
follow up on that more broadly
does the president set the tone does he
bear responsibility for the tone set
at the white house and all the surfers
who work here certainly does it I think
he has done a good job of laying out
what the priorities of the
administration are so the Trump White
House isn't denying the widely reported
comments and it's not apologizing
instead it's attacking the leak of the
story to the media former Vice President
Joe Biden had one of the strongest
reactions to all of this he released
this statement quote people have
wondered when decency would hit rock
bottom with this administration it
happened yesterday given this White
House's trail of disrespect toward John
and others this staffer is not the
exception to the rule
she's the epitome of it and quote John
McCain's daughter Megan McCain fired
back at Kelly Sadler statements this
morning on the view Kelly here's a
little news flash and this may be a bit
intense for 11 o'clock in the morning on
a Friday but we're all dying I'm dying
I'm dying
and I want to say that mom since my dad
has been diagnosed to the past it's
almost a year of July 19th mm-hmm I
really feel like I understand that
meaning of life and it is not how you
die it is how you live write whatever
you want to say in this kind of
environment the thing that surprises me
most is we I was talking about this with
you joy that we I don't understand what
kind of environment you're working in
when that would be acceptable and then
you're gonna come to work the next day
and still have a job well apparently
it's an environment set by Donald Trump
it's no secret the Donald Trump and John
McCain have a history of conflict Donald
Trump said that John McCain a man who
spent five years as a prisoner of war in
Vietnam where he was tortured regularly
is not a war hero the president who got
five deferments from Vietnam still has
not fully apologized for that statement
John McCain has stood up to Donald Trump
more than perhaps any other Republican
he turned over the infamous Trump
dossier to the FBI a decision he
reportedly describes in his upcoming
book saying quote I did what Duty
demanded I do and last summer John
McCain cast the deciding vote to defeat
the Trump bill to repeal Obamacare with
that famous hand gesture Donald Trump
apparently hasn't forgotten about that
and except for one senator who came into
a room at three o'clock in the morning
and went like that we would have had
health
we would add health care to
thank you that Steve Schmidt whom you
see a lot on this network
ran Senator John McCain's 2008
presidential campaign he knows the
senator well today on MSNBC he described
what he sees as the difference between
John McCain and Donald Trump Megan
McCain had it exactly right it's about
how you live your life and Kelley Sadler
and all the people in that White House
that are tearing down our institutions
pitting American against American
they're exactly the opposite of John
McCain he is the type of man that I
would aspire and I think any parent in
this country would aspire for their son
to be like and I don't think there's a
lot of parents out in this country today
we're saying I want my kid to grow up
like Donald Trump and one thing I know
for sure there will never be a person on
television not now and not for a
thousand eons that ever says what I just
said about John McCain of Donald Trump
that he's a great man
he's a small and vile man and that's the
difference between the two men telling
us now Jonathan alter MSNBC political
analyst and a columnist for The Daily
Beast Malcolm Nance a 20 year veteran of
the Navy who taught members of the Navy
and the Marines how to survive if
captured he's also an MSNBC
counterterrorism and intelligence
analyst and Susan Dell / CEO a
Republican strategist welcome to all
three of you thank you for being here
now I'm going to start with you because
I started with you this morning when
this was fresher news and I had people
tweeting me saying I haven't seen
Malcolm that angry yeah well last time
you saw me that angry somebody insulted
kazeer Khan and his gold star parent and
and his mother in front of me listen you
know I'm an old navy chief you know I
had a long career and I come from a very
very old military family every father
and son from the Civil War till today
including my niece who was just in
combat off of Yemen I am a chief my job
as a chief is to make sure that when I
see something that's wrong that it's
recalibrated that's the phrase we use
here and I will not stand I won't have
it
for what I heard about John McCain I've
met John McCain I have taught students
about his captivity
I read his official classified debrief
when he came out of the Hanoi Hilton I
met people including at
stockdale who everyday would who would
come over to our sere school and he
would talk about what it was like being
in the Hanoi Hilton and he loved John
McCain Doug heck doll our seer advisor
who memorized his name amongst all the
hundreds of others also said that this
man served with honor and to have them
smear him to come and actually use the
people who didn't serve people who think
it's a joke that he's dying there will
be the buildings named after John McCain
there will be monuments after John
McCain but there won't be for any of
these people and perhaps not even Donald
Trump Susan Steve Schmidt also tweeted
today he's been obviously very vocal
about this he knows John McCain better
people don't know John McCain are vocal
about this but Steve said why have no
Republican US senators step forward and
expressed their absolute effing outrage
about these attacks on an American Hero
John McCain by a White House staffer
it's despicable and the cowardice is
nauseating his point is interesting
because this is an easy one
everybody talks about John McCain you
don't have to liken people's everybody
likes John McCain's not true John McCain
engaged in debates with people very
willingly I've debated him others have
debated him but his honor is not to be
questioned and this idea that you say
that John McCain doesn't matter and
let's and what kind of spurred this on
was John McCain saying he had a policy
different right and did not want to
support the current nominee for CIA
director he's entitled to that he backed
it up it was policy it wasn't person
wasn't personal he made oh he made a
point of view exactly right what I find
amazing is how Kelly Sadler still has a
job and I don't think it should have
made its way up to the president she's a
mid-level staffer general Kelly should
have called her in dismissed her and if
he didn't this morning she should have
walked in and handed in her resignation
she's becoming on top of all of her
ignorance and and her poor judgment
she's actually becoming a problem for
this administration so she should have
been gone but you know what Donald Trump
said he was gonna hire the best out
there this is what he considers the best
this is a disgrace Jonathan to use
Malcolm's word recalibrate I don't even
know if this required a resignation it
may have required if dealt with earlier
a recalibration we're now into this
place where they're not acknowledging it
was said let alone
apologizing unforced error you could
actually perhaps have gotten away with
an apology absolutely I mean they're not
denying it so if they're not gonna deny
it then Edie's right it's important
that's white housing it denies a lot of
things right a reporter that often
turned out the truth because they know
the denial is not convincing in their
company witnesses the thing you have to
understand is that this White House has
elevated and validated shamelessness and
it started during the campaign when
Donald Trump said you know I like people
who weren't captured right and basically
really disc John McCain John McCain did
not respond and Trump got away with it
at a time when people thought he would
at least take a big hit in the polls he
didn't suffer at all the Republican
electorate didn't care and so that then
emboldened the shamelessness so then he
realized he could attack McCain despite
as being a war hero and because that
worked then he could attack him despite
his dying of cancer so you know there's
almost no point at which this man will
have any shred of decency or convey any
shred of decency in his White House the
fish rots from the head everybody in
that White House takes their cues in the
way they treat people in the disrespect
with which they treat people from the
President of the United States
Susan it's interesting because it
wouldn't be a nice thing to say about
anybody right doesn't matter because
they're dying it's it's uniquely unusual
because of the disrespect this president
has shown John McCain Nicole Wallace
always points out that you know what
what a lot of Republicans have learned
is that John McCain's can be a thorn in
people's side he has a lot of people who
respect him for taking a stand on things
and standing on his principles it's
generally speaking not a winning
strategy but Donald Trump has never
followed that rule he he picks fights
with John McCain a lot he does and again
I think Jonathan was right he doesn't
suffer for it I mean Donald Trump he
sided with white supremacists for crying
out loud and didn't take a hit for it
right
it's in John McCain you know he will
have his dignity I don't think I would
say that Donald Trump wouldn't have any
but I don't think
or he lost it but I don't think he's
ever had it and for him not for him to
continually go after Senator McCain
especially knowing he was sick this
isn't the first time he did it's not the
first time this White House did it last
night at the rally that wasn't the first
time he did it he's been doing it ever
since through a matter of fact Megan
McCain called him out on it and he kind
of said I'll hold back but this is just
again it's gone too far there's a danger
to normalizing this you know right we we
have it all served in the military we
generally think that's something we
should respect but there are people who
say look over time people don't have the
respect for it our wars go on for a long
time and we don't really you see the
names of the the Fallen published in the
newspaper from time to time this really
normalizes disrespect for the very few
things that you shouldn't disrespect it
does it absolutely normalizes disrespect
and you know to the points that they
have both made there's a reason that
we're seeing this mobbed-up attitude
from Sarah Huckabee Sanders talking
about this as an internal meeting right
and we're not going to talk about right
the leaks not really the biggest primary
it's a problem but yeah no it's not a
problem at all it's a cover for what
they're doing these are people who think
that they're playing the restaurant
scene in Goodfellas right with Joe Pesci
in and everybody and that they're the
gang who were sitting around the table
who can do what they want say what they
want insult who they want and public
ritual humiliation or a beat-down or in
their case which is you know using
Congress or using their their allies to
do that is the way that they do it this
is the bottom line they cannot cross
this line again if there's a military
person in that building especially you
know all their meals are served by Navy
chiefs and let me tell you if I had been
in that room or near that room I would
have called a dressing-down a one-way
conversation straight to their face I
don't care who else is in there because
this line of Honor look the building has
already been desecrated by these people
all right but for them to go after the
honor of a man who is not just a dying
veteran he is a real hero
read his record read the things that he
did from a five-time draft dodger I'm
sorry I wouldn't have any of it John
then there are things that this
administration would like us to follow
up on and like to report and then Donald
Trump endlessly tweets that we don't
report on things it's not true we report
on I think everything but these are the
kind of things that that take up the
headlines because they do it to
themselves it goes to character you know
I spent a lot of time with John McCain
on in 2000 and he day after day those of
us on what they called the Straight Talk
Express a small group of reporters and
it was really honestly the most fun I've
ever had
covering politics not just because he
was hugely entertaining and by the way
he did take shots at people sure he does
you know but there was a sense of
character and decency this is a guy who
got together when one of his big critics
from the Vietnam War and anti-war
activist who was broadcasting against
him from Hanoi when this man some years
later was dying John McCain went to his
bedside held his hand reconciled with
him and just the opposite of what you
know Donald Trump is doing now if Donald
Trump had a shred of character he would
say you know John McCain and I we've had
our innings we've been on opposite sides
of issues I got upset with him over
health care but this this is a great
American it would help Trump politically
to do that but he's constitutionally
girls of his own constitutional right
incapable incapable of it because he's a
person of poor character up against a
person of fine character and if you
don't respect the White House like he
doesn't respect that Oval Office how do
you expect everyone else around you to
show that same respect when the
president doesn't you know uh John
Kasich tonight had some comments on this
let's listen to them for a second the
comments by a White House staffer in
regard to John McCain were just
outrageous totally out of line and
frankly I think it's incumbent on the
White House to apologize not just for
that staffer but for all the
administration because John McCain is an
American Hero
and we need to recognize that he served
this country well and paid a very high
price
Susan Dodd John Kasich is not running as
a senator
anytime soon so it doesn't cost him
anything to say it he's a man of
character so I'm not surprised why is it
to Steve Schmidt's earlier point why is
it difficult for four Republican
senators to come out and and be really
clear about this these are his
colleagues yeah the only ones who tend
to speak up are the ones going out the
door and that's a real shame because
just like comment today there are but
they're out the door and I as a
Republican I'm so frustrated because I
want people to fight for Republican
values that's how they ran they're not
standing up to this president because of
politics that's not why you're there go
deuce be bold right lose an election but
do the right thing and they're not and
that's what's really when people say
what's happening to the Republican Party
we don't have leaders anymore because
losing support for the military of the
military for Republicans is just a that
doesn't make any sense but you know the
military is not a Praetorian Guard we do
not protect the Emperor we swear an oath
to the Constitution of the United States
I have put my life on the line for every
person in this country Republican
Democrat independent I don't care who
you are alright but you you have a right
to free speech you have a right to say
what you want but to sit in that room
either whether in the executive office
building or the or the White House and
to make a joke about that right there
she should have either been as you said
been fired on the spot I would have if
anybody was of senior rank there as I
should have said I'm sorry you can't
work in this building a building with
Washington Lincoln all of our honored
heroes who were real heroes who did not
avoid their their their duty to this
country in war all right but she's still
there and if she's there tomorrow this
is going to remain a something it's the
Republican members of Congress that I
can't get over they look us so weak and
Craven by taking this position they
think they're gonna lose votes if they
say this was wrong to say this about a
dying man they really think that they
are failing a character test of their
own thank you to all of you Jonathan
alter her Malcolm man Susan Dell Percy
okay hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
