things took on an ugly turn after stormy
Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti
challenged Rudy Guiliani to a debate on
Twitter this week responding to avenatti
today Giuliani told Business Insider
quote I don't get involved with pimps he
went on to say that the media loves to
give him that's avenatti room because he
makes these roundabout charges and they
turn out to mean nothing
Giuliana Giuliani added I wouldn't
debate him because it wouldn't be fair I
debate like really intelligent skilled
people
well join me right now is david korn
Wyson bureau chief or mother jones at
MSNBC ploy glance and author of the book
Russian roulette which is doing great on
the bestseller list Natasha Bertrand is
a staff writer at the Atlantic Charlie
Sykes as a contributing editor at the
Weekly Standard and an MSNBC contributor
and Carolyn Polly Caroline Polly C is a
federal criminal defense attorney so
much to cover where do we start well
let's start with this I'll start with
pimp because I have to wonder how ugly
this King can get Julianne using words
like a street talk like that against the
guy another lawyer these are two lawyers
fighting about the law and whether was
broken or not and he resorts to this
street talk what do you make of it
why is he getting that lovely you know I
think there's a certain and it sounds
like a big word Chris a certain amount
of arrangement and how rudy giuliani's
been reacting to politics not just to
this the case but in the last year or
two I remember during the campaign I
went up to him and asked him about
people at Trump rallies chanting lock
her up he was a former federal
prosecutor he worked in the Justice
Department I said what do you make of
that is that the way you you know people
should behave he put his face inches
from mine he turned beet red and he
starts saying she's guilty she's guilty
I really think and if you talk to people
who used to work for him they don't
worry they're worried a bit about Rudy
Giuliani he is not acting like the
rational reasonable person that some
people thought he used to be well let's
take this around because the language
thing is important in debate and how you
reduce the language that patent money
and one of my heroes said they defined
deviancy downward this talk is street
trash talk you'd have to call Natasha
and look I mean just like how Kelly
Sadler insulted John McCain we see this
kind of language trickled down from the
president and I think that one of the
really revealing comments that Rudy
Giuliani made this week was to the New
York
as Maggie Haberman which is that he
really misses being on TV he hadn't been
on TV in a while he was kind of laying
under the radar especially after the
Trump campaign ended and he missed the
attention and that's a big reason why he
says and does these things he craves it
yes he admits that he uses words like
that to get some attend well he got it
you got the wrong time charlie the wrong
kind of attention I'd say because he was
America's mayor not too long ago maybe
too long ago but this is this is the
language I mean I don't know it's a mob
movies you hear this kind of talk you
hear it everywhere in the street but you
don't expect to hear it from the
president's lawyer excuse me we keep
forgetting that he's the president's
lawyer one of his lawyers the other guys
Michael Cowen I don't know what to make
of this your thoughts it is like a mob
it is like a mob movie but you know
another another indication that Tash is
up Slee right about all of this this
tone is set by the president who has
dumbed down the the level of language
and the rhetoric and the tactics it
feels like we're on a sixth-grade
playground so off Willis Lee knew that
from the can a pretty tough it's a very
very tough neighborhood but look Rudy
Giuliani is is not articulating any sort
of a coherent legal strategy whatsoever
and what you see is basically you know a
hit of how incoherent that legal
strategy is but also how they're gonna
treat this like a back alley fight
broken bottles there they're playing it
in the in the court of public opinion
and maybe just simply hoping to throw up
so much mud so much slime that everybody
just doesn't want to pay attention they
want to look away let me let me go to
Carolina on this question before I get
to the next question let me get this one
you know they're making a big deal about
the first anniversary of this
investigation the Republicans push
whitewater which led the blow in ski for
four years and I never had it was a
Republican called the shot clock it's
now it's 24 seconds you got to give it
up nobody says that when you're
Republicans now four years was fine they
were gonna follow cling to the grave if
they could have gotten on that far and
now they say oh wait years enough who
says this enough he said Richard Nixon
who said it about Watergate took a year
and a half to get in he wished it was
only a year Watergate a year and a half
and took to get him your thoughts about
is there a shot clock as they have in
the NBA or in college basketball for for
investigators
there's not certainly I've never been
involved in a federal criminal
investigation
that lasted under a year we've seen 75
criminal charges here against 22
different defendants five guilty please
by all accounts Muller and his team are
working at a breakneck pace I mean it's
unlike anything I've ever seen before
the fact is federal criminal
investigations of this nature take a
long time Chris because they have to get
things right okay they have to pore over
documents witness interviews I mean
these things take time and to say that
you know we heard that quote that
there's no meat on the bones it's it's
absolutely ridiculous we're in fact just
getting to the meat on the bones right
now so I think it's a completely
arbitrary cutoff date maybe you know
there are some people in the American
public that feel like this is dragging
on too long but that's just probably
because they're not getting all the
information from you know the whole
notion by the way I'd like to find out
what happened to I want more information
I'm as excited as anybody to find how
this thing ends up anyway after saying
that president would decide whether to
testify before Mars prosecutors by next
Thursday rudy giuliani's today delaying
that decision quote until after the
president's summit he's using that word
now with North Korean leader Kim jong-un
next month I still we had he now tells
The Associated Press I wouldn't want to
take this his concentration of something
far far more important yeah he sounds
like Dickens there anyway thing that
I've ever done wait a minute
what is this about they wanted the race
they want this thing to go faster right
but they don't want to decide where the
testify till later and how can they can
this then anyone end and Trump's so busy
that he won't be playing golf or
tweeting this weekend I'm sure of that
he'll be studying Korean history all
weekend long I know that's what he'll be
doing according to summit you know I
think this this to do about whether
Trump testifies or not is almost besides
the point he is not a reliable witness
to even what he believed or said at any
given time what he will not give Muller
any useful information I think he can't
and there's so much that mower is
getting weather for Michael Kong records
their other testimony of things that we
had know nothing about isn't a far more
influential to possible indictments than
anything coming from Donald Trump
this it doesn't matter if Trump
testifies or not but it gives you
kidding me I'm not kidding it's like did
you ever talk to Paul Manafort about
Russia did you ever talk to Michael
Flynn about Russia you ever talk the
write down a number you've read
depositions that he's given in the past
well that'll be credible anyway it won't
be credible but it won't give him any
useful information about when he will or
when he won't or when he'll think about
it
I have a feeling this might be the old
North Vietnamese tactic of a fight and
talk at the same time lots of meetings
lots of talk well he says well he
doesn't agree to testify he just doesn't
do it it doesn't happen there's usually
filibustering this as long as they
possibly can the work but the Muller is
already writing his obstruction report
right we've already seen that reported
he's already identified four areas in
which the president has allegedly
obstructed justice and he's writing that
report and planning to release it by the
summer whether or not trump testifies so
ultimately what david says is absolutely
right he doesn't really need Trump side
of the story in order to determine that
he did obstruct just doesn't try to end
the investigation in his campaign hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
