Steve let me start with you Megan McCain
said something very wise and very
important it's not how you die it's it's
how you live and let's talk about John
McCain's life he put the uniform of the
country on when he was 17 years old and
except for the six months when he was a
congressional candidate he spent every
hour of his adult life and service to
this country and he served this country
through horrible torture and unbearable
pain and he kept faith with the country
John McCain is an imperfect man here's
many flaws he'll be the first to tell
you but he has always loved America
perfectly and he has served America
honorably I was asked a couple days ago
at something I was speaking at about who
will take John McCain's place and of
course the answer of that question is
nobody 500 years from now should America
endure there won't be another John
McCain well we'll never see anybody like
this in high public office in American
life ever again we should not fall out
of our chairs that a vile person like
Kelly Sadler works in this corrupt and
vile administration we see it every day
but when we look at why Donald Trump
isn't going to be invited to John became
funerals because of how they've lived
their lives John McCain's life was
honorable it was about service to others
it was about reconciliation we don't
talk enough about this but I was in
Vietnam a couple weeks ago and if you go
to Vietnam
the Vietnamese Revere three American
warriors they revered John Kerry they
revered John McCain and they revered
Pete Peterson a fellow POWs of John
McCain's who is the first ambassador
with diplomatic relations were restored
those three men veterans of that war but
John McCain the only John McCain
tortured repeatedly
he was an instrumental leader in the
reconciliation of our countries so that
dis generation could be friends his life
has been about decency in honor compared
to a president who's unworthy to say his
name out loud a man who was small and
vile and mean and cruel and narcissistic
a man who's a coward
a man who dodged the draft a man
profoundly unworthy unworthy enough that
he can't even understand at a conceptual
level the meaning of John McCain's life
the the virtues and the values that John
McCain stands for in his long life a
service to his country are
unextinguishable they they they light
the sky like a star to guide us to the
antidote for this vile debased corrupt
administration and so Megan McCain had
it exactly right it's about how you live
your life and Kelly Sadler and all the
people in that White House that are
tearing down our institutions pitting
American against American they're
exactly the opposite of John McCain he's
a guy that I've known well well and I
was honored to have a small role in the
giant chapter that he wrote in American
Life
there were times where he infuriated me
he raged me he inspired me
he made my he made me laugh he kicked me
in the ass when I deserved it and he put
an arm around me when I needed it I love
him very much
and despite all his flaws I'll just say
he is the greatest man I've ever known
and he is the type of man that I would
aspire and I think any parent in this
country would aspire for their son to be
like and I don't think there's a lot of
parents out in this country today we're
saying I want my kids to grow up like
Donald Trump and one thing I know for
sure there will never be a person on
television not now and not for a
thousand eons the
ever says what I just said about John
McCain of Donald Trump that he's a great
man
he's a small and vile man and that's a
difference between the two men
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
