and the Ford Motor Company is planning
to make cuts that could result in
thousands of workers losing their jobs
as part of its twenty five and a half
billion dollar reorganization Ford could
cut up to twenty four thousand
white-collar jobs across the world
according to a report from Morgan
Stanley that is 12% of Ford's global
workforce at the same time Ford CEO Jim
Hackett says president Trump's steel and
aluminum tariffs are hitting the
company's bottom line and hitting it
hard
Hackett says the tariffs have already
caused his company a total of a billion
dollars and he expects the ongoing trade
war to continue to add to their costs
last month Ford canceled plans to sell a
new focused crossover vehicle in the
United States that is because tariffs on
imports from China where the new model
is actually made make it just too
expensive to sell it in the American car
market however there is good news for
trade Auto Workers the newly
restructured trade deal between the US
Canada and Mexico includes new
protections meant to keep manufacturing
jobs in the United States if the deal is
enacted more car components
three-quarters would have to be made
here in the USA Mexico or Canada and
more of those parts would have to come
from factories that pay workers more at
least 16 bucks an hour that's good for
Auto Workers meanwhile tariffs and trade
deals are not the only thing car
companies are focused on president Trump
has delivered on corporate tax cuts to a
top rate of just 21 percent and of
course deregulation which is giving CEOs
and business leaders plenty to celebrate
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
