drained the swab
they actually chanted that last night
for the president's rally in Indiana and
it came I mean
drained the swamp came on the same day
that we learned of the swampy astray
I've ever heard of in modern American
political history and that's because the
president's personal attorney when you
learned yesterday Michael Cohen got
hired three days into the Trump
administration to help a and T on its
merger that the president said he was
going to kill and he racked up a total
of nearly three million dollars from
them and other corporate clients drained
the swamp what about all those Trump
cabinet expenses drained this swamp like
drain it with what Ben Carson's $31,000
dining set the $139,000 at Ryan's Inc II
spent on doors
let me say that again let me look let me
say that again for for those of you who
were working around the clock night and
day to try to get your kids to be able
to do better than you have done like my
parents tried to do with me like it's
our dream that we all do yeah think
about your salary and think about the
fact that Ryan's Enki spend a hundred
and thirty nine thousand dollars on
doors what about Scott Pruitt he had
luxury flights and sweetheart condo
deals from a lobbyist and don't forget
secretary uh minuchin he took a
government jet that you paid for a
government jet that your tax is paid for
along with his wife to watch the Eclipse
atop Fort Knox's
Gold stacking gold I mean drain this
swamp
what a joke and I guess this joke stops
being funny for Donald Trump who's
basically using us all for suckers and
his cabinet who are all using us all for
suckers when we actually start
investigating why a guy like Michael
Cohen who basically isn't even a
practicing law you're according to what
most court records have said and
documents have said Michael Cohen got
paid $600,000 to deal with one of the
most complicated mergers and most
significant mergers in recent history
mur mergers and acquisitions he mergers
and acquisitions lawyer no he's a street
fighter that was just a direct payoff
that was just a direct bribe and the
bigger question for AT&T
the bigger question for Time Warner the
bigger question for their stockholders
is whether this entire deal is frozen up
because there has to be an
investigations that money really go to
Cohen did it go through Cohen and go
straight into the president's pockets
where did it go did it go to pay off
other porn stars other Playboy Bunnies
where did that money go and how does any
government agency allow the AT&T merger
to go through as long as this isn't
being investigated well welcome to the
show thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up to date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
