Peter I want to show you one thing and
read you another let's let's run a clip
of what happened on Fox Business earlier
today the subject is John McCain and
torture she can't use it anymore because
it's we've determined that Congress that
it's not legal the fact is it's John
McCain it worked on John that's why they
call him songbird John the fact is is
you those methods can work and they're
effective as former Vice President
Cheney said in the hours since the host
of that hour on Fox Business has
apologized for that comment being made
on his air at all he said he couldn't
hear it live because they were talking
in his ear this is what the hill is
reporting about John McCain tonight a
White House official mocks Senator John
McCain's brain cancer diagnosis at an
internal meeting on Thursday a day after
the Arizona Republican announced his
opposition to president Trump's nominee
for CIA director Gina Haspel special
assistant Kelley Sadler made the
derisive comments during a closed-door
White House meeting of about two dozen
communication staffers on Thursday
morning quote it doesn't matter he's
dying anyway Sadler said according to a
source familiar with the remarks at the
meeting Peter I don't know what my
question is other than when did when did
when did we become this when did this
become okay to have in the public
dialogue well let's remember of course
it's not started just today it was
Donald Trump himself who said in the
2016 election campaign that he didn't
particularly think much of John McCain
he didn't think he was a war hero he
only it was a war hero because he got
captured he liked the ones who didn't
get captured he said everybody thought
at the time there's such a incendiary
comments such a seemingly offensive idea
would have been the end of Donald
Trump's campaign the idea of attacking a
prisoner of war spent five years being
tortured by the North Vietnamese that
was unthinkable well he got elected
nominee delecti got you know people
moved on so we see this happening today
the similar comments in a way and it's
it does say something about the nature
of the debate today particularly at a
moment when John McCain is being
venerated by most liberals and
like as he faces this you know challenge
to slay you know
towards the tortoise health and
presumably towards the end of his life
Jackie it's possible archaeologists will
trace the death of class to 2017 or 2018
it is also likely that Cindy McCain has
opted pure class in tweeting back at
Kelly Sadler
she says simply may I remind you my
husband has a family seven children and
five grandchildren yet Jackie here we
are having this discussion right at the
end of class and civility I'm glad you
showed the tape from fox of retired Air
Force Lieutenant General Thomas
McInerney because there's been so much
attention to Kelly Sadler the young you
know Communications staffer at the White
House that I thought that man who owes
of a age and stature that he should
really know better I mean it was just a
heinous slander that he said on the air
and which has been found to be pants on
fire false by fact checkers and as for
Kelly Sadler I don't know her and for
all this talk of her that she should be
fired
I'm little puzzled by that given that
the tone is set by the man at the top
and it's you don't have to even go back
to his campaign to comments that Trump
made against John McCain it's almost
become a staple of his appearances on
the stump these days that he will make a
comment
getting his crowd really remember that
one vote that thumbs down on the health
care bill we would have had the health
care Obamacare repeal if it not for that
one vote in the Senate and everybody
knows he's means John McCain and he
knows that they know he means John
McCain it's become sort of a laugh line
of his staple of his speeches and the
man is there in Arizona dying of cancer
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
