according to merriam-webster oleaginous
is the number one searched for word
today that means our next guest Pulitzer
Prize when he columnist George F will
sent America running to the dictionary
with the first lines of his column today
the column is entitled Trump is no
longer the worst person in government
and it begins with this Donald Trump
with his feral cunning new the
oleaginous Mike Pence with his talent
for tody ISM and appetite for obsequious
nests
Trump knew become America's most
repulsive public figure because his is
the authentic voice of today's lick
spittle Republican Party pence clarifies
this year's elections vote Republican to
ratify groveling as governing George
will documents the vice president's
groveling and his hypocrisy an example
George will writes quote Pence and his
retinue flew to Indiana for the purpose
of walking out of an Indianapolis coats
football game thereby demonstrating that
football players kneeling during the
national anthem are intolerable to
someone of Pence's refined sense of
right and wrong George will juxtaposed
that with Mike Pence's cozying up to the
convicted and Trump pardoned criminal
Joe Arpaio writing quote pence using
anxiousness from every pore called
Arpaio another favorite professed
himself honored by arpaio's presence and
praised him as a tireless champion of
the rule of law
George Will noted that that that that
Arizona speech by Mike Pence quote
occurred eight miles from the home of
Senator John McCain who could teach
pence or perhaps not something about
honor in his column George Will quoted a
speech delivered by Abraham Lincoln
after the murder of an anti-slavery
newspaper editor by a prose
Lavery mob Lincoln said there was a mob
Oh kradic spirit among the vicious
portion of the population so let
reverence for the laws become the
political religion of the nation George
will went on to say pets one of
evangelical Christians favorite pinups
Gen you flex at various altars as the
Baba Craddock spirit and the vicious
portion require George will seize an
important difference between Donald
Trump and Mike Pence Trump is what he is
and Pence is what he has chosen to be
here are the closing lines of George
wills column Trump is what he is a
floundering inarticulate jumble of
gnawing insecurities and not at all
compensating vanities which is pathetic
pence is what he has chosen to be which
is horrifying
George F will will join us next tonight
in Indiana the president and vice
president said this we support law and
order and we support the heroes in law
enforcement they're great president
Trump promised to stand with those who
serve on the thin blue line of law
enforcement
joining us now George F will he is a
Pulitzer Prize winning journalist in the
Washington Post and an MSNBC political
analyst and George it was so striking to
hear the President and Vice President
say that tonight when this president
spends what history might show ends up
being a majority of his days attacking
the FBI which I believe is in the
business of law enforcement it is but
the president has an almost cheerful
disregard of contradictions if you just
keep saying things people will not
notice and your point about to to borrow
a phrase from another setting Donald
Trump seems to have been born
this way but Mike Pence has made a
choice well Donald Trump is an open book
has been reading himself to the country
for 30 years there are just no mysteries
left and he is this as I said this
jumble of insecurities and partially or
not of all really compensating vanities
he's a kind of mistake of nature and and
he is what he is but mr. pence who has
signed on to this you know the vice
presidency is not an office that does
well has a high dignity quotient at the
best of times but to sign on for this
and to go out to Phoenix and to praise
our pile just pronounced himself honored
this wouldn't be so bad if mr. pence
were not the darling of the evangelicals
mr. pence is a kind of combination
between Elmer Gantry and Uriah Heep
Uriah Heep is the Dickens character is
forever pronouncing himself humbled
about this and so very humble about that
if you're going to be as mr. pence has
decided to be conspicuously pious and
conspicuously moral then you have to
watch where you're planting your feet
because their minds all over the ground
and George I you set the country rushing
to the dictionary today created the most
searched-for word and so I would like
you to define oleaginous for the
audience and tell them why you chose
that one for Mike Pence oily it's in one
word that's kind of word but I would use
a word and my children who were in the
college application business said it's
an SAT word look it up
yes and I'm glad to see that the country
did this today
well it means oily kind of greasy sort
of just too smooth for comfort again the
sense that when fears that mr. pence by
now is surface all the way through
and it's not a pretty picture again this
he has he has signed on for this when he
first began to sign all the mr. Trump
used to always just find miss Trump as
this good man what would a bad man look
like you've watched Mike Pence certainly
since his congressional career are you
surprised
I am surprised he was a congressman of
conspicuous bravery on occasions voted
against in spite of astonishing pressure
he voted against the Medicare Part D
because it was unfunded and this was a
good conservative principle he stood up
for I oppose No Child Left Behind
because he thought that this was federal
intrusion on the quintessential state
and local responsibility he was in short
a person of discernible ideology well he
said goodbye to all that and he's now
going to do whatever the audience in
front of him wants and expects to have
done which is why it was so shocking
what he did in Arizona with our piyo
because when he said I'm honored to have
our piyo here he was really saying look
politics now is entirely tribal our
tribe has our piyo on its side therefore
I'm on our piyo side and it's very very
dispiriting George F will thank you for
sending the country once again to the
dictionary for an SAT word and thank you
very much for joining us tonight
glad to be with you hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
