what do you make of the president using
last night's swearing-in ceremony really
as a political event to call out
Democrats I mean this has been his
strategy over the last week and a half
and while I can call for decency and
civility all day long I'm not the
president and I'm not running for office
and this tactic that the president used
over the last week did change the tide
for Brett Kavanaugh absolutely I think
what you are going to see what we saw
last night is what you are going to see
for the next 28 days listen the
president is trying to keep this anger
this resentment out in into the public
and say this is what you why you need to
vote this is what you need to get
excited about this midterm Republicans
have had a very very hard time in terms
of getting voter enthusiasm this is the
one thing where they've seen a little
bit of a blip on that and I think the
president is going to try to harness all
of that energy for the next 28 days
which is going to be very tough listen
it's hard in this news environment to
keep within energy and excitement in one
issue for 24 hours 40 hours much less 28
days Congressman Brett Cavanaugh said
last night he wants to be impartial he
wants to be fair he holds no resentment
or ill-will and he wants to turn the
page let's assume we take him at his
word can he do that with the president
hanging on to this a name checking
Kavanagh at every possible rally from
here to Timbuktu well I think that
justice Kavanagh can do that he does
have a judicial record that demonstrates
impartiality and objectivity at the same
point in time the president's going to
say what the president's going to say I
can tell you as a Republican member of
Congress sometimes I don't like what he
says and it gets in the way of things
that I would like to talk about and he's
going to continue to do that so we have
to I think be mindful the fact that
there are some Republicans that wish he
was saying something different but he's
not at times but he's not at times and
Eddie doesn't work for him because while
moderate Republicans might be focused on
policies and wish that the president
would silence himself that noise he
makes at rallies works for his base and
if you combine the two those who like
unemployment at three point seven
percent or who feel that tough talk on
trade in the long term will help they're
willing to support the president
so will his bass think about yesterday I
want to share the sound from it now that
the president is portraying Democrats
and protesters as the mob if we
legitimize this process the rule of law
gave away to the mob rule the resistance
that has existed since the day after the
November 16 2016 election is centered
right here on Capitol Hill they have
encouraged mob rule the mob descended on
Capitol Hill and tried to intimidate our
members you don't hand matches to an
arsonist and you don't give power to an
angry left-wing mob and that's what
they've become and you don't hand
matches to someone with a tiki torch but
I didn't see such aggressive talk about
the protesters or excuse me the rioters
we saw in Charlottesville a year ago but
what's your take how did Democrats
handle this because in the last week the
president is is making hand this well I
think the Democrats need to be
aggressive in responding to this what is
aggressive look I think it looks like an
ad this just says that the Republican
Party is the party of lies and then just
simply a montage of every lie from the
state level to the to the local level
from the local level to the state level
to the national level and just kind of
month just show how they're lying here
you have the Republican Party talking
about their the rule of law where's Ben
the rule of law with regards to all of
the Moller investigation where's the
rule of law with regards to emoluments
where's the rule of law with regards to
trunk generally and then to call them
mobs and see if we weren't remember the
coverage of the Tea Party protests
against Obamacare did any of the
Senators get spit on yeah where anybody
was where the protesters walking around
with ar-15s were their posters talking
about you know McConnell with presenting
racist images of McConnell or or or a
Cornyn or cork or Trump so the idea of
folk on the Left protesting exercising
their democratic rights somehow being an
example of breaking the rule of law when
you have people who were protesting many
people thought they were astroturf
protest as well
right protesting Obamacare and then to
kind of have these very different
reactions what you see here is brazen
hypocrisy Stephanie and what the
Democrats need to do is to call them for
who call them what they are who studies
this the average American looking at all
of this do they view all of it as just
hyper partisanship or are they able to
factually delineate things as Eddie is
doing here I don't believe there's
factual delineation going on between the
base of both parties I will say this I
believe that when Republicans right now
are talking about the rule of law the
frustration during the Cavanaugh debate
was there was a presumption of guilt so
that that's where I think that the rule
of law but the president has been
speaking about over the past day comes
from and I would also say that showing
up at elected officials houses death
threats no matter whether you're
Republican or Democrat is just plain
wrong right some of what you said I
think is is very well taken some of it
though I do think is a reflection of the
president pushing back on the on the
left base which just fuels and energizes
the conservative but congressman you
could we could all say some of these
protesters have taken it too far to
these people's homes or restaurants but
the president ignites it when you see
the president say things like this or
when I look at John Cornyn's tweets
making light of Brett Kavanaugh and his
drinking days I wonder why would our
leaders stoop to such a level
wouldn't it been my tweet I wouldn't
tweeted that I would say again and I
take issue with sometimes what the
president says and does but a lot of
Republicans feel that last week was
Democrats on the attack and Republicans
had to sit there and didn't say anything
that's telling women women walking the
halls of Congress telling their stories
about sexual assault H is an attack
though they should they should left or
I'm sorry congressman or Donald Trump in
Chicago urging stop and frisk which
doesn't sound like due process to me
right what I'm six the Republicans have
have engaged what I in what I call a
rhetorical pincer rules
on the one hand you guys revel in the
spoils of victory in the exercise of
power and then as soon as people call
you to the carpet
suddenly you clutch your pearls and cry
you keep it Eddie whether it's justified
or not is that a winning political
strategy the base the Republican base is
animated right now the question is
whether it's sustained I mean the notion
that somehow the left needs to get more
energized I think that it's we're
already already going over the the
thermometers but I will say this
going through the halls of Congress and
letting folks know that something
happened to you totally agree with that
screaming and yelling and banging on
doors and some of the other stuff that
went on was wasn't was over the top and
I think that the president is using that
for political advantage eyes maybe the
left should spend more time strategize
Anna do you believe the Canada Cavanaugh
confirmation energizes one side more
than the other because it's clear both
sides are pretty fired up and that is
very true I think the one thing to
really watch though is going to be women
Republicans were already very concerned
about particularly white suburban women
in a lot of these House districts that
are looking not very good for them right
now that are that the Republicans feel
like they could lose the house and is
this going to be an issue is the
president bringing up Cavanaugh and
totally disregarding what a lot of
victims and women that have have faced
sexual assault and their own life feel
like they aren't to be believed ever is
that going to be an animating force into
on college campuses and among suburban
white women if it is I think Republicans
could be in trouble
we also learned in the last election
women don't vote in a bloc
52% of white women did support President
Trump after the access hollywood take
after you know he behaved as he always
does so are we not even thinking women
aren't going to stand for it they didn't
just not stand for it last time around a
lot of them voted for it listen I think
all of these we give any block whether
any ethnicity any you know regional you
can't look at it exactly like that we
talked about it in those terms because
it's a little bit easier to explain
things but clearly I think what you are
seeing right now is Democrats trying to
really work very hard to get women in
particular who
there is this movement the me2 movement
that is kind of broader than just the
east and the west coast that it does
also impact the middle of the country in
some of those states whether it's
Wisconsin Ohio Pennsylvania and try to
see if they can use that to fuel and get
more Democrats in office hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
