while the president's personal lawyer
coming under more scrutiny for several
high valuing consulting deals documents
reviewed by NBC News detail millions of
dollars in payments to an account opened
by president Trump's fixer his lawyer
Michael Cohen Cohen opened a First
Republic Bank account three weeks before
mr. Trump was elected president he used
the account to pay stormy Daniels
130,000 bucks just before the election
that bank account is now linked to a
limited liability company or an LLC set
up by Cohen called essential consultants
also set up just ahead of the 2016
election according to a report released
by stormy Daniels lawyer Michael
avenatti the account hosted transactions
totaling more than 4.4 million bucks so
where'd all that money come from
according to the documents half a
million dollars came from management
firm Columbus Nova over eight
transactions through August of 2017 a
company that registered several
alt-right domain names during the
election according to the Washington
Post it is unclear if the site's ever
hosted content and Columbus Nova is
allegedly linked to a very very wealthy
Russian oligarch named Victor Vekselberg
and remember all oligarchs are tied to
Vladimir Putin in a statement the firm
said it is owned and controlled by
Americans and that's true
the firm's American CEO is the cousin of
that wealthy Russian the firm denies
that Vekselberg was involved in hiring
Cohen or sending funds Vekselberg by the
way one of the richest guys in Russia
and one of the Oleg arcs sanctioned by
the US government just last month before
benefiting from Russian government
activities including attempts to subvert
Western democracies and that guy was at
the inauguration earlier this year he
was searched and questioned by agents
working for Special Counsel Bob Muller
after getting off a private plane in the
New York area according to the New York
Times we should note he has not been
accused of any wrongdoing in either the
Muller investigation or the federal
investigation of Michael Cohen Cohen's
essential consultants account also got
150 grand
from Korea aerospace industries in
November of 2017 according to the
documents the New York Times reports the
company partnered with Lockheed Martin
trying to win a several billion dollar
contract with the US Air Force Korea
aerospace industries said in a statement
Cohen's company was hired for legal
consulting concerning accounting how
does a guy who is happy to be compared
to a fixer a guy who pays off porn stars
and playmates for the president is hired
by Korean Air for accounting consulting
hmm Novartis investments a subsidiary of
the pharmaceutical giant released a
statement on Wednesday detailing
payments of a hundred thousand bucks a
month for a year that's 1.2 million
dollars total the company said it met
with Cohen right after signing the
agreement and even thought even though
it determined Cohen would quote be
unable to provide the services they
anticipated
they can only terminate the contract for
cause meaning they paid Cohen a hundred
grand a month even though he could not
offer them any usable services how do
Novartis employees and shareholders feel
about that a senior company official
tells NBC News Cohen contacted the drug
company promising access to the
administration the official also noted
special counsel Bob Muller had requested
information about the interaction and
check this one out
AT&T AT&T paid Cohen upwards of 200
grand over for payments AT&T said it
worked with Cohen's company to quote
provide insights into understanding the
new administration AT&T is currently
involved of course in an antitrust suit
with the Trump Justice Department trying
to merge in a multi-billion dollar
transaction with Time Warner ATT denies
Cohen did any legal work or lobbying on
their behalf a Treasury official tells
NBC News the Department's inspector
general is looking into whether
suspicious activity reports filed by
Cohen's bank were improperly
disseminated meaning that apartment
wants to know how in the world
Aven adi got their show in a letter to
judge Kimbell would Cohen's lawyers did
several foreign transactions listed in
the documents this is important
contending they're from a different guy
named Michael Cohen the points they
don't contest involve domestic companies
including 18t Novartis but claim the
documents deliberately distort the
information district point which we'll
discuss it's a really important point
why thousand marks and out of all that
money seems to be some from something
Michael Cohen or to Michael something to
Michael Cohen in Toronto but even if
that amount of money is de minimis
Michael avenatti is not a reporter he
has a lawyer representing story daniels
who has to appear before Kimball wood
who might say enough of these reindeer
games tighten up your media game show me
what you're trying to do here sir Daniel
Goldman is the former US Attorney for
the Southern District of New York here
in Manhattan he's joining us to make
sense of it yeah no this this doesn't
pass any smell tests what to so ever it
seems unethical on a number of levels
but it is anything you've heard illegal
these companies giving Michael Cohen's
company essential consultants money for
insight accesses consultants works lazy
but it is so we don't there's no there's
not enough information now to determine
whether anything is illegal or not there
is a some people have called it a
loophole I'm not sure it's a full
loophole but there is a very lenient
standard to allow this kind of business
consulting political influencing to
happen that still stays on the right
side of the law but it's this type of
conduct that coined the term draining
the swamp which is exactly what
President Trump promised he looking for
a merger that the that Trump said during
the campaign he would never allow to go
through and then they pay hundreds of
thousands of dollars to Trump's personal
lawyer who apparently started up a
company weeks before the election Kinsey
consultants here they're they're hiring
Donald Trump's fixer lawyer let me play
devil's advocate because Michael Cohen
when Trump came in to the this
administration he was the most
unconventional candidate ever no one
knew how he would handle things he
didn't have a fulsome staff to begin
with right
so if you're a company trying to
understand what regulation is coming
how are you gonna get insight on what
happens and what we have seen over the
last 16 months is that Trump is
impulsive and he does things contrary to
what his administration recommends so
I'm playing devil's advocate and say
maybe this is not a terrible way to just
understand the mentality of Donald Trump
so you can put let's put a tea and
Novartis to the side right that one
because they maybe they really because I
buy this argument these companies don't
know how to speak Trump Anil right I'm a
little concerned that their legal
departments didn't do basic due
diligence say this isn't really a
company and come on what is four cause
other than not delivering any service
sites so but that's an issue okay so
about that to the side let's put that to
the side now we have Korea air aerospace
international trying to get a deal which
they're trying to get a deal and there's
the problem you start to see what these
is their explanations beg more questions
so they were using Michael Cohen for
accounting what we know about Michael
Cohen's legal career which is somewhat
limited I think is that he has no
knowledge of account right so that's
suspicious on its face and then you go
to Columbus Nova and this is a an
investment firm that's saying they're
looking at Michael Cohen for investment
opportunities and ventures that doesn't
I mean what's a multi-million dispair
HAP's billion-dollar invest sufficiently
infer information we're trying to source
investors from Michael Cohen because
they're not even admitting that they're
looking for some insight into Trump that
makes me as a former prosecutor raise my
my nose in there and think to myself
wait wait a minute that doesn't pass the
smell test
so then you start looking further and
you see oh there's a connection to a
Russian oligarch and that's why how you
start to travel down the road and try to
trust the path back to Russia is because
it doesn't make sense the explanation
they're giving so what might make sense
oh there's a Russian oligarch here and
then but that's where the prosecutors
are gonna have to go further Daniel yes
or no yeah do you believe Donald Trump
knew that Michael Cohen was running this
whole side business
I don't know I don't know anymore I
don't know Daniel thank you Daniel
Goldman you said you think he was
running a separate operation that the
least interesting thing about Michael
Cohen's essential consultants that had
an account at First Republic Bank was
$130,000 payment to stormy Daniels like
this has become a sideshow now it's
fascinating to me
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
