it's time for money power politics today
we're talking tariffs and the effect
they could be having an American car
maker Ford the tariffs have already cost
the company a billion bucks and the
white-collar workforce is also expected
to take a hit a recent report by Morgan
Stanley estimates a reduction of roughly
twelve percent or 24,000 jobs at Ford
Ben white my dear friend chief economic
correspondent for Politico and host of
the political money podcast also a CNBC
contributor Eric Ben Ford says the cuts
are part of the company's twenty five
billion dollar reorganization that has
already was already being implemented
what do you make of all this well the
tariffs certainly aren't helping the
steel of aluminium Terrace caughte
costing Ford around a billion dollars in
profits the Chinese retaliatory tariffs
are also a big problem for Ford and for
other car companies China is the biggest
auto market now that US companies want
to sell cars into if you've got twenty
five percent tariffs retaliatory tariffs
it becomes a lot harder to sell your
cars into China that could ultimately
lead to workforce reductions across the
auto industry in the United States it
also means that you know US car
companies that wanted to build cars in
China are not going to do that but
they're not going to bring it back to
the United States that's Trump's big
point we're gonna force companies to
build in the US they're just not gonna
build those cars it's not a matter of
building them in the US because they
can't do that and make a profit but we
know automation was already happening we
know that or could it be that people are
or not could it be we know that people
are buying new cars with less frequency
and it's not just Ford Toyota Nissan
Honda they've all reported declining car
sales so can we really point the layoffs
on tariffs or can some of it be people
are buying less cars this is a bigger
story than just Trump and tariffs it is
a real reorganization in the auto
industry people are certainly buying
less passenger cars are buying SUVs
light trucks much more so than they are
you know your old sedans and there is
much automation eyes and they're
optimizing so let's not put all the
blame on Trump for what's happening in
the auto industry and changes but the
fact remains that they are going to be
less profitable they're gonna be less
agile if these tariffs are in place and
they're less able to sell into other
markets and if their inputs are more
expensive 25 percent on aluminum 10
percent on steel this is the stuff
that people make cars out of costs are
going up does that directly lead to
immediate layoffs not necessarily but it
means less profitability and you're not
gonna hire as many people if it costs
you more to make cars are Trump's
entities are Trump's are tariffs the
issue or short short termism the issue
because you can put forward aside when
you talk to Fortune 100 CEOs across the
board they're very positive on trunk
policies whether it's the tax cuts or
deregulation but they're living in a
short-term world just like President
Trump is they have got to come up with
quarterly results they've got Wall
Street analysts to worry about so even
if deregulation helps them in the
short-term they're not thinking about
long term problems because they don't
have that luxury that's true and this is
the larger question about should we
focus on quarterly earning so much the
big you know warren buffett bloomberg
others who said we should move to you
know every six months he owes don't want
to knows yes some CEOs don't want to
because their bonuses are tied to the
performance by quarter and the stock
price and all of that but short-termism
is a problem but one of the issues
around Trump is not just the tariffs
it's the question of where does it trade
more and where does the confrontation
with China and how if you're a CEO do
you plan for the next quarter in the
next year if you don't know what your
costs are if you don't know where you're
going to be able to sell your product
and what tariffs you're gonna face so
they have a problem in terms of
certainty there is a lack of it they
love the tax they had a problem with
uncertainty in the Obama administration
the regulatory overhang that they faced
with Obama they were unwilling to invest
and spend because they didn't know what
was coming yes and while they might not
know where the trade war is going to end
they did get some level of confidence
with last week's whatever you want to
call NAFTA 2.0 yeah no there's no
question they got some of that but you
know the idea that NAFTA was ever on the
table they didn't need to have that it
didn't need to be on the table but let's
be honest about it yes the Obama
administration was not hugely
pro-business there was more business
confidence now that like a lot of what
you talked about the tax cuts and the
deregulation but they want more than
that they want to know what trade policy
is that's the big overhang for a lot of
companies right now things better than
they are if we didn't have all of that
so some positives from Trump but some
real concern about the future we should
always remind our audience all that
money that President Trump repatriated
from corporate America President Obama
also wanted to
do that he was blocked hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
