okay so we uh I guess I just mentioned
this Monica Lewinsky tweet figure would
just go forward with that so she tweeted
it's very interesting dear world
please don't invite me to an event
especially one about social change and
then after I've accepted uninvite me
because Bill Clinton then decided to
attend was invited its 2018 Emily Post
would def not approve me this is about a
town in country event town and country
at least to Huffington Post's request
did not immediately respond but
apparently President Clinton attended he
introduced Emma Gonzales and advocate
for gun control but Monica Lewinsky is
claiming that she was disinvited Casey
because Bill Clinton was coming does
that happen in this day is she right I'm
think she's right if that happened does
it happen in this day and age clearly it
happens to them in this day and age but
yeah especially if you're talking about
social change I mean you know we've it's
been a painful revisiting you know what
and we've talked a lot on the show about
you know what happened to her in the
wake of everything that played out in
the White House the way she was you know
kind of villainized and she was the one
who shoved aside in favor of him so yeah
I mean next time I mean maybe he just
double check your guest list like
perhaps how about a Viper
and don't invite those two names should
be on the same you're doing a vent show
on social change Bill Clinton's not your
guest yeah I mean and if he is well and
you have Monica Lewinsky on the guest
list also you don't disinvite her and
willie Geist you look over the past 20
years and see what a remarkable
transformation we've seen in how the
public most of the public actually looks
at Monica Lewinsky she went from being a
late-night punchline to to being as she
said in her TED talk sort of at Ground
Zero for online harassment and and hate
she's carried herself starting with at
the Vanity Fair profile she's carried
herself with such dignity over
years through an extraordinary
extraordinary difficult time and you
would think that whoever invited her
would have been proud to have her at the
event and if Bill Clinton wanted to come
well that was his call but you know he
certainly shouldn't be dis inviting this
lighting yeah I haven't seen a comment
from Town & Country about it the Clinton
camp did say they didn't know anything
about this he was invited to the event
he appeared at the event he had no role
in in suggesting that Monica Lewinsky
not be there but apparently Monica
Lewinsky says she was disinvited but
yeah I don't think any of us or anyone
in this earth can imagine what Monica
Lewinsky has lived with since she was a
kid in her early 20s and she's done a
lot of good with it especially in the
last decade or so when she's decided to
to use her voice and to use her name and
use her experience for good in leading
this anti-bullying campaign so I hope we
hope we get to the bottom of what
happened here she was 22 and here we are
20 years later and it is still Monica
Lewinsky who is paying the price for
that relationship there were two of them
in that relationship who's paid the
price
consistently and the fact that she gets
invited to something and if this is
correct gets disinvited because of Bill
Clinton on an issue of social change and
actually tweeted again afterwards this
is exactly what we are fighting against
our town and country should be ashamed
of themselves they made the decision to
make her pay the price once again and
not him Wow
Joe my and and mica this is something
that you've been talking about for years
you've been talking about this since I
first met you over a decade ago how
shameful it was that Bill Clinton was
worshipped by polite society worshiped
yep I let let's say let's use that word
again let's say that word again
Bill Clinton worshiped by polite society
while Monica Lewinsky who I guess you
knew her family in Washington Monica
Lewinsky was pushed to the shadows and
and and with some sort of joke because
she was let's put this in proper
perspective now that we have kids
she was at the time first of all eight
years younger than my oldest son now she
is the age of your oldest daughter right
now and she got hit on in the White
House as an intern by a 50-something
president of the United States and 20
years later she's the one that still has
to hide her head in shame
according to Town and Country or whoever
it was that disinvited her what what
joke and what is wrong with women who
continue to be sort of falling all over
Bill Clinton to this day it's incredible
and it's the hypocrisy that is the
reason we have Trump people have always
been mad about that and we just haven't
gotten it I don't know why thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
