we will drain the swamp according to a
new report the Trump swamp is now
crawling with at least 187 former
lobbyists who have been appointed to
positions inside the Trump government
and thousands of lobbyists outside of
the Trump government profiting from the
Trump swamp including huge profit ears
like Michael Cohen who never registered
as a lobbyist but was in effect being
paid as a lobbyist of some sort by giant
international corporations when fired
Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski
set up the lobbying shop in Washington
his partner told a reporter that they
had more clients than they could handle
and they had to turn some away and
President Trump is constantly creating
new openings for lobbyists like
threatening tariffs that lobbyists then
try to get exemptions from for companies
and countries the same thing is
happening now with the president's
threat to reimpose sanctions on
companies doing business with Iran that
just means hundreds of millions of
dollars in lobbying fees will be paid by
companies that will then be exempted
from the Trump sanctions which might
never be imposed on any company once the
lobbyists go to work in a new report
from The Wall Street Journal Michael
Cohen helped a law firm recruit a
corporate client with ties to Jared
Krishna's family company among five
clients mr. Cohen delivered to Squire
patton boggs before the firm terminated
the contract with him in early March was
US Immigration Fund LLC which last year
organized a trip to China for several
Kushner company officials including mr.
Kushner's sister Nicole Meyer to seek
investors for commercial and residential
towers in Jersey City New Jersey in
exchange for residency visas that would
allow the Chinese investors to live in
the United States joining us now
David from a senior editor for the
Atlantic and author of Trump Achra see
the corruption of the American Republic
and Matt Miller
the former spokesman for attorney
general eric holder and an MSNBC
contributor and david from the michael
cohen saga is but one window into what
has truly become an unprecedented size
swamp that the trump swamp now is well
lawrence the question i think you have
been asking for the past half hour and
that rachel was asking for the hour
before that is a variant of you know an
episode from the old Sopranos show many
people have remarked about how much
Michael Cohen looks like he's a
performer from that show you'll remember
if you watch the performance Sopranos
the thing that got you into most trouble
that might get you dead was not kicking
up you got the fat envelope full of cash
you took your little piece of it and
then you delivered the thicker part of
the envelope to the next ranking person
in the organization and I think that's
the thing everyone is struggling with is
Donald Trump notoriously hates people
making up money off him without sharing
Michael Cohen made a lot of money very
fast
did he kick up and that's exactly what
Michael avenatti has been suggesting in
our discussions is that the possibility
that there might be a very dark answer
to that Matt Miller here's a president
who creates opportunities for lobbyists
unlike anything we've ever seen
including when he apparently randomly
decides to attack a particular company
on Twitter for whatever it's perfectly
legal business in what is within the
United States what happens to the
lobbying bills for that company the day
the president launches a Twitter attack
on that company yeah that's exactly
right Lawrence I mean if you look at
Michael Cohen's sudden influx of
business I think you have to go back and
remember what was happening during the
transition the president was randomly
attacking companies like GM like Ford
like Toyota and every time that happened
all of these companies were scrambling
trying to figure out what to do in
response and other companies every major
company in America was trying to figure
out what to what to do to head that off
and in the middle of that Michael Cohen
comes calling cold calling CEOs cold
called the Novartis CEO and offers you
know what is essentially a protection
racket I will introduce you to people in
the Trump world I will show you how this
world works
think you know there is the the classic
old-time influence-peddling where you're
just trying to you know to make some
introductions and then there's this new
you know new era of the Trump world
where you have a president who is out
bullying companies in public and you
have someone offering you know which
abuse The Sopranos analogy coming in
saying if you want these attacks to go
away hire me I'm someone that can show
you how to do it let's listen what
Eric's wall well told Ari Melbourne
today just like most Trump family
members or Trump employees or Trump
campaign team members you know any tree
that you shake in this Trump forest a
Russian falls out the president is in a
position where he and his lawyer are
deceiving the American people and a
president who lies as a president who is
weak and David Frum here we see in the
Michael avenatti massive flows of money
of course standing behind one big pot is
a Russian oligarch right and we have we
have discovered thanks to the amazing
reporting of daring David Farenthold
that beginning in about 2006 the Trump
Organization suddenly seemed to have a
lot of cash to spend and just but they
spent it in weirdly unwise ways on on
money losing golf courses and that there
is this larger question of where do
these flows of very large sums of money
into the Trump Organization come from
and we think we shake the tree and we
think we know the answer Matt Miller in
terms of what we're seeing
Michael avenatti on earth every other
week it seems there's something kind of
extraordinary coming from him who's
feeding off who here is is avenatti
working off of what appear to be fruits
of federal investigations or is he
feeding federal investigations I think
it's probably a little bit of both we
know that he's been cooperating with the
investigation in the Southern District
of New York looking into potential
campaign violent finance violations he
said that publicly but it does appear to
that the release that he made yesterday
was probably the result of an internal
federal investigation I would suspect
from the Treasury Department possible
possibly leak
the Justice Department but most likely a
leak from the Treasury Department and it
does need you to ask the question are
there other people gonna come forward if
someone did leak that that would be you
know an inappropriate act and someone
will probably have to pay the
consequence for it but there are other
people whistleblowers either in the
private sector or in the public sector
who might look at Michael AB avenatti
now is someone who's out taking on the
President and say this is someone I can
bring information to he will take it
public he's not afraid to back down and
someone I can share you know damaging
information and make sure it gets in the
right hands David Frum one thing I've
learned about Michael avenatti is he
always knows more than what he tells us
in any given round and you can actually
feel it when you sit here with him he's
talking to you last night he was very
clear about having information about
where the money went
last night's discussion in today's
discussion with him has been the money
that has come in to Michael Cohen he
definitely seems to know something about
where the money went and he has in
effect promised that that's the next
chapter of this story for him well I've
been worrying for a long time worrying
instead of hoping to the United States
government isn't the grip of what you
might call an autoimmune disorder all
through the government there are people
who are seeing things that are not
appropriate for president of the United
States to do worse than not appropriate
and and what do they do about that well
many of them as you know as we've been
suggesting here they are doing things
that aren't appropriate for them because
the system is reacting to this alien
intrusion of something that's never seen
before and it's shedding information in
directions where it thinks it can do
some good for self protective purposes
there are large there's some enduring
systemic ethnic ethical and
institutional questions how do you carry
on the government if people develop
these habits of leaking in order to
protect the country from leaders who
they see as improper Matt Miller as I
say it does sound like the next chapter
from Michael avenatti at some point in
the next couple of weeks is going to be
where that money went and he is strongly
suggesting it didn't all go to Michael
Cohen look whoever provided him the
information about about Michael Cohen's
bank accounts clearly was able to see
what
was coming into the bank account there's
no reason to think that they wouldn't
also be able to see where that money was
going to when it left his bank account
whether it was going to finance his
other businesses or whether it was going
to you know someone else in the Trump
Organization in the Trump world maybe
even the President himself there's no
reason to think that the people that
leaked that information to him stopped
there and don't have the second shoe
ready to drop Matt Miller and David
Fromm thank you both for joining our
discussion tonight appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
