joining us once again is Michael
avenatti he's the attorney for stormy
Daniels
he released a seven-page document about
Michael Cohen's bank records yesterday
Mr avenatti where did you get this
information about Michael Cohen's bank
records well just like journalists don't
disclose their sources attorneys are not
required to disclose theirs either it's
covered by the work product doctrine and
we're not going to disclose where we got
the information but again it's 99 point
I think it's three five percent accurate
so we have standby and can you may dodge
this as well but was the source of some
of this information suspicious activity
reports we know that the reason I'm
asking is because we know that mr.
Cohen's one bank that was associated
that he used for some of these
transactions did file suspicious
activity reports related to his
transactions that's been reported in in
public source documents is those
suspicious activity reports part of how
you got this information again I'm gonna
go back to the answer that I provided
and that is we're not going to disclose
the source of the information except to
say that it's accurate very accurate and
the Wall Street Journal you raise a good
point and you had the article earlier
Rachel The Wall Street Journal reported
in early March that a SAR had been filed
by First Republic Bank a suspicious
activity report had been sent to the
Treasury Department in connection with
the account that we've been talking
about okay I will tell you we've since
learned it wasn't one SAR it was three
source that had been submitted that
Treasury Department we have been
actively pursuing those czars and have
been demanding that they be released
publicly to the public so that they can
see what is contained within them so
that they can make their own
determinations now normally czars are
confidential and the reason why they're
confidential is because you don't want
to tip off the target of the SAR in this
instance the target of the SAR or SARS
would be Michael Cohen well guess what
when the Wall Street Journal did their
article the first week of March Michael
Cohen obviously became aware that at
least once our had been filed so that as
of today there's no need to keep these
SARS confidential the Treasury
Department mr. Trump's Treasury
Department has no reason to keep these
from the American people they should
submit them to the American people they
should disclose them and people can
judge for themselves as to
information in them together with the
bank records and let the chips fall
where they may and guess what if our
percentage is lower than ninety nine
point three five percent then I'll come
back on your show and I'll take those
bullets but guess what I believe that
it's gonna check out and I think America
the American people are gonna be very
upset about what they learn relating to
not just these monies but additional
monies that were taken by Michael Cohen
during this time period and where that
money went
we're talking about millions of dollars
Rachel when you keep raising the
prospect of where the money went and
you've said that you have more
information that you haven't yet
disclosed do you have information about
where the money yet went and you just
haven't let us know about it yet or are
you wondering where you are you are you
wondering aloud what you don't have a
complete picture as to where the money
went we certainly have more information
as to where the money went we're not
going to disclose it now but again
tonight Michael Cohen is attorney can
just release the bank statements and
they can prove us wrong
do you believe or do you have reason to
suspect evidentiary reason to suspect
that President Trump or the Trump
Organization was involved in any of this
I don't want to apply on that except
this is what I'll say even up until this
day Michael Cohen identifies himself as
an attorney for the President and I
believe identifies himself on his
LinkedIn page or at least he did as of
yesterday as an attorney with the Trump
Organization it's unclear as to when he
left the Trump Organization so you can
make an argument that this entire time
period that we're talking about he only
really has one employer and that's the
Trump Organization so I don't know how
he could be carrying this out on his own
or for his own reason I mean it's very
blurry as to who he's operating for and
win what do you think is gonna happen
next in this in this case and in your
representation of miss Daniels I mean
one of the things a lot of people have
asked about about you and your role in
this is that obviously you're an
accomplished attorney you've had a very
successful career you charge a lot of
money for your services miss Daniels is
well known but is not necessarily a
super rich person I think it's worth
asking if there are other people who are
paying your legal fees or if you're
doing this work pro bono who is paying
you and how long do you think this case
is going to go on and do you have
confidence that you'll get paid the
whole time we took a de minimis amount
of money have taken a diminishment de
minimis amount of money from miss
Daniels all of the additional money that
we've been paid have come from the crowd
justice dot-org funding page that we
created in connection with the case
there's no big fat cat donor
there's no left-wing conspiracy funding
us there's no political party
there's no PAC it just isn't there
people are fabricating this because they
want to undercut what we're doing you
know Rudy Giuliani I think yesterday
said that I'm not a very successful
lawyer and he couldn't find a single
case that I had been affiliated with
well guess what
last year I had the largest verdict in
the state of California four hundred
fifty four million dollars in federal
court in a fraud case that was the third
largest in the nation I've had over a
billion dollars in verdicts and
settlements to my name where I have been
lead counsel so I've had a fair amount
of success so I don't know what Rudy's
problem is but he's not doing his
homework or his research maybe he needs
to spend a little more time doing that
as opposed to being on Fox and Friends
although I do not want to discourage him
from going on Fox and Friends I want to
be clear Michael avenatti the attorney
for stormy Daniels the stormy Daniels
case has now turned into a lot of things
besides just the question of her
non-disclosure agreement thanks for
coming to talk to us about it I'm
Sheriff thank you lots more to come
tonight stay with us hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
