good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes for the year and a half that we
have been tracking every development the
Russia story we had no idea there was
another possibly even bigger scandal
connected the Trump administration and
part of the Malheur probe a potential
corruption scandal that could involve
the very same conduct the president
accused his opponent of during the
campaign
it's called pay-for-play if it's true
it's illegal you're paying and you're
getting things it came out to her people
pay for play this was big stuff pay for
play it's illegal tonight we now know
that large sums of money have been
flowing through a shell company set up
by a close associate of the president
knighted States before the election
Robert molar on the other hand has
already been on the trail for this on
this for at least six months yet again
his investigation several steps ahead of
what's known to us in the public so
here's what the rest of us have learned
the last 24 hours
we already know that Michael Cohen the
president's lawyer fixer bagman if you
will set up a shell company called the
central consultants LLC in the middle of
October 2016 right before the election
we already knew he used that shell
company to pay hush money to stormy
Daniels days before the election and
later to pay off a former Playboy
Playmate who claimed to have gotten
pregnant after an affair with a top
Republican fundraiser Elliott broidy
okay now it's alleged by stormy Daniels
attorney Michael avenatti that millions
of dollars in corporate money have
poured into that same shell company over
the last year and a half NBC News's
reviewed documents that appear to
support his account and records seen by
the New York Times show transactions
adding up to at least four point four
million dollars flowed through essential
consultants starting shortly before the
election and continuing to this past
January among those transactions
according to avenatti and The Times was
half a million dollars from Columbus
Nova a new york-based investment firm
linked to a Russian oligarch Cohen also
received $150,000 from a South Korean
aerospace firm the company has confirmed
he allegedly got up to $600,000 from 18t
and pharmaceutical giant Novartis has
confirmed it paid him a total of 1.2
million dollars
but Coen today disputed a vanadis report
today
his document is inaccurate Cohen's
attorneys just filed a 24-page later in
court calling Alvin I his report quote
concerning for number reasons including
the number of blatantly incorrect
statements it contains however a number
of the companies have confirmed payments
to Cohen the big question now is just
what all those companies were paying on
for they've offered a range of
explanations according to Columbus Nova
the Russian oligarch Victor Beckles burg
had nothing to do with the payment at
Combe who they say was hired as a
business consultant the korean aerospace
firm on the other hand says it paid
cohen for accounting advice
according to AT&T cohen was one of
several consultants they hired to
provide insights on the new
administration a source telling CNBC the
payment was for quote actual work done
which is always a nice thing to pay
someone for now Novartis
says they pay Cohen a hundred thousand
dollars a month for a year to advise
them on health policy but that's not
exactly what he picks them on a senior
Novartis official telling NBC News Kohn
quote contacted us of the new
administration was in place he was
promising access to the new
administration in a statement today
Novartis disclosed that it was contacted
by Mulder's office about the company's
agreement with Cohen all the way back in
November of last year that was long
before the public learned about Cohen
shell company about the stormy Daniels
payment about all that oh and AT&T just
announced they were contacted around the
same time and both companies say they
cooperated fully with investigators to
help break down this astonishing series
of revelations I'm joined by Adam
Davidson staff writer The New Yorker and
Sugarman professor at Fordham Law School
Adam let me start with you what do you
think we are seeing with this shell
company and what we now appear to know
about the money flowing in and out the
most favorable description of what is
going on here is that Michael Cohen was
going around saying if you give me a lot
of money
I will intervene on your behalf with the
President of the United States the
best-case scenario for the president is
that he didn't know anything about
and Michael Cohen was going rogue in
some way that's still a deeply deeply
troubling story a shocking shocking
story that has brought down many other
politicians and I think that the
explanations were getting do not suggest
that this is probably all that true that
that there seems to be some hints that
that the president was involved at least
in some way in this business Michael
Cohen set them up with which of course
would be a much more devastating news
story yeah that to me is one one thing I
wanted to sort of hang a lantern on
which is what did the president know
about Michael Cohen's activities that's
a question that is hung over the stormy
Daniels affair but but now hangs over
all of this Jed you wrote a piece in
Slate that with falling title how
Michael Cohen's apparent Russia payment
might help prove collusion what's your
case there well there are a couple of
pieces to that story one the way I
framed it is I said it was premature to
call it a smoking gun but I said it gave
us a pretty good preview of a smoking
gun and it also gave us a road map of
how to find that smoking gun
so the any of the two parts to this one
part are the clear but medium-sized
crimes that are really much more
provable now for a prosecutor to go
after Cohen and put pressure on him so
that includes now with this information
a stronger claim of bank fraud for how
we set up this this essential
consultants and it also sets up
questions of misrepresentation and fraud
under New York law wire fraud failure to
register as a lobbyist under the
lobbyist Disclosure Act or the foreign
registration law but those are the
pieces that a prosecutor could get to
the larger and much more damaging claim
of conspiracy and collusion because that
larger claim is why is a Russian
oligarch paying him five hundred
thousand dollars but in the opening
months of the administration and in the
timeline I spell out in the slate piece
I show how that that overlaps that those
payments overlap with some of the
contacts that Flynn and Kushner were
making
with Russian officials and also overlaps
with the Trump administration's watering
down the sanctions so Congress passes
almost unanimously tougher sanctions on
Deripaska and vekselberg and lo and
behold the Trump administration slow
walks waters down tries to sabotage
those sanctions under federal law it is
not a crime for this pay-to-play
right it's it's it's actually a hole in
federal law but quid pro quo for
official acts that's what we're looking
at here was Vekselberg paying for a mix
of Trump administration acts on
sanctions from which he would benefit
and his his friends like Deripaska would
also benefit that's what prosecutors are
going to be looking for Adam there's
also an element to this of the the fact
that this you know people have lobbying
shops there's there's a whole entire
influence peddling operation we call it
K Street they don't tend to be the like
a LLC that no one's heard of that is
also paying hush money payments there it
makes you wonder what else is there
right absolutely I think of course to
some degree giving money to people close
to a president hoping to get access
hoping to get your story across is a
disturbing and common trait throughout
our country but the country's history or
certainly recent history this is a
cruder version than I think we're used
to but it's also a far more opaque and
and deliberately hidden version and
everyone involved is either being too
cute by half or actually lying and for
example the disturbing information we
learned about Cohen's payment to
Vekselberg was from Vekselberg was
immediately denied by Columbus Nova
saying this thing oh he doesn't own this
entity he doesn't own the company that
paid Cohen however the company that paid
Cohen might technically be owned by his
cousin and not him but all of its assets
are his and and it's this kind of
deliberate obfuscation that makes you
think well if people are lying now
this blaring headlight on them what what
else is there what are we gonna keep
finding out Chad you're nodding your
head I think that's exactly right I mean
I think one thing to keep in mind is
that this is the tip of the it could be
a tip of the iceberg I mean we're seeing
this payment come up now through through
a surprising early preview I mean I
think that there are lots of questions
about what else Michael Cohen has been
involved with and this story shows that
there's gonna be more pressure on him to
reveal that there are also lots of ties
here between vekselberg and Deripaska
with the Bank of Cyprus that ties into
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Osmond the
tentacles of all of these players could
go much farther much deeper so so I
think we're seeing some of the story but
not all of the story I gotta say out of
my my journalistic BS detector when I
start seeing these statements where AT&T
says we paid him for actual work it's
unbelievable I mean that is not that
does not inspire a ton of confidence
when you use that phrase we paid for
actual work I mean the Columbus Nova
said we paid him to help us find
investors and for real estate advice
Columbus Nova has a multi-billion dollar
portfolio of massive in yeah yeah
investment class real estate investments
all over the world Michael Cohen has
worked on a handful of mostly failed
deals it's absurd and laughable the
story we're getting which of course
makes every journalist in America think
well what are we not getting maybe they
were really wanting to get the medallion
business or med mal or something like
that I don't mean that in jet Sugarman
great to have you both great to be here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
