tonight we're learning more about the
Russian infection into American
democracy spreading through one of the
president's closest allies his personal
fixer Michael Cohen
Michael avenatti the lawyer for adult
actress stormy Daniels alleges that
accompany tied to a Russian oligarch
paid Cohen a half a million dollars in
the months after the 2016 election
the billionaire Viktor Vekselberg is one
of the Russians running Russia's richest
men and has close ties to Russian
President Vladimir Putin NBC News has
reviewed financial documents that appear
to support a vanadis charge he alleges
that money from the oligarch related
company was deposited into the same
account that Cohen used to wire a hush
money payment of a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to Daniel's avenatti
today accused Cohen of selling access
let's watch you've gotten millions of
dollars that are being deposited into
this account Michael Cohen appears to be
selling access to the President of the
United States early today Michael Cohen
called the allegations inaccurate
any fun
knotti these documents is inaccurate
how do you feel about you may have
changed an election
the line used by every flack when
they're caught inaccurate tonight
Cohen's reporter lawyer responded to a
vanadis report in a court filing quote
this document is concerning for a number
of reasons including the number of
blatantly incorrect statements it
contains but a banality tonight he's
standing by his report twitting mr.
Ryan's submission on behalf of mr. Cohen
is baseless improper and sanctionable
they fail to address let alone
contradict 99% of the statements and
what we released among other things they
effectively can see gets this the
receipt of the $500,000 from those with
Russian ties according to documents
released by avenatti a us-based company
called Columbus Nova headed by vessel
brakes cousin routed eight payments
totaling approximately $500,000 to
Cohen's company essential consultants
it's name is a spokesman for Columbus
Nova issued this statement after the or
inauguration the firm hired Michael
Cohen as a business consultant regarding
potential sources of capital and
potential investments in real estate and
other ventures
well last Friday the New York Times
citing people familiar with the matter
reported that agents for Special Counsel
moer confronted Vekselberg as he stepped
off a plane he was searched and
questioned Vekselberg was sanctioned by
the US Treasury in April this year but
has not been accused of wrongdoing in
connection with the investigation into
Cohen well late today rody Giuliani
denied that the president was involved
with the business dealings in question
he told NBC's Kristen Welker the
president is not involved in any way
either before or after he was president
we don't believe Muller would have given
the case away if he was involved for
more I'm joined by david korn washington
bureau chief for mother jones and author
of russian roulette a best-seller about
this stuff Michael Schmitt reported for
the New York Times and an MSNBC national
security contributor david jolly former
republican congressman from florida and
jill wine banks former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor and an
MSNBC News contributor in order I want
you to talk about this first of all
David this mixing of funds joining of
funds $500,000 coming in from this
cousin of this oligarch into the into
the coffers of mr.
Koen $130,000 being paid by the coffers
of mr. Cohen has it overlaid it seems to
me it relates Russia with the
hanky-panky that trumps been covering up
for it well remember these payments
started in January 2017 January 6 2017
the Intelligence Committee releases its
report saying Russia attacked our
election in part to help Trump get
elected so in this that's the
environment this time Trump is denying
that this has ever happened and here is
his fixer taking half a million dollars
of starting to from one of the chief
oligarchs over there they're not denying
and Vekselberg is very interesting
because as we reported mother jones back
in 2016 he had this deal with Wilbur
Ross to work on reviving a bank and
Cyprus that was full of shady Russian
money and also as we reported in January
of 2017 at the same time this cousin of
his who's an American citizen Andrew and
trader he's giving two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to Trump's ignore NGO
committee now is that money coming from
Vector Vekselberg is Viktor Vekselberg
as well there's so much here for more
and others to investigate and it shows
the House Intelligence Committee
Republicans they shut their door long
before this movie was done Michael
what's going on here
well this highlights a problem that
Trump's lawyers and Cohen's lawyers have
thought existed all along which was that
they don't know what's in all those
documents that were taken from Cohen's
office they've been worried about this
from the beginning Trump wasn't being
candid about it Cohen wasn't being
candid about it at least Cohen's lawyers
now and Trump's lawyers and some bees
that have access to these documents to
understand it but they don't understand
what the feds are looking at exactly in
New York it's a mystery to them and
that's why if they will speak candidly
to you they will tell you they are more
concerned about what's going on in New
York than they are about what's going on
in Washington they say look we
understand the contours of the Moller
investigation we get what's going on
there we have a sense of what the
witnesses have had said what the
questions are New York no idea and this
is the latest example
surprise something very unusual that
brings in all different strands of the
story why do you think Giuliani said
that this had to do with Russia
if Cohen situation Michael Cohen in New
York and the whole question was stormy
Denis had something to do with Russia
that Muller would have never released it
to the New York office to handle what do
you make of that today I was surprised
to hear that it seems like Giuliani's
speaking as if he knows what's going on
inside the investigation which I'm
probably pretty sure he doesn't it also
assumes that Michael Cohen is sort of
like a black-and-white issue where it's
either in New York or it's either in
Washington with Muller and my guess in
our sense from our reporting is that
this is something that is on both sides
there's different parts of Michael Cohen
that are being looked at so the idea
that Muller passed on this I was a
little skeptical that when I heard it
let me go to Joe on this Joe wine bags
tell me a sense of your sense of that
the distinction between going after the
stormy Daniels payment $130,000 the
$500,000 coming in from Vekselberg the
cousin of somebody in Russia a oligarch
and this Russian investigation what's
the overlap well first of all let's not
forget the money that came in from US
corporations and that is pay to play is
what it looks like and one of them said
that they hired him to do their internal
accounting system and then they found
out he couldn't provide the services but
they paid him anyway on a monthly basis
this is very big news in terms of the
investigation both in terms of the
Russia investigation and in terms of
general corruption within the
administration so this is really very
interesting and I think that it is
correct to say that both Muller and the
Southern District of New York are
looking into different aspects of
activities by the president's lawyer
Michael Kohn let's talk about that role
that people play sometimes when people
help somebody get elected president I
States they say I don't want a job I
want to be outside I want to be outside
where I can take all the money I want to
be a bagman to be honestly they don't
like to say it that way they want a
person that you know to be there's the
turnstile if you want to talk to you got
to pay the toll and you got to pay me if
you want to talk to the president the
new president
I helped getting there and he'll see
whoever I tell them to see this isn't
new how is it new in this case we're
Michael Cohen looks like to use a crude
word bagman because if you want to talk
to Trump you want to get something out
of them
you pay Cohen how is it different so
Chris is that for me I'm asking Joe I
would you know the politics in a minute
Yeah right yeah I think both legally and
politically this is very bad stuff and
that there is a number of potential
crimes just from a legal perspective we
the the standard for bribery is very
tough to meet there has to be a quid pro
quo there has to be some actual action
so that paying for access to the
president isn't a crime in and of itself
but if the president then does anything
to help the person that they saw that is
bribery and that could be a crime and
having a pass through through his lawyer
doesn't make it any less criminal and
also politically unacceptable this is
the president who said he was going to
drain the swamp and he is filling that
swamp this is the opposite of draining
the swamp this is maintaining a pro
Russian foreign policy across the board
exactly I mean that could be enough in
my mind to establish that there was some
quid pro quo and we know that sanctions
haven't been put in place that should
have been put in place until they were
really forced to be put in place and
there are still more that need to be put
in place I don't trust that they will
happen I think there is a relationship
with Russia that we need to be looking
at and shame on Congress for stopping
the investigation I would like to see a
public investigation I think the public
needs to know all the facts about the
man that is the president and they
aren't going to know it well because
Muller is properly keeping this secret
he has to keep the secret but Congress
should be doing something and they
should be stopping any future
interference in our elections and
they're not doing that shame on them
you know they don't talk about the
politics this because we've either
people like Menendez in New Jersey and
there's the torch torricelli before that
for New Jersey and McDonald these guys
savage relationship personal intimate
relations with foreign people whoíve
sometimes American but they come from
other countries they're not familiar
with our political system they fearful
they have to buy a politician right so
here's what we're seeing here the word
is out if you want to get something from
Trump
you got a Michael Cohen the fact that
these big drunken drug drunk
drug companies are going through that
door being that doors wide open for
business
this guy's set up a till and I think the
Russians know about it because Russians
are notoriously fixed on finding one
American they like to deal with and
that's their American and that's how
they figured out because we're a little
obtuse for them tell us about this from
a political angle when you watch this
guy Viktor Vekselberg there he is he's
got you know he's got a cousin the
United States some kind of relationship
he knows a little bit about American
politics and he's dealing with Cohen
who's not a great lawyer
nobody says he's an actual look at the
law books lawyer he's a fixer Shirl of
course this is influence-peddling
there's no question about it I think we
can all agree on its face its influence
peddling the question is it is it legal
or is it illegal and that's important
because go back to the snapshot in time
frankly you had a lot of Republican
donors who had criticized an abandoned
Donald Trump all the sudden riding
million-dollar checks the inaugural
committee to try to make up
you had other Michael co-heads world
yeah yeah sure you had other Michael
Cohen's and Donald Trump's world opening
lobbying shops in DC we have seen this
in past administrations right hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
