and Joe obviously as we watch this play
out and this 2:00 in the morning return
home this is a legitimate act of good
faith on the part of North Korea fair to
say with listen it's great news I mean I
can't even imagine how how thrilled the
families are on the cost to be having
these Americans returned home it is
absolutely fantastic news and we are so
thankful that they're they're returning
home the second part though of of your
sentence saying suggesting that this is
good faith on the North Koreans part we
just don't know I mean they took them
illegally they took them as hostages
they're actually only letting Americans
return home after North Korea's own
illegal actions and we're just not you
know it we have John Fedor it's in both
the Rahn decision yesterday and in
Donald Trump's decision to lurch into
talks with kim jeong-hoon
we we actually have two situations that
are fraught with dangers but also have a
great deal of possibilities before them
and i'm just i let me let me have you
respond to that first of all and how
these two things are tied together but
secondly respond to senator flakes
suggestion that we are less safe because
we don't have inspectors on the ground
or we don't have the guarantee of
inspectors on the ground in iran moving
forward
okay well the my disagreement with
senator flake would go to the fact that
there are military sites that we are not
allowed and have not been allowed to
inspect or go into or the IAEA has not
been allowed to go into and those sites
are really the epicenter of the Iran
nuclear program so as my colleague noah
rothman said earlier on the show iran
can be said to have been hewing to the
Iran nuclear deal because it's terms
despite what we hear about how the
inspections regime is so intrusive were
in fact incredibly loose and not
serious enough and not severe enough and
that is the challenge for the Trump
effort with North Korea going forward
which is will he be so eager will they
be so eager to strike a deal for the
public relations sense of it and to
claim that they are denuclearizing the
peninsula will they be so eager that
they will blink in the negotiations and
not be intrusive enough having said that
I want to make it interesting I think is
an interesting point which is that as
we've been talking about stormy Daniels
and Muller in the news tightening and
all of this over the last couple of
months Donald Trump's poll numbers have
gone up and had been an aggregate of
about four to five percent and I think
that that is probably directly related
not only to serve decent economic news
and stuff like that but the fact that he
seems to be getting somewhere on North
Korea and and getting his sea legs stuff
that I don't agree with like the
imposition of the tariffs but where he
seems to be taking a dominant leadership
position in foreign policy which the
American people tend to like and he is
getting back Republicans who were
leaving him because he seemed not only
he seemed incompetent or unable to
exercise a certain degree of leadership
and something is going on here and the
north and we should watch as North as
the North Korea negotiations and summit
and everything go on to see what kind of
effect that is going to have on the
president's popularity because that is
going to have a boomeranging effect on
whether or not as I said earlier he
might really pull the pull the plug on
Muller and he can do that more easily
more readily if his poll numbers are up
than if his poll numbers are down you
know what's so interesting because we
talk about North Korea and Iran the very
things that Barack Obama did moving
towards the Iran deal that I was
critical of I thought he was far too
eager he wanted and the Iranians knew
that they were dealing with somebody
across the table that were not going to
walk away without a deal and so they got
in my opinion
they got extraordinarily favorable terms
you could say the same thing about
Donald Trump
and North Korea what did kim jeong-hoon
do to get a face-to-face meeting with
Donald Trump
other than exchange abusive tweets over
time there there was no groundwork laid
right there were no there were there
were there it's a meeting like this
a summit like this should take a year or
so to set up Donald Trump set it up by
rushing in to the west wing and that he
was a meeting he wasn't even supposed to
be and saying hey let's get everybody
together let's have a summit yeah it's a
great PR move but again for me it's hard
to see how this turns out any better
then Barack Obama's eagerness I believe
over eagerness to strike a deal with
Iran it's two presidents in search of a
deal who who've got to be sending a
message to the other side that they so
desperately want a deal for PR purposes
or for political purposes or for legacy
purposes that the United States is
interests are going to be undercut in
the end well the breaking news this
morning the three Americans detained in
North Korea will are being released
they're arriving at Andrews Air Force
Base at 2:00 a.m. with secretary bump AO
president says he will be there to greet
them let's go back to our legal panel we
had to sort of squash things down a
little bit because of the breaking news
but Ari I'll have you take it to
Jonathan Turley and Joyce fence what do
you think the key you know in terms of
final thoughts here the key issues out
of a vanadis revelations are go key
issue will be additional fact we've seen
this bare-bones layout we're not sure of
its source these are the sorts of
information that typically is closely
held Muller can subpoena this
information for it to be out in the
public
very unusual its banking sensitive
information so we'll look for more facts
to see whether the dates match up and
whether the President had knowledge of
these occurrences the Fed said in their
court filings
they raided Michael's office that he
doesn't practice law and his only major
clients Donald Trump so what was he
doing for these companies what was he
being paid for what did they think he
was being paid for
did he mislead any banks that's federal
oddity mislead federal authorities
federal odd that he missed lead New York
state regulators or tax authorities that
state law and not pardonable by Donald
Trump and what is the true nature of
this Russian investment firm and what
does it mean when people say they want
to pay Michael Cohen for insights or
real estate help or pharmaceutical
analysis these are things as you touched
on earlier good show whatever you want
it to mean means whatever you want it to
mean
but if it's a if it's if it's a knowing
two-way lie it might mean that there's a
lot of people we're gonna be asked more
hard questions and looking at potential
jail time Jonathan Turley do you agree
well I think right now it has the
profile of an access payment we saw that
when the Obamas came to office we saw
that when the Clinton came to office it
does have that profile this was a guy
walking around with a virtual tip jar
on his belt it does make me feel a
little uneasy about the retainer that
Willie's had me pay for access to
Morning Joe standard procedures so I
casting aspersions all right Joyce Vance
Jonathan Turley rml Burt thanks very
much we'll be watchin the beat six
o'clock is anytime on MSNBC John
Fedora's thank you as well and of course
we're following breaking news this came
via tweet from President Trump but the
three American detainees in North Korea
are being released
they are coming home with Secretary
Pompeo who had a very quick trip there
and arriving according to President
Trump at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00
a.m. this morning the president will be
there to greet them that in itself is
great news we'll be right back with much
more morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
