financial documents appear to connect
two of the president's biggest headaches
stormy Daniels
and Russia and guess who's in the middle
of it none other than Michael Cohen I'm
gonna walk you through exactly what we
know and what we don't know
NBC News has reviewed financial
documents that appear to confirm that
President Trump's personal attorney
Michael Cohen taking in more than four
million bucks that's a lot more than 130
grand between October 2016 and January
2018 all through a company called
essential consultants if that sounds
familiar it certainly should it is the
company the Cohen set up less than a
month before election day and then used
to pace normal the stormy Daniels that
130 grand but according to these
documents which have now been reviewed
by NBC News that is just a tiny piece of
the money that was coming in we should
make it clear we do not know what the
money was for but we do know where some
of it came from the most notable
transaction came from a company called
Columbus Nova run by a man named Andrew
in trader who is the cousin of a man
named Victor Vekselberg we know Columbus
Nova sent Cohen's company half a million
bucks over the first eight months of
2017 we also know that Vekselberg is a
Russian oligarch worth billions and
billions of dollars and very closely
tied like all oligarchs are - Vladimir
Putin what we don't know is the extent
to which Russia and Vekselberg was
involved in the payments to Cohen we
also don't know what the money was for
stormy Daniels attorney Michael avenatti
is the one who first reported to the
financial transactions he was on Morning
Joe walking us through earlier to
this is an enormous amount of money it
is that is flowing into this account
beginning in October November December
time period of 2016 you've got millions
of dollars that are being deposited into
this account where did the money go did
all of it go to Michael Cohen did some
of it go back to the Trump Organization
did some of it ultimately find its way
to the president III we should point out
that avenatti has not released any
documents to support that allegations
about a direct link between the Russians
and the president Cohen's attorney Steve
Ryan seemed to confirm the transaction
but not the purpose telling the Atlantic
quote this was not a payment meanwhile
Columbus Nova released a statement on
Tuesday it said in part quote the firm
hired Michael Cohen as a business
consultant the claim that Viktor
Vekselberg was involved in or provided
any funding for Columbus Nova's
engagement of Cohen is patently untrue
and while the company admits to hiring
Cohen after Trump's inauguration it says
Viktor Vekselberg was not involved in
the decision to hire Cohen or provided
funding for his engagement intersting
then that the New York Times reports
that the CEO and mr. Vekselberg guess
what they attended an inauguration event
together and met with mr. Cohen there
according to a person briefed on the
matter
Columbus no vote retained him as a
consultant very soon afterward here's a
question why would the Cohen D why would
Colin deal with any company with any
links to Russia for any reason at a time
when the president was already under
massive scrutiny for Russia ties that is
an open question and one that surely has
occurred to Special Counsel Bob Muller
in fact both Vekselberg and the Columbus
Nova CEO have been interviewed by Bob
Muller although there is no indication
of wrongdoing you got all that well
that's the first part of the story the
other focus is on a series of other
payments made to Cohen's company all
made by major corporations and all
coming in the last seven months farmers
go giant Novartis paid Cohen's company
almost 400 grand 80 paid 200 grand and
Korea aerospace industries paid 150
thousand dollars what was all that money
for well we're now hearing from the
companies themselves
Novartis confirmed it entered into a
one-year deal with the central
consultants from February 2017 to
February 2018 to focus on healthcare
policy matters AT&T says Cohen's company
was hired to quote provide insights into
understanding the new administration
they did no legal or lobbying work for
us and the contract ended in 2017 again
we can take the company statements at
face value but when you big companies
reaching out like this it raises
questions about what they were seeking
in return interesting to note that the
CEO of Novartis met with Trump shortly
after the payments ended and eighty of
course has been trying to get the
government to sign off on its plan to
acquire Time Warner for years so how do
you get to the bottom of all of it Pavan
adi says there's one way to do it
Michael Cohen and the president should
cause these bank statements of Michael
Cohen to be released this morning if
there's nothing improper about this
we're not talking about a lot of
information they can PDF the document
they can release it to the media and the
media can go through it and can report
back whether it's proper enough hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
