we need to stop yeah we need to hop in
here guys with some breaking news the
president the United States has just
tweeted I'm pleased to inform you that
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the
air and on his way back from North Korea
with the three wonderful gentlemen that
everyone is looking so forward to
meeting they seem to be in good health
also good meeting with Kim jong-un date
and place said these are the last three
American citizens who were being held
captive in North Korea these three men
two of them were held captive last year
one of them has been held captive since
2015 on charges of espionage
the president has teased that this
moment may be coming in some tweets last
week and comments again yesterday when
he said that Mike Pompeo was in the air
and on his way to North Korea this was
the hope that this would be a goodwill
gesture from North Korea and from the
leader there Kim jong-un ahead of a
meeting with the President of the United
States here soon that the president says
the date and time have been set but
again the three remaining Americans held
captive in the United States excuse me
in North Korea have now been freed the
president just announcing that thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
