all right we'll have much more head-on
the millions of dollars that seem to
flow to Trump's attorney and fixer
Michael Cohen after the election MSNBC's
RML Burgoyne's us with his new reporting
maybe he knows what's on the DVD I'm
serious no I'm sorry that's ridiculous
you don't treat that and then say don't
you know the not come for us and thinks
it's a DVD I've been to quarters of the
age of Trump I think so yes I mean I
would listen I was very skeptical early
on but if you look at Michael avenatti
he is done to Donald Trump what nobody
else has been able to do since he first
wrote down that golden escalator he is
beaten Trump at it's his own game
and he has he has figured out how to get
into his head he is forced Cohen and
Trump and now Giuliani to make one
mistake after another that only
entangles them even more and so I don't
know what's on that DVD but him holding
it up for the world on that tweet has
definitely gotten into Donald Trump's
head I guarantee you Donald Trump thinks
there's something on that DVD all right
we'll be right back with much more
morning Jones thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
