I don't know if the poles are inaccurate
or if facts changed is there anything
you would have done differently
no there's nothing I could have done
differently when you're trying to unseat
the establishment you know it's
difficult would you consider running
again I doubt it I mean you know when I
decided to do it this time I wanted to
give the state a chance to elect
somebody that make a difference rather
to continue to be the way it's been
that's Don Blankenship conceding last
night in West Virginia and joining us
now national political correspondent for
NBC News and MSNBC Steve Kornacki has
been waiting patiently through the
baseball talk although I saw you wanted
to jump into that as well but let's get
it next time
let's start in West Virginia we heard
from Don Blankenship he got the lion's
share of the attention nationally
because of that ad where he used the
term China people and China family and
called Mitch McConnell cocaine Mitch
finishing a distant third we talked at
this time yesterday about internal
polling that showed him at or near the
lead in the race here what happened yeah
let's take this as a cautionary story a
cautionary tale for the future when
you've got public polling media polling
and NBC polls mean like that it was
dated in this case you got to go back a
week or two to find polling we had
public polling that showed playing it to
pretty much where he finished up right
there and then you got in the last 72
hours
reports of internal polls from
Republicans Republicans sounding the
alarm bell saying Blankenship is surging
so it was sort of a test of which one of
those maybe is a more reliable reliable
barometer I think for the future
remember if you got a public poll out
there you can look at maybe err on the
side of that you got that in the future
while we're here let's take a look at
the tweet put out last night by Mitch
McConnell's Senate campaign quitter
handle that's pretty funny thanks for
playing Don Blankenship the image you're
seeing there is from a narcos the
cocaine themed show on Netflix but
Photoshop Mitch McConnell in with
cocaine falling around him thanks for
playing Don so the guy who won the
primary attorney General Patrick
Morrissey how nervous should joe manchin
be yes so look I think the dream
scenario from Manchin and four Democrats
nationally obviously Blankenship wins
they didn't get Blankenship but I would
say this national Democrats spent a lot
of money trying to beat the other
Republican in this race - how's Evan
Jenkins you seeking a second place
between Jenkins and Morrissey Democrats
thought Morrissey would be
weaker opponent now there's two reasons
for that number one Morsi he's the
Attorney General right now in West
Virginia before that he has a lobbying
history of Washington lobbyists they can
they can try to position him that way
the second thing though is this Jenkins
is the congressman from the southern
part of the state three congressional
districts in West Virginia the southern
part of the state is coal country it is
rural it's white working-class these are
voters who have voted like seventy
percent for Joe Manchin
and seventy percent for Donald Trump so
the thought for Democrats was whoa
that's Jenkins country that's where he
got most of his votes last night he's
somebody who could maybe get close to
that Trump share in the part of state
that mansions relied on because where
Morrissey ran up a score last night is
in the part of the state that's already
heavily Republican it basically always
votes Republican the question there to
the extent there's a swing in West
Virginia it's in the Jenkins part of the
state so outside West Virginia an
incumbent Republican in North Carolina
lost a primary bid in Indiana Senate
primary to incumbent Republicans running
for that seat loss to an outsider still
a fair amount of ante Washington
establishment sentiment in the
Republican primary electorate yeah no I
think you'd have to say Indiana is an
interesting one some Mike Braun the
businessman with those cardboard cutouts
of the the so-called you know
establishment of figures wins easily in
that Senate primary we talk about joe
Manchin look that's a 42 points taken in
West Virginia so obviously that's top of
the radar Indiana though you know I
brought he's the outsider credentials
that know was talking about doesn't have
at least we haven't seen any kind of
that Blankenship baggage here any kind
of that baggage you saw down in Alabama
with Roy Moore so then you're looking at
a state in Indiana
you know Trump won that by 19 points
that was a blowout State for Trump in
Donnelly when he won this seat in 2012
there are a lot of Republicans who say
he kind of caught a lucky break in that
campaign with the opponent a juror who's
opponent Murdock had knocked off Dick
Lugar the Republican in the primary said
that thing about a rape in the in the
general election so if we get a
candidate maybe he doesn't have that
baggage could it be a different outcome
all right Steve Jackson well no not yet
I've got an important post if so when
you review maps when you when you crunch
the data when you look at all the
analytics do you think at the end of the
day the Red Sox have a chance of winning
at least one of the three Yankee state
Oh Mike look at I'm from Massachusetts
so of course I have to say yes but to me
when it's May it means we're a couple
months from football season okay one
other question seriously obviously you
know I never at this at this time of the
year and I'm sure you're the same way I
never look at generic ballot tests just
doesn't matter it's always the intensity
of the voters the intensity of the base
now we've seen in past elections
Democrats outperforming Republicans more
Democrats going to the polls we saw it
in 2010 throughout the year in the
primaries especially we saw in 2008
Barack Obama and Democrats getting
outrageous turnouts state by state by
state in the primaries what happened
last night I heard they did I read
correctly that it was more of a leveling
off that Republicans as many Republicans
turned out as Democrats how did that
break down yeah well I mean take a state
like Indiana you gotta remember what is
on the ballot what's being contested he
had a three-way Senate primary there in
Indiana statewide you had some
congressional know there's a Greg pinch
the brother of a the vice president
winning a Republican Senate a house
nomination there in the district that
messer of vacated you see Messer up on
your screen there so if there's more
action on one side that's always a
factor in these things like you know on
the other hand Donnelly the Democratic
Center there in Indiana didn't really
have to worry about any kind of a
primary so you get a lot of action on
their blog incise a lot of Democrat what
about us what about a state like Ohio
though where obviously you're a key
swing state what about the turnout there
yeah and it's a match that they oh hi Oh
interesting because we think now this is
a one that maybe and we're gonna find
out a lot more about Ohio this fall the
question is is Ohio in the Trump era
becoming less of a swing state is Ohio
becoming more of a of a trump Republican
state now the Republicans got sort of
too establishment Canada they got DeWine
for governor that's the Republican
establishment wanted that they got Renee
C for the Senate but that governors race
I think when you look ahead to the fall
there with the
I nominate you you might look at that
and say that's it that's a 10-point
Trump state that might be a little
advantage going into the Republicans
there all right Steve Kornacki thank you
very much great to have you on great job
still ahead this morning
senators Jeff Flake and Tim Kaine react
to president Trump pulling out of the
Iran nuclear deal Plus this tweet from
the New York Times Nick compass ory just
about sums it up
Russians pay Trump associate and Trump
associate pays off porn stars and
corporation pays Trump associate for
advice all in one story interesting
story we'll talk to Michael avenatti the
attorney for stormy Daniels who broke it
Morning Joe is coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
