so in that Washington Post car school
survey that we were discussing last hour
a decisive factor in the Democrats
support appears to be women who prefer
Democratic candidates by 14 points 54 to
40% while men favor the Republicans by 5
points and a new CNN SSRS poll conducted
Thursday through Monday shows this 31%
of women approve of the job the
president is doing 62 percent disapprove
on the flip side 51 percent of men
approved while 43 percent disapproved
that's a gender gap of 39 points and
potentially more troubling for
Republicans a spike in the number of
women who support the Democrats over the
Republicans in their choice for Congress
this chart based on NBC Wall Street
Journal poll shows the trend since 2010
when Republicans took over going from a
six-point gap that year to a 25 point
one this year Joe it is a gender gap
casey that it seems to be very
significant the question is though do
Democrats get out the vote that's what
it all comes down to we saw we saw in
Northern Virginia obviously women in
Northern Virginia making a big
difference in the Virginia gubernatorial
race we saw black women in Alabama
helping Doug Doug Jones get elected in
Alabama can you tell me what are the
Democrats doing is they're do they seem
organized around this concept that if
they win this fall they will win because
of motivated women I think that's
absolutely what they think I mean that
gender gap is devastating
those trend lines I mean I I'm not clear
how the Republican Party can recover
from something like that in the long run
now I think the question is you know how
much of this is strictly about President
Trump and and will those lines start to
trend back together if you know he's no
longer seen as the leader of the
Republican Party but I think every piece
of evidence that we have from the sheer
number of women who are running for
office
I mean record numbers and we should be
clear these are mostly Democratic women
there are some Republican when women
running
of course but this is predominantly a
democratic trend and when you look at a
state like Virginia which is you know
one of the few test cases that we've had
since the presidential election this
organization a lot of times was coming
from the bottom up not the top down if
anything the Democratic Party here in
Washington has had to sort of take a
breath I mean there have been some
congressional races where they missed
really good candidates that Amy McGrath
and Kentucky is a good example of this I
interviewed her a couple weeks ago she
is perhaps months ago now she is an
incredibly sharp candidate they wanted
to nominate someone else the mayor of
Lexington who had been in the political
system for a long time a white man she
beat him in the primary I so then they
came around now they're helping her but
you know you saw that in all of those
right down to the State House races in
Virginia you know the first transgender
woman winning in a you know previously
Republican State House seat etc so you
know I I think we really don't fully
have our heads around the depth of this
yet and so you know I think it could
actually as much as we've talked about
it could surprise people on election day
you know Walter I remember Jimmy Carter
in 1980 when he made his announcement to
run for re-election against Ronald
Reagan and he came out swinging against
Reagan and he talked about notice
paraphrasing here he talked about a
country that was divided between men and
women the east from the west the north
from the south
blacks from whites rural America versus
urban America maybe President Carter was
about 40 years too early to really see
the sort of division that we're seeing
now where you do see you look at the
poll that shows a massive gender gap but
for women between Republicans and
Democrats you can see the same for rural
and urban you can see the same for black
and white this is politically a country
dove divided almost split straight down
the middle pick your category whichever
one's that Jimmy Carter brought up 40
years ago that seems to be you know
where the dividing lines are you know Jo
you put your finger on the worst thing
about
which is we were very very divided as a
nation we got more partisan over the
past you know 15 20 years the Trump
election made it even more so and with
dr. Blakey Ford's testimony so deeply
appealing and resonant with a lot of
women but also the whole circus then
ended up surrounding the thing they got
a whole lot of men upset now you see a
big divide between men and women I'm
teaching at Tulane I'm suddenly seeing a
divide between the young women and the
young men in the classroom where they're
all rolling their eyes at each other so
you're taking a nation and ripping it
apart on every seam line every fault
line you can possibly find liberal
conservative Democrat Republican rural
urban north/south and now male/female I
just hope that people get so sick of
this and by the way gets sick of the way
both parties have resorted to let's see
how much we can rip apart you know the
DNA of America rather than you know join
it together that some candidate will
come along and say okay time out let's
start bringing this thing back together
so Walter what do you tell your students
in class today what to other educators
across America be they talking to high
school students or college students or
grad students what do you tell them how
how does this how do we repair the
breach how do we move forward I tell
them that has happened many many times
in our country that it happened in my
memory during the Vietnam period and the
civil rights marches down here in New
Orleans and the rest of the South it
happened during the McCarthy period and
of course in the greatest tragedy of all
happened during our Civil War we're
pretty good at bringing people back
together but the question is do we have
systems now that just continually push
us apart systems ranging from
gerrymandering to social media where
people get pushed into their own bubble
so what can we do to break the systemic
problems that are tearing us apart and
secondly I say you're in college you're
around a table like this this is the
most diverse table you'll ever be around
I look around my seminar table and say
you know look these are people from
Vietnam and here's some you know blacks
we have whites we have very
conservatives a couple kids from
Kentucky deeply supportive of Trump and
thought that Brett Kavanaugh had his
reputation Savage
I said let's see if we can have a civil
conversation about it to show that it
doesn't have to become the way it is in
this country
Walter Isaacson thank you very much
great questions as well still I have a
Morning Joe we've been talking about how
women vote but what about how they run
the president of emily's list weighs in
on the record number of female
candidates putting their names on the
ballot you're watching Morning Joe we'll
be right back thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
