and joining me now to talk about this is
Admiral James Cerritos NBC chief
international security and diplomacy
analyst and former NATO's supreme Allied
commander Admiral thank you so much for
being here you were not in agreement
about the Iran deal back when it was
initially negotiated do you believe that
the president was speaking accurately
truthfully today when he was talking
about his reasons for wanting to violate
it for withdrawing kti I think you know
the time to discuss was it a good deal
or a bad deal has sort of passed I
criticized the deal at the time you're
exactly right
but as we would say in American English
it's a done deal
at least it was a done deal and I think
pulling out is a mistake for three
principal reasons very quickly one is
the uncertainty in the region we really
don't know how Iran is going to react
I'm sure Jim mattis at the Pentagon is
putting his forces on a higher level of
alert secondly it's the knock-on effect
on North Korea with this kind of whipsaw
and policy what's Kim jong-un's
motivation to agree to denuclearize and
thirdly and I think the worst KT is the
division it causes between the United
States and our allies who have already
said they're going to stay in the deal
that puts us in the position of
potentially having to sanction them it
is not a good decision to pull out of
this deal what was the Trump
administration hoping to get out of this
from your vantage point he was pretty
tough on Iran but at the end of that
announcement of pulling out of the deal
Donald Trump seemed to leave a door open
for for renegotiating it yeah I think
the odds of renegotiating the deal with
Iran are probably the same as the odds
of the Mexicans paying for the wall it's
just not going to happen what could
happen conceivably is a side deal to
address some of the bad behavior from
Iran which is significant and that's
what our allies were trying to do in
terms of what we get out of it well I'll
tell you what we're not going to get out
of it we're not going to get the
billions of dollars that we were with
hole
back so it is unclear to me what we do
attain here other than from president
Trump's perspective he dismantles yet
another piece of Barack Obama's legacy
in some ways that appears to be a
significant driver here it should not be
a driver in foreign policy so you say
that Iran's not going to renegotiate the
deal foreign minister Javad Zarif
tweeted today in response to us
persistent violations and unlawful
withdrawal from the nuclear deal as
instructed by President rouhani I'll
spearhead a diplomatic effort to examine
whether remaining in the jcpoa
participants can ensure its full
benefits for Iran outcome will determine
our response so if you're already taking
the renegotiation of the deal off the
table what is that that what option does
that leave does this mean in your
estimation that Iran will quickly start
pursuing building their own bomb I don't
think we know yet the Iranians are going
to watch to see what the Europeans do
and just in the last few hours Katie the
indications are that our allies the
United Kingdom Germany France those who
negotiated this the European Union
intend to stay in the deal I think if
they stay in the deal Iran will stay in
the deal we will simply become outliers
and lose further influence in the region
that's principally why I think this is
such a mistake for us what do you make
of the way that Donald Trump sold this
today I mean he did talk on the campaign
trail about ripping up the Iran deal he
made no secret of that but today's
announcement he didn't try to claim that
they were in violation of the deal but
he misrepresented the deal quite
dramatically turned it on its head
saying that it allowed them to pursue
enriching uranium and that they would be
able to make a nuclear weapon in a short
period of time he announced that to the
American public today yeah I think we
need a sober realistic assessment of
what's going on as president if he's in
possession of that fact set I think he
has an obligation to the American public
to deploy it so we can all think about
it but the United Nations inspectors
our allies our own intelligence agencies
to my knowledge believe that Iran is in
compliance with the deal so my belief is
if the president has a new fact set
let's hear about it I think it's highly
unlikely that Iran is presently pursuing
nuclear weapons could they do so in the
future
yes and does this motivate them to do so
probably again see paragraph one not a
very good agreement hard to see what we
get out of it other than I guess just
breaking an old agreement of Barack
Obama in fulfilling a campaign pledge
there's a big question about what this
means for North Korea and whether or not
the North Koreans will be able to trust
us when it comes to negotiations I want
to put that aside for the moment and
just ask you whether or not this all but
reaffirms Kim jong-un's position which
is that I can't negotiate until I have a
bomb you look at what happened to Saddam
Hussein you look at what happened to
Qaddafi now look what's going on in Iran
what Iran have been in a stronger
position with this administration if
they just pursued building a bomb as
North Korea did I think that that is
absolutely correct the Iranians have got
to be asking themselves tonight gee
maybe we should have stayed out of this
arrangement however for the Iranian
perspective as long as they can keep the
Europeans engaged and open up their
markets and as long as they have access
to the cash which flowed to them on
balance I'd say the Iranians have out
negotiated the United States at this
point in the discussion what happens to
Hani I think you're gonna see rouhani
stay in the deal and I think until the
Europeans pull out that's his best
course of action I don't think they will
start building nuclear weapons and again
if the president has intelligence
indicating that I'd love to see it Thank
You Admiral stavridis hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and
lights from MTP daily and MSNBC you get
more beat the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
