what did the president do try to fix
this steel scrap it well I think he's
coming out of the deal and I think he's
probably gonna impose much stricter
sanctions and I think this is part of
his playbook basically where he pushes
very hard he did the same strategy with
the North Koreans you see the labor
strikes going on in Iran the regime is
in a way more fragile position than I
think the average people think and it's
classic hardline behavior that will
hopefully topple the regime what do you
think
I think the consequences of this are way
more than being discussed today first
the Iranians have bought us Anthony just
said some peace within Iran by the
prospect of the sanctions coming off
this Accords could improve living
standards if the president announces
were pulling out all the politics
they're not be American and European
there's politics within Iran and what's
the regime going to do they may have to
stay in just to keep social peace
themselves second is what does this do
that are already fractured Western
Alliance American leadership the Western
alliance is going to be in real jeopardy
and third however does the president go
now and meet with Kim jong-un and
negotiate a nuclear accord having just
pulled out of the accord with Iran so
this is this is three-dimensional chess
and it is a it is a complete
free-for-all my judgment and policy in
the next few weeks but it might work for
him with Kim Jong moon if he plays it
really rough Kim jong-un could say wow
I'm not dealing with somebody who just
who just makes threats I may have to
play ball and the president has already
made progress with North but how about
the continuity of American leadership
and the commitment of American
commitment administration to
administration
Donald Trump has three more years less
than his term so the next president is
going to come into office and throw out
a North Korean Accord I don't I don't
think unstable leadership of the United
States ever works in our interests all
right ambassador here is what the
chairman of the House Armed Services
Committee said about all this on Sunday
the secretary matt has talked about the
inspectors that are in there does Iran
kick those inspectors out so that we
lose what visibility we have there you
need to have a clear eye
about next steps if we are going to pull
out and and especially given the larger
context of Iran's aggressive activity in
the Middle East so president Trump is
long on big ideas and short on details
what would the plan be here we don't
know the plan B that's the problem and
I'm really glad you went through and
outlined exactly what this Iran deal is
because I think a lot of Americans have
forgotten how detailed it is how much we
have withdrawn their program and when we
use the word temporary to describe
something that's 10 or 15 years long
that's a weird word to me especially
when you're dealing with a country like
Iran
I just think this is big on all the
dimensions you just said number one what
is the goal the deal it is to die or run
nuclear weapons how does pulling out of
the deal help us achieve that objective
I don't know number two if you want to
have pressure in Iran
keep the deal in place because now the
the people of Iran have to blame their
government for their bad situation right
we put in sanctions now and we're the
boogieman again it's all our fault and
number three when is it ever a good idea
to be on the outside of the entire
international world where we have not
just France and Germany and the UK
together like China and Russia together
and we're on the outside I hope there's
a plan B I'm open to ideas but so far I
don't see this as being in the national
interest Anthony what does this mean to
the United States and our allies Ian
Bremmer
who has given the president a lot of
credit for what he's done in North Korea
has said this would be the biggest slap
in the face to our Western allies worse
than pulling out a TPP worse than the
part Paris of course maybe maybe it's
helping our Western allies you know I
mean it is well let me finish is a good
it's a very good time to be on the
outside of the international community
when you're battling Adolf Hitler there
is a group of people in the
international community that want
appeasement with Adolf Hitler if you go
back to 1938 when they when they mark
the appeasement
it wasn't peace in our time we ended up
with a devastating war that killed
almost a hundred million people and so
maybe the president is actually helping
the Allies by being the the tough cop on
the block that's going to in
impose something on ear and that is you
know gonna topple that regime so let me
just say one other thing
they were probably funding the North
Koreans and they probably cut the
funding off after that nuclear explosion
that took place in the northern area of
North Korea where the whole mountain
caved in okay and so the Iranian Nexus
to North Korea is probably now been
severed as a result of lack of money and
so I think the president's strategy is
let's get peace with North Korea let's
redefine the situation with Iran and get
peace there as well and there's a huge
secular opportunity in Iran that's
bubbling up that the United States wants
to take advantage of I disagree I'm
sorry I just think that's wrong okay for
a couple of reasons number one the other
things that are wrong is doing in the
world building ballistic missiles
supporting terrorists we should be
fighting but why do you have to withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal to do that
why can't we have a negotiation about
ballistic missiles and why shouldn't we
be pushing back on those terrorists
precisely in places like Syria where the
president is threatening to pull back
you can walk and chew gum at the same
time we did it in the Cold War we can do
it now and number two Iran with no debt
with all due respect is not Hitler's
Germany they are not seeking to take
over the Middle East in a and a ground
offensive that is the false analogy what
we need to do hold the line on the
Iranian nuclear deal negotiate on the
ballistic missile peace and push back
contain and push back on the terrace a
multi-pronged strategy just like we did
with the Soviet we are giving the
Iranians the high ground in a dispute of
which they otherwise never could have
achieved it there in the international
community these are the people who made
an agreement kept an agreement had a
verified agreement and we are walking
away from it you almost couldn't make
you almost couldn't make this up and to
your point if there are other things
that should be done there should be
restrictions on their ballistic missile
program there should be restrictions on
terrorist activities but walking away
from this agreement doesn't enhance any
of that it weakens all when you when
they say that they want to wipe his
off the face of the map we should ignore
that and not take that sorta turret we
should deter it that's exactly what
we're doing right now so yeah but the
Israelis don't think that Prime Minister
Netanyahu doesn't think that I mean they
show me how this works with Israel's let
me say a couple things and you guys know
that this is the truth when I was in
Iraq in 2011 and they were calling for
the Pentagon was calling for at least
20,000 troops to be any rocks or that we
could prevent the rise of die ash now
known as Isis and they said that there
were hundreds and hundreds of
intelligence officers from Iran any rock
disrupting Iraq you guys can't tell me
that the Iranians don't have an agenda
to take over large swaths of the Middle
East you can't tell me that they're not
funding Hamas they're not following
Alawite trial in Syria the question is
just going out of the sand or will you
guys or harder our argument is is
pulling out of this accord separating
the United States from its its allies
potentially now getting the the Iranians
with no restrictions it's going to make
all that easier what you're saying is
true there is an emerging Iranian super
state that it's going to run all the way
from the Mediterranean to the Afghan
border you're okay I truly thought I am
NOT but this this is not confronting it
this is enabling you're equivocating and
you're rationalizing evil okay there's a
moral relativism to the statements that
you guys are making and me I love the
State of Israel and I want to protect
that state it's an unbelievable ally to
the United States they've got to be
they've got to be replaced at the top
there that's at and we know that and the
president's going to put pressure on
that to allow that to happen ambassador
so the analogy I like is not Hitler's
Germany at Munich the analogy I like is
confronting the Soviet Union and the way
Ronald Reagan dealt with that so he
called the Soviet Union the evil empire
he said they are even called him evil
straight up and at the same time Ronald
Reagan and George Shultz a Secretary of
State my colleague at Stanford
negotiated with the
evil Soviets on arms control and in
parallel to that pushed back on them it
was called the Reagan doctrine funding
what they called freedom fighters in
other places where there are communist
regimes the point is you can walk and
chew gum at the same time you can even
talk about sanctioning Iran for their
ballistic missiles program and not pull
out of the nuclear deal and to me it's
just that you gotta you got to make the
argument how are Americans and people in
Israel by the way I love Israel to tell
me how we're better we are more secure
by pulling out of this deal if you can
hear that argument I mean you're arguing
for regime change that's not exactly the
Trump administration's policy just so
you know so it's just a thought what
you're saying
so starting the day after this they get
more centrifuges they start enriching
your fuel and the Israelis are more
secure we are going to own this nuclear
what Donald Trump pulls us out of this
and they bring up a breakout program we
are responsible for them getting in our
way so it's two on one so I get twice a
time let me let me let me let me rebut
first of all you were talking about a
country that was supposedly atheistic
but it had Christian Orthodox values
this is a this is yes the Soviet Union
they had a transnational ideology to see
okay where they nominate were they an
atheist country what were they nothing
radical religious fundamentalists that
are running this country they think very
very differently than the leadership of
the Soviet Union over that 60 year time
period when we were defeating them this
is a totally different beast you know
that I know that the Ambassador knows
that number two we can agree if you if
you if you want to equivocate with these
people what will happen is you give them
an inch and they take a mile and that's
what the president's saying so we can
disagree let's see we let's see what he
does it two o'clock but I'll make a
prediction for you okay a year from now
we'll be in a better place with Iran the
same way that we're going to be in a
better place on the Korean Peninsula to
the great shock and surprise of all the
pundits and the Talking Heads on cable
television I hope you're right I fear
you're wrong but boy the consequences of
your
for Israel the United States for the
region for Western the leadership of the
Western alliance the consequences of
failure on this are enormous and
generational this is a high-stakes
gamble so we don't need to so were those
stakes as it related to the Cold War
it's over those stakes as it related to
defeating the Nazis and so these are and
by the way I'm not calling for the
United States to have regime change I'm
not calling for that as a domestic or
State Department policy or CIA policy
I'm talking about there are a ton of
secularists in Iran that are tired of
the nonsense from that 39 year old
theocracy by the way and the nuclear
deal just so you know Satan forces do
deal so tell me how how does they do by
playing out of course they support the
deal because it raises their living
standards but you put pressure on this
regime this regime will crack okay
because there the deal is the pressure
that's see the idea that the mullahs
cannot blame the United States and the
Europeans for the catastrophic living
share with them on the loss to look at
the same time it's very hard to hear
there's no hitting angle there's no
hitting the log pin ambassador last
point again I think the the historic
analogy is the Cold War it's not Nazi
Germany we should stay on the deal I
don't see how we are better off tomorrow
by pulling out of the deal and I also
think we're gonna pull out of the deal
and so let's come back a year from now
and I hope you're right I mean I hope
you're right holding out you think we're
pulling out of the do I right now what
do you think bugs then we're pulling out
I think we are pulling out and I think
it's a rescue line to the mullahs I
actually do believe in regime change in
Iran and I think the only way to
preserve peace in the region or
nationally is for the mullahs to lose
power the only way to do that is to keep
them isolated keep in this Accord and
not provide an excuse for the mullahs
that their problems are American
pressure or the Europeans their problem
is their system and the mullahs and the
way to preserve the peace is for them
fail this is a rescue line hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
