all right White House counselor
Kellyanne Conway shared her thoughts
about Schneiderman last night tweeting
gotcha at an old tweet in which
Sneiderman wrote no one else above the
law and I'll continue to remind
President Trump and his administration
of that fact every day given that tweet
it seems that Conway has given a license
to remind people that she's been less
eager to comment on another powerful man
who said on tape that he kisses and
grabs women without consent you submit
that just in case instead kissing her
you know I'm automatically attracted to
beautiful I just started kissing them
it's like a magnet President Trump and
his aides have defended that as locker
room talk 19 women have accused
President Trump of sexual misconduct he
strongly denies their claims Jo gene
Robinson as Jane Mayer said Democrats
immediately stepped forward and called
on Eric Schneiderman to resign and yet
the party that claims that it is the
party of Family Values the party of Mike
Pence that surrounds itself with
preachers it says that Donald Trump
phrase before meetings the party that
has Donald Trump going out I think in
the Rose Garden talking about National
Prayer day soon after he admits to one
lurid affair after another after lying
about them this is I guess the party of
Donald Trump and the party of Mike Pence
there is quite a contrast I mean I mean
let's let's be honest let's be blunt it
was the Democratic Party in the 1990s
that enabled Bill Clinton and would say
behind the scenes that yes they knew
Bill Clinton abused women and treated
them terribly but they still circle the
wagons for him at least the Democratic
Party has figured it out now but the
Republicans Wow unbelievable anybody
opens their mouth again
starik Sneiderman has a zit comin
straight back at him about the man that
they defend day in and day out yeah and
you wonder why people were cynical about
politics you know I think when when when
historians like Meacham look back at at
this period in our politics and and look
at at the Republican Party I think they
will see this failing this as this moral
failing as kind of a hole in the in the
party soul and and I don't know how the
how the party goes forward in that
condition I think that the the
Democratic Party yes it is a
zero-tolerance policy now and and one
hopes going forward I mean that there is
consistency but Eric Schneiderman was a
big deal and and very popular in the
Democratic Party and you know two hours
and 57 minutes huge contrast between
that and the way the President of the
United States is regarded by the party
that preaches about morality a lot and
you know Willie obviously there's a
great personal tragedy here but the
investigation in New York goes on and it
it involves nothing less than the
president the United States it is going
to be so extraordinarily important that
the person that replaces Eric
Schneiderman is not some Albany hack not
somebody who's appointed as a favor to
the governor or somebody else but it's
got to be a top legal mind yeah and
there's already a long list of respected
attorneys who probably one of whom will
be put into that position but you have
to remember that Eric Schneiderman was
viewed by progressives as a resistance
fighter as someone who could fight this
presidency from a position of great
legal authority and great power and have
the ability to actually impact the
presidency and whether or not Donald
Trump remains president through his term
so this progressives on the political
side view as a great loss obviously they
won't miss them now that they know all
the things he's alleged to have done
but they will want progresses will
demand here in New York and and in fact
nationally that someone like
Schneiderman fills that position Eugene
Robinson thank you very much for being
on this morning and still I had a
Morning Joe what's next for the Iran
nuclear deal getting rid of the
agreement has been one of president
Trump's top foreign policy priorities so
is that what he'll do today plus
besieged by the media and legal bills
and feeling abandoned by Washington
Friends of Michael Cohen say the
president's personal attorney is in a
quote dangerous place Emily Jane Fox
will join us with her latest reporting
you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
