the president Trump's legal team has
reportedly picked the anniversary of
special counsel Robert Muller's
appointment to announce whether the
president will grant the investigators
an interview Rudy Giuliani tells The
Wall Street Journal they aim to decide
by May 17th whether the president
testifies ok can I just let me please
this is this is the vernacular in which
we live this is in a reality TV on May
17th it's let you know if we're gonna
let the Constitution survive the nuclear
deal James Madison you're fired
so which by the way has posed challenges
beyond the perjury trap Trump's lawyer
has invoked quote in an informal for our
practice session mr. Trump's lawyers
were only able to walk him through two
questions given the frequent
interruptions on national security
matters along with mr. Trump's
loquacious Ness one person familiar
matter said yes you know me yes you know
isolationist why I mean very smart can
anyone give me some equations where did
he go he went to what buck now I think
Fordham he went to afford him a really
good school and you know McGann the fact
that Donald Trump again everybody around
Trump is scared of robert muller and
they think that robert muller is too
smart for donald trump they think that
that that robert muller will run circles
around him because Muller's the st.
paul's man and went to princeton and
they don't think Trump can keep up with
him
but at the end of the day I guarantee
you this the Supreme Court of the United
States is not going to be announcing
their season premiere of subpoena the
reality TV show wait to watch because
really guys it is it is it's gonna be on
Netflix and it's gonna be far more than
likely it's gonna be a very short Willie
it's gonna be about a
13 second version of peaky blinders
where they're gonna show the scene it's
going to be really violent and then
they're going to say the president has
to actually sit for the deposition well
I don't think about the height and then
that's it that's the end of their show
Oh
based on that report yesterday about
them trying to go through a series of
questions in a mock interview with
robert muller there is a 100% chance
that the president united states would
incriminate himself in an interview with
robert muller think about that Fox and
Friends call in and then add several
hours to that and added prosecutorial
assassin across the table in Bob Muller
can you imagine what would happen in
that interview I wouldn't put him in
that room for a million dollars it was
what he did it was go ahead and he
hasn't done a series it hurts me there's
nobody on set so does everybody on set
agree with Donald Trump's lawyer that
just because Robert Muller is smarter
than Donald Trump or has a better than
education that Donald Trump the Donald
Trump's too stupid to sit across the
table from me because it seems to me if
that's what everybody is saying and if I
were Donald Trump I would make sure that
I prove to them that I wasn't that dumb
rutile vacum well I will say this there
is no way that Donald Trump can can sit
in front of Muller and plead the fifth
I don't think that is politically viable
but Willie I you are suggesting what all
of Donald Trump's lawyers have suggested
all along that Donald Trump's just not
smart enough to sit in front of Robert
Morley and and not be abused well I
didn't I didn't quite put it that way
but what I did what I do know is that
Donald Trump thinks he can talk himself
out of anything and you spent his entire
life doing that he thinks that his charm
Trump's all if you'll forgive the pun
and that's not gonna work with someone
like Bob Muller who's armed with months
and perhaps years worth of facts and and
information about what he thinks Donald
Trump may have done in terms of
colluding with Russia or obstructing
justice after the fact but but no who
can tell
Donald Trump that who's the one who sits
and says you know what I think this is a
bad idea I think this is the one time
mr. Trump where you're not your own best
advocate he'll never listen to that he
wants to sit across from Bob Muller yeah
you know I've been yeah let me ask you
when you say that you can't see Trump
president Trump taking the fifth
amendment why would he be unafraid to
take the fifth amendment look at where
he is today
and look what he's done look what he's
been publicly accused of doing
why would taking the fifth amendment do
you think hurt him among his core
constituency well first of all because
they heard him say that only the mob
takes a fifth amendment but also for
Donald Trump the secret has always been
strength you have to appear strong
appear stronger than you are going back
to what Bill Clinton told Democrats in
the 1990s better to be strong and wrong
than weak and right and so taking the
fifth would make Donald Trump appear to
be extraordinarily weak also a hypocrite
in a way that that could show you know
again you showed the clips from the
convention all the clips of them saying
you only take the fifth if you're guilty
I think it puts him in a bad place so at
least that's my opinion
all right by the way by the way mica I
may I may have it wrong I may be Donald
Trump didn't start at Bucknell or did he
started Sarah Lawrence and then go to
Penn oh it just started war time that's
cool and then he went to Penn and he
graduated from Penn that's right he
graduated from Penn after five
deferments on the same day that forty
Americans were killed in Vietnam that's
right okay still ahead on Morning Joe
New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman has resigned in the wake of
abuse allegations we're going to dig
into the implications there we're
counting down to president Trump's
announcement about the Iran nuclear deal
Admiral James stavridis joins us to talk
about the possible ramifications if the
u.s. leaves the agreement plus its
primary day in several states endangered
House Republicans are running away from
president
Trump but in the Senate it's a different
story we'll have that you're watching
Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
