we begin with the reported tension
inside the White House over Rudy
Giuliani's numerous media appearances
over the past week
Giuliani denies that those appearances
have caused alarm in the White House but
two sources familiar with the
president's thinking tell NBC's Kristen
Welker that the president is finally
I've added that word beginning to lose
patience with some of Giuliani's recent
interviews in which he is at times
contradicted the president and the
administration one source says quote the
president still has confidence in Rudy
but Rudy will need more discipline to
keep the president's confidence Giuliani
tells NBC of Trump quote he's not
frustrated at all
Trump attorney Jay Sekulow said Giuliani
continues to provide valuable counsel to
the president and the legal team and
press secretary Sarah Sanders had this
to say I didn't speak with him
specifically about his feelings about it
but certainly feels that he's an added
member added value member to his outside
special counsel so you will be hearing
Joe from Sarah Sanders a lot of these
words which we've heard before but
you're gonna be certain to hear them all
the time now I have no knowledge of not
that I've heard I have not heard
specifically it's not something I've
spoken to the president about and I
think honestly we should count because
if she says that about everything then
what is she standing there for there the
job has lost his credibility at least
with her in it hmm well I mean she's
been lied to so many times in politics
actually actually that's the the best
thing to do for her at least that
because she's vouched for Donald Trump
before and she's always been put in a
bad position because Donald Trump is she
knows is you know as we all know he lies
all the time he lives in a post truth
world and unfortunately for those around
Donald Trump the rest of us do not live
in a post truth world so if you repeat
Donald Trump's lies everyday well we
already know that about
trumpet you're gonna have to live with
that for the rest of your life you know
Mike Barnicle it's interesting that
Donald Trump went out as he was leaving
the White House a few days ago and said
Rudy needs to get his story straight he
just came on he needs to get his story
straight well Rudy got his story
straight then he went out and said hey
yeah there probably were women that you
know we could expect more women that
that could happen yeah women may come
forward in the future so now Donald
Trump's upset about that and reports
again that this guy may be the latest
version of the mood she may be on his
way out and Joe the more the more this
continues the presidency is theater you
have to ask the question are we being
played by Donald Trump and Rudy Giuliani
because every day Giuliani says
something that is so odd and so at odds
with the law as we as we know it that
you wonder you know are they just
continuing this thing to keep us
preoccupied with things that are going
on in public Giuliani talking I wish
Mike I wish they were that smart
they're not that smart Donald Trump said
during the transition that Rudy Giuliani
was losing it that he was a couple of
steps behind was falling asleep five
minutes into meeting yeah well I can
mention it everybody around Donald Trump
said he was drinking too much Donald
Trump suggested it Donald Trump
suggested as much that was two years ago
and the fact that Donald Trump brought
this guy in two years later despite his
own reservations about him to almost two
years ago that's not any good it's not
3d chess that's that's not I didn't sink
wittingly
that's not even checkers but that's
those that's that's a monkey throwing
pool against the wall and it doesn't
usually turn out well I know but I did
not say wittingly I think I think
just doing this and we're in we're going
along with it look what look what we're
not talking about we're not talking
about severe cuts to the chips
Children's Health Improvement Act we're
not talking really and we will today
about Iran and why you know three allies
Britain Great Britain France and Germany
are not going along with what we're
about to be doing this is this is just a
classic shell game that they had perhaps
unwittingly all right as Joe mentioned
one of the things that Giuliani opened
the door for reporters to ask the White
House about was whether there is
potentially more unknown payouts to
women who claim to have had affairs with
the president you said he this was a
regular arrangement he had Michael
constituted Michael Kahn make payments
to other women for the president I'd
have no knowledge of that but I would
think if it was necessary yes he made
payments for the president or he he
conducted business for the president but
I would refer you to Rudy Giuliani to
respond to any of those questions or
anybody else on the president's outside
counsel you've been in his circle for a
long time though you were on the
campaign is that anything that came
across your desk again I'm not aware of
anything like that but I would refer you
to the president's outside counsel yeah
you know Jon Meacham and this is but
this may get us again it's crazy like
Mike said it may distract us from
talking about the Iran deal for about
five minutes or so but this is actually
significant what Rudy Giuliani has said
according to Jonathan Turley and many
other legal experts he's he's got in the
middle of their narrative and there are
real legal consequences to this stormy
Daniels lawsuit
Michael Cohen's now wrapped inside of it
and again a lot of people a lot smarter
than I am when it comes to these sort of
matters are saying that this actually
may be an existential threat to the
president the United States and putting
Rudy's
Giuliani and there a man who can't keep
a story straight when you're already in
that sort of legal jeopardy why I just
it's like putting Pat Paulsen in as your
attorney general instead of John
Mitchell in 1973 how do you like that
reference we jump that's very impressive
it's very good you know we can do a
mitchell Palmer later if we're gonna
play attorney general jeopardy you know
I I'm not a lawyer
you are mmm I but I have a sense that
it's never a good day when your lawyer
has his office rated by special counsel
you used to run the FBI I'm just I'm
just a simple you know country guy but I
just don't think that's actually a good
thing to happen I think this is what
Rumsfeld used to call a known unknown I
think all of this I think all of this is
in an interesting way is kind of the
taking of the Rupert Murdoch culture to
Washington where if the New York Post
kind of volume and if I'm a level of
nuance actually is now running the
government and so you know is this
Goodfellas meet c-span is that Rudy and
Trump I mean it kind of is and so
they're just what they do and then what
do they fall back on they fall back on a
Roy Cohn strategy of fight fight fight
and the reality doesn't really matter
because the reality is what's in the
paper or what's on the screen at this
particular moment and we goes back to
that report in the New York Times at the
end of last year at Peter and Maggie and
there was some other folks on that story
who said that from pet said to the staff
during the transition let's treat every
day as if it's an episode of a TV show
in which I languish my rifles and if
you're busy vanquishing to go to Mike's
point you can't be busy building and
what comes with that Elise with being
street fighters and being counter
punchers is the truth often evaporates
in the course of that or the truth
doesn't matter in the course of counter
punching and fighting so you have
somebody like on his very first day as
attorney Rudy
on Hannity and in the course of trying
to squash the idea that there were
campaign finance violations explaining
why it may have been a campaign violent
violation to pay off stormy Daniels and
then the scope of what Rudy Giuliani
thought his job was expanded he was up
on a stage spitting on a mock Iran deal
pretending he was ripping it up so in
other words he wasn't being an attorney
but he was being what John described
which is a New York guy who will go and
fight whatever the fight of the day is
for Donald Trump he also announced the
return of kidnapped Americans from North
Korea chosen before the national
security he goes rogue completely has
over you know is out in front of his
skis I really think that the wild card
with all this is it remains the women
and you see this over the past year with
so many women around the country saying
we're sick of it we're sick of men in
power abusing us and it happened last
night with New York Attorney General
Eric Schneiderman I think that the
drumbeat is going to continue Rudy
Giuliani has given them an opening for
more women who potentially have been
paid off to come forward and it's not
going to stop yeah and did Rudy Giuliani
go on TV yesterday so he'll probably
wasn't allowed on right called although
it's the difference the behavior here is
the difference between is John
referenced it between reacting yeah
acting they react a wave of headlines
each and every day they react to it and
the next day a new wave new reactions
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more for morning joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
