as special counsel Robert mullahs Russia
investigation looms over the White House
the president continued to attack the
people leading the investigation Trump
wrote on Twitter this morning and we
quote the 13 angry Democrats in charge
of the Russia went hunt witch-hunt
capitalization are starting to find out
that there is a court system in place
that actually protects people from
injustice and just wait till the courts
get to see your unrevealed conflicts of
interest proper name here to help put
everything in perspective
save spelling and punctuation Jon
Meacham Pulitzer prize-winning author
and historian also we're proud to say an
MSNBC contributor and his new book the
soul of America the battle for our
better better angels is in stores
tomorrow or more appropriately it's an
all-night book store you've got like 15
minutes to wait John you hail from the
great state of Tennessee where you
currently live if people come up at a
signing in two different constituencies
I want to hear your answer to the guy
who says this country wasn't working for
me so you're damn right I voted for
Donald Trump and there's more more work
to be done and we're gonna break some
furniture on the way what do you say to
him and what do you say to the second
person who comes up and sincerely looks
in your eye and says I'm worried about
our country what you say is that there
is room in the American soul for us to
disagree about the means to solve a
problem but our best moments the moments
we look back on the moments we want to
emulate the moments we commemorate the
New Deal the break down of the war
against Jim Crow the Reagan era in many
ways were moments in which we opened our
hearts we opened our arms wider and we
grew stronger this is not a partisan
homily I have voted for Democrats I've
voted for Republicans it is a historical
data point that the more prosperous
we've been the more open we've been free
trade the free movement of people the
free movement of ideas a free press the
stronger we become we're the most
powerful nation in the history of the
world largest air force in the world
is the United States Air Force do you
know what the second one is the United
States Navy's we're doing just fine but
we're doing fine because we've always
widened what Jefferson meant when he sat
down in late June in 1776 and wrote that
we're all created equal you are certain
I've been asked to ask this by a mutual
friend you are certain that what we're
in the middle of is not a cataclysm of
democracy not fed by something
unforeseen by the founders called social
media that has driven us apart and
splintered us your ear you're convinced
it's not a cataclysm
it's a recoverable act absolutely it's
not hey relax we've been this we've been
through this before
it's hey let's get to work and stay at
work because we need to keep making it
work the Constitution is a human
document the Constitution was written
for an hour like this it was written to
stop demagogues it would have stunned
Madison and Morris and Adams and
Washington the idea that we didn't have
a demagogue at the highest levels until
2016 the point was we are sinful we are
driven by appetite we're driven by
ambition we ambition must be made as
they said to counteract ambition and so
that what I suspect our mutual friend
would then say would be well that's fine
but the presidency the president doesn't
respect the rule of law and Congress is
a bunch of quislings they're not they're
not standing up to him there are four or
five six elements in the public sphere
and remember a republic is only as good
as the sum of its parts
there's the presidency there's the
legislature there's the press
there's the courts and there's the
people if you can get two or three of
those forces on the right side we're
gonna be all right right now I think we
have to take the presidency off the
table Congress is on the edge of the
table and about to fall off but the
press is doing a great job the courts
the rule of law has been doing what they
can do and the people we're seeing
remarkable activism whether it's guns in
Florida or
women marching our best moments have
come when those voices of protest have
actually reached the mainstream and
widened the definition of what it is to
be an American to our viewers Jon
Meacham has never written a clunky or
bad sentence and that's a streak he
continues through this new book
fantastic reading what a pleasure to
have you on your tour of the nation's
media good luck out there it's getting
rough these days I hear that here's that
thanks John the book is out tomorrow
again soul of America the battle for our
better better angels get in line now at
your favorite bookseller
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
