coverage of this nationwide bomb scare
continues and we turn now to the climate
for these current events a tense
political mood with this election two
weeks away and a president who let's be
clear goes further than most public
officials indirectly praising and
encouraging violence now as we have
stressed throughout our coverage we do
not know the suspects or motives for
today's attacks the authorities haven't
released that kind of information but we
do know the Donald Trump fans the flames
of political violence and praise an
illegal assault on a journalist as
recently as last week he's walking out
like your big high fives smiling
laughing like to punch him in the face
I'll tell you get him out try not to
hurt him
if you do I'll defend you in court don't
worry about when you see these thugs
being thrown into the back of a paddy
wagon you just see him thrown in ruff I
said please don't be too nice any guy
that you do a body slam he's my cat that
last reference is to a Republican
candidate who pled guilty to assault for
attacking a reporter he actually got a
six-month deferred sentence experts note
there has been a series of violent
events in American politics recently the
so-called pizza gate shooting in
Washington one month after the 2016
election the shooter responding to
right-wing fake news conspiracy theories
about a pizza shop there or the white
supremacist who rallied in
Charlottesville where James fields
killed Heather hire with his car he
actually goes on trial for first-degree
murder for that next month or then
there's James Hodgkinson who shot
Congressman Steve Scalise and a police
officer Hodgkinson had railed against
Republican members of Congress on
Facebook now again we know far more
about those past incidents than today's
since the suspect and motives for these
packages remain unknown but some of the
people closest to at least one of
today's incidents are confronting this
wider climate regarding violence CNN
president Jeff Zucker say exists
brand-new quote there's a total and
complete lack of understanding at the
White House about the seriousness of
their continued attacks on the media I'm
joined now by former Democratic Senator
Barbara Boxer of California and a
Republican strategist Mike Murphy he's
advised several presidential campaigns
including John McCain and Jeb Bush my
thanks to both of you at what is
obviously a serious time for the country
senator boxer I begin with you and the
caveat there's much we don't know but do
you think the CNN president there Jeff
Zucker a colleague of ours a competitor
of ours has hit the right point in
confronting the White House over
rhetoric tonight I'm very proud of him
because he's going up against a
president who has a very large following
in this country who says the press is
the enemy of the people and as you
pointed out praised a congressman who
actually assaulted someone from the
press look Donald Trump has weaponized
politics with names attached and every
one of those people individuals who who
this person tried or people tried to
attack those people have been named by
Donald Trump over and over you've heard
it you've seen it lock her up she's low
IQ it goes on and on President Obama he
still doesn't think he's a citizen and
all the rest it goes on and on he
weaponized politics he named the names
including CNN and yes I think it was
good that that the head of CNN stood his
ground it took Donald Trump days to say
oh yeah the Saudis shouldn't have done
what they did to Khashoggi I mean this
goes on and on it's it's a moment and
either we're gonna grab this moment and
understand it for what it is that it's a
very serious time and every single
person should vote I don't care whose
side you're on it doesn't matter to me
you have to have an opinion about this
one way the other put it in the
calculation get out and vote Mike we
showed earlier in our broadcast what the
president said today that there is no
place for this in our politics here is
though what he has also said about CNN
as a quote enemy which which is this
kind of violent rhetoric an enemy of the
people take a look
CNN is terrible you people do not cover
us accurately you are attacking our news
organizations to ask a question sir they
have been fake news for a long time
they've been covering me in a very very
dishonest way the enemy of the people I
call no I want to be as broad as I can
Mike plenty of politicians do tussle
with the press but when you see
something like today well we don't know
yet what the authorities will determine
about what happened is it time for the
president to go further than saying this
has no place and to also retract those
kind of attacks well words on a three by
five card
written by his staff or too little we
have a certain set of shared values that
hold our democracy together and the main
one is we solve our political choices we
express ourselves with votes not
violence and we've had this increase of
political violence that is incredibly
corrosive to the system it's now we're
built on and as a Republican all say the
president's public comments about
institutions like the media about his
political opponents have been way out of
line for a long long time so I'm the
president said the right things today
but action is what counts and when you
are the head of state as he is you have
a responsibility to tamp down this sort
of thing not not act in a manner that
brings more rage the politics and
frankly encourages both sides to become
brawlers and a cheap reality show they
can only trickle-down and affect people
who might be inclined toward violence so
look this is a crisis beyond Republican
versus Democrat there's a cultural
crisis and the president ought to be a
leader instead of somebody whose
behaviors actually made it worse
senator boxer well yeah he's been a
leader and taking us in the wrong
direction when you think if the great
leaders we have had from both political
parties I I called to mind Abraham
Lincoln the better angels of our nature
appealing to the best in us George W
Bush after 9/11 looking at the camera
and say this isn't about someone who
worships Islam these were the moments
and I could name many others but this
president no way he did read his
statement you know off the teleprompter
it reminds me of all the things he's
done in the past that he never wanted to
do they had to read it this is a guy who
stands in front of the helicopter and
just waxes on and on and on didn't he
have it in his heart to say something
meaningful with some kind of emotion
that two predecessors of his actually
were attacked I mean it's just I'm
stunned it is a moment for the nation
it's too late for this guy to suddenly
become a unit
fire that's the biggest joke in the
world I hope he would do it he's going
to a political rally tonight maybe he'll
tell everybody he's sorry for all the
things he said we'll see and briefly
Mike what would that entail I mean
senator boxer makes the the important
point any other president you would
think would have taken today to make a
point of naming and extending
consideration to people who made it may
have been political opponents at one
time but who are former presidents
facing a very credible efforts to harm
them or the people who protect them who
of course are these brave men and women
of the Secret Service of course look
absolutely his words could get better
but with Donald Trump I'm not that
interested in his words during one
moment in time I want to see repeated
actions I want to see him start acting
like a president and understand his role
and that's something only the next week
will show us beginning with that rally
tonight so rather than parse today's
statement I think the burden of proof is
now in the president who has been a real
outlier on you know look I'm I'm a
political fighter I've happily run
campaigns beating Democrats for a long
time sometimes the rhetoric gets a
little harsh but we're in a whole new
world here and the president is the
amplifier that is has created this
that's new tone in American politics
it's up to him to act in a sustained way
to put it back in the bottle so that's
the test I can't say I'm optimistic
he'll rise to it but maybe he will and
that would politically benefit him
tremendously to would prove he's
actually capable of being a president in
the larger sense than just a partisan
brawler from a reality TV show could I
jump in for just a second you know I
just disagree with this if you can't
speak from the heart when something like
this happens and this is unbelievable
what what has happened here what if
those bombs had gone off that's the
moment you speak from the heart that's
the moment you throw away the
teleprompter that's the moment you look
at the camera so yeah I hope tonight he
can he can do something good I think he
certainly needs to put all the resources
into finding out who did this I trust
this
be a real investigation at the local
state and national level we will find
this out and those are the people who
are responsible but you cannot run away
from the fact that the leader of our
nation has weaponized politics and
attached names to it mm-hmm well as you
say we're speaking on a night where
Americans are taking in these attacks we
don't know all the facts but we know the
targets are the people who serve in
government people who served as
president the people who protect them as
I mentioned the Secret Service and our
colleagues and competitors in the Free
Press that's an attack on a lot of
symbols of America for sure and so we've
heard I think very good points from both
of you coming from different parties
Senator Barbara Boxer Mike Murphy and we
appreciate that tonight will reflect on
some of what you said hey I'm already
melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
