thing one tonight a new window into the
paranoid world of EPA chief Scott Pruett
New York Times combed through 10,000
documents released as part of a Sierra
Club FOIA request among their findings
email show agency officials defining the
prospective Gasset events as friendly or
unfriendly and at one meeting in Iowa
billed as a town-hall event mr. Pruett
answered questions presented him that
were written by EPA officials which
might seem part of the course for a guy
with a $43,000 soundproof phone blurred
booth who traveled first class for
months so he wouldn't be accosted by the
regular people in coach but now Scott
Pruitt's bunker mentality has reached
new extremes
according to Axios Pruitt's chief of
staff Ryan Jackson runs the agency's
operations but rarely knows where his
boss is all of us have been frozen out
over time one EP political appointee
told Axios everyone's miserable nobody
talks
it's a drywall prison of course it's
rational to be paranoid when you have a
lot you don't want people to know like
what you really did last summer on a 120
thousand dollar government-funded trip
to Rome that's thing too in 60 seconds
tonight tonight at long last
apparently senior White House staffers
are urging President Trump to fire Scott
Pro top administration officials telling
you your New York Times that the
president's enthusiasm for Pruett may be
cooling cooling because of the ongoing
cascade of alleged ethical and legal
missteps well you could put it that way
Pruett is after all the subject of 11
count'em federal investigations he's a
loose Ain bolt of the swamp Olympics and
he's apparently got a mantra telling
energy executives quote whoever said you
can't have your cake and eat it too
doesn't know what to do with cake I
don't think I even understand that but
it sounds wrong and speaking of eating
there are brand new details about
Pruitt's to date 120,000 dollar
government funded trip to Italy with
staff last year according to The Daily
Beast for count'em for work-related
events took up four hours of Pruitt's
time according to a schedule
by contrast Pruitt had three private
non-work-related meals including one
at a five-star hotel which took up five
and a half hours of his schedule that's
a long meal so $120,000 to give him four
hours of work five and a half hours of
fine dining even for a man who likes to
have his cake and eat it too that's a
high-priced slice
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
