consider that it was six weeks after
Donald Trump told reporters that he knew
nothing about the stormy Daniels payment
that now he needs another lawyer tapping
Giuliani and he is literally learning
the laws that apply to his client in
real time on live television there's
another lawyer Cohen adversary Michael
avenatti who gave his real-time reaction
to this kind of lawyer it's an absolute
unmitigated disaster for Rudy Giuliani
and the president it's a train wreck I
can't believe that that actually just
happened I mean what we witnessed by
Rudy Giuliani may be one of the worst TV
appearances by any attorney on behalf of
a client in modern times he now expects
the American people to believe that he
doesn't really know the facts I think it
is obvious George to the American people
that this is a cover-up that they are
making it up as they go along
Michael avenatti stormy Daniels lawyer
is here with me now thanks for coming on
the beat tonight thanks Ari
loitering involves adversarial combat
the question for you tonight given
everything we're witnessing is are you
on a roll or is Donald Trump's legal
team just falling apart well I think
both Ari I mean I think that you know
certainly we've had a lot of luck in
this case there's no question about that
you've been lucky well I think there's
no question we've been lucky and and if
anybody that was in our position claimed
otherwise I mean they'd be egotistical
and and completely out of touch in my
view so I think that we've been very
lucky but I also think we've created a
lot of our luck by way of our strategy
and by way of being out there in the
media you know a lot of people have
criticized me for how often I appear on
television and and how active we've been
publicly and in the media well guess
what it's working I mean it's been
anything maybe they're criticizing you
because they're jealous well maybe that
or maybe they're criticizing us because
they're nervous and they're scared and
they're kin they're concerned about
what's going to happen with this
president and Ari I'm going to tell you
they should be very concerned about
what's going to happen with this
president because this situation has
digressed for the other side
considerably over the last few weeks and
what we have witnessed over the last
four to five days was their effort to
try to get out in front of a story that
they lost track of so you just you put
your finger on it
they had
to do this they felt why well but the
probably the problem they had to do it
because they know what's coming next re
and what's coming and what's coming next
is evidence that we have an evidence
that I'm sure is in the hands of law
enforcement by way of the FBI raids and
by way of the fact that Michael Cohen is
gonna flip on this president as I
predicted
weeks ago now everyone else is coming
over to my side and agreeing with me
they had to try to get out in front of
this because they don't want somebody
else to frame it when the evidence hits
but here's the problem let me on that
point and then I'll let you continue on
that point a few yes or no questions do
you have reason to believe that evidence
includes financial documents and the
money trail yes or no yes do you have
reason to believe that it includes
emails or contemporary astride encodings
matters yes and do you have reason to
believe that Donald Trump is personally
implicated in that evidence yes but not
by way of some of the writings because
as we know Donald Trump doesn't do a lot
of writing doesn't do a lot of text
message or emails so on points one and
two that speaks to the theory of the
case that if the feds have it and Rudy
generally knows the feds have it because
these are literally the Southern
District of New York investigators that
he used to work with it now he
apparently sometimes criticizes then he
knows how this works but on point number
three which is you know is what most
people in the country are really
interested in is does Donald Trump at
the end of the day walk away from all of
it by saying I don't know what Michael
did you don't have anything on me and
writing you don't have any record
evidence on me well I don't think that's
gonna be the case because I also think
that the testimony that Michael Cohen
Walt amelie provide relating to Donald
Trump what he did what when he knew it
and how he proceeded is going to be
devastating for him and that's been my
position you know for some time but
here's the problem with this theory this
theory of let's get out in front of it
Ari that might have been a great theory
and strategy two or three months ago
back in January or February but that's
not what happened The Wall Street
Journal piece broke we then subsequently
filed our lawsuit in between you have
Michael Cohen who went on the record we
then came in after we filed our lawsuit
came forward with a number of
accusations allegations some evidence
and we've taken the fight to them for
the last two months and other than David
Schwartz who made a a cameo appearance
on behalf of Michael Cohen a disastrous
cameo appearance they
been nowhere so now all the things you
think his character arc is over there's
no question it's over but I have to tell
you never did I think that they that the
other side would find an attorney that
would actually make David Schwartz
birthday but but they did they found one
so those days ago the Giuliani's
performance actually makes mr. Schwartz
as performance look epic well so this is
something I definitely want to talk to
you about as you know when you prepare
for Court you are taught never to ask a
question you don't know the answer to
one of the fun parts of working on this
show is I get to ask questions I have no
idea the answer and I really don't and
I've been thinking about it and I have
been in and around Rudy Giuliani as a
legal figure for a long time do you know
why his performance appears so bad
and whether he at the end of the day
just has not mastered the details and
the facts and the law on this matter in
which case he shouldn't go out there and
until he has Mari I couldn't agree with
you more but look let's be really clear
about something
this isn't quantum physics okay this is
not that complicated of a case when Rudy
Giuliani says well I'm not up on the
facts and when President Trump says well
he hasn't had enough time to get up on
the facts what are you talking about it
doesn't take that long to get up to
speed on the facts this is very simple
was there an affair was there a cover-up
did he know about the agreement did he
rehearse the payment when did he know
about it when did he reimburse the
payment how long does it take to get up
you did six from a federal election law
point which is a side point to your case
as a civil matter but the federal
election law question point seven is
what was the intent of the payment and
as we showed it in our reporting tonight
the only thing you have to do if you're
an election lawyer right telling your
client is listen this is personal
repeat after me personal not campaign
you cannot have the intent to misuse
right the money and Rudy not even don't
Rudy goes out there and says initially
well maybe it was for the campaign
October I that means to me that says to
me as a lawyer that perhaps he has not
read the basic election law under
girding the case correct Rudy's
understanding of election law is that if
the payment reimbursement one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars if it did
not come from campaign funds then
there's no election law violation
everything's fine
he demonstrated that understanding
Wednesday night that's not the law you
know it and I know it so why is he doing
so poorly
well because hey I think he's mistaken
on the law be I don't know how but he's
mistaken on the basic facts and and see
he hasn't he hasn't mastered the other
thing that they teach you in law school
as it relates to advocacy and that is
sometimes you need to know when to shut
up
hmm sometimes sometimes the best thing
you can do as an advocate is to say
nothing I think it was uh ASAP Rocky who
said sometimes the best advice is no
advice and with the advice that Rudy's
been giving Trump apparently through the
television maybe it should be just less
advice overall I do want to play
Giuliani speaking to George
Stephanopoulos about whether there was
even a meeting between his client Donald
Trump and stormy Daniels take a look you
know I'm not really involved in the
Daniels thing so I don't I don't know I
mean he denies did it happen she has
written a letter denying it well we do
have a picture of them together so the
president well it depends on it turns
watching me by matter it's I guess it
does depend what you mean by matter but
when he says legally that he's not
involved in the Daniels matter this is
your client you represent he has
literally been brought in after Michael
Cohen's ouster to be a part of the
Russia probe in the federal cases how do
you say then that you're not involved in
this matter
re I have I have no idea I mean I'm
gonna stand by what I said yesterday I
mean this is this is probably the worst
performance that certainly I have ever
witnessed by an attorney on television
on behalf of a client in modern times I
mean he's making it up as he goes along
there's no concise message here he
doesn't even come prepared to answer the
questions it just makes no sense and I
want to go back to something else you
said because I think it's important he
even contradicts himself of a few times
within the same interview he initially
said that the payment had nothing to do
with the campaign and then there's two
instances in the transcript where he
suggests that it may have had something
to do with the campaign but it was also
personal well that's not good enough as
you referenced it's got to be all
personal it can have nothing to do with
the campaign otherwise you subject
yourself to a potential campaign finance
file
I don't know if you're
for a little FEC law seminar but it's
called the irrespective test because the
tests under the FEC rules is the payment
would have been made irrespective so all
you have to do is get on the right side
that line as you said he continued to
blur it while claiming to clean up for
it was wild hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
