right now it's Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut he's remember
that Senate Judiciary Committee
Betsy Woodruff is politics reporter for
The Daily Beast in an MSNBC contributor
and Paul Butler's a former federal
prosecutor and an MSNBC analyst as well
well I want to start with the center on
this question is Rudy Giuliani being
clever like a fox
is he raising the noise level and
keeping this stormy story all over the
news 24/7 now to distract us the subject
distract everybody from the Russian
probe which is the really lethal danger
of the president's facing or is he just
doing it wrong because he's supposed to
build put this story behind the
president and he's putting it out front
every night and pushing it forward I
think he's doing the president
disservice whether he means it as a
distraction he has certainly put the
president in a very very precarious
position politically as well as legally
he's directly contradicted him yeah and
his denials of reimbursement he has in
effect joined him more closely with
Michael Kohn and yeah a bed of quicksand
it's a legal quicksand for him and there
is no such thing as a perjury trap
unless Bob MOA were to violate
Department of Justice what is a perjury
trap well a perjury trap is ordinarily
speaking as a former prosecutor where
you call a witness into an interview or
the grand jury without any real evidence
on him and literally ask him questions
that are designed to trap him in a
contradiction so he can be charged with
perjury all the present United States
has to do is to tell the truth that's
all he has to do what do you think Ken
Starr was doing with President really go
to the prosecutor on this the ball what
do you think President Clinton was
facing when Ken Starr put him in the box
one and out of nowhere it goes from
Paula Jones to Monica Lewinsky well then
we also the face of the present like
most people go what I didn't I was
coming yeah so again I dissociate it
which is what President Trump should do
usually the grand jury you're the
witness in there by yourself with the
prosecutor the deal with Clinton was
that his defense attorney could be there
and the questioning was limited I'm sure
that not
be willing to do something like that
with Trump but Trump is afraid because
he knows the truth will implicate him
again the question for Bill Clinton was
relatively simple did you have a sexual
relationship with mrs. Lewinsky Miss
Lewinsky and Clinton got kind of cute
with it again if your before the grand
jury you have to tell the truth the
whole truth and nothing but the truth
we know Donald Trump has a really
difficult time with that let's see the
PR party the political parties inside no
the legal question
raising the the noise level which is
what Rudy's doing so we're talking about
a weekend then it's Saturday Night Live
you got you know what's the name stormy
Daniel in signing that like playing
herself I'd never say it's a travesty
anybody who's like twenty years old now
thinks this is American democracy the
last ten years we wouldn't have gotten
this far and this is American democracy
it's crazy time but it's raising the
noise level is that helping Trump
because we're not talking about Russia
which is what would bring them down
I don't think us talking about Russia is
going to be what may or may not bring
the president down the reality is that
Moeller is doing his own work he's going
to do it regardless of whether or not we
cover it or talk about it or what's
happening in the outside noise the
outside noise doesn't matter to Muller
what Muller is working on is his own
project that said I think we cannot
overstate the dramatic 'no switch the
president's legal team has changed in
the last week not only Giuliani sort of
coming of age and doing so much TV all
day every day but additionally another
lawyer started at the White House I
believe on Wednesday named Emmett flood
Emmett flood is taking over for Ty Cobb
now Ty Cobb was the guy who was very
amicable towards Muller
he supported Muller in many ways he
would say positive things about the
Muller probe to the president Cobb is
now on his way out and the guy who's
replacing him and that flood is somebody
who's seen is much tougher much more
aggressive and much less likely to
support the idea of having the president
sat down I want to ask you about it what
I think we've been talking about all day
with the producers trying to figure out
what guru Dee's up to if he's up to
anything illogical is he up he says in
answering to George Stephanopoulos
George did a great job you say pushing
him on a lot of points on ABC and he
finally said George has some a great
question is this the only case basically
where he paid off somebody to keep quiet
and he said well there may have been
others yes well well he didn't have to
say there
but said I don't know but he did seem to
lead a bit is that the defense this was
not an election related decision to pay
her off hundred thirty to be blunt about
it it was something that he does all the
time then whenever there's a
relationship they have to cover up they
have to hush up they pay some money out
of this regular draw he has some thirty
five thousand a month that seemed to be
the Giuliani defense to protect him
against the charge that this payoff was
related to an election therefore an FCC
violation what do you think the defense
would be it was personal not can we do
it all the time and will that work and
it ain't the first time right and I have
to keep my former mistresses quiet to
protect me against my wife right but
that work blip will that work in court
it will not work in court when in my
view I think even before we reach that
point we will have a reckoning to take
your opening very very seriously because
I think that Giuliani interview
indicated that a subpoena to the
president it√≠d states is increasingly
necessary and indeed unavoidable I think
we're going to have a confrontation even
before that point is reached in court
well today Rudy Giuliani told the Wall
Street Journal that the president's
legal team hopes to decide decide
whether president should testify by May
17th by the way that's five days after
the Iran decision this weekend Giuliani
told Trump said Trump could defy a
subpoena from Robert Moore well let's
get to your point senator let's watch
Rudy denying than this the necessary
here what happens if Robert Muller
subpoenas the president will you comply
well we don't have to he's the president
United States we can assert the same
privilege as other presidents have are
you confident the president will not
take the fifth in this case oh how could
I ever be confident of that when I'm
facing a situation with the president
and all the other warriors are in which
every lawyer in America thinks he'd be a
fool to testify I've got a client who
wants to testify
please don't he said it yesterday and
you know Jay and I said to ourselves my
goodness I you know we I hope we get a
chance to tell him the risk that he's
taking so he may testify to the Senators
point Paul what about the risk of the
defying a subpoena
Nixon couldn't defy the Supreme Court
came down against me zero they said you
have to testify you have to give over
the tapes which brought him down Bill
Clinton went his attorney Robert Robert
Bennett they decided they had to respond
to the to the the danger of a subpoena
the end of the threat of a subpoena so
why does this lawyer
Rudy Joanne I think that he can defy a
subpoena so their argument is that the
Paula Jones case was about a civil
matter this is a criminal matter and the
Nixon case was about evidence as opposed
to testimony at the end of the day that
will not persuade the Supreme Court it
may go all the way up there which will
take a long time you think if they
really three or four months yeah but at
the end of the day the Supreme Court's
going to say you're President Trump not
King Trump which psq senator because
this is a tricky question I'm looking at
it this way people around here thinks
John Roberts in the end will say you
gotta honor this subpoena that you may
be a conservative but he's
institutionalist you never could figure
out Anthony Anthony Kennedy you might
figure out a lead oh I don't know some
of the real conservatives like Clarence
Clarence Thomas well like what would you
think the court would do I think the
court would it break the inanimate
unanimously I can't say it will be
unanimous but all of the legal reasoning
and principles that led to the court
unanimously saying to Richard Nixon you
must provide those tapes will Lee it was
a more liberal Court it was a more
liberal Court but remember this is about
law enforcement it's about the structure
of our Constitution is about whether our
constitutional design prevents a
despotic president from abusing his
power to prevent him from being
investigated and brought to Johnny
that's how I end the show with that
questions here wait a minute gentlemen
Betsy know what the Trump people accept
the fact that he defies the subpoena
would they stick with the 47% stick with
him do we think I think without a doubt
I think the deep state has tried to
subpoena President Trump and he needs to
keep fighting his point at the end the
show this is big casino anyway the
prospect of president Trump leading the
fifth tomorrow raised a significant
political risk thanks in part to his own
past comments here he was the president
in September of 2016 talking about
Hillary
Clinton campaign aides let's watch that
her staffers taking the Fifth Amendment
how about that there are five people
taking the Fifth Amendment like you see
on the mob right you see the mob takes
if it if you're innocent why you taking
the Fifth Amendment you know he talks
like a guy in a street corner what are
you doing you're taking the fifth you
know you got the code open the big tie
and he's talking like he might know some
of those guys what do you think of that
he says he guys we all grew up with the
idea fifth member Joe McCarthy fifth
amendment communist if you take the
fourth amendment and we have to begin on
his ass right of course but that was the
that was the slur we have to begin this
conversation as good lawyers do by
saying everybody's entitled to fifth
amendment and a judge will instruct a
jury no adverse inference from it but
the American public knows that it is for
the present United States to take the
Fifth Amendment is a staggering
admission of criminal liability
it would be worth shattering for the
president United States because he had
would you advise Trump to take the fifth
of your back practicing I would advise
him not to take the Fifth Amendment
would you talk advices not to tell the
truth and I would advise him to tell the
truth even it brings him down on Russia
well resident would he presumably thinks
he is innocent of any wrong okay you
said mr. president did you ever talk to
anybody in your campaign about talking
to the Russians did you ever what's he
say well I never talked to Papadopoulos
I never talked to Manafort about the
Russians I never talked to my kids about
the Russians that ever it's like they're
Roger stone about the Russians that's
the point Chris so the question would be
did you conspire with the Russians to
subvert our democracy and his answer
would be I can't say because the it
would incriminate me if I told the truth
it would incriminate me what does that
say about what well a friend of mine
lawyer in Philly who's been involved
with politics for his whole life once
told me if you're not running for office
again take the fifth wouldn't you think
of that Paul advice to a client yes so
as a defense attorney
anyone who owes a competent lawyer would
advise President Trump to take the fifth
again he's got one posture as the
subject of a major criminal
investigation right but another posture
as the president of the United States to
presume leader of but if he lies he
won't be president stick well that's up
to Congress again that's anybody's guess
well anyway I think it's big it's the
reckoning is coming I think what you
said said of the fact that Rudy Giuliani
is out there saying don't testify even
if you're even if you're subpoenaed I
think that's the heart of the question
is the instead of monarchy is it a
constitutional republic anyway thank you
senator richardville as always and as
always of Connecticut and Thank You
Betsy Woodruff thank you for being here
as the reporter on debate on this thing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
