our own Peter Alexander press Sarah
Huckabee Sanders in the briefing today
about about the president's role in
making Twitter and and and the internet
more hostile let's watch does he accept
responsibility for this climate that
exists right now that there is the need
to sort of address an issue like cyber
bullying I think the idea that you're
trying to blame cyber bullying on the
president is kind of ridiculous when it
comes to kids this is something that has
been problematic and something that we
have seen over the last decade and the
first lady sees it to be an important
issue and something that she wants to
address um I have a kid kids certainly
model the behavior that they see from
adults I mean she's just she's a mom
she's lying again from the podium
yeah and they you know I wonder about
baron too right I remember about the Sun
and the impact that what he hears about
you know what he hears about his father
but also what happens when I was stuck
with him with cyberbullying and I that
having worked in a couple of White
House's and watch First Lady's good
through difficult things it's probably
not all that complicated
I think her message from the podium was
a message to the president a knighted
States today about his own behavior and
it's her own way that she can push back
on him and you know I think we tried to
make things a little more complicated
sometimes and they really are and I just
take a lot of what she does at face
value it shows us what's really
bothering her she also the the post has
some incredible reporting about the
complicated relationship between her and
and the president's very high profile
West Wing adviser Ivanka Trump The Post
reports Ivanka 36 and Melania both
former models do not have a close
relationship and are very different from
one another several people who know them
both said Grisham whose milania's aide
or advisor said it was not only wrong to
say milani of us not close to her
stepdaughter but hurtful noticeably
milania's presence is growing as
Ivanka's fades what do you make a lie of
sort of you know the broader picture a
picture of Donald Trump and the women
high-profile women in his orbit well I
mean it's just it's always been very
strange in the way he that he would
for to his daughter as you know talked
about women being beautiful and you
remind me of my daughter
and there's always been sort of a
strange bleeding into you know all these
different feelings and objectification
of women including his own daughter it's
it's always been very strange it's true
that we all know this through our report
in covering this White House that the
Ivanka and Jared power center that
existed in the first few months of this
presidency has receded and so maybe
Melania senses a vacuum but I agree with
Jen that this is actually something that
she's genuine about and she is she's
against bullying she's against online
trolling but this is in its own way a
troll of her husband hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
