so Sam there's no outreach to
independence we've established that for
two years
pollsters say they're bleeding
independence and folks on the Left have
become fond over this weekend to
pointing out that the senators who voted
YES represent 143 million people
senators who voted no represent a
hundred eighty-one million people memo
to the framers that can't be fixed right
now but is this just a strategy Sam of
kind of doubling down and and taking
that forty percent out for another spin
yeah I think so I mean it's not just the
Senate in in the disproportionate
representation there I mean when you
talk to people who are deeply hurt by
this whole process they will point out
correctly so that presidents who have
lost the popular vote have appointed for
the last six Supreme Court justices so
there is this concept of minority rule
that is overshadowing all this now
that's just the you know just how our
system is set up you could have far more
grievances with how the house which is
supposed to be representative is not
representative all but that's putting
the question aside you're asking are
they trying to just bring out the forty
purse and the answer is obviously yes I
talked to Steve Bannon about this about
a month ago and and his point was very
valid in that point in that in that
moment he said if we're gonna win this
election it's not gonna be about winning
over suburban women who by and large
have written off Donald Trump it's not
gonna be about winning over independents
it's gonna be about bringing out the
base of true Trump supporters including
people who never voted before until the
2016 election bringing them out and
getting to the polls again and the way
to do it is twofold one is to tell your
accomplishments which is actually noted
Trump is not doing and the other one is
to warn about things to come and so what
you see is not just the mob talking
point that Mitch McConnell put up you
see increasingly warns people warning
about impeachment you see people talking
about Democrats launching never-ending
investigations including into kavanah
these are all forward-looking ominous
signs that Republicans are putting out
there for voters to bite on but they're
primarily targeting the what Steve
Boehner calls the deplorable the people
who voted for Trump and May
got complacent cuz they weren't
politically active until 2016
he feels like Trump needs to bring me in
2018 it seems like Trump is buying into
that logic
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
