president Trump's personal attorney has
acknowledged paying an adult film
actress tens of thousands of dollars in
the final days of the 2016 presidential
campaign Cohen said neither the Trump
organization nor the Trump campaign was
a party to the transaction and neither
reimbursed me for the payment either
directly or indirectly
Michael would represent me and represent
me on some things he represents me like
with this crazy stormy Daniels deal he
represented me from another law firm and
the president repaid it oh I didn't know
that he did it wasn't for the campaign
it was to save their marriage as much as
however imagine if that came out on
October 15th 2016 in a little of the you
know last debate with Hillary Clinton is
now law professor at George Washington
University Jonathan Turley he has a new
piece this morning in USA Today entitled
Rudy Giuliani's flubs may let stormy
Daniels take down president Trump and
former White House Counsel to President
Obama and NYU Law Professor Bob Bauer
who has a new piece in law fair entitled
the cohen reimbursements and retainers
tall tales and other possibilities so
there's actually it seems like Rudy
Giuliani has made it quite clear
although we can take it to the legal
panel that there are a few other
possibilities were there many other
possibilities you also I mean when you
had Rudy Giuliani on Fox & Friends and
our friends over at Fox and Friends look
like somebody taken a cattle prod to
them when when he was when he was saying
that things he was saying it was
shocking they followed up with some
great questions and then he actually
even shocked I mean something happened
on Sean Hannity show that doesn't
usually happen it went off-script and he
even shocked Sean Hannity it with that
admission that Donald Trump paid paid
paid her off I'm wondering though
Jonathan Turley let's let's take it out
of the realm of cable news and take it
to the courts all of these admissions
all of these all of these conflicting
statements actually could put Donald
Trump in serious legal jeopardy and you
write about it this morning tell us
about it well it can the problem is not
the campaign finance charge it's
that can be brought as a criminal case
there is a good defense here being lost
in bad delivery there is the
irrespective test that is used by the
FEC that they are trying to articulate
but the problem is really the
investigation itself the investigation
has been in the field they have a search
warrant referring to the payments of
stormy Daniels any effort to influence
witnesses withhold evidence produce
false narratives could be the
obstruction case that that has so far
evaded robert muller because with with
regard to the Comey matter it's more
complex because the president is using
his inherent constitutional powers but
with stormy Daniels all that falls away
if you try to influence witnesses
obstruct efforts with regard to that
investigation it's a much clearer shot
for the Southern District to allege
something like obstruction so Bob Bauer
I you talked about tall tales and other
possibilities are the other
possibilities I mean what I feel like
it's just obvious here if this retainer
exists there's probably other payments
that's correct the problem tonight from
the beginning is that there is no
coherent theory that mr. Giuliani
articulated I think as Professor Turley
was indicating there's an argument that
he might make but the reimbursement has
nothing to do with it the reimbursement
doesn't cure the violation in any way
whatsoever so the question is why are
they putting this forward so
aggressively and the answer may be that
this payment to mr. Cohen
may take place in the context of other
concerns concerns unrelated to campaign
finance that mr. Trump may have bear in
mind that at some point in the
interviews that mr. Giuliani has said he
suggested that these payments might have
been made as late as 2018 so here you
have the president in the middle of the
Muller investigation making payments to
mr. Cohn and those are payments by the
way that exceed $400,000 well in excess
of the amount that was paid by mr. Cohen
to miss Daniels so the question is what
are these payments for what is the
reason for this particular timing Joe
yeah yeah a Peter Baker can you tell us
take us inside the White
and the sense of helplessness but staff
members must have with Rudy Giuliani and
Donald Trump sort of winging it as they
go leaving them in an unenviable
position of trying to explain the latest
the the latest narrative wherever those
two decide it's going to Rome yeah you
could imagine what that's like you're
sitting there watching television is a
eighth of the present United States
particularly those who have been out in
public on television or elsewhere
defending him suddenly seeing Rudy
Giuliani give a very different version
of events and now suddenly you're left
holding the bag how do you explain it
how do you defend the president are you
even in part of the conversation you're
not and I think that for any White House
that is a very very disconcerting
feeling Sarah Sanders was left to
explain from the from the podium that
she you know gives the best information
she has in any given time meaning that
they're not telling her the truth in
effect and she's left at the podium to
explain that no white house press
secretary likes that other White House
press victories have rebelled when that
happened that's become a very big point
of friction inside of White House and I
imagine you could see something like
that happening or playing out in the
days to come
so Meacham I want just ask you a
question I was talking the other day on
Friday to Jack Quinn who was the what a
what a Bill Clinton White House
counsel's in the 95 to 97 period so pre
Monica but in the middle of whitewater
yeah and Jack made this point which was
that they had been the president
President Clinton at the time attacked
Ken Starr frequently not himself but he
had a whole operation set up now but
that that operation was set up outside
the White House in the form of people
like Chris Lehane and Mark Viviani so
that precisely so that Mike McCurry
could stand at the last podium and never
have to take questions that would get
him into the kind of trouble that Sarah
Huckabee has gotten into we're sure
hugged me Sanders has gotten into where
she's had to give bad information to lie
whatever that that bifurcation worked
really well for them keep the politics
over here keep the people's business
over here and that was both a good
political strategy and live sensibly
good for the country is that not part of
the problem here for Trump which is that
the whole operation again even just in
terms of Trump self-interest is the lack
of of a code of a coherent strategy
where the polity
it's just they're not doing this in a
rigorous thoughtful way it's just
indiscriminate flailing and Rudi is the
ultimate symbol of that to some extent
there are a couple of norms breaking
down one is the press-secretary roll the
other is the White House Council itself
which used to represent the office of
the president institutionally and now is
seems to be representing the president
in his personal capacity whether there
are nuances there but clearly some
visored so they say this weekend a
wonderful line
there's the West Wing and then there's
Donald Trump and one of the mysteries of
the era to me is why he doesn't do what
is self-evidently in his own interest
what you're saying about setting up a
Lanny Davis like operation outside
outside the White House the other thing
is this is a more general point but he
creates his own dramas right so he says
something he electively challenges some
cultural convention then gets mad when
people like us talk about it and it's
the self-defeating cycle
and it doesn't hate we used to say it
doesn't have to be this way maybe it
just does maybe there's no capacity to
learn or Grove might actually try John
to do exactly we were talking about last
summer they had explored this idea of a
bifurcated system where like they would
have as you say a landing Davis part of
the West Wing was different than that
part doing the policy right Steve ban
and try to do that other try do that it
just didn't fly because this president
doesn't want to separate these things he
didn't want to not be part of it himself
so Bob Bauer I want to ask you this
question just because a lot of Friday as
you know in the Paul Manafort case the
judge in that case there was news
reports that came out where the judge
basically was very tough on Bob Mars
investigation and said essentially this
Manafort case has nothing to do with the
campaign has nothing to do with his
remit
Donald Trump seized on that in his
speech at the NRA out of Friday and the
White House is taking that up as a
talking point I want you to just answer
the question whether you think legally
what's going on there and what that
portends potentially in the Manafort
case and more broadly from Muller and
then maybe take I'll talk a little bit
about whether even if it's a good
political talking point for the White
House
it's not of any particular consequence
unless it turns out to be damaging on
the legal front yes I think the White
House is getting ahead of itself here I
wouldn't read nearly as much into the
judge being tough on the government
that's not unusual we see the sort of
thing happen all the time where in the
course of the questioning the court
seems to be you know pushing hard on
both parties so who is to say what
ultimately will happen here I have to
say and I don't know many people I've
spoken to in the legal community who
would disagree it's hard for me to see
anything in the Muller investigation at
the moment that doesn't represent
doesn't constitute standard
investigative technique for him to push
hard on the campaign manager to Donald
Trump Donald Trump on these other issues
and to attempt to induce his cooperation
on the matters that are squarely within
his mandate doesn't seem to me at all
exceptional now we'll see what the judge
ultimately says but I think the White
House want to be careful not to push
that talking point too hard because it
might wind up being very embarrassed by
the outcome Nick well then and that's
what was I mean for me this weekend hard
to read from some friends who are so
excited right and conservative journals
and some trumpets also that we're acting
as if the the judge in the Eastern
District of Virginia had somehow put a
Thor like lightning bolt on the head of
Robert Muller
it was it was procedural he said hey
listen what they did in the Southern
District of New York where they moved
the case it didn't fit neatly in to your
your area
Robert Muller they moved it there why
didn't you do it in Virginia that may be
that may be a more relevant way to do a
more better way to do it then legally
then the way that you've done it here
but yet Nick confess or E I mean it's
basically saying so wait I think I think
maybe you should just kick this back to
the Eastern District and have them do
for Manta for what the Southern District
of New York is doing with Cohen so Nick
that hardly seems like this knockout
blow that we've been reading about all
weekend look it's hard to know at this
stage it's certainly possible the judge
was kind of beating the government
the ear is a little bit on procedure but
but a question for professor Turley I
just want to go back to these payments
to Cohen for a second so to put you on
the spot Jonathan if you're looking at
the four corners of the facts and the
law here the the versions of the story
put out by the president by his lawyer
and by his other people what judgment
will a judge make about the purpose of
these payments do you think well the
problem with the Giuliani defense is not
that it's not legitimate it's just that
the facts don't fit neatly in fact the
Department of Justice showed with John
Edwards that simply claiming that these
payments would be made irrespectively is
not an absolute defense the problem of
course is the delivery it's the same
problem with a clown car you know that
the problem with the clown cars not the
car it's its fact it's filled with
clowns
and you've got a perfectly good car so
the class in this metaphor are a lot the
point the point is simply that look they
have a viable case here in terms of
irrespective the respective tests but
they need to have a better delivery but
at the end of the day it's not an
absolute defense it is it with Giuliani
did not move this ball by converting
something from a gift to a loan to an
expenditure it comes down to the context
and whether it's believable that this
would have been paid irrespectively of
the campaign all right Jonathan Turley
and Bob Barra thank you both for your
insight this morning and still I had one
official says she didn't want to be the
next Ronnie Jackson Trump CIA pick Jena
Haspel tried to back out of her
nomination but was talked out of it by
the white house The Washington Post
Carroll led lenok joins us with her
latest reporting next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
