well there are new questions about
Michael Cohen's role as Donald Trump's
fix her and whether he maintained a
secret slush fund to make damaging
stories disappear during the election
according to The Wall Street Journal
Cohan gained access to as much as
three-quarters of a million dollars
during the presidential campaign citing
real estate records The Journal reports
that in February of 2016
Cohan nearly doubled the amount he could
use on a line of credit tied to his
Manhattan condo he closed one two
hundred and fifty five thousand dollar
account and opened another four a half
million three months before that The
Journal reports that Cohen gained access
to another five hundred and twenty nine
thousand dollars tied to his wife's
parents mortgage Cohen is currently
under federal investigation in a broad
case that includes the payments to
stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal
the Playboy Playmate who also claims she
had an affair with Trump The Journal
reports that federal prosecutors and the
FBI are examining whether Cohen
committed bank fraud by making false
statements to obtain loans or by miss
stating the intended purpose of the
loans like when he claimed he used a
home equity line of credit to pay stormy
Daniels yesterday Rudy Giuliani was back
in front of the cameras and was asked
about the retainer to the the president
used to reimburse Cohen you said he this
was a regular arrangement he had with
Michael constant did Michael Khan make
payments to other women for the
president I have no knowledge of that
but I would think if it was necessary
yes he made payments for the president
or he he conducted business for the
president which means he had legal fees
monies laid out and expenditures which I
have on my bills to to my clients it was
not a campaign contribution if it would
have been done anyway this is the kind
of thing that I've settled for
celebrities and famous people every
lawyer that does that kind of work has
according to Rudy Giuliani this was
basically commonplace that the president
had effectively an extramarital affair
slush fund that was administered by
Michael Cohen and
that he would just be expected to take
care of these things they were a regular
occurrence I mean that in and of itself
should be very disturbing most people of
means most people have wealth and
celebrity they don't have extramarital
affairs slush funds and the suggestion
is insulting
so Mika first of all I just it's
important for us at this point it blow
up a lie that Donald Trump and Rudy
Giuliani keep spitting out there and
Giuliani keeps saying oh this would have
been paid anyway this has nothing to do
even if there weren't a presidential
election this would have been paid
anyway it bears repeating that Donald
Trump and stormy Daniels got together
and at least met allegedly had an affair
in 2006 got it right 2006 right they end
up paying her off a week before the
election ten years later so Rudy
Giuliani makes himself look like a fool
makes the president look like a lawyer
makes it look like then this is a
cover-up which I guess apparently it is
because he keeps lying saying oh this
would have happened anyway no it
happened and the timing is what's so
devastating ten years separate from the
incident they pay her off because what's
two weeks away the presidential race
that's why the Federal Elections
Commission ultimately needs to be
involved well and I mean Heidi first of
all I don't know why word he is JIT
there right now because he keeps making
things worse it must be that he's free
and he wants to be near someone in power
even though the situation seems to be
careening to a terrible end having said
that is there any other way of looking
at these payments especially the
timeline that show laid out he really
created a public relations and
potentially legal problem for the
president by making him the president
look like a liar when he said on Air
Force One that he didn't know about
those payments Joe and Mika I was in
touch with White House officials over
the weekend who were going out on the
air trying to clean all of this up and
now it looks like there's more than just
the president trying to
clean up after rudy guiliani but other
officials who are now saying well let's
parse this a little bit more even and
say that the president didn't know at
the time that the payments were made not
that he didn't know period and so we
still have no clarity from this White
House probably because the president
himself is giving so many conflicting
accounts to his aides of when exactly he
learned from this payments but no second
there is no other way to interpret it in
the second problem here that was created
by Giuliani over the weekend was saying
that they're implicating that there may
be other payments let's do the math here
we've got about four hundred thousand to
about seven hundred thousand dollars
that was sent over to Michael Cohen only
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
now do we have accounted for in terms of
the payment to store me Daniel so when
Rudy Giuliani says there could be other
women out there and we have previous
reporting from Michael avenatti saying
that he had been approached by all of
these other women it you have to wonder
if there isn't another second big wave
to this story you know Nick come to sori
one of the things they don't understand
about Michael Cohen the finances and the
these payoffs and I'm having to take out
a loan against his in-laws houses you
read in The Times in the Washington Post
this is a guy whose father-in-law was
connected I believe the Ukrainian
mobsters as far as at least they rented
out his Hall he had a interest in that
he's sells real estate
makes twenty five million in profit or
all these massive numbers out there and
then he's struggling to get two hundred
thousand dollars to have a credit line
on his in-laws parents to pay off stormy
Daniels in the final days of the
campaign can you help me out on this
what's the what's the difference between
the tens of millions of dollars that he
seems to be moving around and then him
struggling to make a hundred and twenty
thousand dollar hush payment well Joe
it's the exact right question and
Cohen's finances are the biggest mystery
here how could he make thirty or forty
million dollars in
real estate flip and be hankering after
a hundred grand on a home equity loan
some years later it doesn't actually add
up and erases the questions that I
believe are at the heart of the
investigation de Cohn who is money was
that really whose transactions are those
who purchased those apartments from
which he made on paper than millions of
millions of dollars it doesn't add up
something is going to drop here and on a
second point Joe you know it's not
against the law to give your lawyer a
bunch of money to run a slush fund to
pay off people you've had affairs with
it is against the law if you do it for
campaign purposes and don't report to
the FEC and it's not just a matter for
the FEC if you do that on purpose not
reporting it and know it's against the
law it's a matter for the Justice
Department well and that's something
that Donald Trump has Giuliani got him
in trouble then of course Donald Trump
made the situation worse because first
of all you're exactly right John
Heilemann if you if you make the payment
or if somebody makes a payment for you
like for instance let me break this down
like we always freaked out in in my
political campaigns about whether we get
the exact value of the barbecue that
somebody contributed for a fundraiser
and if it was three thousand four
hundred and twenty-two dollars we had to
go up to him we had to get the receipts
we had to write it down because that's
called an in-kind contribution somebody
is doing us a favor and those are
subject to the same limits as cash
payments right well in this case if he
gets an in-kind contribution well that's
illegal unless Trump then says he pays
it back but there's still no reporting
there he didn't run hundred and twenty
thousand dollars right before a
presidential campaign that is
significant right it's it's it's
significant there's no doubt about it
the campaign finance issues Rudy has
caused problems for Trump repeatedly
every time he tries to talk about this
to try to clean up the possibility of a
campaign finance violations you raise
the possibility of a new campaign
finance violation
I'll just say just to go back to your
point Joe I just god just let's focus a
little bit more I like it like the
timeline you did before but make it even
a little bit clearer about what's really
going on in this timeline the alleged
affair took place in 2006 stormy daniel
says that she had one sexual encounter
with donald trump okay so 10 years go by
in which according to the story they're
telling is the reason that she was paid
off was to save Melania Trump from the
pain of hearing about this affair
alright so for 10 years no money
exchanges hands now we get to October of
2016 as you point out it's the it's a
few weeks a couple weeks before the
presidential election but on top of that
it's coming after the Access Hollywood
tape so what's happened is the Access
Hollywood tape has come out where we
hear Donald Trump talking about grabbing
women by the private parts and then more
than a dozen women have come forward and
accused Donald Trump of sexual assault
or sexual harassment at the end of that
all of it public Melania Trump has heard
all of those things after all of that
their argument is that then they said
you know what Melania Trump could hear
all of those accusations and the
marriage was still intact but if she
heard about the one time he had sex with
a porn star ten years ago that would be
devastating to her so we must pay a
hundred thirty thousand dollars to keep
that out of the public it makes zero
sense and it makes zero it makes yeah
absolutely no sense whatsoever mica and
and again you you look at it and you
look at the timing there's just there is
absolutely no explanation other than the
fact that they were trying to keep it
quite Rudy Giuliani yeah and talk about
maybe the greatest admission against
interest when he was blabbing on TV
shows this past week saying could you
imagine Hillary Clinton having that
information before the second debate
there you go it and he looks just a
little too pleased to be there I mean
he's just like a runaway beer truck
Morning Joe there you go thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on
any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
