Hilary Clinton called you the king of
debt well no she didn't call me I call
myself the king of debt I'm the king of
debt I'm great with that nobody knows
that better than me I've made a fortune
by using debt and if things don't work
out I renegotiate the death I mean
that's a smart thing not a stupid thing
good morning and welcome to am joy over
the years Donald Trump has proclaimed
has proclaimed himself to be the king of
debt in his business dealings a title
that played to his image as the ultimate
deal maker who knew had a leveraged debt
to expand his family Empire now and he
wasn't the king of debt Trump was
instead the king of cash a self crowned
term he used in 1990 when telling The
Wall Street Journal quote there's nobody
that has the cash flow that I have I
want to be the king of cash so which one
is it the king of debt or the king of
cash well according to a new piece in
The Washington Post the latter the piece
revealing quote in the nine years before
he ran for president Donald Trump's
company spent more than four hundred
million dollars in cash on on new
properties including 14 transactions
paid in full without borrowing from
banks the piece also notes that the
biggest cash binge came the year before
Trump announced his run for president in
2014 when he paid almost eighty million
dollars for large golf courses in
Scotland and Ireland joining me now is
Jonathan Kaye part of the Washington
Post Republican political consultant
sure Michael singleton Jennifer Rubin
and ejd are both from the Washington
Post where Washington Post heavy panel
this morning I'm gonna start at the
table with you Jonathan so and this is
two and three from from our producers
here The Washington Post this is the
great David Farenthold his latest piece
and he shows the amount of transact ash
spent per transaction by Trump since
2006 when his cash binge started so he
spends on in 2014 this Golf Resort in
Turnberry Scotland for which he spends
more than 60 million the now infamous
Washington DC hotel that he leased in
2012 there you go that's just about 40
million you know then you get the Doral
resort those of us who lived in Miami
know about the Doral Golf Course back in
2011 he buys this varlet winery in
Charlottesville Virginia and ago
all the way down the line to be spending
a lot of money and then the next chart
shows the cash-heavy spending by year
and look at that spike it just boom it
just spikes in 2012 and then you know
2014 is just a little bit lower when you
look at that and this amount of cash
he's spending at a time when no banks
were lending to him does it look to you
like well he's just flushed with cash
and he can't get loans or what do you
see here well this is what's so terrific
about what my colleague David Faire
until it's done excuse me it's diving in
into the weeds of president Trump's
finances in a way that wasn't done in
the run-up to the 2016 campaign he is
finally he Trump is finally getting the
scrutiny now that he should have gotten
death back then so to answer your
question is I don't I have no
explanation for that if you talk to any
financier here or any well-heeled person
here in New York City right will tell
you flat-out no bank in this city would
loan him Trump a dime because he was
just not trustworthy and I don't trust
the quote in the story from the
president's son I think it's Eric Trump
who said yeah well the reason why you we
had all this cash was because the
businesses were so profitable and so
successful that we had the money that we
had the money to spend
yeah and so it goes back to your
original question which is it was he
cash was he cash rich or was he the king
of debt yeah we'll get the answers the
more reporters like David and others
dive into the weeds and get us to try to
piece together an explanation yeah
absolutely and EJ you have speaking of
Eric Trump Jonathan just called his name
so let's talk about him for just a
second Eric Trump who is quoted in the
David Farenthold piece saying well we
don't have to worry about that we've
just got so much cash and so much
success that we don't need any loans but
back in the according to a Vanity Fair
piece that was published in May on may
8th of 2017 Eric is on a golf course
with a golf writer named James Dodson on
their new course in cat North Carolina
he's asked by dotson where Donald Trump
was getting all this money
to spend since banks were not touching
golf course construction because of the
Great Recession and this is what Eric
Trump said sorry my producer just put up
and we can put up again and he says well
we don't rely on American banks he
actually said this in 2014 we don't rely
on American banks we have all the
funding we need out of Russia I said
really this is Dodson he said oh yeah
we've got some guys that really really
love golf
and they're really interested in our
programs we just go there all the time
and he reportedly according to this golf
writer who represented that they had
access to maybe 100 million dollars in
Russian money so what do you make of all
this well correct me if I'm wrong your
producers can I think that interview was
given the writer thought the golf writer
figured in 20 30 2014 yes yeah which is
right in the middle of that cash period
right the post story is very careful as
the post is not to draw any conclusions
yet this is like the first chapter I
think of a very important story as
Jonathan suggested but it's intriguing
that one of the sources of cash that the
post story mentions is a Trump sale of a
house in Palm Beach for ninety five
million dollars that sale actually went
to a Russian oligarch what was really
interesting about that sale is that
Trump paid only four years earlier forty
one point three five million so he more
than doubled his money in four years and
that house sold for about thirteen
million more than any house in the area
so I think what we're going to see is a
lot more exploration of the Russia
question raised by that quote raised by
other issues but again I want to be
careful the post itself is being very
cautious before they draw any of these
conclusions that's what interests us
obviously the Russia issue going forward
in this investigation yeah let's go
let's stay with the Washington Post go
to head for Rubin because they it is
interesting and David Farenthold as EJ
point that is very careful he just
points out that Donald Trump in the past
has said things like this and by the
past I mean 2016 ok 2016 Donald Trump
tweets I'm the king of debt
that has been great for me as a
businessman but it's bad for the country
I made a fortune off of debt we'll fix
us that was one of his tweets in 2016
here's Donald Trump during a rally
September 20th 2016 just before the
election and he's talking again about
his businesses take a listen I do that
all the time in physical other people's
money there's nothing like doing things
with other people's money because it
takes the risk you get a good chunk of
it and it takes the risk and we know
Jennifer that Donald Trump put 65
million dollars of his own money well
short of a hundred million dollars he
said he was gonna put in on his campaign
and that the RNC even after they made a
deal was clawing money out of him really
you're really having to push him to put
his own cash in so if there is a
fundamental contradiction here there is
and this is why it's so important that
we never got his tax returns because if
he's making gobs and gobs of cash and it
didn't seem that way from the 2015 if
remember we got one page of a tax return
if those don't show a massive amount of
income then where is this cash coming
from I don't think there's anyone who
thinks that the Trump businesses in 2013
2014 2015
we're throwing off that kind of cash so
it is a mystery and that's why the
special prosecutor has a bunch of
financial crimes investigators on his
staff so they are expert at looking at
the flow of money we haven't talked
about deutsche bank which didn't give
Trump alone at one point when American
lenders would not give him money and
those people are gonna go and look at
the money flow they're gonna look at how
the money went from Trump to Michael
Cohen they're gonna look for how the
money went from Donald Trump's
businesses into his purchases and we're
gonna see if that was Donald Trump's
money or that was someone else's money
and I think this is why we made a
horrible mistake as a country among
other things by letting someone who was
in business who wasn't some questionable
deals get to the White House without
showing us his hats returns
yeah and sure Michael you know to the
point that Jennifer was making about
these businesses and what they were
taking in just to read a little bit from
David Farenthold species that the cash
purchases began with the 12.6
million-dollar estate in Scotland in
2006 in the next two years Trump snapped
up two homes in Beverly Hills than five
golf clubs around the East Coast and a
winery that winery in Charlottesville
Virginia and here's a key part the
biggest cash binge came last in the year
before Trump announced his run for
president in 2014 which again is the
same year the Eric Trump said they're
seeing a lot of mud from Russia that's
not David Journal that's me saying that
back to the point the piece Trump paid a
combined seventy nine point seven
million dollars for large golf courses
in Scotland in Ireland since then those
clubs have lost money while Trump
renovated them requiring him to pump in
another hundred and sixty four million
dollars to keep them running
so these golf courses weren't making
money they were losing money so you know
and I'm wondering inside the Republican
Party whether at some point we're gonna
start having people start to wonder
about this stuff because there hasn't
been that much interested it today
no I don't think they're gonna wonder
about a joy until you begin to see a
shift in the numbers of registered
Republicans and their support for
President Trump I don't think the party
writ large or party leadership will
begin to question some of these things
but Egypt made a very interesting point
when you mentioned the house in Florida
that the president sold for ninety
million dollars if you recall when that
Russian Oleg are purchased at home he
ultimately ended up demolishing that
home joy you mentioned the sixty million
dollars that the president invested in
his campaign short of the 100 million
dollars that he had initially promised
if you recall there was some reporting
at that time that the president had to
actually liquidate some of his stocks in
order to pump in that 60 million dollars
so what that tells me is that though he
may have significant holdings as far as
hotels and other properties that may
have a decent amount of value his liquid
assets meaning the cash he may have
readily available to use to purchase etc
may actually be a lot shorter than what
the president actually tells us which I
think raises further questions into that
link between the president his
organization and ties to Russia and
Russian or Lagarde's yeah and you know
there was a joke Jonathan knew people
got mad at Michelle wolf one of the
jokes that she told at the
Correspondents Dinner was Trump is broke
right right he had the crowd chanting
back to her Donald Trump supposedly has
enough money to drop 79 million dollars
to buy a single Gulf property but when
it came to paying back Michael Cohen
just a few years later
he had to pay him in $35,000 a month
monthly retainer increments if he had so
much cash why would he need to pay him
back piecemeal he would just have the
and why did Cohen use his own money well
you asked a lot of questions which I do
not have to answer but I mean and you
know pain Cohen in installments what
does this layaway for billionaire
remember layaway I do remember layaway
some money on it let me go put some
money Trump walking up through the
windows like this for the Michael Cohen
account yeah III don't get it I don't
understand it so Michael raises a very
good point AJ raises a very good point
David Farenthold in the Washington Post
raises a series of good points it
doesn't make sense how does someone who
is cash rich right but loves dead whose
son says in a golf course that we get
all our money from Russia subtext
because we can't get any money from
American banks yeah none of it makes
sense and Jennifer makes a good point
a lot of these questions would be
answered if we had access to the
president's tax return wrecked we have
no answers at all and it's good it's
incumbent upon us in the press at the
Washington Post NBC MSNBC everywhere to
dig deep to find out these answers these
are questions that in a normal time yeah
we would have answers to because we
would have a president of the United
States who abided by the traditions and
the norms and the customs yeah that
accrued to the Oval Office where we
would have the documentation to be able
to at least come to some reasonable
conclusion but we don't so we can't Andy
Jay I want to put this chart up one more
time because it's not just the amounts
of money it's the when and you made the
very good point that the the Vanity Fair
article from 2017 is actually
referencing an Eric Trump quote from
2014 look at that spike no the second
one I'm sorry element three the next
element after that which shows the time
like there we go that one look at that
spike EJ I don't know it's curious well
first of all I want to get in on
Jonathan's lay away for billionaire's
plan
that sounds great I'm in a missing
billion ear there it's not sure Thank
You Jonathan for that no again one of
the problems as Jonathan and the other
panelists have suggested is there are so
many holes in our understanding of
trumps finances compared with every
other president since Gerald Ford
because of those missing tax returns so
what this requires is the kind of very
careful digging that David Ferran
thought and his colleagues did and as I
said earlier they're careful not to draw
any hasty conclusions here but as soon
as I saw that quote from from Eric Trump
and I went back and looked up the sale
of that house it makes you think gee I
wonder if Muller is looking at that and
we don't yet have any indication of that
but I think the money nexus is one of
the issues in the Russian connection
that people are going to want to get to
the bottom - one way or the other before
this whole investigation is over joy
doesn't do you know who does know what's
going on that's Michael Cohen and that's
why Trump is so freaked out yeah
absolutely yeah it's tick tock Johnathon
Schaech michael Jennifer we'll all be
back Thank You EJ - and we're gonna
release you to have the rest of your
Sunday have a great day thank you thank
you my friend and up next robert muller
interviews one of trumps closest friends
we'll just have to break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
