day four seventy of the Trump
administration and we have breaking news
tonight from the New York Times about
when Trump had knowledge of the
six-figure hush money payment to stormy
Daniels one of the authors of that story
Matt Apuzzo will join us in just a
moment he and his colleagues writing
tonight quote President Trump knew about
a six-figure payment that Michael D
Cohen his personal lawyer made to a
pornographic film actress several months
before he denied any knowledge of it to
reporters aboard Air Force One in April
according to two people familiar with
the arrangement it was not immediately
clear when mr. Trump learned of the
payment which mr. Cohen made in October
2016 at a time when news media outlets
were poised to pay her for her story
about an alleged affair with mr. Trump
in 2006 but three people close to the
matter said that mr. Trump knew that mr.
Cohen had succeeded in keeping the
allegations from becoming public at the
time the president denied it the
president has spent the last several
hours speaking out in particular going
into damage control mode trying to clean
up comments that Rudy Giuliani made this
week about Trump reimbursing Michael
Cohen I'll tell you what Rudy is a great
guy but he just started a day ago but he
really has his heart into it he's
working hard he's learning the subject
matter and he's going to be issuing a
statement to but he is a great guy he
knows it's a witch hunt that's what he
knows he'll get his facts straight
I will tell you this when Rudy made the
statements Rudy's great but Rudy had
just started and he wasn't totally
familiar with every but you know with
everything and Rudy we love Rudy
special guy what he really understands
it that this is a which when he made
certain statements he just started
yesterday so that's it I'm just in case
you need a refresher about what set all
of this off in the first place here is
what Giuliani said on Fox News earlier
this week about that payment having
something to do with paying some stormy
Daniels woman 130,000 I mean which is
gonna turn out to be perfectly legal
that money was not campaign money no
campaign finance violation so they
funneled it through the law firm Sun
Rosen offer him and the president repaid
it oh I didn't know that he did yeah but
do you know the president didn't know
about this I believe that I know about
the specifics of it as far as I know but
he didn't know about the general
arrangement that Michael would take care
of things like this imagine if that came
out on October 15th 2016 yeah a little
of the you know last debate with Hillary
Clinton making it go away
they they made this whole he didn't even
ask Cohen Cohen made it go away he did
his job
now today Giuliani issued this statement
to quote clarify his views it reads in
part there is no campaign violation the
payment was made to resolve a personal
and false allegation in order to protect
the president's family it would have
been done in any event whether he was a
candidate or not my references to timing
were not describing my understanding of
the president's knowledge but instead my
understanding of these matters just last
night stormy Daniels lawyer said he has
proof that this was about the campaign
Giuliani statement does not address his
assertion that Trump reimbursed Michael
Cohen for the hush money payment in
Trump's Twitter account yesterday
featured a detailed explanation of how
he repaid Cohen today the president was
asked about his inconsistent narrative
concerning Daniels we're not changing
any stories all I'm telling you is that
this country is right now running so
smooth and to be bringing up that kind
of crap and to be bringing up witch
hunts all the time that's all you want
to talk about you gonna see excuse me
but you have to excuse me you take a
look at what I said you go back and take
a look you'll see what I said this is me
scuse me you go take a look at what we
said well speaking of taking a look here
is what the president said on Air Force
one back on April 5th which the New York
Times referred to in its report tonight
meanwhile there is new reporting tonight
from the Wall Street Journal about
Michael Cohen and how he obtained
hundreds of thousands of dollars during
the election The Journal reports that
public records show that Cohen quote
gained access to as much as seven
hundred seventy four thousand dollars
through two financial transactions
during the 2016 presidential campaign as
he sought to fix problems for his boss
those transactions could factor into a
broad investigation of mr. Cohen's
business affairs being conducted by
Manhattan federal prosecutors and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation who are
examining whether mr. Cohen violated any
laws in his efforts to raise cash and
conceal negative information about mr.
Trump according to people familiar with
the matter those include transactions
tied to his credit line in his ownership
of real estate and taxi medallions the
people said President Trump also had a
lot to say about the other huge legal
issue looming over his administration
the Russia investigation and whether
he'll agree to talk to Special Counsel
Robert Muller Rudy Giuliani has been
negotiating with Muller about that
potential interview last night Giuliani
wouldn't say whether Trump wanted to do
it telling NBC News quote on the advice
of his counsel he is keeping a closed
mouth in an open mind well today Donald
Trump decided to open his mouth
well the problem was sit against it you
have a group of investigators and they
say that I am NOT a target and I'm not a
target
club to speak I would love to nobody
wants to speak more than the effect
against my lawyers because most lawyers
they never speak on anything I would
love to speak because we've done nothing
wrong
there was no collusion with the Russian
there was nothing there was no abruption
but I have to find that we're going to
be treated family barely wait wait I
have to find that we're gonna be treated
fairly if I thought it was there I would
override my lawyers for reporters share
that byline on tonight's breaking New
York Times report one of them is
two-time Pulitzer winner Matt Apuzzo
he's kind enough to join us by phone now
Matt thank you for taking a few minutes
and let me just be sure a very clear and
this for viewers at the top of the show
you are reporting that prior to that
scene there on Air Force One we just
showed from Latta from last month from
April that before that Donald Trump knew
about the $130,000 payment he knew
specifically it was going to stormy
Daniels and he knew the reason it was
going to her is that correct correct and
and look when you line up the time line
that that is what everybody assumed had
been the case when frankly when the Wall
Street Journal first reported about
these payments you know I believe it was
all the way back in January you know the
fact that he knew about it was never
really in question until he came out
publicly and said I had no idea which
really raised more questions than it did
answers because how can you enter into a
legal settlement how can you enter into
a binding settlement and a
non-disclosure arrangement and and have
a have your lawyer make finally make
cash payments to somebody without your
knowledge of it so I mean by saying that
the president and then subsequently Rudy
Giuliani only muddied the water so it
you know by our reporting here tonight
while certainly I feel like it advances
the ball it almost a sort of takes us
back you know a couple weeks to where we
knew to where we were before the
president went
but I had no idea well so that that
window of time now between October 2016
the end of the campaign when this deal
was sealed and Donald Trump in that
April denial from Donald Trump
leadership do we know with any
specificity in there when he did find
out so we don't know is like we don't
have a date for when he knew certainly
we know that the payment was made in
late October the settlement was a was
agreed in late October and certainly by
any reading on the rules of legal ethics
Michael Cohen the president's personal
lawyer would not have been able to
ethically enter into a settlement that
the President had no idea about
certainly advancing payments on behalf
of a of a client is not something that
is normally allowed so we don't have a
date that it was set on but but
everybody we're talking to tonight is
saying look you know me a Coppola like
the we're trying to set that the we're
trying to get trying to get the timeline
straight we're trying to smooth this
over it's been a tumultuous 48 hours at
the White House and in this newly
reconstituted legal team that really
debuted in in quite a chaotic fashion
all right Thank You Metta Puzo again one
of the reporters on that New York Times
story that's breaking tonight that we're
leading our show with met thank you for
taking a few minutes and joining us I
appreciate that and now to our leadoff
panel for this Friday night Josh
Gerstein is a reporter for Politico
covering the White House Amber Phillips
a political reporter for the fix at the
Washington Post and Danny Cevallos a
veteran criminal defense attorney and
MSNBC legal analyst and let me start
with a lawyer first because I want to
get to the legal significance if there
is any of what the New York Times is
reporting tonight so you have Matt
Apuzzo there saying that basically
everybody kind of always assumed this
Trump threw a curveball with his
comments in the last few weeks but this
takes us back to what we've always
assumed that's court of public opinion
in terms of the court of law does this
reporting tonight from the New York
Times do anything significantly it does
in the sense that now you have Trump
knowing that there was a payment made
at least it appears that way now and if
he did know to what degree does he of
the wreck was in intent under potential
campaign finance law but that really is
a smaller part of the potential issues
that are raised for Michael Cohen there
are a number of attorney ethics issues
involved you know I have to say that
this is the kind of situation that if
Michael Cohen was not acting as an
attorney if instead he was just a
consultant there would have been many
fewer layers for Trump and Cohen to
worry about because it's by virtue of
saying that he was providing legal
services that you have an entire new
body of Professional Responsibility law
or rules I should say that applied to
any kind of legal services then you have
tax issues what were the tax
implications of these payments if Donald
Trump knew about them at the time I
think I see what Trump's trying to do I
think his view of the world is this and
Juliana's used this we retreat back we
concede that that we stay away from
campaign finance law we say there was a
big pool of money Michael Cohen did
whatever he wanted with it
I saw no evil I heard no evil that's it
amber phillips in terms of Rudy Giuliani
then in that statement he issued today
trying to clarify he says some of the
comments he made earlier this week on
Fox News what are the open questions
that remain after this this attempt at a
clarification yeah well you're
absolutely right I think of the intro
you put clarification or tried to
clarify in quotes when he when he put
that statement out and president sort of
lad up into it by by suggesting Giuliani
got his facts wrong and there would be
some big change in the substance of what
Giuliani said earlier in the week about
this payment nothing changed in terms of
the substance the open question is still
we know that Donald Trump knew about
this payment and paid it the open
question is still whether that had any
intent to help him win the campaign just
because Giuliani goes out there and the
president goes out there and says this
had nothing to do with the campaign you
know I wanted to protect my wife and my
family from these lies doesn't mean
that's true that of course is still for
the courts to decide and and Giuliani
nor the president didn't clear that up
today yeah it's interesting Josh this is
proceed
sort of on on two parallel tracks here
one legal one political you've got the
question here of you know it does the
story politically actually surprise many
Americans just given all of the scandals
about Donald Trump not just in the
campaign but in his really his entire
public career does this do anything
politically to change the opinions of
Donald Trump and then you've got the
legal question here too of does this
turn into something more than just a a
potential campaign via of tiniest
violation yeah I don't think it does
probably change many minds on the
political front in terms of what people
think of the president but I think folks
should also keep in mind that there are
other shoes to drop here on the legal
front especially with this issue of
Michael Cohen's records his emails his
electronic files from his office being
gone through by prosecutors that's part
of this whole dynamic the White House
legal team has been trying to get a head
of here those records are being turned
over now to Cohen's legal team they're
going through them and they're learning
what prosecutors know or are about to
learn about this stormy Daniels payment
and it's very important that what the
White House and the president say
publicly not be immediately contradicted
by records that are either in the hands
of prosecutors are about to be in their
hands and I think when you see them
scurrying quite quickly to fix up this
mess that took place in the last 48
hours that's part of what's going on hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
