the largest campaign rally of the year
was not a trump rally for some
Republican Senate candidate no Trump
rally has come close to the largest
campaign rally of the year which
happened 10 days ago
in the Senate campaign in Texas where
Democrats have not won a Senate election
in 30 years Texas Democrats had all but
given up hope of winning a Senate
campaign until robert Francis O'Rourke
of El Paso started campaigning for
Senate the car has been known by his
nickname Beto O'Rourke drew 55,000
people on a warm Saturday night in
Austin Texas I was there that night and
I saw what all the excitement was about
this is a campaign of people all people
and I don't care about the differences
between us if you are a Republican
you're in the right place if you're a
Democrat you're in the right place if
you're an independent you're in the
right place whoever you pray to or
whether you play at all whoever you love
however many generations you've been in
this country or whether you just got
here yesterday right now we're all in
the same boat we're all human beings and
we're gonna start treating one another
that way
with only 29 days to the Election Day
now Democrats had to get back on the
campaign trail immediately after the
Cavanaugh vote on Saturday either to
campaign for their own re-election or to
campaign for other Democrats in the
Senate senator Campbell Harris
campaigned in Ohio for senator sherrod
Brown sorry election and she had this to
say about how Mitch McConnell and the
Republicans ran the confirmation process
what we saw was an exercise of raw power
raw power which was used and had the
effect of demeaning and diminishing and
belittling people well here's the thing
if we want to correct the course what do
we need to do we need to take the power
after the last confirmation battle like
this 27 years ago when Anita Hills
testimony against Clarence Thomas was
ignored by Republicans a Republican
incumbent president was defeated in his
re-election campaign and the number of
women in the United States Senate
tripled from two to six and Democrats
increased their majority in the Senate
to 57 Democratic senators after an ugly
Supreme Court confirmation battle the
anguish and disappointment of the
defeated then turned into the energy for
the victory in the 1992 election a
sweeping win for Democrats winning the
house the Senate in the White House now
Democrats have 29 days to convert
disappointment in the Senate to victory
if you were standing there among the
55,000 people listening to better or
work in Texas where Democrats are never
supposed to win anymore it felt like
Democrats have the energy to win once
again in Texas and if Democrats can win
in Texas then control of the Senate
could easily flip to a Democratic
majority there is no candidate on the
campaign trail tonight in America who
expresses what is at stake in the next
election better than Beto O'Rourke the
people of the future are counting on us
while we can still get this right but
it's all people
packs all people no special interests
people no corporations everywhere every
single thing that's how we're going to
win this election
years from now our children our
grandchildren are gonna look in our eyes
and look at each one of us and ask us
where were you at that inflection point
point right where were you at that
moment general discussion now Cecile
Richards former president of Planned
Parenthood and Cecile this really is one
of those moments that can turn an
election but it's it's that political
challenge of changing the emotion of
disappointment into the energy of
victory which we saw happen after the
Clarence Thomas hearings
yes and I think we're seeing that too I
mean I feel like this weekend women
mourned and now they are ready to get
busy about this election we've got I
mean it couldn't in some ways be better
timing because now there are 29 days to
focus everyone's energy on turning out
the vote and as you know in midterm
elections there are plenty of votes to
win it's just getting your folks out and
that's what women are focus it's hard to
get people animated it's hard to get
them to to feel there's some stakes in a
midterm and that's why this kind of
confirmation really provides that
absolutely and I feel like even if it
was going to sort of you know go away or
settle down the president seems to be
completely committed to throwing
kerosene on the fire as he did tonight I
think women are they're looking at who
controls a Judiciary Committee this was
all male community who jammed through
this appointment and we're so
disrespectful of dr. Ford of other women
who came forward and women understand
that that's the thing I think that the
Republicans have forgotten is sexual
assault and sexual harassment is not a
partisan issue this is an issue that
affects women everywhere Ted Cruz on the
Judiciary Committee voting for Brett
cabin on the committee on the Senate
floor better we'll work out they're
saying he would have opposed this
nomination and talking about yet another
reason why the Democrats need to take
back the Senate I think it's absolutely
true and I think you looked at look at
the leadership in the Senate I think
what was also exciting though for a lot
of women was to see senator Kamala
Harris senator Amy Klobuchar are amazing
Hirono folks who actually represent what
America looks like and to see them
staying
for women as well as men on the
committee was incredibly inspiring what
are you looking for in this Senate race
and I haven't really been a serious
Democrat challenger in a Senate race in
Texas in a very long time it's
incredibly exciting I think we were both
down there at the same moment and saw
the thousands and thousands of people
folks say they haven't seen anything
like it
in years since the progressives actually
back when mom and other folks won those
races but I think the exciting thing is
it's not just baito Beto's doing amazing
job we have this is the first time the
Democrats have contested every single
congressional race in in the state we've
got you know Colin Allred run running
Lizzie Fletcher we have the first two
Latinas coming to Congress from Texas
it's a it's a new day in Texas and
people can feel it everywhere you know I
don't never for the first convention I
ever went to was 1988 and I walked into
the convention hall Democrats convention
hall in Atlanta and your mother was at
the podium delivering a speech that for
me was the best speech of the convention
because like better o'rourke she was she
was always completely under you know
exactly what she was talking about and
why and you knew what she felt about it
and she took whatever the complex
subject was and and made it easily
deliverable in a speech and that was
what I was seeing when I was watching
him on the stage
I think that's right i mean baito is
talking about a different kind of
politics where every person is respected
and you know our basic humanity
that's what Texans want to feel and I do
think he has that that same sort of Ann
Richards appeal mom always used to say
look if my mom back in Waco can't
understand what you're saying
nobody's getting it and I think that
baito has that amazing gift look it's a
very exciting time to be a Texan yes it
is and it was exciting time to be there
Cecile Richards Thank You Lawrence yeah
thankfully appreciate it thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
