and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour happy Friday earlier this week
the Deputy Attorney General of the
United States rod Rosenstein made
headlines when he gave a talk in DC and
after his talk he answered questions
from reporters a CNN reporter named
Laura Jarrett asked mr. Rosen Stein
about Republicans in Congress coming
after him and and trying to gin up
support for impeaching him and removing
him from office and in response to that
question Rosen Stein gave the strongest
public comments he has yet made pushing
back against the kind of pressure that
he's been under thanks so much for doing
this mr. Deputy Attorney General as you
think about the importance of separation
of powers on law day here any reaction
to the news that certain members of the
house freedom caucus have talked about
drafting up articles of impeachment
despite your best efforts to comply with
their document requests they can't even
resist leaking their own drafts I saw
that draft I mean I don't know who wrote
it I can tell you there were people who
have been making threats privately and
publicly against me for quite some time
and I think they should understand by
now the Department of Justice is not
going to be extorted we're going to do
what's required by the rule of law and
any kind of threats that anybody makes
are not going to affect the way we do
our job we have a responsibility and we
take it out that's the whole point
everybody in the department takes that
oath we have a hundred fifteen thousand
employees and if they violate it they
know they're going to be held
accountable and I know those folks know
that I'm not going to violate my oath as
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
is essentially the CEO of the chief
operating officer of the whole Justice
Department the Attorney General is the
head of the Justice Department right
that technically and and in terms of the
title but when it comes to who really
runs the place on a day to day basis
it's the Deputy Attorney General it
always is even still Deputy Attorney
General's are usually not that
high-profile they're kind of the
workhorse not the show horse the reason
rod Rosenstein is really high-profile is
because Attorney General Jeff Sessions
is recused from over
seeing any investigations that touch on
the 2016 presidential campaign and that
means that rod Rosenstein deputy
attorney general he's the guy who
oversees any such investigation he's the
one who appointed robert muller to be
special counsel to investigate the
russia scandal he's the one who oversees
the ongoing Moeller investigation that's
why rod Rosenstein is famous that's why
he's come under such pressure from the
president from the administration
broadly from conservative media and
especially from trumped supporting
republican members of congress and and
that's who he was talking to and that
remarkable appearance earlier this week
when he said the Department of Justice
is not going to be extorted I am NOT
going to violate my oath yeah you can
threaten to impeach me do whatever you
need to do I am NOT going to violate my
oath and you're not going to extort me
right I mean you can and you could tell
from watching him speak that that
Rosenstein is dry I guess is the right
word like he's a serious guy looks like
he parts his hair with a Water Pik right
like he is straight arrow but but at
that event earlier this week that that's
been getting so much attention I should
also tell you that in addition to the
Justice Department will not be extorted
I will not violate my oath stuff there
was also one genuinely funny moment so I
think it's partly about culture partly
about structure and partly about the
rights enshrined in the Constitution if
you would permit me and I hope you will
I'd like to take the liberty like to
hand you a piece of paper with some
words on it it's not a subpoena is it
he's stealing my thunder it was not in
fact a subpoena although there was a
moment when it actually looked like he
might be legitimately afraid not just
funny afraid that it might be a subpoena
but here's what happened next in which
we got a clear and surprising little
window into what's really going on
inside rod Rosenstein as he is facing
all of this pressure as the president of
the United States seems more and more
obviously to be gearing up to try to
fire him or otherwise push him out as a
way of shutting down Miller's
investigation watch this is what
happened next he's feeling like
Thunder's but I'm happy to give it to
you so I'd like to hand you a piece of
paper with the words of a famous
American I'd like you to just take a
look at it and then if you'd be so kind
to read it slowly and aloud to the
audience there you go
most Robert Jackson the Robert Jackson
was the turned general United States in
the Roosevelt administration his
portrait also hangs the Deputy Attorney
General's conference room and he gave a
speech in the Great Hall the Department
of Justice April 1st of 1940 and he
spoke about the role of the federal
prosecutor and it really is for federal
prosecutors it really is a guidebook
even now many decades later really
stands as the the most significant
articulation of the principles that
govern prosecutors and this particular
episode reads the quality I make forgive
me I did not give him the name he said
April 1st 1944 the top so I just wanted
to make sure we credit him for that boy
one of my favorite quotes yes sir
and I encourage you to read the whole
thing but this is actually the
concluding paragraph says the qualities
of good prosecutor are as elusive and as
impossible to define as those which mark
a gentleman and you should read or a
woman and those who need to be told
would not understand it anyway
a sensitiveness to fair play and
sportsmanship is perhaps the best
protection against the abuse of power
and the citizens safety lies in the
prosecutor who temper zeal with kindness
who seeks truth and not victims who
serves the law and not factional
purposes and who approaches his task
with humility I didn't even need to get
into this moment rod Rosen Stein is
reading a quote from 1940 from a speech
given by the then Attorney General of
the United States who is Robert Jackson
it's kind of a weird moment right I mean
the guy who's interviewing Rosenstein
appears to have just given him the quote
not the name of the person who wrote it
or the circumstances under which those
remarks were delivered but Rosenstein
recognize it starts expounding on it
adlib who said it the exact date on
which the guy said it what job he had
when he gave those remarks the building
he was in when he gave these remarks the
room he was speaking in how it has been
received across history he even knows at
what point in that speech this quote is
taken from he's like oh this is the
concluding paragraph hmm right and he
knows that off the top of his head
the reason rod rose and I knew all that
is because that was a quote from his
hero at the Department of Justice like I
said the Deputy Attorney General's
really important Deputy Attorney General
runs the place
as such the Deputy Attorney General has
a big swanky conference room of his or
her own right outside his or her private
office well here's how rod Rosen Stein
has decorated his own conference room at
the Justice Department he put up a
gigantic portrait of this guy Robert
Jackson Attorney General from FDR so he
actually put it up so that it's over his
own shoulder when he's sitting at the
head of the table at that conference
table so other people are meeting with
him looking down the table to where rod
Rosenstein sits they will see Robert
Jackson looming over rod Rosen Stein's
right shoulder watching over what rod
Rosenstein does he put that portrait up
there himself
that's his guy pride of place for
residence time so Robert this guy Robert
Jackson he was Solicitor General under
FDR which means he argued Supreme Court
cases for the federal government when
FDR was president he was apparently very
good at it I think he argued like almost
40 cases before the Supreme Court he
lost less than a handful of them
he was then Attorney General in the
lead-up to the u.s. entering World War
two he was Attorney General in 1940 1941
he left being Attorney General 1941
because FDR appointed him to the Supreme
Court became a Supreme Court justice in
1941 he was a on the Supreme Court until
he died in office in the 1950s but
interestingly while he was on the court
he took some time off
you never hear of a Supreme Court
justice taking leave but Robert Jackson
did he took leave as a Justice of the
Supreme Court in 1945 so he could go to
Germany and be America's lead prosecutor
in the Nuremberg trials so a fascinating
character in American legal history and
somebody who ultimately ends up becoming
rod Rosen Stein's legal hero up to and
including the handsome portrait of
Robert Jackson that looms over Rosen
Stein's right shoulder in the conference
room right outside his office every day
and when rod Rosen Stein on Tuesday this
week went to do that event in Washington
and somebody confronted him out of the
blue with a quote from
for Jax and he knows it off the top of
his head he expounds on it at length and
that was the day later on in those
remarks is when he went on to say you
know what the Justice Department will
not be extorted and I will not violate
my oath that was a couple days ago now
check this out Rosenstein today you know
I know lots of cable news shows like
everybody talked about the same thing
all day long this is one of those nights
what I'm talking about something that
nobody else is talking about I recognize
that but I think this is really really
important I think a lot of stuff that
people are talking about right now is
deliberate noise that is designed to be
enjoyable and unfocused of obscuring of
what we ought to be actually looking at
this I think is the real deal
so Rosenstein today decided to do
another public appearance he doesn't
have to do any of these right if you're
the Deputy Attorney General you have a
lot on your plate you're running the
Justice Department in his case he's also
overseeing the Russia investigation
which is a big deal right now
he's fending off live impeachment
demands from Republican members of
Congress and a deliberate strategy by
the President to try to set him up for
something so he can blame him for
anything to justify firing him right
there's all of this is going on in Rosen
Stein's life and in the middle of that
rod Rosen Stein has made the decision to
make these multiple public appearances
this week it was Tuesday in DC the
Justice Department will not be extorted
today he decided he would attend the
Montgomery County Bar Association Annual
Meeting huh I mean no offense to
Montgomery County's Bar Association but
this is not like the CNBC event of the
century that no Deputy Attorney General
could turn down I mean I think it's it's
safe to assume that Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein although he
certainly has Maryland loyalties I think
he made these public remarks today
because he wanted to make more public
remarks today and these remarks he made
today were open to the press and he put
this all on the record and so once again
he is you know he's mr. meticulous he is
mr. super dry he is not exactly in john
belushi right
but once again he'd gives us one funny
and also telling moment each year the
American Bar Association selects a theme
for law day celebrations this year's
theme is one I particularly value the
separation of powers
why is everybody laughing he knows
exactly why everybody is laughing
because while he is running the Justice
Department we've got a president and a
Republican Party in Congress that is
hell-bent on firing him or impeaching
him or removing him because they want to
fire their way through the Justice
Department in order to make the Russian
investigation go away
and separation of powers is the only
thing that stands in their way and they
know that and they are very very
prepared to burn that down and he is the
guy on whom the heat is hottest so he
knows why his audience is laughing at
this separation of powers near and dear
to my heart right now but he also knows
what he has come to say in this low
profile but public on the record for him
and so for the second time in three days
a we get Robert Jackson again from him
and B we get a hard shove back against
the president and Republicans in
Congress who have been trying to monkey
wrench the Russian investigation through
him by pressuring the Justice Department
by pressuring Rosenstein in particular
by calling him names and calling for his
head but most recently and most
presently now by demanding increasingly
that Rosen Stein has to hand over
internal documents from the Moller
investigation that would show the White
House what Muller is up to who he's
targeting how far he's gotten is in his
investigation what's he looking for
right that's the documentation they're
trying to pry out of Rosen Stein right
now and they're threatening to impeach
him because he's saying no to that in
the midst of an ongoing criminal
investigation anybody who was
potentially in trouble in that
investigation would love to know what
the prosecutors have right what they're
looking for who they're after what
they've got so far that's why it's a
bedrock rule of law enforcement and the
Justice Department in particularly but
you don't hand that stuff over to anyone
in the middle of an ongoing
investigation it would impair impede and
potentially pervert the investigation so
that's not the sacrosanct you hold it
internally nobody gets access not
Congress not the president not the press
nobody
ongoing law enforcement sensitive
materials are kept within the
prosecutors purview
during ongoing investigations you don't
even need to go to law school to have
that imbued in you as a rule of law
American value right as soon as Monday
of next week Republicans in the House of
Representatives may be mounting an
effort to impeach rod Rosen Stein
because he will not hand over to them
internal documents from the Moller
investigation which they presumably want
to use to tip off the White House about
what the Muller investigation is doing
well in this quiet little out-of-the-way
off the news cycle appearance today
rod Rosen Stein just said no he will not
do that and if you got a problem with
that he says you can take it up with the
ghost of Robert Jackson it is a bedrock
principle with very few exceptions that
we do not discuss investigations the
department's long-standing practice of
keeping information confidential has
often been the source of disagreement
with individual congressmen and
sometimes with committees in 1941
congressman Carl Vinson wrote a letter
to attorney General Robert Jackson he
requested FBI and Department of Justice
reports made in connection with an
investigation of labor disputes
involving Navy contracts there was no
doubt that Vincennes committee had a
proper role to play in overseeing such
issues which is why he wanted the
documents but Attorney General Jackson
flatly refused the request he did not
compromise at all
Jackson explained that disclosing
investigative reports would harm the
national interests in a number of
different ways when Attorney General
Jackson responded to Congress in 1941 he
referenced case law statements by prior
presidents and letters from six
attorneys General Jackson explained that
declining opened the FBI files to review
by congressional members and staff is
and I quote an unpleasant duty he was
right about that
but it is in keeping with the separation
of powers embodied in our constitutional
system Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen
Stein speaking today I know there's I
know there's a lot of hangover news
today about the fact that Rudy Giuliani
is now president Trump's new lawyer and
he said a lot of Christ's off two nights
ago that seemed to implicate the
president and all sorts of new stuff
that the president was supposedly trying
to avoid being implicated in and now the
president says Rudy didn't mean it and
he doesn't know and Rudy put out a
statement saying I didn't mean it the
way you thought I meant it I meant it in
a good way I know there has been a lot
of hangover discussion today about
exactly which particular lie was
operative and whether the correction is
a new lie or whether anything either of
them said on these matters is even
purportedly true at this point even on
their own terms right right it's I
understand why that discussion has
continued into another day and I know
that it is kind of fun that that
discussion because those guys are
incredible characters but meanwhile the
actual existential threat to the Trump
presidency
isn't on cable news it still derives
from the federal criminal and
counterintelligence investigation into
the president in his campaign I mean the
main event the determinants in a fight
for this president is right now I think
in his own mind coming down to whether
the president has a way to dismantle
that investigation and the way he
plainly wants to do that is by forcing
out the guy who oversees it by forcing
out Rosenstein and the way they're
trying to force out Rosenstein is by
backing Rosen Stein up against a wall
and trying to force him to hand over the
goods to show what molars got to pry
open that investigation and hand over
the materials that will show what molars
doing in real time and thereby queer his
investigation and in that main fight the
big fight the frontline in this weird
little conference room in Montgomery
County Maryland today one of the two
combatants in that fight rod Rosenstein
says I won't do it I will not hand over
FBI internal documents from ongoing
cases that is a bedrock principle I
won't do it
and this is not a theoretical thing
first of all Republicans in Congress
really are demanding that he do does
that and they say they're going to
impeach
for not doing it and second of all
ongoing cases we've got and a whole
bunch of interesting stuff happened in
all the ongoing cases today related to
this investigation molars prosecutors
today went to federal court in DC to get
a continuance basically an extension in
their case against 13 Russian
individuals and three Russian businesses
which they brought felony charges
against in mid-february in today's
filing molars prosecutors explained
shockingly that they haven't been able
to get those Russians to come to court
in the United States yet quote on the
date the grand jury returned to the
indictment the court issued summonses
for the defendants to appear the
government has attempted service of the
summonses by delivering copies of them
to the office of the prosecutor general
of Russia to be delivered to the
defendants that office however declined
to accept summonses the government
meaning the US government has also
submitted service requests to the
Russian government pursuant to a mutual
legal assistance treaty but to our
knowledge quote no further steps have
been taken within Russia to effectuate
service so yeah it's one thing to have a
special special counsel's office bring
felony charges against a whole bunch of
Russians including you know an
individual Putin connected oligarch in
that case it's one thing to bring those
charges against Russians it's another
thing to get Russia to hand those people
over to face trial so today we actually
saw the special counsels office in court
arguing for an extension so they can try
other ways to make that happen
that said also today we learned that
when Russian oligarchs connected to
Vladimir Putin do come to the United
States sometimes they get to meet the
special counsels prosecutors upon
arrival as a surprise the New York Times
reports today that Viktor Vekselberg one
of the richest men in Russia who was
just hit with US sanctions a couple of
weeks ago based in part on his proximity
to Putin's government he apparently
visited the New York area by private
plane a couple of months ago whereupon
quote federal agents working with mr.
Muller stopped him and sought to search
his electronic devices and questioned
him they confronted him after he stepped
off a private plane new reporting in The
Times tonight on that we don't know
exactly why Viktor Vekselberg was
stopped and questioned by Muller at a
New York Airport nor do we know if they
were successful on their effort to
obtain an absurd and
his electronic devices when they
confronted him but The Times reports
tonight that that Vekselberg did attend
the Trump inauguration and maybe that's
connected to why he was stopped
according to The Times Vekselberg
attended the inauguration along with
another person who donated a quarter
million dollars to Trump's inaugural
fund according to The Times Tonight
molars investigators have also
questioned that Trump inaugural fund
owner who brought this Russian oligarch
to DC to see Trump sworn in as The Times
puts it tonight quote the interest in
vekselberg suggests that the special
counsel has intensified its focus on
potential connections between Russian
oligarchs and the Trump campaign and
inaugural committee also today in the
special counsels ongoing prosecution of
Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort you
might have heard there was a or
rip-roaring court hearing in that case
with a 77 year old judge who is known
for his enjoyable courtroom theatrics
that judge did not disappoint in terms
of drama today he gave molars
prosecutors a thorough going-over so
much so that the president admiring Lee
quoted the judge from the hearing
transcript today and complimented him at
a campaign style speech that he gave
today at the NRA we'll be talking about
that court hearing a little later on in
the show because that rip-roaring
hearing today did have a lot of drama in
it but the judge also did ask one really
really really good question about the
prosecution of Paul Manafort it's a
question that as far as I know nobody
can answer and it has really big
implications so we'll get to that a
little bit later on tonight but I just
want to underscore that what rod
Rosenstein is is doing here I recognize
it's been a little bit off the radar
right it was a Q&A at the Newseum in DC
and then he was him at this Bar
Association meeting for their annual
meeting for law day in Maryland and I
realized those things seemed off the
radar right but he really is doing
something here House Republicans who
support Trump really are planning
something apparently for early next week
where they're gonna try to bring
impeachment proceedings against
Rosenstein directly to the floor of the
house without putting it through even
the committee process or holding any
hearings the reason they're gonna try
this gambit the reason they want to get
rid of Rosen sign is because they think
it's the way to get rid of the Moller
invest
well the way they are laying a predicate
for doing this next week for an
impeachment effort against Rose ensign
or a firing of him by the president is
that they are demanding that Rosen Stein
hand over materials about molars ongoing
investigation and these are materials he
can't hand over and these are materials
that he now insistently says he will not
hand over at the start of this week
Rosenstein formally rejected in writing
these members of congress is the this
latest effort from these members of
congress to get the the full scope of
everyone and everything molars been
authorized to look at the following day
there was Rosenstein in public saying
the Justice Department will not be
extorted then today not to put too fine
a point on it he says I'm not handing
over FBI files from an on go from an
ongoing investigation not gonna do it it
is a bedrock principle with very few
exceptions that we do not discuss
investigations declining to open the FBI
files to review by congressional members
and staff is and I quote an unpleasant
duty but it is in keeping with the
separation of powers embodied in our
constitutional system so this is a this
is a real fight this is a real fight he
is he is taking his stand here while the
president and congressional Republicans
are taking aim at him this is his
defense we should notice that he is
doing this in public in terms of his
offense well we saw that for the first
time last night with this in the New
York Times quote a former federal law
enforcement official familiar with the
department's views says that mr.
Rosenstein and top FBI officials have
come to suspect that some lawmakers are
using their oversight authority to gain
intelligence about the Moller
investigation so it can be shared with
the White House his defense is you're
not gonna pressure me into
monkey-wrenching this investigation I'm
not gonna be extorted I will not violate
my oath his offense is and you know what
your efforts to do that look
suspiciously like you in Congress are
using your powers as members of Congress
to try to obstruct an ongoing FBI
investigation now has a member of
Congress ever gotten busted for
not serious when it comes to an open law
enforcement matter I've learned not to
make assumptions about these things hold
that thought
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
