Donald Trump today seizing on a federal
judge's skepticism about who should
prosecute Paul mana for Bob Muller or
other independent federal prosecutors in
Virginia this judge hitting Miller's
team with several tough questions on
that front but Bob Muller's prosecutors
had an answer they say they followed the
money and found that these allegations
against mana Ford are still tied to
their collusion investigation meanwhile
CNBC reporting motors focusing sharply
on Manta Ford's former deputy Rick gates
and his links to Trump aide Roger stone
if you watch the beat you know we've
covered Roger stone a lot he is a
longtime confident to President Trump he
even pushed Trump to consider running
for president multiple times before 2016
as far back as the 8th he's now in a
moment we're gonna hear directly from
the filmmaker who spent five years
embedded with stone for the documentary
get me Roger stone Roger always wanted
me to run for president I was like a
jockey looking for a horse you can't win
the race if you don't have a horse and
he's a prime piece of political horse
flesh in my view political horse flesh
always a compliment man afford gates and
stone are all linked of course through
the lobbying firm that they ran for many
years that's where gates got his start
as an intern now Roger stone has been
under mounting scrutiny which we've been
covering in our investigative reports
because he talked about communicating
directly with WikiLeaks although that
was later basically denied by WikiLeaks
itself
he also bragged about having contact
with a hacker who was later exposed to
be involved with Russian military
intelligence that's like the heart of
collusion and now Bob Muller's interest
goes well beyond even WikiLeaks take a
look and all the names mentioned in
miller's questions for trump which
recently leaked to the New York Times
those are people mentioned out of those
we can show you those who reportedly
have yet to be questioned by Muller's
team remove the Russians then say remove
the family members that's a special
category and you only have five names
left two of those reportedly not
question in these headlines today and
then you're left with the picture on
your screen one person who was in
questioned because he was indicted and
the other person is Roger stone as we've
discussed on this show you don't want to
be the last one in
Bob Miller's interrogation room as
promised we turn to filmmaker Morgan
penny and NBC's Kendall a nyan he was in
court today with the man afford hearing
and I'm also joined by David corn
Washington bureau chief from other Jones
and author of the book Russian roulette
starting with David and then Morgan
Roger stone as I just showed looks to be
in a tough spot why well it's hard to
figure out what Roger stone did or did
not do because he has said so many
different given us so many different
versions during the campaign he claimed
he was in touch with WikiLeaks while
WikiLeaks was getting stolen material
from the Russians and disseminating it
he also and you know this may not be a
crime he was providing cover to the
Russian operation he was out there
talking to gusoff ur 2.0 that was the
internet Russian Posada that was leaking
some of the stolen emails in the summer
of 2016 and while he was doing that he
was writing pieces he was going on Alex
Jones and he was saying guseva 2.0 has
nothing to do with the Russians so
whether or not that's a criminal matter
for Robert Moore it certainly is an act
of cooperating collusion with the enemy
to cover what they were doing he
provided right to Russia you're raising
you're raising three important points
I'm going to turn to Morgan with them
number one you're saying there's really
bad stuff for American democracy that
might not technically be a felony that's
suggested by Stone number two there may
also be felonious contact in number
three if we're all gonna be as fair
journalist as we can it's very hard to
know when Roger is doing something he
said he's doing because he's all over
the place Morgan and you you're the
expert here you had the experience with
Roger that LL Cool J famously documented
when he talked about people who lied
about the lies that they told how do you
get through this small you know it's
certainly getting to a point where it's
becoming very suspicious that Roger
hasn't been called in by Mueller yet
this week one of his protege is Michael
Caputo was called in by the Mueller
probe
and Michael Caputo like Rick gates had
been a driver for black man affordance
tone which was essentially an intern
slash assistant slash protege and so you
know basically Mueller is is closing in
on stone by in association with all of
the people around Roger in his orbit but
they haven't reached Roger yet so that
that leads me to believe that they're
making sure that they have a strong case
as bulletproof and and insightful
questions as they can ask him as
possible when Roger finally does get
into the hot seat right well either gets
in the hot seat or as we've covered
people who are last are either getting
really tough questions or they may never
get interviewed because they get
indicted Kendall a nyan I want to play
for you some more discussion of this
famous firm I mean normal people will be
excused for not remembering or knowing
that there was this lobbying firm that
literally had manna for black who's
worked for McCain and stone altogether
at one point plus Gates is we were just
discussing take a look trying to use our
relationships that we had built up first
through the young Republican and to
create a business that would focus on
political consultant black man important
stone was the I think what we provide
for our clients be them foreign
countries or corporations or individuals
is a superior understanding of how
Washington works Ken Delaney and I ask
you on this Friday evening was Black
Manta Ford and stone the s look they as
they as this film wonderfully described
they really were the first to monetize
their service on political campaigns and
trade on that access and become
lobbyists and they also sort of
revolutionized the representation of
foreign governments in Washington and
they've made a lot of money doing it and
they did it for years and they were
mainstream in the Republican Party so
it's just they're fascinating firm to
look at and also speak while we have you
to what you saw in court today because
this was tough for questioning about at
least who should take this case it was a
remarkable hearing it was supposed to be
a routine hearing on Paul Manafort
motion to dismiss the charges against
him in Virginia
the Republican pointed judge TSL is just
teed off on the entire premise of the
Moller investigation now he was really
engaging in some provocative rhetoric
and he may end up ruling with the
government in the end you've been inside
courtrooms are you've seen this many
times but he did raise some fundamental
questions about how these bank fraud
charges against Paul Manafort that go
back to 2005 relate to the question of
Russia collusion and he especially asked
how it could be that the Justice
Department previously investigated these
charges yet now the Muller team says
these charges are rose from their
investigation the Muller lawyers
responded that look Paul Manafort was a
key figure in the Trump campaign they
investigated his ties to Russia they
followed the money and these are the
crimes they found in terms of bank fraud
and money laundering
the judge pretty much said look you just
want to squeeze Paul Manta for it to
flip on Donald Trump which is manifestly
true but the Moller team didn't want to
admit that in court re right and and you
you have the ability to squeeze people
the jurisdictional question is more
narrow which is should this get farmed
out to another office and and Muller's
shown that when he thinks that's
warranted in the michael cohen case he
did it the other amazing thing which i'm
gonna hold up in the hearing today is
i'm holding up this now infamous
redacted memo the judge was asking david
korn to get the unredacted version of
this i'm sure you and everyone
interested in this case would also love
that the judge has maybe a better
argument than than the rest of us but
this is the redacted secret
authorization that Rosen Stein gave
Muller to go after extra stuff we don't
know exactly what because it's a black
box what did you think of this this memo
being raised in that hearing today well
you know the judge Khanna was suspicious
of Bob Miller's office when they said we
everything that's redacted there is
unrelated to the matter for prosecution
we've we've revealed for the him when we
file this document earlier that portion
of the document and he seemed to suggest
that he thought something else was going
on I mean we all would like to see it to
get you get the full scope of the
investigation on the black man of fort
point though one thing is like I covered
these guys 30 years ago one thing they
were infamous for is they made millions
of dollars Manafort stone and black and
the gates and everybody else by
representing foreign thugs and dictators
whether it was marcos and the
philippines jonas savimbi of angular
that became one of their go-to
specialties which brings us to manna
fort representing Yanukovych the corrupt
politician president of Ukraine which
has led to the problems he's has today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
