you have a group of investigators and
they say that I am NOT a target and I'm
not a target but you have a group of
investigators that are all Democrats in
some cases they went through the Hillary
Clinton celebration that turns out to be
a funeral so you have all these
investigators that Democrats in all
fairness Bob Muller worked for Obama for
eight years I have to find that we're
going to be treated family fairly wait
wait I have to find that we're going to
be treated fairly because everybody sees
it now and it is a pure wit run right
now it's a pure wit done why don't we
have Republican looking also why are we
having Republican people doing what all
these Democrats are doing it is a very
unfair thing well you know we gotta live
in the moment dude and you got
Republicans running your Justice
Department ready you're FBI what was
that all right I'm sorry I was supposed
to have a relationship with the
teleprompter here I got triggered we do
have a Republican investigating
president Chavez name is Robert Muller
but that was the president's daily
Russia investigation tantrum coming as
his attorney Rudy Giuliani puts the odds
at 50/50 the Muller will subpoena the
president telling ABC News I gotta
prepare for that 50%
you betcha Rudy joining the table with
me and Donny Marg a veteran journalists
at a member of the New York Times
editorial board Evan McMullen former CIA
operative who recently ran for president
as an independent and the Rev al
Sharpton president of the National
Action Network and host of politics
nation here on NBC Peter and Frank are
also Stu here Frank I got to start with
you because this has to trigger any
career law enforcement official to hear
what a Republican president say I need
to be investigated by Republicans
because then the deck will be stacked in
my favor what an offensive and revolting
thing to say III wonder if he thinks Bob
Muller should have quit when a Democrat
was elected president
what gets me Nicole is that there are
people watching these statements and
they're going up that's right that's
right
there's it's all Democrats and and they
simply don't do their homework and
understand this is all spin its and spin
is the kindest word I can think of to
describe this I mean Peter Alexander
it's worse than Spanish
bs because no one gets sharper attacks
from this president than the Republican
men that Donald Trump appointed to run
the Justice Department to be the Deputy
Attorney General or to run the FBI well
I might need to see that again that is a
shocking thing to hear come out of the
mouth why can't I be investigated by
Republicans well you don't like the
Republicans that run the Justice
Department that you picked yeah no I
think you're exactly right as you know
the the fierce criticism this president
has had of people that he put in place
Jeff Sessions and Rod Rosenstein but
about that criticism the fierce
criticism he had of the Special Counsel
Robert Muller II said you know people
don't realize this but Bob Muller worked
for Obama for eight years we should
correct people watching the record right
now for those watching that's not true
he served for President Obama for less
than five years he's a Republican who
was appointed by a Republican president
george w bush so the bottom line is the
president is citing facts that simply
aren't true in an effort to try to prove
his point here but the bottom line is a
lot of the people who hear this agree
with the president which is the very
same reason that key qualification for
Rudy Giuliani and bringing him on board
was not that he knew all the facts who's
the president said he's still learning
all the facts the qualification was that
he agrees with me that this is a witch
hunt you know every McMullen I think
that there is something so profoundly
disturbing about this frame and and and
I don't think we should we should gloss
over this and speed ahead and get back
to whether or not he sits down with Bob
Muller but the frame we should all stare
at the the forest that we shouldn't you
know get lost staring at the trees in
front of our face is that this president
wants exactly what he described to the
New York Times in an interview down at
mar-a-lago he wants his guys he wants
his Roy Cohn running the US Department
of Justice and it was clear before he
was even sworn in that that was the kind
of person he wanted at the intelligence
running the intelligence community too
he thought they were stacked against him
because they briefed him about a dossier
with potentially incriminating
information about him how offensive is
that to the men and women of the
intelligence community and these
institutions that are supposed to be
sort of built around and propelled
forward by the rule of law well it's a
morale killer and I can tell you my
conversations with members of the
communities they're sort of bewildered I
mean they've never served in an
environment like this where they've been
attacked by the president they serve
because they want to protect the rule of
law because they want to protect
Americans they frankly despise politics
they don't want to be involved it's not
it's not something they're interested in
they want to serve and uphold the rule
of law and to be attacked like this and
for their service to be politicized is
something that hurts morale but let me
just make clear that you know when the
President does this effectively what the
president saying is he doesn't want an
actual Department of Justice he doesn't
want an actual criminal justice system
he wants a phony Department of Justice
that protects him and that goes after
his political rivals that is exactly
what you'll find in any third-rate third
world dictatorship Banana Republic
around the world that is not what we can
allow the country to become that's what
he wants to protect himself that is not
in our interests Frank is he making
progress because it seems like when
Christopher Rhea his hand-picked
director of the FBI wanted the White
House to back him up in not revealing a
document he had grave concerns about
that detailed the FISA Court process the
secret most incorruptible part of the
way we gather information on people that
were afraid may do our country harm
president said man I'm gonna go with
Devin Nunez I mean is is the president
making some progress and moving toward
what Evan just described just when we
think we see hints of progress we have a
statement or a tweet the next day that
that tells us know the progress isn't
being made that was right the president
defines justice is whatever's good for
him
whatever's right for him and his circle
he doesn't get it he doesn't want to get
it and I'm increasingly fearful for Bob
Muller and for Rosenstein I do think
they need protection I do think that
we're just a bad day away from president
Trump trying to remove one or both of
them and it's just a matter of time
before that happens hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
