the NRI claims to have membership roles
totaling up to five million but that
list is not made publicly available the
group bills itself is a gun club for
shooting enthusiasts but for facts sake
are they really and what kind of power
does it really have the National Rifle
Association is above all else a trade
group representing gun manufacturers in
fact it's the most powerful advocate for
the industry in the United States and it
spends a great deal of money to promote
its agenda sure the NRA claims to be an
organization made up of five million
dues paying members but at least half of
its 300 million dollars in annual
revenues comes from contributions grants
royalties and advertising and most of
that is directly or indirectly linked to
gun makers the NRA s donors include
Midway USA Springfield Armory beretta
USA Ruger Smith & Wesson and others in
the industry and their money is well
spent no one out there does a better job
than the NRA does at deflecting
criticism of gun makers especially after
every mass shooting event its political
action committee spent a combined total
of 53 million dollars on elections
nationwide in 2016 membership dues alone
aren't behind that kind of spending
besides the number of members in the
group is a matter for dispute one recent
estimate suggests the NRA total
membership is less than advertised
closer to three point seven million gun
owners but the group doesn't release any
official data or figures and the numbers
surely fluctuate from year to year
either way five million members would
still only be a fraction of the
approximately 74 million gun owners in
the u.s. today so it's such a small
slice of the country and its membership
rolls how is the NRA become one of the
most feared groups in Washington with
the financial support of the gun
industry and of course it's paying off
the NRA has succeeded in blocking every
major gun control bill before Congress
since 1994 and thanks in part to its
efforts while Americans only make up 4.4
percent of the world's population they
own 42 percent of the world's civilian
firearms
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
