of course we're gonna tell you how long
it was that was president Trump just a
short time ago remarking on today's
significant jobs report the Bureau of
Labor Statistics report they says the
economy added one hundred and sixty-four
thousand jobs in April
pushing the unemployment rate down to
three point nine and that is the lowest
since 2000 so here's a live look at the
numbers on Wall Street right now there
you have it the market is up to 26 at
this point that's a nice huh that's a
nice yeah but that doesn't always happen
look at the look at the I mean it was
down when you were on TV in the morning
it already had the the jobs report to
respond to
then there was seems to be more positive
developments on trade but markets don't
actually tend to like tight unemployment
numbers and I'll tell you let's look at
some of Donald Trump's economic wins
when it comes to the economy because is
gonna be trumpeting this one all day all
right
unemployment is down since January of
2017 when the president took office it
has fallen from 4.8% to today's three
point nine percent however if we were to
expand this out for many many years
you'd see that this trajectory has been
largely the same since 2010 wages are
slowly going up according to the Bureau
of Labor Statistics they're up an
average of 2.7 percent in the first four
months of this year compared to the
first four months of last year good not
great considering how low unemployment
is people are looking for these wage
gains and we're still not fully seeing
that look at the markets the president
talks about this all the time the Dow
has gained more than 31 percent in the
first year of Donald Trump's presidency
the S&P was up 23% in the first year in
the as Nasdaq was up 32% so far this
year all these three indexes are flat
and consumer confidence is up it rose
slightly in April you can see that these
levels are now the highest they've been
again since the end of 2000 there tends
to be a direct correlation between
unemployment and consumer confidence
some other things come in the mix but
when you have low unemployment you tend
to have a higher consumer confidence and
president Trump got his historic tax cut
plan passed at the end of last year
slashing the corporate tax rate from 21
to 21 percent from 31 percent so that's
a big achievement that the president
talks about a lot we'll talk about some
of the consequences of this in a minute
and his administration as this has
and rolling back regulations which it
claims just hamper business along with
the tax cuts Trump says these things are
going to affect the economy and help
grow jobs net neutrality net neutrality
wage reporting media ownership changes
clean power plant and toxic substances
control and we just had to make
something clear deregulation in general
doesn't necessarily mean a win it can be
a win
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
