Eugene Robinson your new column in The
Washington Post is entitled to a sour
smell of panic in the White House as the
law closes in and you write in part this
one thing and only one thing is clear
from this orchestrated attempt to change
the narrative about Daniels Trump is
worried that the payment which prevented
a potential scandal just days before the
2016 election might constitute an
illegal campaign donation if Cohen used
his own funds as he has claimed and was
not reimbursed this latest development
on the Daniels front is just one of
several signs that the investigation of
Trump and the pushback against it have
entered a new more acrimonious phase
there is no reason to believe Muller's
investigation is anywhere near its end
but the ground rules have changed
from now on it seems fighting and
gouging are allowed and you heard Rudy
Giuliani's saying can you imagine if
this had been revealed right before the
camp you know the election he actually
stated that it was a campaign payment of
some sort to help the campaign yes she's
a buffoon
to think that he can say this was to
save the marriage no I mean that's
stunning
and number two this is the guy who says
he I'm gonna be making a strategy right
before Trump's defense everyone should
be very strong in this case Trump is in
even more trouble than than we would
have thought
and if Giuliani is the only person that
Trump will listen to and and that he's
gonna agree with what do you think
Emmett flood feels like now the new
attorneys coming in for him to kind of
distinguish career coming in to this and
hearing that basically legal strategy is
going to be these two very old very
grumpy guys getting around in a room and
saying yeah let's do this like trumpet
and and Rudy and getting it wrong it's
just I don't I don't see how anybody
 its in this environment and I want
to go back to Joyce's point about Trump
fighting this in the court of public
opinion you know we would go back to the
week before the election where look like
he was gonna loss he was already seating
the doubts all the elections fixed it's
not right my concern here
and how this comes back legally is that
Trump is seating a revolution a civil
war that under he understands what's
coming and he understands his only play
is to get a huge part of this country to
stand up and take to the streets and say
this is unfair this is what they're
setting up how from a legal point
background how does that start to play
into any legal dealings well it doesn't
it's a political thing I mean the
Giuliani should be ashamed of himself
really for someone who led the office
that I worked in for ten years and in
the 80s and did some of the most
significant organized crime cases yeah
absolutely and and he is a legendary US
attorney a catapult him to become mayor
and America's mayor for him now to turn
around and start attacking the very
institutions that built his career is
shocking and it's it's it just shows
sort of the depth that people will go to
these days to subvert the rule of law in
favor of partisanship and it's almost as
if we're in an abyss and there's no end
in sight as to where we're gonna go but
to your point Donnie you're right I mean
from the standpoint of the rule of law
there is some if you if you think for a
second that Giuliani might be crazy like
a fox there's some rationale where you
say I the Trump did repay the money but
after the election so Michael Cohen
didn't intend to give a campaign
contribution before the election and
Trump didn't have anything to disclose
after the election and so there's some
wiggle room where they're both off the
hook that's the best gloss on this
argument but that's not what they're
making and to go out in front to the
American people through the press and
say he looked at the payments that he
was making and he realized oh that must
be what it was job is is practiced and
the argument is he was paying a retainer
because Giuliani said NBC last night
there were 12 payments of $35,000 that
he regularly made to Giuliani is there
any way you can see it as a former
assistant US attorney that Cohen just
took a standard
and used it unbeknownst to the president
to make this payoff to Sir me Daniels
know there have to be some sort of a
that's it's not a normal retainer right
you could have a retainer where someone
is paid a monthly fee to be the personal
lawyer right I mean that's essentially a
salary and but that's for their work for
you now if you have some sort of an
agreement that you go ahead and you make
whatever deals you want and you pay off
these people with this money then that's
not really a retainer for his work
that's actually just a slush fund to pay
off these things these you know women or
whoever it is so that argument is not
going to hold up very well so Joe has a
new piece for The Washington Post out
just this morning about Rudy Giuliani in
it Joe writes this why America's mayor
would allow himself to become Trump's
chump is beyond me with many West Wing
insiders openly questioning whether the
45th president will even finish his term
such short sightedness makes no sense
even when viewed in the most cynical of
lights Giuliani has said that in
September 2001 during New York's darkest
hour he drew strength from Winston
Churchill's example and yet poor Rudy
couldn't even stay true to his former
colleagues for a month once Trump came
calling
we can all thank God that Churchill and
not Giuliani was on guard when Adolf
Hitler's actual stormtroopers sought to
destroy England and lay waste to the
rest of Western civilization because
unlike Rudy Giuliani Winston Churchill
never blinked david ignatius we've been
talking about this a lot over the last
couple of days about what Rudy Giuliani
has done to himself even in the last 48
hours or so how do you explain it is it
a bid for relevance I mean we know why
Donald Trump is doing it because it's a
guy he's known a long time a guy he
trusts a guy that he's spent time with
in New York City and believes will fight
for him what's Giuliani doing here
though
I think Giuliani wants to help his
friend Donald Trump I think Giuliani has
wanted since the Trump was elected to be
in the spotlight he wanted to be
Secretary of State that I can work out
this is a very prominent role
he's a guy who has a lot of
self-confidence and he goes off in wings
it as we've been watching the last
couple days and gets himself in in more
and more trouble so I think it's a mix
of personal vanity and a genuine desire
to help his friend as I watch the side
episode just struck by the image of an
animal that gets caught in a trap and
the more the animal squirms trying to
get out of the trap the deeper in the
tighter the lock is until finally it was
a desperate what do you do the animal
loses a limb or just ends up we watched
them flailing every day in this trap and
I don't know I mean this is not gonna
have a happy ending for Giuliani we'll
see we'll see about the rest of them
like a possum the animal in this trap -
all - no I mean seriously though what
what to you at this point were staggered
rudy giuliani go Joy's fans what's your
gut you know I'll take us away from that
dangerous Animal Kingdom territory Rudy
Guiliani
wanted to be in the room where it
happens from the beginning of this
administration and now that he's there
he seems to be a little bit punched
drunk on the experience he's gotten out
so far ahead of where any competent
legal strategy would have gone for this
president and the real question at this
point is whether the damage that's
happened to the president's legal
position in the last 48 hours can ever
be undone whether Emmett flood or anyone
else can come in and find a way to take
this version of the facts that's now
been revealed and bring it back into
territory where the president is not
only hook for campaign finance
violations where there's not now this
increasingly dangerous litany about the
Comey firing that serves to only nail
down where everyone believes Muller is
headed towards obstruction of justice
and even delete us further into
fusion and those sorts of issues it
really looks like National Prayer day
which was the day that yesterday was
designated was not the day that answered
the president's prayers so Phil Rucker
how is this playing inside the White
House we've been talking a lot about
Sarah Sanders and her going out and
saying she just learned about this
revelation the payment to Michael Cohen
to stormy Daniels by watching Rudy
Giuliani on Hannity what is it like to
be in the White House right now as you
cover it when it appears that Donald
Trump and Rudy Giuliani are making
strategy and policy on their own
yeah it's chaotic Willie but it's not
that surprising I can tell you White
House aides have literally no idea
what's going on with Rudy Giuliani he's
just out there freelancing and and
talking to the president directly and
not talking to them and my colleague
Ashley Parker was texting with the West
Wing aide yesterday who just sent a
bunch of emojis including a basket of
popcorn to her in the text message to
describe what this was like they're
literally sitting back like we are
watching it all unfold and don't know
what to make you know I've been saying
for a long time since since the speech
at the Republican convention that
there's something off about Giuliana
yeah this is not the absolutely I mean
it just isn't actually told that to me
and Joe in private when he was and we
talked on the air as we told him no for
Secretary of State like that's a bad
idea Joe kept saying it on the air for
days and days and days
yeah oh by the way you said to us that
he was way off and kind of weird and
falling asleep personal attorney to
practice Leoni said on the air yesterday
that Donald Trump son-in-law is
disposable yep yeah let's say that again
he's disposed of mine that's what he
seems like national charities i I don't
even know what to ask you about
I really don't what what is what are we
looking for what's next Daniel Goleman
well what's next is gonna be I mean
there's going to be at some point some
move by robert muller now and we've been
hearing about no collusion no collusion
there was no collusion you're never
gonna hear about collusion until he
drops an 80-page indictment that in
charges any number of different people
and then all of a sudden you're gonna
hear a lot about collusion so the whole
theory that we have this House
Intelligence investigation which I think
by all accounts was was not a fulsome
investigation that's not establishing
that where there was no collusion and
what we're seeing from these questions
this week that sort of leaked out is
there's a lot of smoke there and so I
would expect that at some point but you
know within the next couple of months we
may have an indictment I do not think it
will be Trump but it may be others who
are involved in the who were involved in
the campaign and then in parallel track
you have the Southern District of New
York that's proceeding a pace with this
Michael Cohen investigation and what is
I think very concerning and part of the
reason you see this tack of Giuliani and
Trump moving to just pure attack mode
and then flood and is in ty Cobb is out
and its attack that is going to be
asserting a lot more executive privilege
trying to go to court to litigate this
and to try to delay I think as much as
possible because there's starting to be
a real strong sentiment that Michael
Cohen is in trouble he is likely to be
indicted unless he decides to cooperate
first and Bob Muller is starting to hone
in on some very very serious business
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
