twenty-nine days until the midterms and
we are seeing right now a political
frenzy by candidates across the nation
the Dems deploying some of the most
famous incumbents to stump in
battleground states this week and urging
liberals to turnout for the first
national referendum on trump's
presidency since he took office
Republicans meanwhile you may have heard
they're saying that the battle and
victory in the Kavanagh fight is stoking
their base now as always in a run-up to
an election there is tons that we don't
know but I'm gonna begin tonight with
what we do the available data does not
show Republicans are right about that in
fact the latest polls show Democrats up
by an average of six points across the
generic ballot up another eight in one
poll taken in the middle of the
Cavanaugh fight it's the kind of lead
that could drive a blue wave in
typically red states according to
Reuters tonight we can also report that
the nonpartisan election forecasters
over at the cook Political Report mark
eight more House races shifting toward
Democrats wall of course Democrats also
have a four point edge in another new
Washington Post poll that's of
sixty-nine battleground House districts
now that is better than expected because
most of those seats are in these places
held by Republicans but if you look at
that that data that would seem positive
for the Dems they're obviously walking a
tricky line right now because while
indicators for the future can look good
they're addressing party activists who
are upset about the present and about
Trump's win on the Supreme Court this is
not a time to curl up it is not a time
to shut up it is not a time to give up
it's a time to get up to rise up just
speak up it's time for you not to wait
for hope but to be the hope the bottom
line is that they may have the power
right now but we need to take it back
and the only way we are going to do that
is when we get everyone out to vote and
while Republicans are publicly saying
they're optimistic about November new
reports from behind the scenes so Trump
aids already prepping for Dems to take
back the house and then SiC Congress's
top investigators on Trump world let's
get right to a Cornell Belcher
Democratic strategist who's done polling
before the Obama campaign in the DNC and
Jennifer Rubin a conservative opinion
writer for The Washington Post and a
critic of much of what Donald Trump has
been doing Cornell when you look at that
back and forth that I just showed how do
Democrats walk that line that data is
good the mood is sour well I think a
couple things all right one is the
battleground poll is is important for
Dempsey to have an edge there but
generically in the international generic
and it goes back and forth but if you
look at 2006 the last wave election
Democrats because of the because of
quite frankly structural problems and
districting Democrats need a ten or
eleven point generic going in and that's
fluctuated back and forth that said if
the intensity thing is is always at plus
but it is it intense across the board
where we're with young voters in
particular I'm most worried about
Millennials not turning out and if we
have a 2014 or 2010 electorate Democrats
won't won't do well we need to expand
that electorate and I questioned whether
or not we've done enough to dig into
younger voters and make them motivated
Jennifer I think if there is a wishful
thinking epidemic going on in the
Republican Party that Cavanaugh is the
solution to all their problems as you
mentioned the polling data so far
doesn't show it there's another poll
from CNN showing that Cavanaugh is very
unpopular and he's 20 points down with
women and I think women are the Achilles
heel for the Republican Party you see
white women college-educated women
college-educated whites in general both
men and women shifting very heavily to
the Democratic side a lot of those
suburban districts are the ones that are
in swing states and as far as the Senate
goes people forget a year ago Democrats
were worried about Pennsylvania Ohio
Wisconsin those weren't even on the map
anymore for Republicans so Democrats
have really narrow
the number of their incumbents that are
at risk and they're still playing very
competitively in places like Nevada and
Arizona so it's always been an uphill
battle for them to win the Senate but if
I had to choose one party that you'd
want to put money on my choose the
Democrats when you mentioned the women
there's always been a gender gap here
with 29 days to go but we'll show you
how pronounced that is right now on the
screen when you see 54% among women
that's a 14-point gap and yet when you
look at the House districts for men it
is exactly reverse Jennifer yeah I think
the difference is that the men voters
Trump probably has just about all the
male white voters he's never gonna get
he actually did well he keeps telling us
he has a wrong statistic but he actually
did well with white women voters so if
those are the people who are now
shifting allegiance or very motivated to
turnout for Democrats as we saw in my
home state of Virginia last year then
that's a boost for the Democrats and I
think it's that gap both on education
and I gender that Democrats are banking
on interesting point though that they
have to also have some young voters
turnout
sure Cornell the other side of this is
what is completely unknowable which is
how does the Cavanaugh debate battle and
now confirmation play out because
there's the substance of it which is as
Jennifer was just speaking to may drive
even more women turnout which as a
statistical matter tends to favor the
Dems but then there's the mood of always
losing even if the experts say well yeah
when the when the Republicans control
the Senate no matter what was gonna
happen they were always gonna have that
edge right but the mood of that I think
is captured here by Saturday Night Live
this weekend I want you to watch this I
want your honest reaction not just as a
Dem but as a human being when you look
at the way Chuck Schumer is being
portrayed and how that that echoes
across the country take a look senators
Schumer what went wrong well my doctor
thinks it might be sciatica
no I meant with the Cavanaugh vote oh
right yeah well the Dems lost another
one yeah that's what we do now Cornell
that's a sort of a Chuck Schumer you
know Montell Jordan this is how we do it
now is that a problem for the Dems if
that's how they're seen
I think the Doolittle batter is when
women were against this this Kavanagh by
better than 20 points ideal that
Cavanaugh is some how can it be
beneficial to you when so many women
were against it I I think is his fools
goal that said you know I what a Schumer
to do and so Schumer this case is going
to be we need in fact a Democratic
majority in the Senate because if we if
I had a Democratic majority in the
Senate we could have stopped this from
from good from going through so I say
there's a rally cry I think you know
from a procedural standpoint Schumer is
in a tough place because in fact we
don't have the majority we do not have
the votes to stop that we knew that
months ago you know I give them some
credit for putting up the fight that
they put given that we simply do not
have the votes to stop Cavanaugh from
from going in I think this is a rallying
cry I think this is gonna make the 1992
the year the woman look pale in
comparison to how sort of this really
upset women are both Republican and
moderate and Democrat women across the
board and then there's a question of
whether Republicans are rethinking
anything even some Republicans somewhere
stay with me I want to bring into the
conversation Tom Nichols he's a
professor at the US Naval War College
he's a former Republican staffer and he
just wrote in the Atlantic about why
this Kavanagh confirmation fight among
other things has pushed him to leave the
Republican Party Tom why right now it
well it wasn't just the Kavanagh
confirmation but I think this was really
the last straw because I at this point I
thought there is no future in the
Republican Party there's nowhere to go
there's not going to be a rebuilding
when this is over there's not going to
be some kind of moderate center that's
going to emerge out of the rubble of the
Trump years and I think when Susan
Collins gave up to give her speech
that's when it really struck me that the
Republicans who didn't abandon the
president after Helsinki and that
humiliation and foreign policy they
didn't abandon him after this disastrous
nomination process which
the Democrats certainly bore their share
of the responsibility for they that
they're there simply isn't much of a
future after this and I I think it's it
for me it was time to go you're
pessimistic and you say broader than
just Cavanaugh but kind of a last straw
of source let me read from your piece
you say the Trump stirs and the
hucksters and the consultants and the
hangers-on are like a colony of bees
that exist only to sting and died and
they've swarmed together in a dangerous
but suicidal cloud and when that
mindless high finally extinguishes
itself in a blaze of venom there will be
nothing left I mean first of all this
raises the question of whether you
should be involved in any Harry Potter
fanfiction I don't know what your free
time is like but second of all do you
think it's it's really that bad I mean
you think that the the way you're
writing it's almost that you're saying
the Republican Party as you know it will
not survive trumpism I said when Trump
was nominated that I didn't think the
Republican Party could survive trumpism
but I held out some hope that there
would be some way to rebuild it the
problem now is the Republican Party is
all about negative goals it's all about
anger and punishment and getting even
and and trying to you know trigger the
libs and all of the other things that
are all negative goals this is not the
optimistic can-do forward-looking
Republican Party that I joined as a
young man and that existed for the
decades after this is really just a
Republican Party that's angry at other
people angry at itself and I I don't I
don't think there's going to be much of
a future for it after President Trump
leaves Jennifer well I have had a little
bit of a friendly argument with Tom
going on for a number of months my
position being that the Republican Party
was not redeemable so unfortunately I
did win that argument but Tom will you
say here on national television the
Jennifer won Jennifer won the argument I
Jennifer and I for well over a year have
been having this discussion about is ego
is it salvageable I just I just wanted
to confirm that Jennifer go on Thomas a
gentleman and honest as the day is long
so thank you for that Tom but in all
seriousness the things that attracted
Tom and I to the Republican Party 20 30
years ago
we trade robust immigration a
values-based leadership in the world
respect for facts a certain dignity a
certain humility a certain style of
governance it's completely gone in the
Republican Party in fact they attack all
of those things that I just outlined so
for us to stick around in a party which
is not only intellectually bereft but as
Tom says it's kind of become
mean-spirited and nasty and cruel quite
frankly and the way they behaved towards
victims of sexual assault and sexual
abuse really it's not a party I want to
have anything to do with and the
question for people like tom and i is
where do we go and that's gonna be the
challenge for us the challenge for the
parties and maybe for a third party
candidate in 2020 right a lot of big
questions here as we look towards what's
gonna happen in the midterms Jennifer
Tom and Cornell thanks to each of you
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
