well today White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Trump
doesn't have to justify why you fired
Comey let's watch her there are a number
of reasons that James Comey was fired
that president's named several of them
but the bottom line is he doesn't have
to justify his decision the president
has the authority to fire and hire and I
think every single day we've seen that
he made the right decision in firing
James Comey
well I'm joined my Jonathan mere he's a
White House reporter for The Associated
Press and an MSNBC political analyst and
Joyce Vance is a former US attorney and
an MSNBC contributor let me ask you to
Jonathan about the whole tenor of this
and the charges made here by Rudy
Giuliani it's a street fighters approach
he wants to raise the heat calling the
guy a liar a disgraceful lyra-a
perverted man I don't know what that was
about but all these charges you throw at
somebody in a street fight it's trash
talk and then and then makes the case
that he was really fired because
Giuliani said that they come we wouldn't
say in public what he's apparently told
the Trump in private you're not a target
but still it puts them back into the
area of saying it was about Russia and a
Russian probe why is he doing all this
yeah Giuliani is a brawler and in many
ways is similar to the president in that
way they both have sort of this Street
tough New York sense to them when it
comes to these verbal altercations it is
again as you pointed out correctly
another shifting narrative trying to
explain why Comey was fired this is the
third or fourth different rationale the
White House is presented in previous
months and it's also another effort to
discredit Comey similar to the who let's
remember is a witness in the Muller
probe and it's a similar moment where we
have seen the White House that president
himself whether it's sessions or
Rosenstein or Muller the attempt to
muddy them up to discredit them to make
them more polarizing political figures
rather than law men above reproach and
that way you just read it their findings
if they're negative to the President and
if needed
you justify the reasons why Trump could
fire them if it comes to that let me go
to Joyce because I want to ask you about
style why did the prompt Trump go from
these button-down people like Ty Cobb
with the handlebar mustache and sort of
a guy who doesn't really street fighting
on television but I feel it's big
trouble he got into his always being
overheard at lunch and then he got
Giuliani out there just just spewing
this stuff like a flamethrower
what's that dude of a guy judiciously
how does that help the president inside
the legal system it really doesn't help
the president and although I'm sure
Giuliani thought he had a strategy last
night when he went on television it's
real hard to discern today what that
strategy was and how it helped the
president Giuliani seems to play the
role of almost comfort food I guess he's
the attorney version of comfort food for
the president here someone who's
consistent with how the president likes
to behave someone who's consistent with
his style but who isn't really doing a
lot to help his defense here what about
the initial thing of trying to get him
off the charge of a campaign violation
by saying it wasn't a contribution to
the campaign it was the president's own
money and he's a candidate so you can
spend all he wants out of the law right
it didn't do anything to help with the
campaign finance violation because if
there was a contribution to the campaign
from Cohen that Trump later paid back
they're still in the same hot water and
the only real question is whether they
knew what they were doing were aware
that they were violating campaign
finance law which would kick it from a
regulatory violation where you have an
investigation and maybe a monetary fine
at the end over into criminal territory
but either one of those is really a bad
outcome for Trump and Giuliani did
nothing to make that situation go away
well aside from seeming to corroborate
Comey story Giuliani otherwise attacked
his credibility as a witness against the
president calling him as I said
perverted let's watch I know James Comey
I know the president sorry Jim you're a
liar a disgraceful liar every FBI agent
in America has his head down because he
called me should be prosecuted for
leaking confidential FBI information I
have the indignity of fortunately of
having hired him for his first big job
and I'm embarrassed that I hired this is
a very perverted man John is that true
I'm open and is a rhetoric question that
every member of the FBI has his head
down now because of Jim can I think
tell me is sort of there you know the
poster man of the guy they like to be
like you know he's their kind of guy but
a woman or whatever but what do you make
I don't think companies embarrass the
FBI I think they're standing up for him
is he's standing up for the FBI it's my
thought yeah I'm sure there are pockets
of agents who don't like James Comey or
disagree with how he handled some of the
key decisions in 2016 but this is
someone who we hear time and time again
including in his testimony before
Congress talking about the very best of
the bureau and that what how much it
means to him to have led that bureau and
to served it served in it for so long
this is another effort to sort of just
muddy him up to sully his reputation
that it's admit needs an attack line
that echoes what the president has said
a president who has told privately does
confidence that one of the things that
outrages him about Comey is the idea
that Comey wrote this book and isn't
trying to make money off of Trump's name
in this case Trump thinks selling his
good name he hates the idea law always
has from his business career to now to
other people profiting off of him well
this morning Giuliani said this in an
interview when moer would be a perjury
trap for the president he watched this
this started as collusion with the
Russians know right now they go to
obstruction of justice collusion among
the players and what they really trying
to do is trap them in approaches right
so let's talk about them we're not
suckers we're gonna bring up the next
segment knowledge we have from Michael
Caputo based on his experience with the
special prosecutors team that they are
looking very much at collusion with
Russia as a big part of it's not the
central part of this investigation
but choice I want to ask you about this
side Rudi's out there talking how he's
going to shorten this thing it's gonna
be 2 or 3 hours it's not going to be the
49 question length of wide scope that
we've seen in the questions that were
leaked what what is he talking about his
what is his leverage to even deliver on
anything like that this sounds a little
bit like Fantasyland
he doesn't have leverage to bargain for
this sort of a severe restriction on
what federal prosecutors can ask a
witness or a subject or someone who
receives a grand jury subpoena
the best he can hope to do is try to
come up with rational limits from his
point of view rational limits on the
interview in exchange for agreeing to
submit to it but it won't be two hours
and then we're done it won't be you can
only ask us questions about non
contentious issues this just isn't
something that Muller is going to agree
to
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
