no because it's Willie's birthday
jonathan turley and thousands of
celebrities across the globe we're
calling us in why don't we go to our
willie geist birthday line and talk to
Jonathan Turley right now yes Jonathan
you would Jonathan you went to middle
school with little Willy guys right in
the bud I want to apologize to Willy I
was supposed to jump out of a cake well
I'll tell you next time Jonathan that we
will supply a larger cake for you to
jump out of but since we don't have the
cake why don't we just go with the next
best thing and that is the rich
delicious Rudy Giuliani interview last
night what was your takeaway well it's
sort of the welcome to the jungle moment
for flood I mean he hasn't been a lawyer
on the team for 24 hours and we have
this incredibly painful moment it really
did seem to me like Giuliani was on live
television in real time fishing for a
rationale which is something they you
don't really see in a major case it did
the weird thing about this and and there
was a great deal that was weird about
this is it didn't help that is what what
Giuliani was suggesting I think is that
he that Cohen was accepting money as a
lawyer that was really a payment for
stormy Daniels that wouldn't be a good
thing you know you don't you don't
accept legal fees call them legal fees
when they're really a subterfuge for
paying off a pornstar
it doesn't give you it doesn't get you
out of the campaign finance problem and
it actually makes things a lot worse for
: because once again lawyers don't do
this and so I'm not even sure what the
intelligent design was supposed to be
behind the car
but I do think that what we may be
seeing is something we've been waiting
for and that is the president's going to
have to tack back from many of his
public statements he's now going into a
formal litigation posture and many of
these past denials cannot stand in
depositions or grand juries or whatever
forum he finds himself in and so this
may be the painful process of tacking
this ship to turn it you know 180
degrees away from past statements and
and they're gonna have to do more of
this and it could be even more painful
to watch Wow
you know John Jonathan speaking of
painful how painful was it to watch Rudy
Guiliani Amanda it used to be an
extraordinary lawyer of course an
extraordinary US attorney but to watch
Rudy Guiliani bumbling around last night
on TV and saying hey I've got a secret
for you acting like there's this big
revelation and then saying it wasn't
campaign money well of course we all
knew it wasn't campaign money the
problem was it wasn't campaign money it
wasn't reported that's an in-kind
contribution and what Rudy Giuliani is
saying actually proves a point that
prosecutors would want to make that this
was done outside of the campaign to hide
the payment a week and a half before the
presidential campaign due to accrue to
the benefit of Donald Trump's campaign
Giuliani just stepped right into it
there and I'm baffled that a guy that
was an in public office for as long as
he was and was a lawyer for as long as
he was didn't realize that he was
undercutting his own client I have to
agree I mean I we are all watching that
there were about a million lawyers whose
faces were actually frozen and shocked
by what we were seeing because this this
would not be a viable defense
and I think that what Giuliani was
trying to do is say that it can't be
campaign finance violation because it's
not money coming from the campaign which
is you a bleep oint --i doubt doesn't
really track but then he was saying well
the president knew of the details in the
sense that he knew Michael would handle
it
and what really struck me as being the
most worrisome element is this is
exactly what some of us have talked
about is the danger for Trump if he
tried this type of nuance and frankly
ridiculous spin in an interview or
deposition or grand jury he won't make
it out legally I mean the you you saw
what would happen with just a casual
conversation with Sean Hannity you know
that's nothing in comparison having a
skilled prosecutor examining you and you
know it only works if they only get one
question and no follow-up and that's not
going to happen so professor Turley it's
the argument by Giuliani last night was
a little hard to follow at times but I
think what he was trying to say was that
at the time of the payment President
Trump didn't know that Michael Kohn had
paid a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to stormy Daniels but after the
fact learned about it and then repaid it
in a series of installments does that
help the president's case at all that he
didn't know at the time that it was a
direct payment to stormy Daniels and he
could just say I was merely reimbursing
for legal fees to the tune of well
$130,000 conveniently the price that was
paid to stormy Daniels I think that it
helps in the sense that if he had no
specific knowledge he may not be
responsible for a campaign finance
violations that is intentional I that's
not the end of the question for a court
if if he was aware that and Giuliani
also said this that there was a fluid
relationship with Michael Cohen handling
these types of problems that doesn't
necessarily take out what's called the
sea enter element
to the offense I think that what
Giuliani was trying to do is to say that
this was the Cohen was never part of the
campaign he was the president's fixer
the president gave him authority to do
things and so this really was an
exercise of legal representation not
campaign finance you know John Edwards
tried to make similar types of nuanced
arguments and he ultimately I have to
say did succeed as we talked about in
the past I thought that John Edwards
prosecution was pretty weak this would
be weak in that sense as well because
these are hard crimes to prove but what
Giuliani was saying would not be a
perfect defense all right Jonathan
Turley thank you very much for calling
in believe it or not that was just part
of what Rudy Giuliani said last night
just a small part actually we'll compare
and contrast what he said about the
firing of Jim Comey with what the
president said nearly one year ago we
have a lot more many more people to hear
from we'll get to Rick Eddie and Casey
after a quick break you're watching
Morning Joe we'll be right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
