oh I think I'll start right there we'll
begin with that stunning revelation from
president Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani
last night telling Fox News that Trump
reimbursed his fixer Michael Cohen for
that $130,000 hush money payment to
pornstar stormy Daniels despite
president Trump's assertion last month
that he was unaware of it having
something to do with paying some stormy
Daniels woman 130,000 I mean which is
gonna turn out to be perfectly legal
that money was not campaign money sorry
I'm giving you a fact now that you don't
know it's not campaign money no campaign
finance violation so they funneled it
through the law firm Sun Rosen law firm
and the president repaid it oh I didn't
know that he did yeah there's no
campaign finance law zero so the press
is like every Shan so what this decision
was made by everybody everybody was
nervous about this from the very
beginning I wasn't I knew how much money
Donald Trump put into that campaign I
said 130 thousand ain't gonna do a
couple of checks four hundred thirty
thousand but you know the president
didn't know about this I believe I know
about the specifics of it as far as I
know but he didn't know about the
general arrangement that Michael would
take care of things like this like I
take care of things like this for my
clients I don't burden them with every
single thing that comes along these are
busy people some kind of clients you got
in there mr. mayor now let me let me let
me go to what Rudy Giuliani said there
to it's remarkable that he kept saying
there's no campaign money involved here
well the problem is that if it's not
campaign money involved here if it's
just Michael Cohen riding a $130,000
check not related to the camp
that's what we've all been talking about
and I'm not sure where Rudy Giuliani's
been over the past several months but
those are called in-kind contributions
contributions that aren't written to
Donald Trump for president but those are
contributions that benefit the president
that don't go into the campaign that the
FEC and the federal government will look
at and they'll say we'll listen bet that
was an in-kind contribution you could
not give him that dinner for five
thousand of his closest friends and not
report that because anything that
benefits the campaign becomes a campaign
contribution whether it's quote campaign
money or not Mika I don't know what's
more disturbing Rudy Giuliani not
knowing that or saying it to Sean
Hannity who acted like they had both
just seen the Ark of the Covenant at the
end of Raiders of the Lost Ark they're
about three months behind this story
it's it was staggering we keep saying
that but this is a new one the
Washington Post's Bob Kosta spoke to
Giuliani after his Fox interview Kosta
tweeted Giuliani tells me he just spoke
with POTUS tonight by phone president
very pleased
Giuliani says they discussed his
revelation of the reimbursements long in
advance does not expect to be fired
insists his remarks on Fox News were
approved by Trump according to the
Deloitte yeah Giuliani good it's not
that's just not good I mean okay a
growing suppose Giuliani quote does not
know when the president learned of the
nature of the payment Cohen had made to
Daniels to keep her quiet about an
affair with President Trump let's
remember Giuliani said the president
didn't learn many of the details about
the settlement until the past two weeks
in the wake of an FBI raid on Cohen's
office and residence stormy Daniels
lawyer Michael avenatti said he's quote
rendered
wellis by Giuliani's revelation he will
join us on set at the top of the next
hour so he'll be on in an hour and
hopefully he'll get his speech back Joe
yeah boy willie Geist
you know there's that moment in their
view where he said let me tell you
something that you don't know yeah well
and late none of those guys know
anything Thank You Rudy jula was Rudy
Giuliani just going on their shooting
from the hip because what he said
actually could make the president's
situation even worse
yeah I mean there's no question about it
when the campaign finance piece is what
Rudy Giuliani thought he was going on
that show to take care of to say it
wasn't Michael Cohen it was in fact the
president by the way let's go back to
the beginning of this the President of
the United States has denied that he
even had an affair with stormy Daniels
so that now raises the question then why
did you pay her one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to keep her quiet a few
weeks before the election but Jeremy
bash you've been looking at this
interview last night and saying well if
they think they cleared the decks on
campaign finance there might be wrong on
that count but they also might have
opened themselves up to something else
here what did you see yeah Willie a
couple things first of all what Giuliani
told Bob Kosta and then I think to the
New York Times as well is that the
payments extended far beyond the hundred
and thirty thousand dollar of
reimbursement for stormy Daniels there
was a $35,000 a month a payment that was
made by Trump to Michael Cohen totaling
about four hundred and seventy thousand
dollars the first question the big
question this morning is what was all
that other money for where there are
there other shoes to drop are there
other people that Michael Cohen had to
pay off to keep quiet I think that's the
first big question second is that the
president when he became president had
to disclose financial disclosure forms
did he disclose the loan from Michael
Cohen for $135,000 if he didn't he
didn't do it
and he failed to do that knowingly that
is a felony that's a violation other
people have been charged for failing to
disclose adequately loans made to them
by others and so we have to look
carefully at that there's already an
existing lawsuit on that and then you
know finally my big question is is there
bank or wire
fraud implicated here because if the
president michael cohen conspired in
advance to move money to hide this from
regulators or to deceive the bank on the
true nature of the loan that michael
cohen was taking to front this cash that
is also a felony of bank and wire fraud
and all you have to do is look at the
way muller laid this out in the metaphor
indictment to know that his prosecutors
his investigators are very good at
following the money so Jim VandeHei I
don't know what kind of reporting you
might have on this but is the president
and is Rudy Giuliani now just riffing
along here or is there a stir what what
in God's name could be their strategy
why one most people in the White House
were caught off guard to you there's no
doubt Rudy Giuliani and the president
over the course of the last week at
least have discussed doing this at some
point and putting it out there and
saying there can't be a campaign finance
violation because the money was repaid
if you if you look at what Rudy Giuliani
said on Hannity and then what he said to
other reporters he's clearly trying to
keep a lot of fog there in terms of what
did the president actually know that
money was going to be used for and and
then he he's not actually saying yes I
had an affair with this woman and I knew
that that money was paid as hush money
and I reimbursed it they're being very
careful on that front but it's not an
accident that this got out they clearly
think it's part of a legal strategy I
think most people who are who are
students of this case don't really get
what the legal strategy is at this point
and I think the danger is is that it was
something that was pretty much
improvised between the president and
Rudy Giuliani themselves without input
from the small number of other people on
the legal team so MSNBC chief legal
correspondent rml Burr tweeted the feds
now have everything from Michael Cohen's
office do they have something that's
forcing Trump's lawyers to admit he's
behind the stormy Daniels payment after
all his public denials joe mike barnicle
there's just absolutely no coordination
on anything that said they're constantly
changing their story this is a sort of
thing again the donald trump may be able
to get get away with when he's just
sending out tweets and he talks about
fake news but
as you've seen when you go into court
proceedings they have timelines and they
have statements and they write down the
statements this is what he said on
January the fifth this is what he said
on you know February the second this is
what he said on March the four I mean
you go through the timeline of this this
is going to be devastating for whomever
the defendant is when they finally get
in court whether it's Donald Trump or
whether it's Michael Cohen they can't
keep their story straight and for me
it's just baffling a little league
baseball team would be able to get their
stories more straight than the president
the United States and these Confederacy
at this confederacy of dunces yeah joe
jeremy alluded to the president's legal
strategy wondering what it is Emmit
flood is not there yet to preside over
the legal strategy he is a legitimate
professional he yes we will bring some
coordination to that legal strategy but
right now I'm told yesterday last night
that the legal strategy the president
and Rudy Giuliani are employing the
legal strategy is fear they are
desperately afraid that Michael Cohen is
cooperating with the with the special
prosecutor and they are also convinced
that the special prosecutor might have
Donald Trump's tax returns which would
be a lethal weapon in terms of matching
the president's rhetoric against actual
fact-based stuff you know what did he
spend the money on what was the $400,000
Plus spent on did he deduct it things
like that so they are in a world of hurt
and they're waiting for him at flood to
come through the door to stop the flood
you know because thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
