uh and thanks to and home for joining us
this hour no distracting visit here I
know all right
Paul Manafort was fired or he resigned
as Donald Trump's campaign chairman in
mid-august 2016 he left that left the
campaign amid some startling news
reports that he had secretly been paid
millions of dollars off the books by the
Ukrainian government now Paul Manafort
insisted that there was nothing wrong
with the way he had been paid in that
country for his totally normal political
consulting work but it was awkward for a
u.s. presidential candidate to have his
campaign chairman turn out to be
secretly on the payroll of a pro-russian
foreign government that had recently
been deposed in a popular uprising
so Paul Manafort left the campaign amid
those reports and actually he left the
campaign under circumstances that are
still not particularly clear especially
in the financial front but if you widen
the aperture on that moment in American
political history that moment in
American presidential campaign history
it's it's it seems clear that that
moment was not just awkward for Paul
Manafort and for the Trump campaign it
was also if you wind it out just a
little bit you can see that that was
also a very awkward moment for the
country that had apparently secretly
been paying Paul Manafort off the books
pop manna forts client in Ukraine was a
pro Putin dictator who he basically
remade in his own image the picture on
the left here is Yanukovych before Paul
Manafort the picture in the middle is
Nina Kovac after Paul Manafort like
loaned him all his suits and his haircut
but come 2014 Paul mana forts Extreme
Makeover Grecian formula magic was no
longer enough to keep you Anna Kovich in
power and Ukrainians revolted against
him they overthrew his government and he
fled naturally to Moscow where he
remains in exile today under the
protection of Vladimir Putin's
government so Yanukovych got ousted the
new government that took over thereafter
came to power in these really dramatic
circumstances right amid these massive
protests
in the streets and the shifting and
uncertain loyalties of the police and
the military and the new government
ended up taking over the running of that
country in dramatic circumstances it's
no small matter to take over running a
country when it had previously been run
by a Putin supporting dictator in your
country that has a very big long border
with Russia the new government in fact
also took over what would soon be a war
with Russia but at the same time I mean
all that the new government also decided
that it was a priority for them to come
to terms with what had happened under
the previous regime with what had
happened under the dictator who they
deposed they decided that one of their
priorities is a new government would be
to understand to grapple with the
looting the corruption the wholesale
cheating and theft of state state assets
which it all happened under manna fort
sky and of course you remember the sort
of scary and amazing footage of the long
uprising that ultimately outs did man
afford sky but the images from that time
that I have found even more indelible
since that all happened is the footage
not just from the uprising but the
footage we got from the aftermath after
mana fort sky after Yanukovych fled to
Russia because the aftermath footage was
was very moving I think in a in a
civic-minded sense we ended up with this
footage of Ukrainians regular people by
the thousands streaming into the
properties and the palaces that Viktor
Yanukovych had kept locked up in secret
while he was in power so that the people
of his country couldn't see what he was
stealing after he was gone after he fled
to Russia the Ukrainian people opened up
the gates and went in to see for
themselves and they were not there to
loot the place which you might expect in
those circumstances they went in instead
to find out and document what this guy
had done with their country's wealth and
that's how we learned about his private
Zoo and his antique car museum and his
gold-plated golf clubs does that even
make for good golfing that's how we
learned he had a fake Spanish galleon
floating restaurant just for himself
you know and there's something amazing
about the footage of regular people
trying to figure out what all this stuff
is and what to make of the fact that
yeah he really did have a gold toilet
but look at the creepy gold toilet feet
look at that why does the toilet need
feet at all why do they have to be gold
but it's a sort of it's fascinating to
see regular people just taking this in
realizing oh wow
this is what he'd been stealing all of
our money for was to build himself a
place like this with stuff like this and
the Ukrainian people did not tear the
place apart they didn't loot it they
opened it up to show everyone and they
invited in news crews so the world could
see what this guy had done and then they
took it further they dove into his
private lake that he'd had dug for his
private floating restaurant and they
pulled out the papers that had been sunk
there they poked through the fireplaces
and the ash piles to collect the shreds
of documents that mana forts guy had
decided to try to destroy before he fled
in the dead of night back to Russia they
salvaged all the documents they could to
try to piece them all back together look
at the torn and burnt shreds of
documents they're laying them out to dry
to try to piece them back together so
they can tell the truth about this
corrupt pro-putin kleptocracy that they
had just risen up as a people and
against and end it and you know things
in Ukraine have not worked out perfectly
they not necessarily worked out great
change is hard but in that moment that
human endeavor to try to make sure the
truth did not get disappeared that that
moment where they decided you know what
people need to know this needs to be
preserved for historical accuracy there
has to be accountability for what
happened here we can't just let this all
go it was moving right it was just as a
sober constructive practical example of
how to love your country in difficult
times it was moving well as part of that
effort the new government that took over
in Ukraine after this guy was run out of
the country and fled back to Moscow they
established a new job in the new
government
they established a special prosecutor to
make use of all that Salvage to
documentation to piece it all together
to make sure that the people who did
what they did didn't get away with it
they established a special special
prosecutor to investigate and pursue
criminal charges against anybody who was
part of the the corruption and the
selling out of that country under mana
forts guy under Yanukovych well amid the
3,000 or so cases that were eventually
opened by that anti-corruption
prosecutor four of those cases were
about Trump campaign Chairman Paul
Manafort and his work in Ukraine Paul
Manafort who had resigned from Trump's
campaign amid scandalous reporting hear
about these secret payments and millions
of dollars that he got out of Ukraine
Paul Manafort of course have since been
charged in this country with multiple
felonies mostly related to allegedly to
him allegedly laundering millions of
dollars that he got out of that country
and him allegedly cooking up more or
less elaborate schemes involving off
share offshore banks and shell companies
to try to evade paying taxes on that
income so for example Ukrainian
documents from the old regime he worked
for those documents show big payments
for who knows what - a company called
global highway limited and again that's
of concern to the Ukrainians in this new
government who are trying to figure out
what happened to all the money that was
looted from their country because who
knows what that payment was supposedly
for but it was to global highway limited
well that company name turns up again in
the special council's indictment of Paul
Manafort because the Ukrainians can see
money going into that company but what
the special counsels office was able to
document is where the money from that
company went that same company global
highway limited turned up in the
indictment against Paul Manafort here
because it was used to pay some of Paul
manna for its own luxurious lifestyle
bills paid mana forts bills at
businesses where he bought lots of fancy
suits and also antiques money laundering
is often more complex than this but in
this case it looks pretty simple Ukraine
paid company company buys suits and ties
and clocks or whatever for Paul Manafort
FBI raids Paul Manafort house they take
the suits and ties and clocks or
whatever because they figured out
where the money came from to pay for
those things and according to that
indictment that money turns up nowhere
as Paul mana for its taxable income from
his legitimate overseas consulting
company so as money laundering cases go
it's not that complicated that's tax
evasion cases go it's not that
complicated and it all goes back to
Ukraine and mana forts Ukraine stuff is
embarrassing and awkward enough for him
that when it was first revealed in the
in the American press it got him fired
off the Trump campaign but remains of
interest to prosecutors here in this
country because of money laundering and
tax evasion and it remains of interest
to prosecutors in Ukraine because
Ukraine as a country and as a new post
yet a Kovich government is trying to
figure out what happened to all that
money what happened to their country's
wealth when mana forts guy was in charge
and stealing all the money sure a lot of
it went to buy ostriches and toilets
with gold feet but I don't want to Paul
Manafort too and so Ukraine has been
trying to track that down and this is
the point in the story where the music
changes and gets all menace and dark
because the New York Times has just
broken a really important story on this
subject today Andrew Kramer in The New
York Times reports today that those four
investigations into Paul Manafort that
had been opened by prosecutors in
Ukraine over manna forts alleged
involvement in the hand over fist
corruption of the government he worked
for they're those for open
investigations into Paul Manafort which
apparently were quite neatly dovetailing
with the special counsels work in this
country and the special counsels
prosecution in this country of Paul
Manafort those four investigations in
Ukraine have just been spiked they're
dead on orders quote in the United
States Paul J Amana Ford is facing chart
excuse me facing prosecution on charges
of money laundering and financial fraud
stemming from his decade of work for a
pro-russian political party in Ukraine
but in Ukraine for cases involving mr.
manna fort have been effectively frozen
by Ukraine's chief prosecutor quote
keenly aware of president Trump's
distaste for the investigation by the
Special Counsel robert muller into
possible collusion between russia and
his campaign some ukrainian lawmakers
say the manna fort cases now are
quote just too sensitive the decision to
halt the investigations by an
anti-corruption prosecutor was handed
down at a delicate moment for Ukraine as
the Trump administration was finalizing
plans to sell that country sophisticated
anti-tank missiles called javelins the
State Department issued an export
license for the jazz javelin missiles on
December 22nd on March 2nd the Pentagon
announced the final approval for the
sale of the javelins and they're
launching units the order to halt
investigations into mr. manna fort came
very soon thereafter in early April
a Ukrainian Member of Parliament readily
acknowledged to the times that the
intention behind blocking the manna for
investigations quote is obvious in every
possible way we will avoid irritating
the top American officials he said quote
the order issued in April isolated the
four manna fort investigations cases
were not technically closed according to
a statement from the Prosecutor
General's Office but the order does
block the anti-corruption prosecutor who
was pursuing the cases from issuing
subpoenas for any evidence or from
interviewing any witnesses the
anti-corruption prosecutor said in an
interview with The Times quote we have
no authority to continue our
investigation before the order came down
to freeze the cases the anti-corruption
prosecutor investigating a man apart
says that he had reached out to the
special counsels office in the u.s. to
try to formalize cooperation between
Moeller's team and the Ukrainians
running their investigations into mana
for that anti-corruption prosecutor now
says since he has lost the authority to
investigate manna for it that offer to
cooperate is now quote moot so bottom
line for us here in this country does
robert muller does the special counsel's
office actually need these prosecutors
in ukraine in order to nail Paul
Manafort to the wall judging from their
progress in their cases against him in
two federal jurisdictions so far
probably not probably not looks like
they're doing fine but we now know flat
out based on this remarkable new report
from Andrew Kramer in The New York Times
today that the government in this other
country spiked those active in vest
patience and effectively spiked the
offer for their prosecutors to cooperate
with Muller specifically to curry favor
with Donald Trump and the US government
because they wouldn't want to help
Muller that might make Trump mad we also
know that when they made that decision
to drop those prosecutions in Ukraine
the president and the US government
changed their long-standing position on
whether or not to sell that country
anti-tank weapons they decided oh you
know what actually despite our previous
opposition we're going to go ahead and
sell you that was those weapons so did
the US government did the Trump White
House ask for that particular favor from
Ukraine did the Trump white house did
President Trump did the Trump
administration say hey Ukraine stop
helping Muller maybe you'll get your
missiles I mean I don't know that seems
nuts right but everything does seem nuts
now and so it's probably at least time
to ask so we can at least get an answer
on the record now to compare with
whatever the later answer will be down
the road once we get further reporting
that explicate s-- the real situation so
spiking the mana fort investigations
spiking the cooperation with Muller
that's one thing there is a bigger
revelation though in this new reporting
today that has even bigger implications
for what the president here is about to
face here in this country next and
that's our next story stay with us hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
