Carol what'd you learn about this what
sounds like quite a quite an intense
meeting between the president's lawyers
and Muller yes this was an interesting
meeting that seems to keep producing
interesting news it was March 5th the
presidents then lead lawyer and coal ore
sat down with Mahler in his office to
basically talk about whether or not they
were going to do the interview a lot of
things happen some of which we've
already reported you know this is the
meeting where Muller tells Trump's
lawyers the Trump is not a criminal
target of his investigation that point
but just a subject but now we're
learning that in that meeting Muller
raised the possibility not in a
threatening way but kind of a veiled
threat of I can subpoena your guy if you
don't want to voluntarily bring him in
and it caused not not harsh words but
some tense conversations about how the
Muller investigation from Trump's point
of view was ruining his presidency and
casting a shadow over everything he did
so it's this is this as far as your
reporting indicates the last time that
there was this kind of meeting between
the president's lawyers and Muller
himself no we did report about another
meeting after John Dowd then the lead
attorney resigned in late March there
was one more when Rudy Giuliani came on
the scene yeah in just this month I'm
sorry forgive me in late April I want to
say it's last week and it feels like a
month it was just week and in that in
that session Rudy Giuliani is saying hey
like like to get to know you again Bob
and want to talk about the evidence
you're sifting through and get a feeling
about this investigation from you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
