we're joined now by phone by former
Watergate prosecutor and MSNBC
contributor Jill wine banks Jill I
wanted to get your reaction to the the
list of questions you've seen lists of
questions like this from prosecutors
before especially ones developed
internally that are not shared with
others what do you see is the biggest
challenge for the president in the
special prosecutors questions for him
the biggest challenge to him is that he
doesn't stick to the truth and these are
very specific very factual questions and
it will be hard to just make up answers
he's going to have to deal with facts
and he also doesn't know what Muller
actually knows about these facts he
doesn't know the testimonies that Muller
already has so he could be walking into
a very bad situation where he will be
saying something that he actually may
even believe to be true because as I
said before I think he has deluded
himself into believing some of these
things and they aren't true and the
facts will be clear to Muller and that's
a problem for him I think the list is a
very obvious list I think Keith Williams
said it very very well that if you were
a lawyer on his side these are the
questions you would have been preparing
them for because they're quite obvious
that they would be the things you'd want
to know they do focus on intent they do
focus on obstruction and this could be a
very major thing I think it lays out a
very good case for anyone who's paying
attention for the American public to
look at and say goodness gracious is
this what the president was doing and
Jill there are several questions in here
about the president's first national
security adviser Michael Flynn who of
course the president had to fire Michael
Flynn has already pleaded guilty to
lying to the FBI and so presumably the
special prosecutor already has answers
from Michael Flynn about every question
that the special prosecutor has for
Donald Trump about Michael Flynn
for example this question what efforts
were made to reach out to mr. Flynn
about
seeking immunity or possible pardon
now Robert Muller already has
information from Michael Flynn about
that doesn't he absolutely he does and
there was already a lot of stories about
John Dowd having discussed pardons so he
it's going to be very hard to deny these
things when the evidence is very clear
I can't remember how long ago was that
Rudy Giuliani said I'll get this taken
care of in a week or two it'll be all
wrapped up I don't anywhere near that no
I'd like to be part of it your law firm
of Reuben claims and Marcus they did a
very good job on this you you're the
senior partner Jill one bank thank you
very much for joining us tonight really
appreciate it thank you Lauren and we're
now joined by phone by Congressman
Eric's wall wall he's a member of the
House Intelligence Committee and
congressman you're a former prosecutor
yourself you've had a chance to look at
these questions I just want to ask you
as a tactician in in legal practice I
think a lot of people watching tonight
will think that this gives the president
a great advantage to be able to get
these questions in writing ahead of time
what's your reaction to that
good evening Lawrence certainly I never
want to hear again from the president
that this is a witch-hunt he's getting
the questions in advance I've never done
that before with any defendant or
high-level witness that I have
questioned and also that this is nothing
more than an obstruction of justice hunt
or a conspiracy hunt so for all the
fears out there that this was about
going way back into his questionable
business dealings this is a pretty
straightforward investigation and it
wants to know did you have knowledge of
what the Russians were doing when they
were doing it were you talking to them
and mixing your political campaign with
business dealings and once you were
elected were you seeking to obstruct the
investigation into what others were
doing during the campaign it's pretty
straightforward and I don't see why now
he can't just sit in that witness chair
and answer the questions and finally
come clean with the American people
the likelihood that the president would
be able to tell the truth in any
extended conversation with anyone has
never been publicly demonstrated that he
can do three consecutive minutes without
a script where he would actually not be
lying we've never seen him do that no he
has never met I think the truth a day in
his life is someone who you know time
after time you know is not honest you
know about who he's met with who he is
dealt with and you know that's going to
be a challenge for him but that's his
problem that's not Bob Moeller's problem
and you know no one in Congress no
lawyer that can protect him from that
but he's the president of the United
States now and presidents don't take the
Fifth Amendment presidents don't run
from lawful investigations presidents
come clean from with the American people
or they don't do the job anymore that's
what happened with Richard Nixon so he
needs to decide you know what his
priorities are because all of this is
affecting his ability to lead the people
he promised whose lives would be better
because he was in office
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
