it is kind of crazy that the Trump
campaign was in contact with Russia when
the Hillary campaign wasn't even in
contact with Michigan Democrats are
harder to make fun of because you guys
don't do anything three moving you might
flip the House and Senate this November
but you guys always find a way to mess
it up you're somehow gonna lose by 12
points to a guy named Jeff pedophile
Nazi doctor there was some funny joke my
god she had some was funny
she had some can I just say in a dark
bar like at a comedy club the whole
thing would have been pretty hilarious
Netflix which is what she wants you he's
really good she's hilarious there were
some things and again that's a really
offensive jokes about a really offensive
about Southwest Airline whatever but
guess what the thing is as a comedian
that's what you do ya take chances you
bomb you draw take that okay one thing
that
what about Southwest Airlines we're not
going somebody at some point you're in
comics routine well exactly and by the
way after Stephen Colbert bombed in the
room as badly as he did and he did bomb
in the room that rich little the next
year who bombed in the room because he
went the other way it's like don't go
either way let's watch someone Netflix
you can have him at the after parties
let's celebrate the great journalists
out there that are putting their lives
on the line but hey I was corrected he
was very polite because Jonathan Wald is
unfailingly polite very Jonathan Wald is
an honorable man what is Wi-Fi but he
reminded me of a Democrat key absolutely
skewered you remember well David
Ignatius you were probably there oh my
god you don't even remember the done
Don Imus attack of Bill Clinton and
Hillary and Peter Jennings it was that
actually was perhaps even more vicious
than this
I I'm sorry to say or happy to say I'm
not sure which that I haven't been to
that to that event in forever but you
know the point of these comedy routines
is is to be mean I mean you know sort of
nice comedy skit doesn't it what's the
what's the point of that I just think
this is a particular moment as we've
been saying we keep telling ourselves
this is not a normal moment we have a
president who's attacking our profession
and we just set ourselves up Saturday
night for all the people who think well
were the people in tuxedos who have
snide comics you know it's just we
couldn't have painted a worse picture of
ourselves or disconnected I remember
caddy and what happens is I mean you you
you make the very people you're
lampooning sympathetic figure
correct I remember ran against a guy in
Congress but I was really running
against Bill Clinton I loathe Bill
Clinton everything about what he was
doing in the White House and I remember
looking at that going oh come on come on
man I can't it's too much done too much
yeah actually you know what I went into
labor during that dinner I was just
looking at it oh my god 96 and I had to
leave quarter of the way through the
speech because I went into labor
you're my that was still ahead President
Trump casually implies he could ruin the
career of a u.s. senator that's nice why
the president attacked Montana's John
tester and how the senator is responding
ahead on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
