I want to talk some more about this
though with independent senator from
Maine member of the Select Committee on
Intelligence joining me now and guess
king senator King thank you so much for
your time tonight I really appreciate it
good to be with you Casey I want to pick
up where our conversation left off and
ask you about the House Intelligence
Committee report did you find it
credible well I have to have been I
haven't read it in detail I've read
about it I understand the conclusions
that they've made but I don't want to
assert something that I haven't done but
this has been a long time coming I mean
they broke down into a partisan
bickering on this months and months ago
and my impression is by saying the
Russians didn't have a preference in
this election didn't want to defeat
Hillary Clinton or elect Donald Trump
that just doesn't square with the
evidence I mean I've I've spent a lot of
time on this and I've read that class
I've read the classified version of the
report of the intelligence community
that came out January a year ago and
it's pretty conclusive and it's it's
very strong I don't I don't really think
there's any doubt about that I think
there is doubt on the collusion issue
and that's what's taking us the time
that we're taking and we're taking our
time following up on every possible lead
but just to argue that a the Russians
didn't do it be that they didn't have a
preference for Donald Trump and see that
they weren't trying to knock off Hillary
Clinton or compromised her if she was
elected that just flies in the face of
all the evidence that I've seen speaking
of your investigation we played earlier
not Natalia bashfulness kaya's interview
with Richard Engel or she admits to
being an informant that's not what she
told your committee is that correct it
was I believe it was the well she's she
said two or three different things but
all the again the evidence that we've
had is she may not be on the government
payroll but she's very closely
affiliated with the government and she
wasn't going to take a position that was
contrary to their to anything they
wanted her to do you know what the exact
relationship is we don't know but it
does appear that she's changed her story
a bit in the last couple of months what
is the overall status of the Senate
intelligence committees investigation
into these matters do you still feel as
though the Chairman Richard
burr is acting in good faith absolutely
no there's no question about that in my
mind
the status is that we're taking it in in
phases KC about a month ago we released
and we're still related waiting for the
the redaction and the declassification
but the first phase was what did they do
in the States that Russians interfered
in at least 21 state election systems
all the evidences they're going to do it
again so that was number one because we
want to try to warn and help the states
prevent that in 2018 just six months
from now the the second piece is the
whole hacking the WikiLeaks the use of
the emails the third frankly wouldn't
have been a big piece when we started
this a year and a half ago and that's
the the Facebook disinformation and and
that part of it and then the fourth the
fourth section which I hope we're going
to get to as soon as this summer is the
question of collusion was there
cooperation because as you know there
there's a lot of circumstantial evidence
the Trump Tower meeting contacts between
Roger stone he predicted information
that then came out in WikiLeaks what was
the relationship of him to the campaign
Papadopoulos I mean there there are a
lot of stones to turn over and that's
what we're trying to do we've our
committees interviewed something like
well well over a hundred witnesses I was
at Langley at CIA headquarters just two
weeks ago going through some of these
documents so we're gonna do the very
best we can I do it disagree a little
bit with Steve I think we can do a
thorough job we don't have the grand
jury we do have subpoena power but so
far we've had good cooperation from the
FBI NSA CIA so you're saying you think
it'll be summer before there's any
conclusion on collusion whether or not
that happened do you think that the
committee is going to put out or it is
say tell the public if they believe that
there is collusion yeah that's the
that's that's the point the real
question will be how how solid is the
committee on a bipartisan basis I
believe we're going to be able to have
very strong bipartisan support for the
first three sections of the of the
report the last one obviously is the
most politically volatile and difficult
our committee is a very diverse and it
go
from the right to the left and so
holding it together on a bipartisan
basis on that on that conclusion will be
difficult but that's that's where we're
certainly trying to get and I have to
say you know we've taken the cue from
Richard Burr and Mark Warner who really
worked amazingly well together they've
had their differences they've ironed
them out and and argued and debated but
you asked the initial question this
Richard burr have his heart in this and
the answer is yes he knows that this may
be the most important work he has ever
done and he is taking it extremely
seriously another key item on your
agenda coming up is Gina Haspel the
president's nominee to be the next
director of the CIA are you satisfied
with the CIA's explanation of her role
in these torture tapes and the
destruction of those tapes and have you
decided whether you plan to support her
nomination the answer is no and no I
haven't decided and I'm not satisfied
with the explanation that's the that's
the part that really bothers me I I find
it very hard to understand justifying
destroying evidence particularly when
you look at the timing which was four or
five days before a congressional
investigation was to kick off into this
matter Carl Levin announced an
investigation and within a very short
period of time as I understand the
timeline the tapes were destroyed that
really bothers me and I am not yet
satisfied with the answers that I've
been given I've met with her she has
discussed it given her explanation but
I'm going to wait for the hearing I may
I will probably have another classified
meeting with her but as of this point I
have I want to find out what her
attitude was and whether she was acting
as a kind of clerk and just taking
orders or was she an active participant
and cheerleader for the distance for the
destruction of these tapes if it was the
latter I'm gonna have a hard time
supporting her senator angus King thank
you as always so much your time I really
appreciate it thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
