thing one tonight president Trump's
phone an interview on Fox & Friends is
still creating a buzz last night I was
on Late Night with Seth Meyers talking
about the sheer bizarreness of it all we
are interviewing the president's you
push that as long as you can right yeah
you got a million questions you keep him
there keep him there it's like a scene
in a movie where they're tracing the
phone call yeah like it's like but it
was the opposite they treated him like
he was a crazy caller in their college
yeah and they had to get him off so by
the end of it it's like well yeah we
should probably you're probably busy and
he's like no I'm I'm pretty good yeah
they really well Fox and Friends we're
having a hard time wrapping the Prezi
nighted States their body language was a
sight to behold
you can see on their faces that they are
slightly horrified yeah Steve Doocy does
a patented grimace grin yeah pretty like
slaps his knees like juicy really is a
pro at the hand to knee motion and after
Kellyanne Tom Waits big announcement on
Fox and Friends this morning Steve Doocy
better get ready for some more grimace
grins
that's things too in 60 seconds so today
presidential counselor Kelly and Conway
gave a big thumbs up to president struck
president Trump's performance on Fox and
Friends
and the president was able to cover so
much ground with you yesterday and
appreciated the platform because it
connects him with the American people
not just on Fox News but that really was
the buzz around the globe yesterday in
large part because everybody had to
replay your clips
yep the Presidents Boehner certainly was
the buzz though the buzz generated was
let's say not entirely positive but
never fear the president plans to check
in with those Fox and Friends hosts
according to Conway again and again the
president has said that he would like to
perhaps come once a month
as news breaks you know he'll keep under
weight come to Fox and Friends once a
month yes pretty much a monthly basis
the most powerful TV show in the world
will have to wait until the next edition
to see the president really does have a
million things to do there is no
collusion with me and Russia and
everyone knows that every one week we
talk to you all day but it looks like
you have a million things to do hope you
can join us again hey there arm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
