Republican senator Susan Collins after a
course of criticism continued to defend
her decision to support Brent
Cavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme
Court last night 160 minutes
I believed that a sexual assault had
happened to her what I think she's
mistaken about is who the perpetrator
was I do not believe her salient was
Brett Kavanaugh again that's despite dr.
Ford dispelling that idea of mistaken
identity when she testified dr. Ford
with what degree of certainty do you
believe Brett Kavanaugh assaulted you
100% tirana Burke is the founder of the
me2 movement always good to have you
thanks for coming in let's start there
with Susan Collins were you surprised to
hear that from a Republican senator
who's a female I'm surprised to hear it
from anybody who listened to dr. Blakey
for testify last week I can't believe
that she would say that she's mistaken
about her assailant like that's the one
thing that we are as survivors never
really mistaken by when we look them in
their faith I want to get your take on
something while you're here it's been
one year since me to gain national
attention this idea that the cabin our
confirmation is a setback for me to do
you see it as a setback for the movement
do you see it as a stepping-stone for
the movement or do you see it being
somewhat unrelated to it no it's
definitely related I don't see it as a
setback I think people need to
understand what movements are right this
is a long fight sexual violence is
pervasive and the depth and breadth of
what is done in this country we have not
even begin to unpack this pen being
confirmed is certainly depressing and
it's unfortunate and for those of us who
are fighting to stop the confirmation
it's a it's not a win but for the
movement overall what has also happened
is that survivors have been galvanized
and those who support us and allies have
been galvanized around the country
around this issue and I think it is
given us an opportunity to show that
survivors are more than just a group of
people to pity but that we are a
constituency and a power base do you
think that his confirmation makes it
less likely that assault victims will
speak out no I think that dr. blazing
for coming forth in the way that she did
so courageous and and just so honest in
her testimony will help people to
understand that the outcome may not
always be what you want but there is
still power in coming forward and giving
voice to your to your accusation North
Dakota Republican Senate candidates
again and Kevin Cramer he is he's right
now he's leading Heidi Heitkamp by at
last check about 12 points he was
talking about the me2 movement in the
New York Times this is what he said in
part invoking his wife daughters mother
and mother-in-law
mr. Kramer said they cannot understand
this movement toward victimization they
are pioneers of the Prairie these are
tough people whose grandparents were
tough and great-grandparents were tough
do you think that the meet to movement
does it resonate the same in in major
metropolitan areas like like New York
City like Chicago like Boston does it
resonate the same way in places like
that as it does in in other parts of the
country is there some sort of geographic
divide I can't imagine there's a
geographic divide this is about people's
personal relationships sexual violence
and so this is one man speaking about
the geography that he covers or the
other people in his in his community
however but I'd like to talk to the
mothers and the sisters and the women in
that community and see if they say the
same thing there's not victimization
this is a movement towards survivorship
we're not turning people into victims
these are people who once may have felt
like victims who see that there are
millions of people around just like them
and we stand together as survivors so
there's nothing there's no turning
people into victims here you wrote a
piece recently for a variety where you
talked about this something that we've
talked about as well perhaps more
off-camera than on but you you talked
about the need to shift the focus of the
movement away from Hollywood and the
accused do you believe that this focus
on Hollywood and
and and famous people who have been
accused do you believe that it's hurt
the movement do you believe that it may
have heard professor forward to a
certain extent I think it's certainly
been a setback for the movement because
so many people like the fact that me too
is a thing is because everyday people
use the hashtag if this was really about
what happened Harvey Weinstein we'd be
calling this the Ronan Farrow effect
right we'd be talking about this is a
this is the Weinstein effect but this is
more than that what happened happened
with Harvey Weinstein and then every day
people were moved to say you know what
this has happened to me too yeah and
what's happened over the last year
though is that major media outlets
haven't focused on the people who sent
me to and there's been so much focused
on individual bad actors and individuals
and Hollywood and things like that that
everyday people whose lives have been
opened up right have no recourse and
have no resources and we keep coming
back to the stories of these big large
figures and we're not really talking
about everyday people or the systems of
power and privilege that allow sexual
violence that happen in their lives what
do you think that is do you think it's
just a classic case of us us being
journalists being you know attracted to
the shiny object just being lazy or I'm
not calling alternately but what I am
saying is that there is a cycle of how
we love salacious gossipy headlines we
love celebrity we love things that are
shiny and make big headlines but we have
this is my thing as a human being if you
saw that a hashtag affected 12 million
people in 24 hours that's the reality
twelve million people engaged with this
hashtag in 24 hours after it went viral
on just Facebook alone where are the
headlines that say my god how has sexual
violence of affected our country what's
happening in the country that so many
people's lives have been affected by
that we haven't seen that
Turner burr I always enjoy your insight
always enjoy your perspective thank you
so much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
