I'm joined by MSNBC's Korean affairs
analyst Victor cha he was a top White
House adviser in North Korea during the
Bush administration and he was
reportedly the top candidate to be
president Trump's ambassador to South
Korea until they decided not to he is
currently the Korea chair at the Center
for Strategic and International Studies
mr. Charlie will come back to the show
thank you
let me start with just simply what did
you make of before we get to president
Trump of what we saw overnight on the
Korean Peninsula so clearly a very
historic meeting Chuck I mean this is
the first time the South Koreans have
hosted the North Koreans is the third
meeting between leaders once it happened
in 2000 and then in 2007 I was in Seoul
earlier this week and the message is it
was like a party really I mean before
success could even be declared they were
claiming success right away so so for
the South Koreans and for the North
Koreans very historic talking about
peace it's very important represents you
know the views of the Korean people in
general so one of the things that has
some people a little skeptical already
of the North Koreans what's the simple
fact that they didn't televise this at
all it was as you just said party
atmosphere in Seoul bill neely our
global affairs correspondent was saying
the same thing just this sort of
hopefulness in a way he's describing it
it's the descriptions we I remember
during the fall of the Berlin Wall I
mean it felt that it felt that momentous
but are you concerned that that he's not
advertising this to his own people sure
I mean I think the question always is is
just is this just an act where he's
hoping to get these meetings to remake
his own image I mean six months ago he
was the reclusive rogue leader who
wanted to fire missiles at the United
States and now he's like everybody's
darling smiling on the cameras and
waiting for a meeting with President
Trump it does a lot of conditions did
change in the last year number one was a
new president in South Korea who won on
a mandate of pursuing peace is that fair
to say
sure the Chinese for the first time seem
to participate in the sanctions in a way
that we hadn't seen before when we did
sanction them the the North Koreans and
then of course you had sort of what some
might describe as sort of the madman
theory of how to deal with Kim jong-un
where
Donald Trump said made it made it clear
that he wasn't afraid to quote punch him
in the nose with some sort of military
shot are all those conditions
all that is changing conditions should
we look at that as saying and that's
what why we saw what we saw yesterday I
think that's certainly one of the main
reasons why we saw what we saw the
unanswered question is whether Kim
really has how to come to Jesus moment
whether he's really going to make a
strategic decision to trade in all his
nuclear weapons for acceptance by the
outside world economic assistance and
security guarantees and I guess the
problem is that this summit between
North and South Korea didn't really help
us to answer that particular it was more
of a celebrate it seemed it was
precooked oh yeah yeah exactly
well I want to play something from the
president at the press conference with
Angela Merkel and get your reaction on
the other side here yes I think I have a
responsibility to see if I can do it and
if I can't do it it'll be a very tough
time for a lot of countries and a lot of
people it's certainly something that I
hope I can do for the world
this is beyond the United States this is
a world problem and it's something that
I hope I'm able to do for the world
what it does he clearly is the person
that probably has to close this deal
right if we accept it it's about our
troops and all these things what's your
if you were back in that room and they
weren't then you were the current
ambassador how would you advise the
president and on how to be cautiously
optimistically skeptical I guess with
the North Koreans yes so so I think the
main thing is that this whole issue of
denuclearization is the key to
everything right if North Korea is
willing to give up their weapons peace
treaty normalization is possible do we
do you think we had the same definition
of what denuclearization looks like
that's the big question because I think
right now there's nothing that the North
Korean says have said thus far that
leads one to believe we have similar
definitions the simplest thing would
have been for North Korea to reaffirm
statements they made in the past in 2005
in 1992 which were much more definitive
about giving up their weapons but they
chose not to make those statements and
so that really puts pressure
on this next summit meeting between
Trump and Kim this is going this is
going to be extremely important and the
expectations have grown even more as a
result of this summit very quickly the
main motivation for Kim jong-un here do
you think it's more likely on the
economic front that the sanctions have
had a bite and he's trying to get out of
these sanctions and that's the moment or
could it be his program isn't working
and he actually is gonna it's gonna take
longer for him to get the nuclear
weapons and he now realizes he may not
get him so he might as well cut a deal
now so I think he definitely sees a
pause is working to his advantage now
but his end goal is to be recognized by
the United States as a nuclear weapons
state trade down some of those weapons
but certainly keep some he wants to keep
something yeah all right Victor Chuck
our Korean affairs analyst here almost
in that administration do you do you
understand why you weren't pick now or
not or a little more opaque well every
administration has the choice to make it
even if they pick someone and to change
their mind and I'm at peace with it fair
enough
Victor cha let's hope there's peace that
what we saw yesterday does lead to a
lasting peace thank you for coming up
Sharon abuse hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
