in one of the first major court
victories of the me2 era Bill Cosby was
convicted on all counts of sexual
assault in a high-stakes retrial nearly
a year after a jury was left deadlocked
over the same charges the case centered
around andrea constand a former Temple
University employee who testified Cosby
drugged and sexually assaulted her in
his Pennsylvania home in 2004 the 80
year old Cosby who is free on bail now
faces a maximum of up to 30 years in
prison he will be added to the sex
offender registry Cosby's attorneys say
the fight is not over they are appealing
he'll be back in court in two or three
months for sentencing
joining me now legal analyst Lisa Greene
and Patrice's Starr I caused the accuser
who was a Jane Doe in the 2005 case
against Cosby welcome both Patricia
frigid well your reaction to the verdict
it was a stunning verdict I'd prepared
myself for an acquittal or a hung jury
because these cases are so difficult to
prove and to win so it took me quite a
while to process the reality of what had
just happened and then I began to cry
and my husband embraced me and the two
of us stood crying for a while and how
do you reconcile you know Cosby's public
image with the demon that was described
in this trial you know for years since
this happened to me in 1978 to 1980 I
knew who he really was that he was
hiding behind a mask and that he was not
who he pretended to be so seeing him
everywhere on television all the time
was very difficult for me and I'm sure
it was for the other survivors he had
quite an impressive public relations and
imaging campaign going on and it's very
difficult to truly know other people
people can hide large portions of who
they are and he did a very good job
doing that Lisa Greene the defense is
going to appeal and they're going to
appeal because the testimony of other
women was permitted in explaining the
legal ruling and how unusual that was
sure it's um always a struggle between
deciding how much evidence can come in
prior bad acts and obviously Patricia
and other women had come forward
describing a situation that was very
similar eerily similar to what constant
described the judge made I think many
people think a prudent decision to allow
five women to speak we don't know yet
what the jury found most powerful surely
that was part of it and the defense will
use that for appeal but one more
observation Andrea I think the defense
also ought to look in the mirror as it
considers what went wrong because I
think they dusted off a
twentieth-century playbook for a 21st
century jury they attacked constants
credibility they said she was out for
money they attacked the other accusers
and that used to work pretty well in
these cases maybe sound so much anymore
Patricia do you think that the me2
environment has in any way helped reach
this conviction that the jury was
inevitably influenced by the way the
culture has changed in the past year I
do think it had an impact on the jury
even though the judge admonished them
not to let it interfere with their
deliberations about this case but the
jury doesn't live in a bubble none of us
do and were bombarded by information all
the time so the culture has changed and
people have changed their perceptions
and in terms of you now having any kind
of peace about this you still are
surrounded by by relics of his very
positive public image and you you have
to deal with you know with the whole
trauma of what you went through that's
true I've had some good therapy about
that and many years to work on myself
spiritually about it but the truth is
this verdict makes an enormous
difference for us because whether it
changes people's minds or not those
people who still support him most people
now will know who he really is and he
revealed that in the court house when he
yelled at the DA the way he did that's
who Bill Cosby really is and so now
people know that and that gives me a
great measure of peace and that was just
to clarify Lisa green that was him using
profanity
twice after the verdict came in to me
saying the the DA was an a-hole yeah and
you know the judge had admonished people
to really show some decorum that was a
break from that and and to many people
it revealed what I think is Patricia but
I think Patricia's discussing so
profoundly which is you know the
difference between someone who was a
massive role profound role model to so
many people and what had gone on and
finally a jury using due process and
prosecutors brought justice to bear here
Lisa Greene thank you so much and
Patricia story thank you very much hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
