breaking news this hour on the Trump
Tower meeting between Russians and
topped of President Trump campaign
officials the lawyer at the center of
the 2016 meeting this woman
Natalia vessel Mnet's kaya appears to
have been in closer coordination with
the Kremlin than previously known new
emails released by an organization run
by an opponent of Russian President
Vladimir Putin show that Natalia vessel
Metz kaya was working with the Kremlin
prosecutor general the Russian version
of an attorney general to impede an
investigation by the US Justice
Department into the business holdings of
a Russian businessman vessel mitts kaya
was a key player in that June 2016 trump
tower meeting with the suspected former
Russian spy a representative of a
Russian oligarch a British publicist a
Russian translator and the highest level
members of the Trump campaign below the
candidate himself his son Donald Trump
jr. son-in-law Jared Kushner and then
campaign chairman Paul Manafort vessel
disguise relationship with the Kremlin
had been previously suspected but these
emails raised new questions about
Russian interference into the 2016
presidential election separately
excerpts from a nine minority report by
house Intel Committee Democrats cite
emails between an NRA executive and a
senior Trump campaign official that read
in part Putin is deadly serious about
building a good relationship with mr.
Trump he wants to extend an invitation
to mr. Trump to visit him in the Kremlin
before the election joining me now is
NBC's chief foreign correspondent
Richard Engel and NBC justice
correspondent Pete Williams Richard let
me start with you you reached out to an
Italian vessel Mnet's kaya to ask about
these emails what did you learn so just
to set the table a little bit you have
to go back to that Trump Tower meeting
you you already mentioned who was there
that's the nice guy I was there from the
Russian side the key members of the
Trump campaign were there a president
Trump at the time was the presumptive
nominee so he was moving up in the world
and it looked like he was going to
become the Republican nominee at this
meeting the Trump camp goes in believing
that they're going to get dirt on
Hillary Clinton they also believe that
vessel Disgaea is
a Russian government lawyer according to
two emails they show up they gather and
vessel each guy starts talking about
sanctions on Russia and how their unfair
how they're based on lies they're based
on a conspiracy and also according to
emails it exchanges the Trump team leave
and they think it was a bit of a waste
of time so the question is what was it
what was going on there was this a
suggestion of quid pro quo we'll give
you that dirt on Hillary if you deal
with the sanction issue it also raises a
question well who is this woman who is
Visan it's kaya she has long maintained
still maintains that she's a private
citizen has no connections to the
government doesn't work for the
government we uncovered these emails we
were we were we were given them who says
by sources says they came from an
anonymous source and they show or appear
to show correspondence between
vasilevskaya and an official in the
russian state prosecutor's office
coordinating a government response to a
US legal case and that suggests a degree
of influence inside russia that goes
beyond just a average private lawyer and
private citizen in russia so richard a a
lot of people suspected that she wasn't
a private citizen the sanctions under
the Magnitsky Act were designed that
private citizens wouldn't actually be
lobbying anybody for this stuff because
it's really sanctions that were put on
oligarchs and people with very big
financial interests so fundamentally how
does this new realization about vessel
nets Gaia change what we know about that
June 2016 Trump Tower meeting how should
it influence our thinking so I think
it's just one more piece frankly she has
long maintained that she's a private
citizen and this suggests that she has a
degree of influence with the Russian
state that goes beyond that it paints a
different picture of the meaning itself
it shows that the Trump campaign people
weren't just showing up to a meeting
where they thought they were going to
get dirt on Hillary Clinton they were
showing up to a meeting where they
thought they were gonna get dirt on
Hillary Clinton with someone deeply
deeply connected according to these
emails
the reporting that we've found to the
Russian state and that is a different
way of looking at it than just than just
a meeting which was an exchange of ideas
but private sit right which is which is
now becoming harder and harder to
believe okay you've set the table nicely
for us Richard let's listen to a bit of
your conversation with her you said that
you never tried to dictate the case that
the Russian prosecutor was was giving if
you did and that's what these documents
suggest would that be an obstruction of
justice
castrato much right Syria Segundo
Segundo Richard I just do it for me
China but Karen hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
