like Alan let me turn to you because
there is a North Korea ty here Mike
Pompeo of course as CIA director made
that secret meeting over Easter weekend
to visit with Kim jong-un perhaps laying
the groundwork for some of what we saw
today but really for the meeting between
President Trump and Kim jungle and the
scheduled meeting so take us behind the
scenes of the Pompeo confirmation
yesterday and how he got to his
confirmation it was really real quick on
the summit with president this now
really raises the stakes for him we know
from our reporting and that President
Trump sees that summit as his great man
moment this is going to be tough to top
so a lot of people are going to be
worried about what he might give away
and that or what the concessions would
be in that but you're right the stage
was set with Mike Ben pipe Pompey who
yes till yesterday was the CIA director
than yesterday confirmed to the
Secretary of State hopped on a plane at
Andrews Air Force Base now in Brussels
but he got to a Senate vote with seven
votes to spare this was supposed to be
very tight and we're told that they ran
it just like a political campaign so
we've got a war room that was watching
the cable coverage the president always
says a lot of people watch on mute so
they were calling up in real time to
dispute those lower thirds those
Chiron's when they wanted to pressure a
red state senator they would call up the
home state reporters make sure they had
cameras outside the office for pompeius
courtesy visits to make sure that he
would get covered and they had Mike
Pompeo going door-to-door in the Senate
office buildings talking to the Senators
about clandestine operations around the
world
feeding their interest in curiosity
about all the things you know about when
you're the CIA director and Mike the
spread was a little larger than some
people thought it might be but in recent
history this was unusual you look at the
vote for Hillary Clinton and John Kerry
they both got 94 votes even Condoleezza
Rice before that got 80 some votes these
spreads usually much larger but in the
age of Trump Tillerson and Pompeyo both
with slim margins there the Senate yeah
that's right they needed 54 Mike Pence
to come in and save the day while they
wound up with 57 including 7 Democrat
it's smaller than ever and it shows as
we've seen with the Russia probe that
just in the time we've been covering
Washington national security had been
walled off now it's just part of the
political football like everything else
all right Mike Allen with axes can we
get one before we let you go it is
Friday and today it's happy historic
Friday Wow okay my guess is a brand I
would just stay with the straight happy
Friday I don't think they had another
adjective in it you own it you own happy
Friday and I don't think you want to
trivial I can do whatever he wants I
would say Donny knows something about
branding he does that's the one thing
you go sorry Mike Alan thank you very
much like thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
