kill me memos Trump said that during the
Miss Universe pageant he did this the
first time he said this he said it this
morning on Fox & Friends
he did stay overnight in Moscow I never
told Comey otherwise for instance I went
to Russia for a day or so a day or two
because I own the Miss Universe pageant
so I went there to watch it because it
was near Moscow so I go to Russia no I
didn't go there everybody knows the logs
are there the planes are there that he
said I I didn't stay there night of
course I stayed there I stayed there
very short period of time but of course
I stayed well his memo said I left
immediately about I never said that
I never said I left immediately well
James coming when he was FBI director
and FBI director under Trump he said in
his memos that on two occasions the
president personally told him that he
hadn't stayed overnight in Russia during
the Miss Universe trip
Trump's apparent change of tune this
morning comes after overwhelming
documentary evidence eyewitness accounts
and even flight records have emerged in
the last week that show the Trump did in
fact stay overnight in Moscow come we
also stands by his recollection of those
conversations with the president says
that Trump's lie shows consciousness of
guilt here he goes Comey you think it's
significant that the president lied to
you twice about that it's always
significant when someone lies to you
especially about something you're not
asking about it tends to reflect a
consciousness of guilt as we would say
in law enforcement so president Trump
did that a lot of times with you brought
up stuff that you haven't asked about it
correct choices fascinating we've got
our sound with you now I've been waiting
to ask you about the law here Trump is
out there now saying that he did stay
overnight after letting it sit out there
for a week that he his claim he hadn't
that of course is sort of like trying to
set up an alibi I was in the plane or as
back home I couldn't have been there
during that event
he's got alleged to have been witness to
in the in the dossier the two
prostitutes now the question then is
what's this tell us that Natalie's
coming out and say yeah okay is he
trying to avoid a perjury situation here
you know he volunteered information to
Comey it turns out it's not true and so
he's backed up his story and said no I
never told Comey that I didn't spend the
night there and Chris
this is why prosecutors love
contemporaneous notes so much because
Jim Comey when he wrote his notes down
hadn't yet been fired no special counsel
had been appointed and he had no way of
knowing what might be of interest a year
down the road so prosecutors will look
at commis notes with that very
deliberate point-of-view that he had no
reason to make anything up back then as
opposed to the president's new
revisionist history version of those
conversations well let's get over that
again I want to run that with all three
you know who aired the show because I
don't see any sense in him trying to
plaster up this ridiculous alibi that he
was on the plane back he wasn't even
there he couldn't have been in front of
those two precedents in that hotel room
he couldn't have happened at the Ritz
Carlton Carlton over there in Moscow
none of it could happen because I wasn't
there and now it's clear he was there
the night before for sure and my
question is why would he say that
knowing all this could be verified tom
Roberts interviewed him I talked to
verified his position of the day before
he interviewed him so he was there at
least one overnight and could have been
a witness that says this kind of thing
at least in terms of opportunity whether
he did it or not why would he lie
so what Comey was saying in that moment
was that he was concerned that the first
lady might find out that he had been
engaged in some kind of activities with
these prostitutes and he didn't want her
to know but it's very clear that he's
not as interested now in protecting his
fidelity in front of the first lady
given everything that's happened with
stormy down okay but why would he lie to
the FBI director who clearly has access
to information I mean he just can't help
himself right he needs to be telling his
narrative that makes him look like the
good guy at any given time and then he
changes his story later when it turns
out that that wasn't the right thing you
know people in history of going down
Alger Hiss they couldn't prove he was
despite necessarily in those days but
they did later but he really went down
and went to prison for five years
because he lied because he said he
didn't know Whittaker Chambers I mean
here's the guy saying something that
just isn't true now he's not going to
get down for what he said to Comey and
it White House conversation but I think
he was afraid wasn't he Ken oh yeah he
would have to back that up in a later
hearing a so-called conversation with
mowers people in which if he backed it
up again he would have perjured himself
yeah I mean it is important to point out
that context that this was not you know
this will probably be
considered hearsay in the context of
this investigation it was an informal
conversation but it does get I think to
what Comey was saying as to motive and
intent and certainly it's not exactly
news that Trump has been known to change
his story particularly on insensitive
things like this but the point here is
that Comey has so sorry Muller has so
much so much proof and so much evidence
from so many different people that
whatever Comey said in this memo is
probably a very tiny part of this
investigation if really part of it at
all on this point because the salacious
aspect of this thing choice everybody
who's followed this case has heard about
the so-called golden shower the whole
thing they've all heard the grossest
about it and a lot of people who don't
like Trump generally think he's probably
guilty a lot of people are skeptical
that he even as a private citizen would
engage in something like that which
everybody knows over in Russia is
televised and used against if you're a
traveling US businessman so what's this
consciousness of guilt thing how do you
think about that when Comey said today
in an interview with Anderson Cooper the
consciousness of guilt is established
when you start denying things you aren't
accused of I think it would be a mistake
to read too much into that and to make
the assumption that Jim Comey was saying
that the salacious incident in Russia
actually took place we know that this
Steele dossier was based on raw data raw
intelligence even Steele indicated some
of it was correct likely some of it was
was just information that he had
recorded that was inaccurate but it does
seem to show that overall the president
is sensitive on these subjects that he's
concerned about the investigation
looking into his relationship with
Russians and it's very true that Muller
has a lot more information than has come
into the public domain
likely knows exactly where those
pressure points are and that's frankly
what we can expect from the next part of
this investigation
but Chris on this right we have to
remember why this information was in the
dossier to begin with because it was so
salacious people believed it was
compromised it was compromising
information that the Russians might have
over the president and in a
counterintelligence sense that is a very
big national security threat that
could use that information to get that
get him to do what they want for fear
that it would be revealed and also so
many people know about the Russian mo
when it comes to traveling u.s. famous
person ages or lesser men in fact anyway
me cay√≥ yang thank you ken iboga land
Thank You Joyce man hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
