here's my question I ask it everyday
what exactly is the party's message a
growing number of Democrats say it
should not be impeaching President Trump
something former Senate Majority Leader
Harry Reid is stressing listen I've been
through an impeachment and they're not
pleasant and I think the less we talk
about impeachment the better off we are
as a country there's also this morning
from current Chicago mayor and former
White House chief of staff for Obama
Rahm Emanuel telling Axios that
impeachment should not be a political
tool joining me now Democratic senator
Brian Schatz of Hawaii senator to those
points I completely understand
the impeachment argument I understand
the point Democrats are making day in
and day out about the president's
conduct but the American people want
their lives better is it a mistake for
Democrats to continue to push on how
morally reprehensible and unfit the
president is people voted for him in
spite of lack of morals well I think
what we have to focus on when it comes
to this is the rule of law and the
operation of law and I think when it
comes to the question of impeachment
that is a solemn question that is a
serious question and it's a question of
law and of politics so from my
standpoint sitting in the United States
Senate if there ever were to be an
impeachment the United States Senate
Senators individually would be serving
as jurors and and therefore I think it
is extremely unwise and unjust to start
talking about that in advance of any
process but I do think it's important
that we're the party of the rule of law
and insist on the operation of law and
insist that the mulher investigation
allow is allowed to complete itself that
doesn't mean that that's what goes into
our campaign commercials but I think we
can walk and chew gum at the same time
which is to talk about middle-class
economics talk about what a an awful
bill this tax bill was talk about a
health care and college affordability
what are those platforms because I feel
like when I hear from Democrats on a
regular basis they're just going after
Trump and I get that there's a lot to go
after but if you want people to vote for
you
you have to deliver them a better
America and what are you offering right
I think it's a very good question
Stephanie and hey let me just give you a
couple of things we have a very serious
proposal for college affordability you
know in the last election there was a
lot of conversation about college
affordability but the proposals were
thin we now have more than a dozen
senators on a real proposal which will
reverse the state disinvestment in
higher education that's number one
secondly not only are we going to
preserve the affordable care act which
is now more popular than ever but we're
looking at expanding coverage through
something called the Medicaid public
option Act Medicare for all there are a
lot of good proposals out there I think
one of the problems that the Republicans
made in the last election is they
weren't ready to govern and so part of
what we have to do is the hard work of
being prepared when the gavels get given
to us that we have a real legislative
program to start to implement I think
people agree with us generally but they
don't believe that we mean it and one of
the things that I'm working on is making
sure that we flesh out our legislative
program so that after the election we're
ready to roll what does us mean because
you run the risk if you push far to the
left that you're going to lose the
middle and in the middle you have a lot
of centrists who may be traditionally
voted Republican who are disenfranchised
who don't want to support President
Trump but those people in the middle who
don't want to support President Trump
don't want to support people on the far
left they're capitalists well they
believe in the American Dream and they
want to be rich I'm not saying yeah and
so do i and I think a lot of
progressives are also totally supportive
of of market capitalism but they
understand the need for regulation they
understand the need to protect the
little guy they understand that the way
market capitalism is working right now
is to suck wealth up and not to
encourage entrepreneurship not to help
people to pursue the American dream so
one of the things that I've noticed is
that when people are looking for
centrists they're actually more
concerned about tone than about policy a
lot of progressive policies are
extremely popular but if you ask people
whether they're come
durable with certain political views
they think they're not progressives
because what they don't like is the
yelling what they don't like is the
shouting what they don't like is the
constant accusations but if you look at
Connor Lam if you look at Ralph Northam
if you look at the 40 legislative seats
at the local level that were flipped
over the last two years a lot of them
ran on a progressive platform but dis
positionally a little bit more down the
middle then why do you think business
sentiment small and large and I need
small business people around the country
why do you think small business
sentiment is up under President Trump
when if you actually look at his
policies he's not necessarily gonna help
those people but they feel like he is
why is that well I think part of it is
that the economy overall is improving
and you know it's been improving for a
number of years the stock market
continues to improve but a lot of people
are struggling and one of the things
that I think the Democrats need to do a
better job of it is describe why for
instance ACA actually helps small
business people to move from one
entrepreneurial endeavor to the next why
our college affordability plan is the
ladder up to pursue the American dream
why it makes no sense to undermine net
neutrality why killing marijuana
businesses across the country is anti
business so I think we have a good
business platform but Stephanie I think
you're right we sometimes do don't do a
good job of framing what we're talking
about as embracing the American Dream
you need to sell it harder I think back
to TPP and President Obama while made
put together an extraordinary program
didn't sell it so you got to get those
sales skills on fire I want to ask you
though cuz President Trump this morning
on Fox he talked about Mike Pompeo he's
set to be confirmed as Secretary of
State they talked about his recent
meeting with North Korea's Kim jong-un
please listen this is a much more
dangerous ballgame now but I will tell
you it's going very well Mike Pompeo
did go there he wasn't supposed to meet
with Kim Jong wrong but he did he you
know they arranged actually while he was
there to say hello we have incredible
pictures of the two talking and meeting
which I'd love to release it
I'll do that actually it's just a hello
mr. president no it's more than although
they got along they were with each other
for you know more than an hour
what's your take on that talking is good
talking is always better than preparing
for war listen I was very very concerned
when I heard that HR McMaster and others
were preparing various war plans for the
Korean Peninsula there is no scenario
where this solution to the problem of a
nuclear North Korea is the United States
military we would have to invade the
Korean Peninsula and occupy North Korea
that makes no sense it would cost
hundreds of thousands of lives so I am
pleased that they are pursuing diplomacy
do I have critiques about the way
they're pursuing diplomacy sure I do I
think it's kind of weird too to start
with the presidential meeting rather
than to end with it and I think that one
of the problems with the State
Department is that it really has been
eviscerated and only just a couple of
days ago it sounds like we're gonna get
an ambassador to South Korea but the
bottom line is this is all much better
than where we thought we were two months
ago there you go progress senator thanks
so much I appreciate you joining me hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
