do you want to hear what the president
says why not all right there we go take
a listen how much of your legal work was
handled by Michael Kohn well as a
percentage of my overall legal work a
tiny tiny little fraction but Michael
would represent me and represent me on
some things he represents me like with
this crazy stormy Daniels deal he
represented me and you know from what I
see he did absolutely nothing wrong
there were no campaign funds going and
why is he pleading would have been a
problem because he's got other things
he's got businesses and from what I
understand they're looking at his
businesses and I hope he's in great
shape but he's got businesses and his
lawyers probably told him to do that but
I'm not involved and I'm not involved
and I've been told I'm not involved
you brought up a great yeah the
president Madison just stopped admitted
something he always just said he just
said he represented me in the crazy
stormy Daniels voice yeah playing again
let's play the admission against
interest go how much of your legal work
was handled by Michael Kohn well as a
percentage of my overall legal work a
tiny tiny little fraction but Michael
would represent me and represent me on
some things he represents me like with
this crazy stormy Daniels deal he
represented me and you know from what I
see he did absolutely nothing wrong
there were no campaign so the president
just said that Michael Cohen represented
him on the stormy Daniels case another
gift from the heavens in this case they
keep coming I don't know I don't know
how I've how I've fallen into such good
luck in this case but I'm gonna take it
Joe I mean that's a very glitzy impact
of that that's a huge hugely damaging
admission by the president because
according to what he said on Air Force
One a few weeks ago he didn't know
anything about the agreement he didn't
know anything about the payment Michael
Cohen went off and did this on a lark
and and mr. Trump knew nothing about it
we now find out that that's bogus that
was a lie on Air Force One because he's
now just admitted and he tripped himself
up he's just admitted that in fact
Michael
and represented him in connection with
the stormy Daniel situation when the
president contradicts himself as
blatantly as that in the media on Air
Force One how does it affect your case I
mean he's not under oath I mean yes it's
embarrassing for him then we're sitting
here and pointing it out but I mean what
does that mean what does this mean in
terms of what you're trying to do well
it's called a party admission so when
you're a party to a lawsuit it doesn't
matter whether you're under oath or not
if you make a statement whether it be to
your to a family member or a neighbor or
someone you meet on the street whether
it's recorded or not it's called a party
admission the thing is normally it's
difficult to prove those party
admissions because you don't have video
or audio tape in this case we have video
and audio tape of the president making
these damaging admissions which makes
them even more powerful I want to hear
the same thing again can you guys if you
guys can cue the tape this really is
Willie such as helpful who knew that we
that we would be so happy on about Fox &
Friends
well we're always happy there we're
always happy wonderful people will like
them all especially when they can get
the President to his great work on their
part as significant as this go ahead how
much of your legal work was handled by
Michael Kohn well as a percentage of my
overall legal work a tiny tiny little
fraction but Michael would represent me
and represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
all right so does that Michael does that
put attorney-client privilege back in
play though in this case because now
he's saying he did represent me as my
attorney well I you know it may I mean
they can't figure out whether one minute
he's representing them the next minute
he's not represented but I mean that
this is a very damaging admission it
blows it blows the entire argument that
we've heard for weeks out of the water
and you know I just want to send a shout
out to Fox and Friends thank you
appreciate what so what's the first step
you've heard this like how does this now
impact you in court
what do you now do after hearing this
well we're gonna utilize this statement
on Fox & Friends in connection with our
case there's no question about it and
ultimately the Southern District of New
York US Attorney's Office may also use
it do you think somehow you get a video
this somewhere I think there yeah I
think it maybe I think I think the judge
in the case probably he's already seen
it Donald Trump also went after his own
Justice Department and the Russian probe
let's play clip of that I will not be
involved with the Justice Department I
will wait till this is over it's a total
it's all lies and it's a horrible thing
that's going on a horrible thing and yet
I've accomplished with all of this going
on more than any president in the first
year in our history and everybody even
the enemies and the haters admit that we
have accomplished more than any
president in the first year by far if
you look at regulations and the big tax
cuts and judge judge gore says so many
things and many other judges but the big
thing to tax cuts the regulations
nobody's done what we've done what I've
done despite what's going on so I'm very
disappointed in my Justice Department
but because of the fact that it's going
on and I think you'll understand this I
have decided that I won't be involved I
may change my mind at some point because
what's going on is a disgrace it's an
absolute disgrace David Ignatius the
president seems to be a bit charged up
this morning he I think he just said
another startling thing if I understand
that remark he was saying that the
negotiations that Rudy Giuliani
supposedly this week was making for a
presidential interview by robert muller
the president is not prepared to do I
thought that's that's what he was saying
I'm not going to talk to Muller about
this investigation until it's over they
also seem to be saying though David that
he was not going they quote get involved
with the Justice Department it sounded
like at least at this point he was going
to allow the investigation while there's
investigation to run its course and
again that may be because of what we've
been hearing from the inside which is
that Donald Trump and his staff is far
more concerned with what's happening in
the Southern District of New York and
what's happening in Washington with
Robert Muller's investigation it it may
well be if you try
put the two things we just turned
together it's possible that he's
recognizing that that Michael Cohen
represented him
so as to reestablish this idea that that
the communications are privileged
because the communications are so
sensitive and that that's his focus more
than Muller but yeah we're just getting
these sound bites from the president try
to make sense of them but if it's true
that the negotiations over his testimony
tomorrow are over
that's really interesting remember
there's been some question in the last
few days on an entirely different
subject over whether in 2013 during the
Miss Universe pageant President Trump
actually spent the night in Moscow he
said no he came to the hotel room change
his clothes took a shower but didn't
spend the night he was asked about it
this morning
well call me what he did Brian was
terrible he leaked classified
information in order to try and get a
special counsel he says it wasn't
classified mr. president he says it
wasn't classified
oh it's well it's totally classified
that he also leaked her memos which are
classified nobody unclassified them and
those memos were about me and their
phony memos he didn't write those memos
accurately he put a lot of phony stuff
for instance I went to Russia for a day
or so a day or two because I owned the
Miss Universe pageant so I went there to
watch it because it was near Moscow so I
go to Russia no I didn't go there
everybody knows the logs are there the
planes are there that he said I I didn't
stay there at night of course I stayed
there I stayed there very short period
of time but of course I stayed well his
memo said I left immediately no mark
Leibovich
everything I'm sorry I don't want to
ruin no the last Jedi
no please ruin it but I've just got to
say you can get Mark Hamill looking at
kylo Ren at the end of the movie and
like put it right here we said
everything you just said was wrong
everything done they look very uncle
just said there was wrong he claimed he
didn't spend the night it wasn't Comey
it was claiming he didn't spend the
night Comey said he seemed guilty
because he kept saying over and over
again that he didn't spend them reports
he spent the
yes there are reports that he spent them
I didn't sleep maybe technically alright
no but there's a reality distortion
field I mean first of all I mean you're
I flip we've just seen clips from this I
can watch the show I was from here yeah
but it's just dizzying because I'm
trying to process the the stormy
statement the Justice Department's
statement I mean I sort of makes me
nostalgic for when he did interviews
every day the President or does is
unhinged you can hear it he's unhinged
and he keeps contradicting himself he's
talking about documents being classified
that nobody said were classified at the
time that call me let him out nobody
it's it's it's wonderful but can you
imagine that nobody is there grabbing
the phone from the privacy I don't want
anyone grabbing the phone from him I
want him to appear every morning on Fox
and Friends please mr. president if
you're watching please keep appearing to
your case that helps you well I mean he
now his backtracked and now admits that
in fact Michael Cohen represented him in
connection with the stormy Daniels issue
matter and and that directly contradicts
what he's already said and it shows that
he had contemporaries contemporaneous
knowledge of of what happened but I want
to go back to something he also said he
has accomplished at least in one respect
something that no other president in the
history of our nation has ever
accomplished and that is having their
personal attorney of the last 10 to 12
years plead the fifth amendment well
David Ignatius if you if you listen to
to this crazy interview Donald Trump has
contradicted himself time and time again
and we could talk about the Moscow trip
we could talk about the stormy case
how does he how did maybe he's just
missing McCrone they seem very close and
now he's gone and but Donald Trump
really does seem a bit unhinged this
morning well he he believes we've seen
this now for a year
that this shoot from the hip
unpredictable disruptive style say what
you want
he believes that it works for him and
one of the things that McCrone talked to
Maya this little group be met with last
night about is that trumps convinced
that this works and McCrone described
trying to argue no it doesn't you have
to be careful yet be careful how you use
power but he you know he thinks he can
get on the phone and that that has
tremendous benefits for him and we just
saw an instance of this this morning
three separate instances in which I
think are gonna cause him trouble or
raise questions we'll all be talking and
reporting about but I'll but she he
doesn't think it think that way no
bringing this back to his legal issues
what we just saw right here this
interview this was a stream of
conscience you know sort of very intense
revved up president this is exactly why
his lawyers don't want him sitting down
with Robert mothers team because they
were afraid of what he will say when he
gets in that room we saw he's contracted
himself multiple times in just a few
segments than we've seen this morning
imagine what he would do at an
hours-long deposition he also by the way
just lamented that Ronnie Jackson had to
withdraw his nomination and said he
blamed it on the Democrats and said John
tester senator Jon Tester
should have a price to pay was there
ever used George thanks for checking out
MSNBC on youtube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
