which is dated today April 25th and
which just crossed the wires is written
from president Trump's attorney to judge
would who will be overseeing a very
high-stakes hearing tomorrow in New York
about all those very sensitive materials
that were seized by the FBI in the raid
of Michael Cohen's office of his hotel
room and of his home as well as the
seizure of his phones and this is
something that I don't think has ever
been said before at least not to my
knowledge on the news the president
United States is offering to make
himself personally available for any
review or screening of the evidence that
the FBI seized of his lawyer
it's an unusual offer to say the least
and with that let me get right to a well
assembled panel Senator Richard
Blumenthal
is of course the former prosecutor a
member of the Judiciary Committee former
senator byron Dorgan who has experienced
many of these issues when you look at
the investigations of a president and
Eugene Robinson Pulitzer prize-winning
columnist from the Washington Post which
as I mentioned has broken some of these
stories your colleagues have I'm gonna
go down the line dealer's choice on
which aspects of this you want to speak
to and Senator your view of what appear
to be a lot of developments on the Trump
side of the ledger in this investigation
right now tonight
well this Washington Post report
assuming it's true is extraordinary
because it shows that the president is
becoming even more entangled and
embroiled in the Cohn aspect of this
investigation it has been thought that
it was separate but obviously the
president been deeply concerned and
fearful about it and now apparently he's
taking steps to involve himself
personally and possibly waiving any
claim of attorney-client privilege that
you might have here and you just made an
important observation that I'd like you
to expound upon this matter regarding
Michael Cohen was referred by Bob Muller
to New York because it was separate and
jurisdictionally distinct from the open
Russia probe what you're saying is this
letter again I got a lot of stuff here
but we'll go through it this new letter
here to judge would that's breaking
tonight is Donald Trump pushing these
issues together of muddying them
together because it suggests that he
thinks he has a personal stake or
exposure in the Kohen investigation is
that right
his motives are difficult to discern and
the legal advice he's getting here is
even more obscure but by involving
himself personally directly hands-on he
is embarking on a course that certainly
is fraught with danger but it reflects a
mentality on his part apparently that he
and Kohn are joined at the hip legally
and possibly practically in terms of
where this investigation is going
and Senator Dorgan as you know the Cowan
investigation is being headed up by the
top federal prosecutor in New York and
the Southern District that's a job that
is pretty big in legal circles it's a
job that James Comey held the Preet
Bharara held and that Rudy Giuliani held
reading from The Washington Post
tonight here Robert Kosta and Carol
lending story they cite three sources to
say that Giuliani as a new personal
lawyer on behalf of the president has
met with special counsel Bob Muller not
his aides but met with Bob Muller this
was as recently as Tuesday to reopen
quote negotiations for presidential
interview according to three people
why would Rudy in your view be reopening
that negotiation I don't know I doubt
that the president is ever going to be
interviewed honestly and I think that
mr. Cohen is the holder of the secrets
you know it's self-described both he
believes that and says that publicly and
I think the president's actions
underscore that the President believes
that Trump or that mr. Cohen is the
holder of the secrets here so we'll see
this reminds me of one of those the maze
in a cornfield you know Thanksgiving you
it's easy to get into but you can't find
your way out that's the case for the
president's very hard to find his way
out of this because there are so many
different features do it gene robinson
classic cornfield made situation yeah
well first of all do we know which of
the president's lawyer sent that letter
well is it yes well Anna Hendon
Christopher guisard and Reid Keefe this
is the counsel from lesser known law
firms Spears and Imus so this is the
president's personal representation but
not not the federal folks who are so I
don't know what if anything is to be
made of that
since it's being handled by them maybe
that's an indication that he too sees
the Cohen investigation as touching on
different matters other than the Russia
investigation and those different
matters are matters in which Donald
Trump believes he has a stake such as
what was the Trump Organization up to
all those years before he ran for
president before he became president
right and what does Donald Trump know
about that that makes him really
intervene personally I would note that
this is because you're making an
important nuance distinction this is
some of his attorneys on other matters
than the criminal defense team right
when in the NDA litigation with women
that the president has sought to
allegedly silence there were questions
about his time and availability he said
he's not available for depositions he's
not you know gonna be personally
involved this obviously a very different
stance your panel stays with me Seth
Waxman a former federal prosecutor I
believe we've just added to the
conversation what does this mean to you
well I think that the the clearly these
can be conflating these issues I mean
you have the president United States
who's now going to need to take time to
answer questions with his lawyer and
decide whether this material is
privileged so as we all may know the the
privilege belongs to the client not the
attorney so if there are emails in there
for example with mr. Trump sending mr.
Cohen to Russia to open a Trump Tower in
Moscow on the face of that that doesn't
seem to be privileged that sounds like a
business transaction so mr. Trump's
gonna need to explain to his lawyers how
that could be seeking legal advice
because of it's not it's not privileged
let me read a little more for Seth from
the letter and then go back around the
horn again this is brand-new set the the
firm here and again they're speaking on
behalf of the President here tonight
says our own associates are
well-qualified they hail from the
country's best law schools they've
worked directly with partners at our
firm on confidential government
investigations civil litigation or both
a reference to their ability to go
through this material they want before
the feds have it with regard to the
attorney-client privilege that the
President may have and then they say our
client that's Donald Trump will make
himself available as needed to aid in
our privileged review on his behalf what
does that even mean Seth would that be
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen and these
other lawyers sitting around in New York
looking at old email
well I think practically speaking what
you'd have is these associates and and
more junior attorneys doing the initial
scrub kind of getting rid of the the
chafe and all the emails that are
non-controversial and when you get down
to the ones that you know are damaging
or you know have some questions that's
to the privileged someone's going to
need to compile what we would call an R
in our world key documents walk them
over to the president and and present
them to them and walk through how these
documents are privileged or not
privileged and if there's evidence of a
crime in some of those but I don't want
to put too fine a point on it my friend
but I'm not sure that in this instance
the client would be the final word on
the legal privilege well he clearly
would not ultimately that be up to the
Special Master and the judge but his
lawyers are gonna need to put a
colorable claim in front of that Special
Master and ultimately maybe the judge or
or it's for naught and the only person
that can really tell his lawyers you
know what was the intent behind these
emails right was the legal purpose of
these emails or the best person they'll
say is the president in your view is
this weird it is weird
it is definitely weird I mean I've done
this with CEOs and I will tell you there
is nothing worse than a lawyer having to
get the time of a fortune 500 CEO and
say you know mr. Johnson or mrs. Johnson
I want to sit down with you and start
going through hundreds of documents
their eyes glaze over and they've got
more important things to do I can only
imagine the more important things that
the President of the United States needs
to do but obviously he's injecting
himself because there's something very
important to him in this process
something important him let me go back
down the line starting with Gene
Robinson this also goes to the case that
the feds are making against Michael
Cohen which of course is always a little
awkward because they are federal
prosecutors from the Trump Justice
Department but if they do that job well
they do that regardless without fear of
favor their point which goes to why they
don't think there's a lot of privilege
here whether whether mr. Trump Donald
Trump President Trump wants to review
this material or not is that they say
Michael Cohen doesn't do a lot of lawyer
well exactly from from all the reporting
that I've seen what Michael Cohen did
for Donald Trump was basically two
things he was at the Omega and he was a
fixer
but in terms of you know representing
him in court giving him legal advice as
opposed to advice on a deal or advice on
a on solving a problem like stormy
Daniels you know which I guess I aspects
of that maybe could be privileged I
don't know you're the lawyer but but he
wasn't a you know a lawyer all the time
he was dealing with Donald Trump he was
he was in the aid in re because of the
role that that Cohen played in Donald
Trump's life for a long long time I
think everybody understands there's
potential jeopardy here and I my guess
is that the Trump Organization the
lawyers and others will fight this and
battle this on and on as long as they
can there's potential jeopardy for the
president and I think they know it this
kind of action creates a maze but even
more it's legal quicksand for the
president because coming back to the
point where we began the Southern
District of New York has rated Michael
Cohen's office for money laundering
potential bank fraud really serious
stuff supposedly not involving the
president now the president is injecting
himself into this case because he fears
he may be involved in it it's legal
quicksand for him and my legal advice is
worth what he's paying for it but this
kind of involvement although perhaps
typical of his hands-on attitude toward
this stuff really joins him with Michael
Cohn in what has been a separate legal
action but it also indicates maybe he
has some exposure and it also
potentially makes him a witness in any
proceeding involving attorney-client
privilege because once he's reviewed
these documents and once his lawyers are
quoting him he stands to be called as
witness right now the flip side gene
robinson if you talk to people who are
the most sympathetic to the president's
legal case would be the argument that
this is the sitting president and people
around him should not be pursued on any
pretextual basis just to get stuff on
him and so you could imagine if you want
to imagine a different president and a
different privilege imagine a doctor
you say the doctors up for some maybe
real crime but does that mean that they
can go through the president's medical
files willy-nilly before someone else
gets involved and you certainly could
make that argument but you could also
you also make the argument that federal
prosecutors cannot look away if they've
seen potential criminal activity by
somebody who has been very close to the
president like Michael Cohen and indeed
the prosecutors in Southern District of
New York are not going to look away and
Robert MO is not going to let me let me
just make the point the entire referral
to New York was based on the belief that
there probably was a crime committed
crimes well that's the basis of the
referral the warrant is based on a
finding that there was a crime there has
to be a crime committed and then that
evidence is not only there in Cohen's
office and home and hotel room but that
is potentially in danger of destruction
or other kinds of obstruction right and
that in that an independent judge
reached the determination you just
mentioned knowing this is a sitting
president's lawyer hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
