we are back on the beat with breaking
news tonight Michael Cohen the
president's lawyer pleading the fifth
for the first time in sworn testimony in
the stormy Daniels case as well as Rudy
Giuliani reportedly meeting with Bob
Miller personally this week to discuss
reopening negotiations for a
presidential interview between Muller's
team and Donald Trump a high-stakes
gambit from the new member of Donald
Trump's criminal defense team let's turn
immediately here in Washington to Donna
Brazile hello there hello nice to see
you you are someone who figures into all
this because your name arose in the 2016
matters that are under criminal
investigation you also are an
experienced Washington hand what does it
say to you that Rudy Giuliani is trying
to take this tack and that Michael Cohen
at the same time is pleading the fifth
well there's no question I think that
the Trump team is in a panic mode they
are reaching out now the to try to you
know get this investigation to - in the
cloud is it's not just over them but the
cloud is now I believe hurting their
ability to get out their message every
day and you see what Rudy Giuliani
trying to you know wrap this up you say
he could wrap it up in two weeks I mean
really and now you know mr. Trump's
personal attorney pleading the fifth
this is not gonna wrap it up the cloud
is not going to to move away I do
believe much more it's going to come
what is your evidence of panic panic by
reaching out to - Rudy Giuliani not a
more experienced lawyer in terms of
handling matters like this and also I
think the you know mr. Trump said in the
past he said why I plead the fifth if
you're innocent hmm I mean I don't I
don't get why Michael Coren is now
pleading the fifth let me read that
quote myself as an attorney I'll know
people have all kinds of rights and I
don't prejudge their invocation of those
rights but that's just me you're
referring to the president's standard
and whether his lawyer is following the
president's standards he said quote the
mob takes the Fifth Amendment if you're
innocent why are you taking the Fifth
Amendment and he added when you have
your staff taking the Fifth Amendment I
think it's disgraceful MSNBC Steve
Benton flagging that 2016 quote from
Trump
because I remember how Donald Trump went
after not just Hillary Clinton but he
went after Democrats he went out the
ordinary people and so for his personal
lawyer in a case that I think has great
huge ramifications for the overall
situation that he's facing to take the
fifth
doesn't seem to be a good strategy I'm
gonna push you on something you worked
with the Clintons Donald Trump trying to
avoid this interview mm-hmm
Bill Clinton as you recall spent quite a
bit of time fighting off whether he
would ever do an interview with then
independent counsel Ken Starr is it
within a sitting president's rights to
fight and potentially withhold their
interview you know this is a different
situation as you you recall what
happened back in the 1990s with Bill
Clinton I was on actually on Capitol
Hill at the time but the President did
go forward and do the interview I
understand and I'm not a lawyer like you
I understand lawyers just saying you
don't you don't walk into a room because
this is a trap and you don't know what
can happen but the director is trying to
get at the heart of what happened in
2016 and as well as the so called
obstruction issues I think the president
oh it to the American people to sit down
and say look here's what I know I had no
idea that mana fork was having these
backroom conversations on my son went
into these meetings other officials of
identify with my campaign why not just
come forward so that we can get to the
bottom of what happened in 2016 now let
me make an observation about you that
some of our viewers may not know okay
you're not only persuasive Donna I have
seen you be persuasive with people with
whom you disagree well with
conservatives with Republicans up in
Harvard take us inside the process of
Rudy Giuliani doing what political
people do trying to persuade Donald
Trump actually I just met with Muller
this week all brand-new and it's in our
interest if we want to wrap it up
quickly the fastest thing we could do is
sit and do this interview do you think
with your knowledge of these players
that Rudy has any hope of moving
persuading truck you know I think Donald
Trump believes in his own ability he
believes in himself and so I'm sure he's
the one
in a room I can take care of this I can
solve this because remember this is a
guy who's not lacking in confidence on
the other hand you need some legal
ability or some legal advice as to
whether or not the president might be
walking into what some of his friends
and colleagues are saying a trap I don't
really know because I don't know what
the president is Rudi appeal to his
confidence and say you got this I think
Rudi appeals to to the law and said mr.
president you have something to give to
this this this investigation go forward
but if not let's just let this
investigation wrap up without you now I
want to turn to the reason we did invite
you on the show tonight we've had so
much breaking news when when there was
the Watergate break-in yes the
Democratic Party responded with a
lawsuit against the alleged perpetrator
that's correct this party of which you
have been a leader in many forms is now
doing that and it's easy to forget
because so much is going on right those
moments at the very pivotal period in
the convention when these emails were
weaponized and they may have exposed as
we pointed out on air important things
but they were also weaponized for a very
clear espionage purpose let's look back
at when you were actually the person
brought in because the other chair was
ousted partly over outrage over these
emails
commit to all Americans that we will
have a party that you can be proud of
that phone call went to you they needed
you what do you know now you didn't know
then and why do you believe this lawsuit
is important you know at the end of the
2016 campaign I was quite worried that
nobody not the media not our public
officials would address what had
happened to the DNC and of course others
we put together a very concrete timeline
of the incident we gave it to certain
members of the media but we also went to
outside counsel to seek their advice
before leaving the DNC I had an outside
law firm draft up a complaint but we
didn't have enough information we now
know that was bad this complaint in your
view started all the way back when back
in the and soon after the election and
in January February of 2000 what was
just filed originated then it no this is
a separate complaint because this
complaint is a different law firm I
think the DNC has done a terrific job
and not just outline the egregious
offence that took place but we now have
more information as a result of the
investigation of the various individuals
involved from the Trump campaign and
others who could perhaps colluded a
conspired with Russia using that and
using the case to weaponize we want we
want this to come to justice to prevent
prevent this from happening again this
election cycle
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
