let me ask you you have been the point
person for these allegations some of
these are so troubling it's no longer a
question of whether he's qualified to be
a VA secretary these are questions are
going to be about whether he still has a
medical license if these allegations are
true about opioids writing his own
prescriptions
how are you verifying all of these
allegations well the fact is is that
we've we got starting about a week ago
Chuck we've got claims accusations that
were made and we're following up talking
to some 23 different people and there's
more that come forth every day about
some of the challenges that Admiral
Jackson had as chief of the white house
medical unit and when we're following up
with them the reason that document was
released is I talked to chairman
Isaacson staff this morning my staff did
and gave him a document that was pretty
well scrubbed because we don't want to
give away the allegations these are
active service member or retired service
members and they're very concerned about
the ability to maintain their may their
ability to work in the White House
medical units so once we gave it to them
then we gave it to other people and look
you guys need to have it - well III
guess that's my question
are you comfortable that all of these
allegations are true enough that they
belong in the public arena yet or do you
think some of these need to be run down
and investigated before and corroborated
before you release it to the public
well the question is how do you
corroborate it is it only corroborated
with people coming out and saying yep
I'm the one that reported this I saw it
I think what we've seen is a pattern of
problems that people deserve to know I
know a lot of folks have said mainly
from the White House is you know we
shouldn't be doing this look it would be
senatorial malpractice for not for us
not to follow up on this issue and find
out what kind of a person Ronnie Jackson
is and you know Chuck I've never done
this before I don't know I just want to
get the best person to run the VA it's
possible because our veterans deserve
that and if a guy comes in the VA
secretary position with a bunch of
baggage
it's gonna limit his ability to do the
job it's necessary to make the video
that can be first our retired service
members
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
