joining me now is Charlie cook come on
are we love putting together Trump
montages as you know so I know
everybody's enjoying this join me
Louisiana what what's wrong with the
swamp you know exactly a I'm from I'm
from Miami I didn't mind the Everglades
anyway Charlie your editor and publisher
cook Political Report we all know that I
start with this and I put these two
together today Charlie because it seems
when you look at three of them more
famous frankly in sort of our lifetimes
the three of the bigger waves seventy
four ninety four and oh six all three
had a riff had this sort of we got a
clean up Washington backdrop obviously
at the Watergate election of 74 94 you
had the banking scandal the
congressional scandals of 92 plus term
limits and all of that
oh six you had a whole mess of ethics
issues and yes you had other issues Iraq
and health care would be there but it
feels like Mulvaney may have just handed
Democrats a message for once I think Moe
vanie oughta get royalties for however
every time that that is replayed in
democratic commercials this year I think
he could make a lot of money you can
retire on that now that's it's a
terrible messaging I don't know why the
heck he'd want to hit want to want to
say that but you know the other thing
when you were saying that the other
thing that hit me was with these kind of
wave elections and you've watched this
stuff for a really long time too
they always go bigger than you think
when you sort of count through you know
how many seats do you think will go one
direction they always the dominoes tend
to fall disproportionately you know even
farther than you think so
these are scary Republicans are facing
some just really serious headwinds in
this election you know we've had this
conversation I want to say probably half
a dozen times over the last six months
with one of these special elections and
you know and I'm asking you okay you're
reading it and you look at it and and
each time you're like yeah it seems like
things are only getting worse for the
GOP and it's getting worse they're
trying to it seems as if they're trying
to batten down the hatches and it's not
working and in Arizona eight every time
I turned around the RNC was throwing
more money in it or there was another
outside group trying to I mean they
prepared for this one and still only
want it by
yeah that's absolutely right and the
Republicans are a Republican strategists
are not asleep they're not in denial
they know this is going to be an ugly
election you know you're gonna have
Stephen law in a few minutes and Steve's
gonna really earn his pay this time this
this is bad but the other thing
particularly about the house is that 73%
of the Republicans and the house
representatives were elected since they
had their last bad election in other
words they were not here in 2006 so that
they may think they've had tough races
but most of these guys have never seen a
really really tough race before and
they'd better get ready
but the strategists know this is coming
you know the other part of this charlie
is what it means for the state of
Arizona you look at how competitive a
Senate race I have to say I'm now taking
a second look at the governor's race are
you at this point considering what we're
seeing
energy-wise and a special election like
Arizona absolutely and watching and of
course in Arizona a lot of it in the
terms of the Senate race anyway is what
happens in the primary I mean you
basically have three Republicans running
and if one of them martha mcsalley wins
the republican nomination
you know it's an even money or maybe
even for Republicans slightly better
than even money race but if one of the
other two joe or pay or Kelly Ward this
seat might be gone or almost gone for
Republicans so what happens the primary
matters but Arizona is a state that it
is gradually moving from red to purple
and it may be purple or purple before we
think when we it seems awfully early to
see the okay time to save the whatever
it is save the house save the Senate
every cycle the the party that holds
power has to make those tough choices in
96 it was dumped dole saved the
congressional majorities right Democrats
had a save the Senate strategy in 2010
when they realized the house was gone
seems awfully early to be writing off
the house but it if you were a donor
Republican donor would you be
off the house at this point Charlie I
wouldn't be writing it off but I would
be sort of prepared to and starting to
get a little bit more active on the
Senate side but the other thing that
happens is the parties have to start
performing triage
I mean they have to say okay these
members over here we love them do we
love them but they're probably toast and
these people over here they'll probably
survive without us but these people
right here we have a good chance of
saving them and I think that field
medicine battlefield medicine is what
you're saying absolutely it's gonna be a
mass unit over at the campaign
committees Charlie cook as always sir
thank you for your insight hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
