there are new ethics questions
surrounding a top Trump cabinet official
this time budget director and acting
head of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau Mick Mulvaney a former
congressman facing scrutiny after the
New York Times reports he told a group
of lobbyists and banking industry
executives they should donate more money
lawmakers in order to have more
influence on their agenda telling them
quote we had a hierarchy in my office in
Congress if you're a lobbyist who never
gave us money I didn't talk to you if
you're a lobbyist who gave us money I
might talk to you joining me now is
Jennifer Rogers former assistant US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York now executive director at
Columbia Law School Jennifer this is a
stunning comment to me I don't know if
there's a legal question here but if you
talk about draining the swamp this is
the swamp well you're exactly right
Andrea I mean there really are two
questions one is is this a sort of
culture we want you know do we want this
pay-to-play culture in Washington where
lobbyists paying money are the ones who
have influence and that's a broader
societal question that I think we need
to grapple with and demand action from
from our congressional congressional
representatives to hopefully pass more
laws stronger regs more disclosure with
lobbyists and so on but the other
question is you raise is a legal
question you know is Mulvaney
potentially on the hook for criminal
charges for a bribery scheme when he was
in Congress and I'm happy to go into
that more but that's a very interesting
legal question and in terms of recent
developments at the Supreme Court kind
of narrowing the law in this area well
how does that play out given those
recent Supreme Court rulings so one of
the developments was to make it the
prosecutors have to prove an explicit
quid pro quo if the bribe is in the form
of a campaign contribution and after
that development a lot of prosecutors
said you know how can we possibly be
expected to ever prove a case where the
bribe is a campaign donation because no
one's going to be dumb enough to make an
explicit quid pro quo and so for that
today I say you know exhibit a is is
Mulvaney it's just incredible that he
was willing to go on the record for
something like this the other problem
though is another narrowing of the law
in recent years has been
say in from 2016 in the McDonald case
that it's not good enough to have a
meeting a meeting does not count as the
official act that is exchanged for the
bribe you have to have more so what I
would look for there if in fact
prosecutors are interested in pursuing
whether there was a bribery crime here
is for them to look beyond the meetings
and see whether some of these lobbyists
who gave these campaign donations
actually got a promise for action in the
form of say legislation or
appropriations something like that
they'll have to go beyond the meeting
but it is possible and it makes me
wonder if if some agency or other is
going to be looking into this this is
exactly what we were talking about after
that McDonald ruling and in that case
there was a friendship so there was a
way to look at it that the gifts were an
act of friendship and that there was no
quote of a quit or quit to the quote in
in that Supreme Court decision which
overturned his conviction fascinating
stuff and it also would they would have
to look back at his voting record I
presume on issues involving specific
lobbyists it would be a rather
complicated case he also by the way is
at least purported to be a president
Joel favorite and a potential future
chief of staff if John Kelly were to
leave under one circumstance or another
so this is not just any other cabinet
official I want to ask you quickly about
also about Scott Pruett because we now
hear that a former Secret Service agent
who leads the security detail from Scott
Pruett worked on assignments for the
tabloid news publisher American media
Inc during the 2016 campaign freelancing
I guess according to records and
interviews does that raise issues that's
of course the same media company that's
very close to the president and has been
involved in them the month of Michael
Kohn and stormy Daniels cases well it's
hard to say without knowing a bit more I
mean Pruitt is in trouble for all sorts
of things including lots of things
having to do with people working at his
agency you know improper retaliation
improper use of resources of his
personnel and so on
you know you'd really want to know more
about what this person's role was and
why he was with the EPA but if if he
brought on as some sort of favor or to
do something that's not really related
to the work of the agency but instead to
do something outside of that then you'd
have another instance of improper use of
government resources and you know
another indication that Scott Pruett has
to go not only because of these actual
individual violations that it appears
that that he's been committing but to
send the message I mean we've had
cabinet member after cabinet member with
these ethics problems and without
demonstrating that these people will be
taken out when these ethics violations
become clear you just can't send the
proper message thanks so much Jennifer
thanks for all subjects things you
appreciate good to see you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
