the presidents lay this problem guys has
fallout over his nominee for Secretary
of Veterans Affairs dr. Ronnie Jackson
the Navy Admiral Admiral and White House
physician is facing allegations over
over prescribing medications drinking on
the job and creating a unprofessional
work environment Democratic senator Jon
Tester the ranking member on the
Veterans Affairs Committee spoke about
those allegations yesterday here's what
he had to say along with comments from
dr. Jackson himself and president Trump
he is a physician for for the President
and in the previous administration we
were told of stories there were he was
repeatedly drunk while on duty where his
main job was to take care of the most
powerful man in the world that's not
acceptable
you've seen the allegations a hostile
work environment allegations about
essentially drinking on the job over
prescribing medications are you saying
those are categorically untrue I'm
saying I I'm looking forward to the
hearing so we can sit down and I can
explain everything to everyone and
answer all the Senators questions thanks
guys I appreciate it I said to dr.
Jackson what do you need it for so we'll
see what happens I don't want to put a
man through who's not a political person
I don't want to put a man through a
process like this it's too ugly and too
disgusting so we'll see what happens
he'll make a decision so I wouldn't do
it I wouldn't do it what does he need it
for
to be abused by a bunch of politicians
that aren't thinking nicely about our
country I really don't think personally
he should do it but it's totally his I
would stand behind him totally his
decision
let's bring in now Democratic senator
Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin senator good
to have you with us this morning a lot
of ground to cover but first of all your
reaction to the allegations against dr.
Jackson and man who received
commendation in his previous
administration President Obama himself
heaping praise on Ronnie Jackson we've
actually seen a lot of members of the
Obama administration even yesterday
rushing out to defend doctor
his reputation and his professionalism
is it someone you'd be comfortable
voting for to become the next secretary
of the VA well let me tell you first the
allegations that we're hearing are very
disturbing and need to be investigated
and I'm glad they've put a pause on his
confirmation hearing so that they can
look more deeply into those but I want
to tell you that I had concerns about
dr. Ronnie Jackson's nomination before
these revelations because we know that
the VA is entrusted with the care of
nine million veterans who have served
our country and deserve the very best
the VA health system has had problems in
the past they have problems that need to
be overseen now and worked through and I
feared that dr. Jackson didn't have the
type of managerial experience needed to
oversee such an important but also large
entity and so you know when I look at
the problems we've seen with the waiting
list scandal with over a prescription of
narcotics with a variety of issues we
need somebody who is going to lean
forward I've passed bipartisan
legislation to include great reforms
across the VA system we need to see
those fully implemented and so I had my
doubts already and wanted a lot of
questions answered before these latest
relevation revelations that are very
disturbing KC senator I just want to say
I follow up on one thing you mentioned
so far to our knowledge Ronnie Jackson
has not been accused of over prescribing
narcotics it's been sleep aids
wakefulness medicines I just want to
make sure that you don't have
information we don't have on that point
and then also okay and then also to
raise the broader question it seems like
the president is kicking the question of
whether to continue this confirmation
process to dr. Jackson and right now
there's no indication that he's planning
to withdraw do you think at this point
there is a conceivable
path forward for him to confirmation in
the Senate I do think it's much more
difficult with these revelations and
also with the IG report that I have not
yet had a chance to see but he denied
that there was any and apparently the
White House released one all of those
sort of mount up to some pretty high
hurdles for dr. Jackson to continue with
this process Senator Bob Costas here
where do you stand in your reelection
race the Wisconsin has turned more
conservative and some people would have
thought in the last few years and you
see a lot of conservative groups active
in that state you have Governor Walker
running for re-election at the same time
well first of all we have seen more
outside outside of state billionaires
pouring money into Wisconsin being
active on television on our radio with
attack ads against me I recognize that
Wisconsin is a battleground state but I
think there's something more I think
that I have always focused on fighting
for the people of Wisconsin and I stand
up to those outside special interests
who have you know protecting Wall Street
and the drug corporations and they know
that I stand for the people of Wisconsin
and so I don't think it's a coincidence
that we're seeing all of this outside
spending that said in part by in large
part because of the work I've done on
behalf of the people of Wisconsin we are
seeing engagement like I've never seen
before in our state we had a special
election in a state Senate seat in
northwestern Wisconsin a district that
Trump won by 17 points in 16 this
January a Democratic candidate patty
Shatner won that district with 11 points
a 28 point flip and as you were
reporting elsewhere in the country we've
seen that type of momentum we had a
great nonpartisan spring race on April
3rd in Wisconsin where progressive
minded
fair and impartial Supreme Court justice
was elected with a 12-point margin that
hasn't happened in our state since 1995
so I see an incredible engagement
because people do want the Congress of
the United States the son of the United
States focused on people's needs and
focused on Wisconsin and right now
Washington is not working for Wisconsin
alright thank you so much senator Tammy
Baldwin as always we greatly appreciate
you being on the show and Casey I wanted
to go back to you for a second gives you
ask a question about Ronnie Jackson I
don't know if you're hearing what what
we keep hearing especially from people
that worked with him during the Obama
administration but we keep being warned
not to get over our skis on some of
these allegations that came out
yesterday from testers a lot of people
in the last administration people that
have known Ronnie Jackson who let me
just say I don't think is qualified for
this position but but believe that these
reports of excessive drinking are part
of a hit job that actually Jackson may
have had some drinks on long trips
off-duty but then again everybody else
did and I'm hearing over and over again
that never never
he was never drunk on the job and
reports of him being the Candy Man is is
a ridiculous allegation it's very
answering I are you hearing pushback
from people that have worked with him in
the past
Joe my sense is that he was and you
alluded to this earlier in the show very
popular with Obama administration staff
clearly well-liked by President Trump so
my question in all of this reporting
there is some insinuation that there may
be people who believe that there's
someone that has an axe to grind against
this man and that certainly could be
part of this unfolding story but there
does seem to be some indication from
tester's office that a lot of these
complaints are coming from you
armed military personnel and so it's
possible that there is a divide in
social circle and therefore
understanding of what's going on between
people who were civilians working on the
political side and people working in the
military and you also have to remember
that oftentimes in military culture
there is a pretty intense incentive not
to talk not to tell a story so I do
think that we're still a ways from
understanding the full set of facts
around this clearly dr. Jackson really
wants the chance to take a stand for
himself he wants to be able to go to
that open hearing so if that happens I
do think at some point the truth will
come out one way or the other
Bob Custer does it look like he's going
to get his hearing that he's going to
get a vote the president kicked open the
exit door yesterday to show dr. Jackson
he could leave this process if he wants
to at the same time colleagues of dr.
Jackson tell me that in the post that he
wants to still go through with this
hearing he told that to the president
yesterday in part because of what
senator tester said senator tester and
other critics of the nominee came out
with these allegations and and dr.
Jackson's telling his confidants he
wants to see some of this aired out a
little bit and he moves forward the
White House knows it could be quite
unruly in terms of what's brought up
allegations from the past but at this
point they don't have a plan B and bill
kristol will we will end this segment
where we began this segment with me
asking for a response to Donald Trump
calling kim jeong-hoon
an honorable and open man I loved that
soft ball down the middle of the plate
swing away you know they warned me if I
didn't vote for Donald Trump that would
have a president who was coddling
horrible dictators with an unbelievable
amount of blood on their hands and here
we are with Donald Trump I mean can you
imagine if I did such an obvious thing
cuz I have a key measure of Barack Obama
it's at this what what would be
happening on Fox News and in The Wall
Street Journal and among conservative
commentators and Republicans in Congress
today but somehow Trump says it and it's
all part of a skillful diplomatic effort
that he's engaged in and incidentally
I'm not
we'll see what happens in North Korea
itself where they have done nothing they
have set a few things we have zero and
verifiable evidence that they have
changed one aspect of one part of their
nuclear program bill kristol Bob Kafka
thank you both very much coming up next
on Morning Joe we'll go back to those
big developments surrounding Iran and a
new warning from President Trump he says
that country would pay a price like few
have ever paid before he said if it
jump-starts its nuclear program and
keeping her around in check is one of
the reasons why the president says he is
staying in Syria despite his gut telling
him to get out dr. Jeffrey Sachs says
the president should trust his gut and
pull American troops out of Syria he
joins the conversation along the New
York Times columnist Brett Stevens next
on Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
