Senator Lindsey Graham was perhaps the
most vocal supporter of Brett Kavanaugh
in the Senate even erupting an anger at
the nominees critics during the
confirmation hearings speaking to
reporters just moments after Kavanagh
was confirmed the South Carolina
Republican insisted dr. Christine Blasi
Ford was treated well by the Senate and
offered this by a way of comparison I
think dr. four was pretty well I think
the roles were reversed the slot for
drugs Cavanaugh Mike Barnicle what would
John became do what would John McCain
say I think what John McCain would say
is Lindsey who are you what has happened
to you because clearly I mean he morphed
into Donald Trump into a Donald Trump
supporter before John McCain was even
put in the ground in Annapolis it is
shocking how quickly he switched over to
maybe who he really is we don't know who
he really is we've had him on here Joe
and Meeker as you know numerous times
he's engaging it can be funny he can be
sort of introspective about things like
the United States Senate but during the
course of these hearings he is someone
who is unrecognizable in terms of who
you thought he was I mean mark I don't
know what your take on it is but I mean
who is he I can't remember although it
happens all the time but the distance
and the gulf between where Lindsey
Graham was and where he is now you know
you think about the things he said
during the campaign about Donald Trump
couldn't be further from where he is now
and you just get a sense that you know
is this Senator Graham speaking or is
this future Attorney General Graham
speaking yeah yeah he wants to be
Attorney General so badly Mika and I
guess you do what you what he thinks he
is yeah he's lost me thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more for morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
