but going back to France over the past
15 20 years
the French have not always been our
closest partners obviously Chirac in
2002-2003 was working actively against
our interest he can go back to de Gaulle
I think in 68 69 deciding he wanted to
be neutral and as in NATO militarily the
French have been a problem but it's it
is hard not to look at this this new
leader in France and and not say what
but you've suggested that that France
may be moving towards position in the
center of Europe and maybe one of our
most critical allies I think that macro
and his success in Washington this week
is a little sign of the realignment of
Europe we may see a little bit more of
that when Chancellor Merkel that German
leader comes at the end of the week
France traditionally over the last 20
years and more has had this kind of
distance toward the United States you
know were your friends but we're also
gonna insist on our culture our primacy
it's been a very prickly relationship
French famously disagreed with george w
bush about about weapons of mass
destruction in iraq oppose the US
invasion of iraq that criticism from
france looks better i must say with the
passage of time but at the time it led
to a real crisis and you remember people
were boycotting French restaurants and
calling french fries freedom fries to
show how angry they were at the French
it was all kind of crazy misfiring of a
traditional relationship McCraw has very
cleverly brought that back to the center
I think part of it is our traditional
key ally in Europe is not as reliable as
it was I don't know where Britain is
heading in the post-breakfast of the
world like Britain doesn't know but but
they won't be quite the same and and
Mike Ross sees an opening for France
France is ready to use military power
ready to work with us on Syria as he
showed ready to take the lead on Iran
and we'll talk more on Iran in just a
moment with the president signaling that
he's open to a new Iran deal the kind
that president McCrone is trying to
convince President Trump to get behind
we'll talk about that in a moment still
ahead as well on Morning Joe Michael
Cohen is used to quote fixing things for
Donald Trump well the president returned
the favor with a pardon Trump calls that
a stupid question
law professor Jonathan Turley weighs in
straight ahead plus a Republican in
Arizona squeaks by by what was once a
party stronghold we'll have a live
report on the heels of that closely
watched election and Mick Mulvaney
reportedly tells top bankers that as a
congressman he would meet only with
lobbyists if they had contributed to his
campaign I'll tell you what his
spokesperson is now saying about that
comment you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
