there's been a ton of ink and a ton of
breath exhausted over the issue of
whether the president is going to end
the Russia investigation by shutting
down robert muller in the special
counsel's office turns out those two
things may no longer be related shutting
down miller and shutting down the
investigation we've now got a new filing
from miller's prosecutors that show that
they have taken yet another step to
ensure the continued existence of their
investigation even in the event the
special counsels office gets somehow
raptured to heaven and disappeared by
President Trump and this is a clear
pattern now they're doing it again and
again and again we saw it clearly in the
Moller team's decision to refer the
michael cohen part of their
investigation to the US Attorney's
Office in New York rather than pursuing
it themselves it's New York federal
prosecutors who are running that
investigation into the president's
personal attorney now if the special
counsels office goes away the Michael
Cohen investigation will not go away we
saw the same principle at work when the
special counsel's office declared an
open court that it wasn't their own
decision to bring charges against Trump
campaign chair Paul Manafort they
explained in court that the Justice
Department's tax division signed off on
the tax related charges against Manta
for it and the National Security
Division at DOJ signed off on other
charges against him so separate and
apart from the special counsels office
those charges exist and have been
approved elsewhere in the Justice
Department making the Special Counsel go
away doesn't make those charges go away
we saw it also when Moeller's team went
out of their way to make the point again
in open court that somehow if magically
Muller was disappeared in the special
counsel's office was no longer impaneled
in these investigations the
investigations would persist quote the
senior assistant Special Counsel in
charge of this prosecution is a longtime
career prosecutor with the internal
authority to conduct this prosecution
separate and aside from his role in the
special counsels office they declared to
the judge in that case well now we're
seeing it again one more step late last
night we got new filings
in the Paul Manafort case and in these
new filings and a couple of footnotes
all the bad stuff is always in the
footnotes the government tells the court
that the search warrants that were
executed on Paul manna forts home and a
storage unit he has in Virginia those
warrants didn't come
the special counsel's office quote the
warrant application makes clear that the
agent who sought the warrant was
assigned at the time to the FBI's
international corruption squad and the
warrant application was reviewed by an
assistant US attorney in the Eastern
District of Virginia so when it comes to
these warrants that led to these raids
on manna farts those weren't just out of
a special counsel's office they were
signed off in the US Attorney's Office
in the Eastern District of Virginia with
advice from the FBI's international
corruption squad again totally separate
and apart from the special counsel's
office so out of all the political
anxiety around Robert Muller potentially
being fired or what the president could
do to try to make the special counsel's
office go away the special counsels team
has already routed their investigation
in all these other parts of the Justice
Department and law enforcement so even
if you chopped down the special
counsel's office its roots will survive
and presumably this will sprout new
trees hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
