my calling are are you considering thank
you very much
stupid question stupid question
that's president Trump downplaying the
questions today about he whether he
pardon Michael Cohen our reporting night
though adds some intrigue Cohen
encouraged by Trump's tweets as assigned
to stay strong that's courtesy of Vanity
Fair and even if no part is being
discussed formally he thinks these are
messages that Trump is still watching
out for him but why should Trump be
worried at all that brings us to a
special report tonight how some people
in Trump plan could have wider criminal
liability than they realize in a major
tool in Muller's pocket the law that I'm
talking about is something everyone
knows at least in general bribery but
here's what's key while traditionally
government bribery sounds like something
only government officials can do
something that's only an issue after
someone takes office like Trump in
January there are now indications that
Muller could get tougher and reach back
farther than that take former federal
prosecutor Seth Waxman who argues
there's a way that federal bribery laws
actually can apply the moment a
candidate becomes the party's nominee
Seth is my special guest tonight to dig
into what he calls an arrow and Muller's
quiver
now bribery does not always go down like
it does in the movies it's not always a
suitcase full of cash in fact when
you're buying off a public official the
law says a bribe can be anything of
value and bribery's of weapon federal
prosecutors can use in fact during his
time running the FBI Bob Miller ramped
up the number of public corruption cases
they investigated and he knows as well
as anyone the Trump became a public
official under the law not when he won
and was sworn in but rather six months
earlier the day he stood on that stage
in Cleveland and accepted the Republican
nomination for president nobody knows
the system better than me I have seen
firsthand how the system is rigged the
time gap between the nomination and the
oath is important consider that the DNC
emails came out during that time that
Donald Trump jr. was in touch with
WikiLeaks then that Roger stone first
claimed he was talking to gusta 42.0
then and this law is designed to deal
with exactly potentially that kind of
pre-emptive action if it becomes a
which is why it says quote any person
who's been nominated or appointed to be
a public official can be prosecuted
under that 1962 bribery law Seth Waxman
is here as well as Nick Ackerman
Seth why is this important well alright
I think this could be a game changer
when it comes to federal prosecutions I
mean the federal bribery charge has a
15-year criminal penalty a jail term
associated with it
federal prosecutors use that kind of
tool to go after senior members of a
current conspiracy and try to roll them
up on to the leadership of that
conspiracy and I think the reason we
haven't been discussing this law up
until now is because you have to kind of
dig into the federal bribery statute in
fact look at the definition section not
to get to legally geeky here let's look
at you real well let's do it and when
you look at that you realize as you
pointed out that the law does not just
begin to apply when the public official
is sworn into office as mr. Trump was in
January of 2017 but rather backs all the
way up to July of 2016 when he was
nominated so if someone if someone say a
foreign agent wants to bribe someone for
what they would do if or after elected
you're saying that bribe quote-unquote
can take place during the campaign right
and that's why the law was structured
the way it was back in 1962 this
Congress realized that public officials
aren't susceptible to bribes just once
they get into office
if someone's kind of in the pipeline to
take a serious office no serious office
then no more serious office than the
president the United States we want to
protect against that kind of corruption
and so they made the law apply as of the
date of the nomination which in this
case puts it directly into the heart of
where Bob mower and his team are looking
at with all these various interactions
between the Russian team on the one side
and the Trump team on the other Nick
what do you think of Seth's eagle-eyes
here I think he's absolutely correct I
think what the quid pro quo is here is
the dropping of sanctions in return for
the Russians helping on the campaign
what the Russians wanted worse than
anything was to get from one
the sanctions that were imposed by Obama
with respect to the invasion of the
Ukraine and also to the sanctions that
were levered later with respect to the
interference in the election so if the
Russians get the sanctions under your
theory what did the Trump campaign get
they get how they get the help they get
the help in getting elected they get the
emails that are stolen from the DNC they
get the Russians suppressing the Hillary
Clinton vote by using on Facebook and
using Twitter and going after the
Hillary Clinton voters and suppressing
that so Seth is that a theory that you
think has foundation and precedent I
think that that's fits squarely in what
a bribery case is typically all about a
quid pro quo so it's the offering of
dirt on Hillary Clinton in exchange for
a promise to reduce sanctions so
anything that's that this for that kind
of an exchange when it involves a public
official is a classic bribery charge and
and what's different about this charge
than all the other charges that we've
been talking about whether it's federal
election campaign law or foreign agent
Registration Act I will tell you as a
former federal prosecutor those are very
rare prosecutions on the other hand a
federal bribery charge kind of goes to
the heart of what every federal
prosecutor who's gone after public
corruption uses as their primary weapon
and I can tell you Bob Muller and his
team are very adept and very comfortable
using that kind of charge in bringing a
case under that law right and it was
fascinating to read your analysis of
this as a federal prosecutor yourself I
mean you're not freelancing as a fantasy
movie plot you're talking about what you
think there is a case for it I know
you've brought them in the past Seth
Waxman and Nick Akram and thank you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
