birth president whose only consistent
behavior is his tendency to violate
norms it should come as no surprise the
Trump's first state visit from the
French president a first lady has become
a minefield of bizarre interactions and
breaches of decorum enough so that
Jennifer Rubin at the Washington Post
believes we may finally need a
presidential etiquette guide and based
on today's events alone we have some
rules we could suggest like I actually
can't believe I'm reading this do not
brush dandruff off the French president
we do have a very special relationship
in fact I'll get that with a piece of
dandruff law we have to make him perfect
he is perfect that really happened or do
not shower praise on North Korean
dictator Kim Jong hoon Kim Jong hoon was
he really has been very open and I think
very honorable from everything we're
seeing now and the evergreen do not
attack the press in the company before
leaders mr. president what if I'm
Michael Cohen are are you considering a
thank you very much
stupid question very favorite but if
there's any love lost its president
Trump in front of a car you can't tell
from their body language thank you
thank you thank you
I like him a lot here's what I want to
thank me no economy needs class you
thank you
Phil Robert Jonathan Eddie and Rick are
still here though rucker take the book
yeah well it was it was interesting to
watch all of that today there's clearly
a relationship that's developed between
Trump and what crown Z I don't know but
we do not see that with Merkel who's
going to be it all dates back to about a
year ago when Trump did his first
foreign visit I was in the room in
Brussels when he first met macron and
macron got the better of him in that
handshake it was a white knuckled
handshake and I didn't know that this
relationship would go this direction but
it clearly has and there's a chemistry
there and Trump seemed to revel in the
opportunity to show off the White House
in Mount Vernon and the rest of
Washington to the French president if if
Eddie and I tried to do those handshakes
we'd be in the hospital I think though
it is but it feels right to bring up the
handshake because there's certainly some
affection between these two men
obviously but I think with Donald Trump
as much as I think the dandruff moment
in particulars is cringe-inducing has
them I think it's unlikely there's crazy
juicing as that was for Trump it's it
sort of on three things right it's the
idea of but he is a perfectionist in
terms of appearances I think number two
it is you know he has no decorum and so
no sense of what he should or shouldn't
say in that room but also three it's a
bit of a power play like look I'm in
charge I'm cleaning you up I have a
little hand on you right now completely
dispute the idea that there's any
chemistry between these guys it is
macron realizing that the way to get to
Trump's heart is to ingratiate yourself
to make it seem like you have a bromance
and a buddy relationship he is cringing
every time President Trump
touches him and every time president
touches him his ratings popularity in
France goes down five percent so this is
this is a dangerous thing for him
fascinating thing about us tracking the
bromance is that we're not paying
attention to where McCrone has failed
with regard to let's let's turn to that
and
rubber cross so let me bring you in on
this so smart political strategists
working for the French president book to
Mom Fox News Sunday speaking to an
audience of one about the Iran deal we
talked about this a little bit yesterday
but President Trump seemed to sort of
turn up the anti Iran deal language
today let's watch that and talk about it
on the other side people know my views
on the Iran deal it was a terrible deal
it should have never ever been made we
gave one point eight billion in cash
that's actual cash barrels of cash there
testing missiles and what is that all
about what kind of a deal is that where
you're allowed to test missiles all over
the place they restart their nuclear
program they will have bigger problems
and they have ever had before it's
insane it's ridiculous it should have
never been made but we will be talking
about it so that's the kind of
conversation that under normal
presidents takes place when the cameras
are not in the room and a bilat where
you don't embarrass your ally in front
of a press pool is there anyone around
the president who's able to say to him
your views on the Iran deal are
well-known but you've just invited one
of your better allies on the world stage
here let's tone down the rhetoric I mean
this is what you know we took a look our
foreign desk took a look at how this is
playing in France and this is being
viewed as a failure on the part of my
chrome in conversations with some
foreign diplomats here in Washington
they say it's often a strategy for the
French and others to ingratiate
themselves with President Trump not just
to ingratiate themselves but because
they believe they have to be seen as
tough and friendly by President Trump
for him to truly listen to them when
they make serious points both publicly
and privately about issues like Syria
and the Iran deal so you see McCrone
knowing that Trump doesn't have this
tight relationship with the UK as some
past presidents have had the
anglo-american relationship that Europe
is kind of scrambled right now in terms
of its relations with the US he seasoned
out an opening for France to step
through and for France to help really
negotiate the finer details in the
coming months on Iran and Syria and so
of course the president's making these
comments publicly alarming some in the
US and abroad but McCrone believes
if he's at his side he could play a
bigger role hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
