welcome back you know what we like to
say around here if it's Tuesday somebody
is voting somewhere and as we've said
today that somewhere is Arizona joining
me now from Phoenix AZ Arizona native
MSNBC's von Hilliard Vaughn you're
following the races out there
150,000 ballots were already cast before
today
what is the early voting tell you about
how this race might end up Katie we kind
of know how the basis of Party daily
Nations are gonna break down at the end
of the day today forty-nine percent of
those early ballots that have come in
are from Republican voters 28 percent of
them are from Democrats the other 23
percent are independents so what does
that tell us about this rate so it was
kind of number crunching here let's say
he wrote super Nini she's the Democrat
in this race that the former ER
physician she has three children that
went through local public schools here
she sort of had this insurgency campaign
but what did she have to do to win let's
say she gets ninety five percent of
Democratic vote
she also pulls off 15 percent of
Republican votes with those numbers
she'd still have to win over seventy
percent of independents at this point
Katie the numbers are quite large to
overcome but but it's something that
when you talk here though some voters on
the ground it's something that we should
pay attention to tonight because I don't
think it's out of the blue that is that
she could pull off something I spoke to
he wrote supper Nene a little bit
earlier on on my 2 p.m. show and she was
pushing back against much of what her
rival let's go was saying about her
saying that she wasn't for a border wall
funding or not excuse me for border
security funding she was just talking
about smart funding in terms of
democratic enthusiasm even if she does
not win tonight or tomorrow if the if
the count goes on that long
what would Democrats consider to be a
win in terms of enthusiasm there on the
ground
we should note that the West Valley here
these are the western suburbs of Phoenix
they opened up their first field office
the Democratic Party for the first time
as long as anybody can remember around
here precinct committeeman these are
those local activists on the ground in a
lot of these legislative districts which
those democratic parties are operating
out of they have tripled the number of
precinct committee them and from just
one year last year alone I was over in
LD 22 the other night the amount of
enthusiasm from an activist level is
hi and that's where Democrats when you
talk to them they say even if they don't
pull out tonight just that if they can
get this within five to ten points which
is a big difference from where Trump won
just two years ago by 21% they think
that that gives them hope heading into
November move on you're from Phoenix you
know the area well it doesn't feel
different to you well I'll tell you it
feel different katie is is a if you had
told me a couple years ago when I left
Arizona that I'd be out here covering a
race in the West Valley this is 80
percent of the ballots here are from
people 55 and older a lot of these are
retirees that are coming in what it's
different though is the conversation
around education around guns there's a
lot of frustration among Republicans
that said here in the state that at the
at the state level the legislature has
not taken action over these decades in
which they have watched really
Republican legislators as they say
falter and really not stand up and it's
a little bit too late for them and they
said that they are considering voting
for a Democrat which is something you
would not have heard of for many very
Republicans here just a couple years ago
people in fact I met Vaughn Hilliard in
Phoenix Arizona at a trump rally in 2015
when he was a newbie embed and I was a
very newbie political reporter Vaughn
look how far we've come
Vaughn Hilliard thank you very much hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
