Thomas AP reporter at the White House
who just broke a story about an
Inspector General report involving
Ronnie Jackson and MSNBC's Garrett Haake
on Capitol Hill I do want to start with
you can this report from the IGS from
the IG from 2012 saying that there was
unprofessional behavior saying the staff
felt like they were working for parents
caught in a bitter divorce because of
the way Ronnie Jackson was interacting
with a rival doctor that's right Katie
it basically describes a power struggle
in 2012 involving dr. Jackson and a
rival doctor at the time who was
President Obama's top physician that
there was a very high level of tensions
between the two leaders of this unit it
provides some you know idea of what
should have happened back then it
recommends that they should have
considered replacing one or both of the
senior leaders of the office of the
physician to the president and the
director of the White House medical unit
it also just says that there should have
been clear lines of authority and
responsibilities needed now it doesn't
get into any mention of over prescribing
or drinking of on the job those those
questions have been raised as part of
dr. Jackson's nomination but it does put
him in the middle in the thick of a real
tough situation in the White House and
calls into question his leadership
capability Ken let's talk about the
vetting process that sort of thing would
usually come up in the vetting process
when you're trying to install somebody
as a cabinet secretary no absolutely it
speaks to the lack of vetting process
that we've seen here so far as you may
remember dr. Jackson was kind of a
surprise pick for VA secretary his name
hadn't really been floated prior to that
and there wasn't a lot of reviewing from
what we can tell of his background the
president has a very good rapport with
dr. Jackson he's someone who he believes
in he spoke about that earlier did today
but in turn
of his his ability to run the VA which
is a sprawling organization it's it's
it's an agency that has had a lot of
trouble in the past that that drawers
into causing a question his ability of
use of the White House also says the
president wasn't aware of any of these
allegations why was the president not
aware of this when he's the president's
nominee that's a good question that we
we were able to review this report and
it's really not clear how far up the
chain of command it is gone whether it
was something that the president was
able to review before he made the
nomination it's it's it's really unclear
how how you know long they've known
about these allegations in this report
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
