developing news now our Garrett Haake is
speaking with Senator tester ranking
member of the Veterans Affairs Committee
as speculation swirls about the fate of
Ronnie Jackson let's listen in how about
a week ago I came everywhere we go today
or tomorrow but about a week ago and any
idea when this hearing might be
rescheduled it's just when you have
answers you're comfortable with it's
going to be at the call of the chair
I'll be talking with Johnny as the
process goes forth but it's going to
depend if we find their their very time
to see in a hostile work environment
alcohol use prescription abuse
I just can't confirm it at this moment
in time there are a lot of things we're
looking into do you feel like this is
the kind of thing that the White House
should have discovered before it came to
your desk I can't you know I don't know
what process they go through on the
vetting but we it's our job thoroughly
vet these candidates we are doing that
once we come to conclusion whether he's
fit to serve or not then we'll move
forward with the hearing cooperation of
all members including the majority
yeah I think everybody's everybody's on
board with what we're doing I can't
speak for everybody but the the folks
that I've had passing conversations with
have been fine
yeah thank you thank you Holly I know
you guys jumped in in the middle of that
but the headline there from Jon Tester
who's the ranking Democrat on the
veterans of fair Veterans Affairs
Committee is as we reported last night
the hearing for Ronnie Jackson that was
scheduled for Wednesday will be
postponed
he says it'll be postponed subject to
the call of the chair that's essentially
Senate yz4 indefinitely senators are
going to take their time going through
these allegations against and Gary
Jackson are these concerns about Admiral
Jackson's background that have come up
recently out for one second just to back
up a little cuz we came in sort of right
in the middle of that conversation just
to make sure everybody's on the same
page with us rotting Jackson of course
is the president's pick to be the next
Secretary of Veterans Affairs or to take
over the VA basically he was nominated
by the president since the nomination
now the hearing was set to be I believe
Wednesday right tomorrow Garrett it was
supposed to be tomorrow we you and I
overnight reported out you can look at
it on NBC News com that that hearing has
been postponed because of
turns about Jackson's background this is
coming from sources both inside the
administration and on the hillside as
well you can see our piece right there
Garrett's so with that is the backdrop
here the big question is going to be
what is going on what are these
allegations and Jon Tester avoided that
question we heard and then when is
Jackson going to come before this
committee for his hearing and it sounds
like those are still two questions we
just don't know the answer to yeah
that's right Howie forgive me for coming
in hot they're so right so here's what
we here's what we know and what we've
been able to report is that these
concerns about Jackson's background
including how he has handled his tenure
as the White House physician started to
bubble up over the last couple of days
and became an issue particularly over
the weekend the ranking Democrat Jon
Tester who we were just speaking to and
Johnny Isakson the chair in this
committee worked together very closely
and they had been working together and
had been having these conversations
about what to do about this because
Jackson has been up here on the hill
meeting with members and he's mostly
given a favorable impression but
something in the severity of these
accusations these concerns that have
arisen over the last couple days caused
them in consultation with the White
House to press pause on this and even
senators on the committee are trying to
get significantly more information as
late as a few minutes ago I talked to
Mike rounds who's a Republican Center on
this committee just before we came on
the air here's what he had to say he had
some good responses to some of the
concerns that we had with regard to
never having really much management
experience most recently there have been
unsubstantiated allegations that have
surfaced we'll do our due diligence the
chairman of the committee has the
opportunity to decide whether or not we
move forward with a meeting or if we
hold off and get more information and
we'll find out today whether or not we
get more information or if we move
forward
and so highly bringing this all full
circle we have again the confort the
conversation has happened between the
Chairman and the ranking member the
decision to hold off for now on this
hearing the question is will they get
the information they need and feel
comfortable going forward on the hearing
or is this nomination
essentially it revocable stalled
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
