we want to move now to today's special
election in Arizona voters in that
state's 8th congressional district head
to the polls today to select a new
member of Congress Democrat her all
tipper Nettie and Republican Debbie
Lesko are seeking to replace GOP
congressman Trent Franks who resigned
after a female aide said he pressured
her about possibly carrying his child
the race has drawn lots of attention
more than 150,000 Arizonans have already
cast ballots in early voting the
Republican is strongly favored as
president Trump carried the district by
21 points in 2016 but the trends in GOP
districts have been moving in Democrats
direction with the out of power party
seeing double-digit gains in most
special elections but Steve Kornacki
what do we say happening here
yeah what you haven't seen in this one
it'll be interesting to see what it
translates into is that concerted
national effort from Democrats if you
think back to Pennsylvania 18 the last
big special election Democrats were all
in on that one they thought they could
win it and they ended up winning it in
the end this one Democrats seem to be
putting in a slightly different class
even though that graphic you just put up
on the screen on paper this looks a lot
like Pennsylvania 18 just in the fact
that Trump had won it by 20 points he
won both districts basically by 20
points I think one of the differences
Democrats see is that if you look at
that corner of Pennsylvania where they
just flipped the seat that's a place
that voted for Mondale they voted for
Dukakis it voted for Clinton
it was voting Democratic pretty
regularly until about the last 15 20
years ago and even still there's a lot
of residual Democratic loyalty around
there so they didn't think it was
necessarily that lost if you look down
there we're talk about the West Valley
you know outside on the west side of
Phoenix there Glendale surprised that
area you're looking at a place that
doesn't have that kind of tradition of
voting for Democrats Romney won it by 25
Trump won it by 21 but also you look at
that screen you just put up even if
Democrats don't win tonight the other
thing people are looking at is how much
of that Trump margin are they able to
cut into because if you're looking at a
double-digit slice like we've been
seeing in these other places that again
speaks to this energy and this potential
wave the Democrats have been looking
towards Eleni
there
is a double-digit slice here it would be
truly remarkable because the odds are so
much against it you look at how how old
the demographic is here and it's just I
think about 75% of the voters are over
55 they don't have a large portion of
minority voters in this specific
district and Debbie Lesko is a pretty
good candidate she's a strong candidate
I think that's why Democrats didn't
spend that many resources there because
it's different from other specials where
the Republican candidate has just been
pretty terrible and it's worth the
investment the other thing that I'm I
would say is that Reuters recently had a
new poll saying that older Republicans
are shifting to Dems and in a cot in
contrast to you know you look at in 2016
they had about 10 points favorability to
go Republican and now they're up about
two for Democrats if there is a shift
here it would be remarkable and really
point towards a blue tsunami and the
weird thing is we have seen in some of
those other special elections that we
didn't pay much attention to and that
Democrats weren't focused on Kansas 4
which was basically about a year ago
this is the Wichita area that was Pompey
owes district when he left not much of a
recent democratic tradition there
democrats shaved 20 points off there as
well
the other interesting thing we will be
up late watching this tonight though
they do elections funny in Arizona about
11 o'clock Eastern tonight they are
going to dump all at once about 70
percent of all the votes that are cast
so we may know pretty much that we
expect the Republican to be ahead the
question is gonna be how much is she
ahead then if it still looks competitive
we will then wait another hour and they
will begin reporting the actual election
a long night thing we look at that
screen of all these special elections
and the way they've swung we've got
enough evidence now to say there's
something of a trend are these isolated
is there something special about each of
these that maybe is not as much a
referendum on Trump or do you think if
we look at the totality what's in front
of us that there is a message being sent
about this president I mean look this is
steady and this is consistent across the
board except if you want to take the
role of a Republican here trying to put
a good spin on November here's what they
look at the second one you see down
there
Georgia six every Republican best-case
scenario for November relies on that one
remember this race John Asaf was the
Democrat now what made Georgia six
different than a lot of the other races
you see there it was
nationalised democrats poured tens of
millions of dollars into it
Trump was engaged sort of the national
media was engaged the national culture
was engaged you saw a late night
television perk up yeah what Republicans
will tell you I'm not saying I buy it
but what Republicans will tell you is a
race being nationalized like that got
their base excited but Democrats we're
excited and the Republicans turn isn't
it true in the case of Georgia six that
even though Trump only carried it by a
small margin that was Tom prices
district I believe and he carried it by
a much much larger well he had he
basically had no opponent in 2016 the
Atlanta journal-constitution did a a
story that said does this person
actually exist and they couldn't
conclude who the person did I think
that's one of those what you see there
consistently is double-digit movement
from the Trump margin at 16 that's the
one district that's the one special
election where they improved on the
Trump margin in that district and
Democrats haven't even been competing
here they didn't even run anyone haven't
run a candidate since 2012 in the trent
franks district rating and the democrat
is an ER physician so the education
background of this district what more do
we know about the demo this is a little
bit of you if you want to compare it to
a pennsylvania 18 that we just had as we
say it's more republican just when you
look at registration when you look at
voting tradition it's not as blue-collar
as as pennsylvania 18 was it is a very
old district as well it's also a very
there there is a non-white population
there but again it's a largely white
district so again overall you're looking
at a profile of a district that it's not
one of these that swung hard to donald
trump it's one of these that's been
voting double-digit 20-plus points for
republicans for a long time now and
that's not just at the presidential
level that's that's all the way down so
what's the Kornacki call what's the
action here tonight if you're looking at
it
that trend you've been seeing look it
would be it would be a true shock if
Democrats were to win this thing but I'm
setting the bar at about eight points in
this thing
I think if Democrats get the final
margin under eight points in this race I
think they're gonna be feeling awfully
good and if Republicans can get this
thing close to double digits or even
over double digits they're gonna clear
to clear that some kind of it would be
it would still be a significant yes all
right thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on
any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
