sticking with the Trump cabinet the
White House remaining tight-lipped about
the future of embattled EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett as a new
report suggests the administration's
support for him may be waning according
to bloomberg citing two people familiar
with discussions White House officials
are cautioning Republican lawmakers and
other conservatives to temper their
defenses of Pruett the warnings come as
a number of Republican lawmakers are
stepping forward to criticize Pruett and
the number is growing over the weekend
Congressman Frank LoBiondo of New Jersey
became the fourth House Republican to
call on the EPA chief to step down Lobby
Ando who is retiring from Congress
tweeted on Sunday that Pruitt was the
wrong fit for the agency
you think meanwhile three Senate
Republicans are calling for hearings by
the Environment and Public Works
Committee to look into Pruitt's actions
senators Shelley Moore Capito of West
Virginia john Boozman of Arkansas and
staunch bruit Ally Jim Inhofe of
Oklahoma
revealed yesterday they want Pruitt to
appear before the panel the EPA chief is
scheduled to appear on the hill Thursday
and back-to-back House hearings on the
agency's budget marking his first public
appearance on Capitol Hill since the
wave of damaging revelations against him
began late last month the White House
was asked yesterday about whether there
are concerns about Pruitt appearing on
the hill given all the bad headlines
we're continuing to review a number of
the reports that you mentioned and we'll
let you know if we have any changes on
that front administrator Pruitt has done
a good job of implementing the
president's policies particularly on
deregulation making the United States
less energy dependent and becoming more
energy independent those are good things
however the other things certainly are
something that we're monitoring and
looking at and I'll keep you posted you
know Willie if you just look at the
sheer number of incidents that have been
reported on this man
it seems that Scott Pruett again just by
sheer volume has to be one of the more
at the
we challenged grandiose cabinet members
not only of this administration but of
any administration that I remember in my
lifetime he's it seems like the guy's
been cutting corners and profiting off
of off of public service whether it was
back in Oklahoma or whether it was here
getting taking shortcuts living living
large like he's on the Zeppelin 71 tour
I just don't know how much longer he can
survive yeah it's actually even by
Washington standards the sense of
entitlement we're seeing here is
absolutely staggering somebody who rolls
into Washington as the Attorney General
in the state of Oklahoma comes in and
believes that he is I don't know
Secretary of State head of the CIA
something larger a position more
significant perhaps than the one he
holds and also doesn't understand the
job which is to keep the air and the
water clean not to be flying all over
the world with your entourage in fact
they're only four Republicans in the
house who said he ought to step aside I
don't know what else they're looking for
what more do you need to see to
understand that he's not the right guy
for the job and I've heard joke people
around the White House now finally
saying yeah probably it's time for him
to go but that President Trump doesn't
want to be told what to do by the press
he doesn't want to be pushed into a
corner so maybe down the road he gets to
a place where he asked Pruett to step
aside but he's not there yet because he
wants to do it on his terms if he
doesn't also as Sarah sander said
yesterday he actually likes policy-wise
what Scott Pruett is doing in that
position yeah but at least that's this
one I don't understand about Republicans
on the hill and in the White House
saying oh well we agree with what Scott
Pruett says well you know what yeah I'm
sure there are people in prisons across
America who also have a more of a
libertarian view
have more of a libertarian view on the
EPA you certainly can find it's you know
you can find dozens of people that are
actually sitting members of the House
and the Senate who agree completely with
Scott Pruett on these issues and who
won't embarrass the president and the
White House Dahlia aren't there no Joe
it's the most condescending argument and
I hear it from conservatives who say
well we really like the policies really
cutting regulations we're a country of
over 300 million people we could find
someone else who could cut regulations
with the same dexterity I do believe and
they just continue on this path of
defending what's completely indefensible
if you do want to uphold some standard
of dignity and anti-corruption in the US
government and one of the many layers of
embarrassment this administration talk
Tom Price was excused for far less than
what Scott Pruett has now been
documented this is still the least of
their problems which is incredible and
how would you have fiscal conservative
if you're defending this guy living it
up like he is president essentially
because I mean I work for a secretary
they don't need the bulletproof
accoutrements that this guy means you
have a problem with the blow and he's
got the booth the Maxwells like 50 $50 a
night rent in Washington DC they say and
then we find out that actually the
people the lobbyists that gave that to
him actually did have business before
him I mean it goes on and on and on and
I just again nikka I don't understand
why they're suggesting that this guy is
the only person that can cut regulations
at the EPA let me you you can find other
people who are just as ideologically
conservative as this man I just wonder
is there does he have a sponsor
does he have is there a big money does
he a sheldon adelson guy is there
somebody that gives Trump and gives the
Republican Party hundreds of thousands
of
dollars or millions of dollars that is
protecting Scott Pruett because that's
the only thing that makes sense here
there's always an appalling angle that's
for sure still ahead on Morning Joe
French president Emmanuel macron brings
his charm offensive stateside but will
he be able to change president Trump's
mind about pulling out of the Iran deal
and as we mentioned to members of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee who
both played a critical role in advancing
Mike Pompeo confirmation senators Rand
Paul and Chris Coons
will be our guests we'll get to all that
and Steve Ratner's charts today on the
deficit the deficit okay but first
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
