the President of the United States
pretending that he does not see that
there was a huge crowd
not just in Capitol Hill but outside of
the Supreme Court as well I'm looking at
quotes from an interview he gave on Air
Force one in which he dismissed the idea
that women are actually angered by the
Kavanaugh nomination you're what are you
hearing from the White House yeah a
couple of things here Dre so he's
actually his view is that people are
outraged about women in particular are
mad he believes about what happened to
Brett Kavanaugh right that this is
actually galvanized women in his view at
least that's what he's telling reporters
as he is just now getting off Air Force
One elite who don't just one second you
know I hate to interrupt him to come
back to you Trump is speaking now what
he's had to endure horrible false
statements just it doesn't get any worse
but the beautiful thing is he is now in
he's going to be there for a long time
and he's just an outstanding intellect
outstanding scholar brilliant lawyer
brilliant at everything he's ever done
so we're very happy and the vote was a
it was a great vote a very historic vote
I just spoke to just I just spoke to him
two minutes ago and I spoke to the
justices family and he's so excited so
we have now justice Cavanaugh and he's a
terrific man terrific person
I just congratulated him I said
congratulations it was well thought I
mean who would have thought a thing like
that could have happened what he's been
through everything was uncorroborated I
want to thank the FBI I thought the FBI
was incredible they worked hard and they
worked really fast and I hear the report
was was really a detailed thorough
professional report so I want to thank
them I want to thank the Justice
Department because they also they were
working along with the FBI really hard
really fast and I think this actually
the extra week delay was a was a
terrific thing for the process so we
have a great new Supreme Court justice
and he's going to be there for many
years we are very very proud of him and
what he and his family had to endure and
it's a it's a great testament and it's a
testament also to our country I'm going
to make a speech I'll be talking about
it a little bit I know you'll all be
there so thank you very much hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
