we're bed lines over the weekend Hobart
headlines the New York Times locked
looked at his political career back in
Oklahoma before he came to Washington
and found that many of the pitfalls he
has encountered in Washington have
echoes in the past namely allegations of
unchecked spending and ethical lapses
The Times also reports the despite what
he has said Pruitt did in fact meet with
the lobbyist whose wife rented him a
room on Capitol Hill for 50 bucks a
night that's cheap here by the way over
the past few months reporters have
revealed that Pruitt requested forty
three thousand dollars for a soundproof
phone booth I don't understand increase
this security detail to the tune of
three million dollars a year regularly
flew first-class and signed off on pay
raises for two of his closest aides
backed up thankfully raise their
salaries up to almost two hundred a year
for civil employees federal employees
Wow regarding a bad publicity Pruitt has
received The Washington Post reported
President Trump told him early this
month to cool it I can hear that some
orange on by Elaine applied she's a
staff writer for The Atlantic and she's
been covering Prewitt so is this one of
those leave them twisting slowly and the
wind things where the White House is
saying we're reviewing his conduct will
let you know it doesn't look like
they're standing behind him well I want
to be careful Chris to delineate between
the White House and Donald Trump because
what I'm told by sources in the EPA is
that at this point it's everyone but
Trump now who wants Scott Pruett gone
and I've also been told that right now
Donald Trump is consumed by Michael
Cohen the news of the raid whether he
might flip that that just consumes his
every waking moment and that he doesn't
have the head space right now to even
think about a Scott Pruett well what
about his behavior can you objectively
say that he's been out of line in the
way that he's spent federal money on his
perks of course I'll tell me about it
well what I will say as I soundproofed
book I mean he I don't even know why you
would have a soundproof part of your
room at the EPA this isn't you know the
Atomic Energy Commission what is it's
essential to his personality and that's
all it is and that's what makes
reporting on him someone has his own
office right he has its own office who
else is in the room listening to him
nobody well then why does he need a
soundproof container to walk into that's
something you would have to dig into his
psyche to understand even his top aides
don't
understand what it is that he's
discussing that he needs that kind of
secrecy it's just a fixture of his
person he has 20 security people I think
more than that actually from the moment
he got to Washington so it's not as
though threats were escalating he needed
to bring it more these were people he
took from the EPA field staff to come
and guard him 24/7
tell me about how he came here because
people tend to have antecedents in their
behavior you know I always say to
Washington if you don't come here with
values you're not gonna learn him here
you better bring them with you from
school or somewhere from your church or
synagogue you better be a good person
before you get here cuz you're not gonna
learn anything good here you can learn
tricks well right and we know that in
Oklahoma when he was AG and a state
senator before that that he was pretty
adept at communicating with lobbyists
and organizing it was a really good
regulator in other words it was a
helpful friend in government I wouldn't
say so
Elaine applied thank you it's great
Navin you honor hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
