moment now Garrett what is the breaking
news Katie is so is so often the case
with this president the news comes from
Twitter although it's not the
president's account making the news but
Rand Paul's in a series of tweets just
now the Kentucky senator says he spoke
with President Trump several times today
he spoke again with Mike Pompeo about
some of his views and after those
conversations he has decided to change
his position and says he will vote for
Mike Pompeo to be the president's next
Secretary of State this changes the
storyline here in this committee hearing
almost entirely now Pompeo should be
able to get through this committee with
a favorable vote on a party-line vote we
have not heard yet how Jeff Flake plans
to vote he's been the one person who has
kept his cards close to the vest but he
hasn't in any way indicated that he
would vote no most of what we'd heard
from him over the last couple days has
been that he has had these additional
questions to be answered but with this
last tweet from Rand Paul in which he
says having received assurances from
President Trump and director Pompeo that
he said he agrees with the President on
these important issues in this case
talking about what he believes the US
role should be in Iraq and Afghanistan
he's decided to support his nomination
to be Secretary of State so Katie what
was a Rand Paul siding with the
Democrats potentially causing an
embarrassment here although not a stop
to Pompeo this would have essentially
made Pompeo the answer to a trivia
question 20 years from now somebody who
didn't get a favorable recommendation
but was likely to get the votes on the
Senate floor now it does appear that
Pompeo will be able to squeak through
this committee and indeed does have the
votes on the Senate floor with all
Republicans and so far three Democrats
saying they will support him on the
floor hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
