if a developer who people gave their
information to in this case Alexander
Cogan then goes and in violation of his
agreement with us sells the data at a
Cambridge analytic ah that's a big issue
I think people have a right to be very
upset I'm upset that that happened that
of course was Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg during his testimony before
lawmakers on Capitol Hill just a couple
of weeks ago the developer he's
referring to is Alexander Cogan he
developed an app that harvested data of
tens of millions of Facebook users but
this morning Cogan's firing back saying
he is not the only one to blame in this
fight pretty powerful PR spend but it's
exactly that I think what folks need to
understand is this was business as usual
as far as Facebook developers went and
now the Facebook friendly I had a long
relationship with them and I had a lot
to lose by trying to anger them so when
I did this project we don't think we
were doing anything wrong we didn't
think Facebook was ever gonna be upset
and I was even doing it for really money
I was doing it because they thought I'd
get a good research data set but there
are so many commercial entities out
there companies collecting vastly more
data that don't care about the
relationship of Facebook Facebook has no
accounting for that data whatsoever
Joanna Coles my dear friend and chief
content officer of Hurst magazines an
author of a new book you've got to pick
up love rules how to find a real
relationship in a digital world Joanna
you have studied the impact of digital
media all the information we put out
there when we hear from these two guys
and not necessarily Facebook
specifically but when Mark Zuckerberg
says it's a one-off and this guy's
saying no all of our data gets harvested
get used to it is that the world we're
living in I think it is the world we're
living in and I think for the most part
actually people don't care that's what's
fascinating and we have the millennial
generation who understand who want to do
everything on their cell phones right
including dating apps which is actually
what I've been writing about but I think
this is a generational gap I think older
people care because they have a sense of
what privacy means and I think the
millennial and Gen Z and alpha
generation that just assume that
everything they do on their cell phone
somehow goes out
into weird cyberspace and they really
don't care and you can see this isn't
actually an issue that's really caught
on with people do people think that the
election might have been hijacked and
are they concerned about that yes but
does it stop them from signing terms and
agreements they're never going to read
absolutely not but isn't there a line
between the two I put all my information
out there and maybe that comes back in
ads that are good for me because it's
about the stores and products I buy I'm
ok with that
but when my information is then used and
fake news stories are written to
influence me is that they're aligned
somewhere when we think about all the
info we put out there and what it could
be used for well you would think there
would be a line but there's no evidence
that people are using apps less than
they were and I think people are just
getting used to you know thinking
they're going to have to be more media
literate I mean what we're seeing in
schools now is media literacy right and
people being taught how to understand
this and also what was fascinating what
was fascinating about seeing the the
clip there of Alexander Cogan is how
similar he looks to mark right and you
think good lord the future of our world
is in in the hands of these two young
men so when I think about Oh Facebook
has all of our most important data
you've studied the data what Facebook
and Instagram have and dating apps is
who I want to be who I pretend to say I
am to the world so the world likes me
but what Google and Amazon have is that
I'm buying you know tube socks
Underpants and you know athlete's foot
cream I might know but right it's like
like when you talk about valuable data
does Facebook and and and dating apps
and social media really have valuable
data or do they have our fake lies well
here's I think what's actually more
interesting than that is how is spending
so much time on these apps changing our
behavior there and that is what what's
fascinating and around love and around
dating it's particularly interesting
because dating apps are a fantastic
arrow in your quiver to meet somebody
but they can't be the only one and what
you discover and I've talked to hundreds
of women and some men in the making of
this book is how much time people spend
online to your point about data
matching with someone who they think
they know and then they have an
extraordinary sort of texty flirty
conversation which most people find
enormous fun and they can have up to a
thousand two thousand three thousand
flirty exchanges on text before they
actually go and meet someone and then
when they meet someone the person is
completely different from who they
thought they were talking to but isn't
that natural we're creating profiles of
our best selves that aren't actually who
we are well I'm really clever on Twitter
but but I realize well but also what's
fascinating and I cite the work of Mary
Aiken the cyber psychologist in the book
is that what happens when you're talking
to a stranger online and what happens in
a computer mediated situation is you
fill in the blanks with positive
attributes it's just what in fact it
turns out people do and so you end up
meeting someone who is a stranger of who
you think much better than perhaps you
should and it's leading to all sorts of
issues and actually the British police
who keep all sorts of data on this I've
discovered what they call a new sexual
predator and that's and they're advising
people in particular of the stats which
are that if you meet someone online you
have a sort of long flirty exchange then
you actually meet them in the flesh and
a bar restaurant whatever and then you
go home with them on their first date
you are more likely you're six times
more likely to be sexually assaulted
than if you have just met someone in a
bar or go home with them well because
they think there's a whole new layer of
sexual predator looking to sort of
entrap people and it's really
fascinating you know what else is
fascinating this book love rules you've
got to read it Joanna thank you so much
thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
