we understand by law you know don't talk
to us like we're stupid we understand
the law this is a moral issue it's an
ethical issue and the people deserve to
be comfortable and and have that kind of
peace of mind and get you know continue
with bottled water and filtered water
while we get through this process this
week the mayor of Flint said her city
will sue the state of Michigan after she
said Governor Rick Snyder rejected her
plea to continued free bottled water
distribution a rep for Governor Snyder
said the distribution continued longer
than they believed it needed to noting
that lead levels are now below the
federal action level Mayor Weaver calls
it a moral issue they gave us their word
that they would see us through this lid
and galvanized service line replacement
and that we would have pot stay open
until then and they backed out on what
they said and mayor Karen Weaver joins
me now and Mayor Weaver it's hard to
believe it's been four years since the
Flint water crisis began the governor's
office is saying that they are disputing
your characterization of them cutting
off the free bottled water distribution
early a federal judge has actually
denied an emergency injunction to keep
those what you call pods in Flint what's
going on here why is it that a federal
judge is siding with the state if you're
saying that you still need the bottled
water well you know I will tell you joy
one of the things that I've heard about
that case because I haven't been
involved in it that much but it was one
person that made the claim and I think
it needed to be bigger than one person
maybe it would have been different had
it been a class-action lawsuit I'm not
sure but that's why I'm still meeting
with our attorneys to continue our
conversation about suing the state
because one of the things I've always
said is it's a bigger issue than just
bottled water the people of Flint still
need and deserve more resources and
supports and are the pipes in going into
the homes in the houses in Flint
Michigan fully replaced at this point no
and that's that's the issue you know the
governor has said and tests have shown
that the water is testing better we
haven't denied
our issue is that we are almost halfway
through this lid and galvanized service
line replacement and while you have this
amount of construction going on we know
that let particulates can break off and
get into the system and so that's why
it's still a public health issue and we
have to protect ourselves and that's
what we were saying people in Flint
still need and deserve bottled and
filtered water our schools are still
testing not at the level we'd like to
see them so it's a big issue and it's a
big concern and like I said you know as
I was listening this is what we we were
told you told the people that the pot
would stay open indefinitely until we
got through this process and while
you're trying to re-establish trust and
you back out on your word you know it's
a bad thing it's a really bad thing and
Flint has continued to attract national
attention of course my colleague Rachel
Maddow spoke with you earlier this week
and has stayed on this issue
here's Michael Moore who was in town
with a film crew we're not sure what it
was for when he was filming but here he
is confronting the governor
and of course he was calling on the
governor to try drinking the water I
remember during the crisis the
governor's office they had their own
special water they weren't too hurt
drinking Flint water the people who are
the crisis folks in Flint um you have
said that in a meeting with the governor
himself he said that the people of Flint
should quote get over it
can you explain Specht that is correct
because you know I was I was laying out
the reasons that I believed it was
important for us to continue with the
bottled water and I was willing to
compromise I said I know the waters
gotten better and we started with the
replacement we've started that back up
this year and so we don't need as much
bottled water you can go from 8 cases a
day to 4 cases a day you can go from 4
pots to 2 pots but let's compromise as
we continue to move forward and that was
that is what I was told was to get over
it
and you know when that was said I just
you know I had some of my executive
staff with me and the president of the
City Council with me and I leaned over
to one of my executive staff I closed my
book and said this meetings over and I
shook the governor's hand and we left
and how long do you anticipate it will
be before the the citizens of Flint have
clean water coming out of their taps all
of the citizens well and that's what we
were talking about we're ahead of
schedule with the less service line
replacement we have this year next year
to complete to complete the process but
we have replaced over 6,000 of those
lead service lines and we've looked at
in addition 3,000 that are copper to
copper so that's 9,000 so we're ahead of
schedule and that's why we said we
believe we will finish before scheduled
but since this was the way we were
pushed you know there are bigger things
in Flint and there's bigger things in
bottled water that we're asking for
we're asking for bottled water but we're
also talking about you know when people
have water that comes back with high
lead levels in their home we know that
the in-home plumbing has been damaged
right we know that the fixtures have
been damaged hot water heaters have been
damaged we know that we have civil
liability property damage went down
during this time we've talked about our
reputation we've talked about loss of
population yeah and the tax revenue that
would go with that sure and let's never
forget that it was not the leadership of
Flint that made the decision
the water it was an unelected manager
who worked for governor Snyder mayor
carefully thank you very much for being
here thank you so much to you and the
people of Flint thank you more Amdur
after the break
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
