extraordinary well you know that of
course is in the eye of the beholder but
CIA director Mike Pompeo may not have
enough votes to win the approval of a
Senate Foreign Relations Committee which
is never given a Secretary of State
nominee anything but a favorable
recommendation in more than 100 years
Tennessee senator bob Corker has vowed
to take Pompey's confirmation vote to
the full Senate anyway the first time a
cabinet nomination would head to the
Senate floor without committee approval
in 30 years back to me now John
McLaughlin and joining us now is Rosa
Brooks former official at the Pentagon
oh come to you on this first Rosa
because this is pretty extraordinary the
idea that Donald Trump's nominee for
Secretary of State may not be able to
get out of committee but will still end
up being voted through on the House
floor what do you make of it no it's
it's as you said it's been a long time
since this has happened I think it
speaks to the extraordinary level of
concern that both Democrats and many
Republicans have about Mike Pompeo and
whether he is well suited to this job or
not obviously if he does end up getting
confirmed by the full Senate without
that positive committee vote I think it
is going to also reduce his ability to
function effectively as the nation's top
diplomat because the rest of the world
unfortunately will know that he doesn't
even have the confidence of Congress
back at home yeah absolutely let me read
you first of all who are the no votes
right now I'm so far there are 19
senators who oppose the Pompeo
nomination a few of them they include
Rand Paul who's very you know tough on
some of these more issues Chris Coons
jeanne Shaheen Tim Kaine Chris Murphy
Tom Udall to Cory Booker John one of the
sort of features of Pompey's recent
tenure as CIA director and there's a lot
about him that's controversial is this
trip he took to North Korea which may
have been you know Donal Trump had to
demonstrate his fitness to be a you know
on the world stage who knows what it was
about but it was a secret trip to North
Korea that then leaked out this is
Donald Trump talking about that I
a great deal of confidence in my craft
Niall I think Mike Pompeo will go down
as one of the great secretary of states
and by the way he just left North Korea
along with them really well really great
and one of the issues of course John is
that he used to be an advocate of regime
change in North Korea although he's
tried to soften that now would he make
it a secret trip well he has softened
that joy and I think this was a good
idea at this NTM to talk to Kim because
we know a lot about North Korean
capabilities their missiles and nuclear
weapons and so forth and of course so
does the CIA but I suspect even in the
intelligence world there is I know there
is great debate about exactly what Kim's
intent is what's in his head what kind
of person is he how does he operate how
does he think so it's important I think
that someone has gone ahead of the
president to get a read on that and I
have no reason to believe you know
whatever one thinks about Mike Pompeo
and I think he's done a good job too CIA
director by and large whatever one
thinks he's capable of coming back with
some some insight on that question I
think so it's it's a net plus what do
you make Jonathan stay with you for the
objections to him I mean they're a lot
right there are there's the idea that
you know he is considered to be very
problematic on Islam very intolerant
shall we say of Islam that his wife
Citizens for responsibility and ethics
in Washington has issued a foia trying
to find out why his wife has office
space and uses staff resources at the
CIA even though she's not an employee
trying to find out what her role is
there there's also the new reporting
that while his bio and a lot of his sort
of biographical information that's put
out there tries to sort of indicate that
he served in the Gulf War he didn't what
do you make of the objections to him
well I I think for someone voting for
Mike Pompeo and in the Senate
they've gotta weigh two things here one
is there are controversies like that and
I think some of them are justified
perhaps some aren't for example the
for issue I I don't know that he
purposely put that forward someone else
put it forward and I don't hold him
responsible for that error there were
those controversies now on the other
hand the State Department is in terrible
shape it's a ghost ghost town if you
walk through there
physicians are left unfilled
ambassador's aren't appointed so
senators have to weigh on the one hand
whatever their reservations are about
Mike Pompeo against I think the
certainty that he will staff the State
Department he will he will want an
agency that's fully staffed up to speed
vigorous active because that's where he
has been at the CIA and so those are the
things they have to weigh and I think by
and large he deserves confirmation in my
view that's a very interesting point
under also because you did have Rex
Tillerson who for a lot of people seems
to be dismantling the State Department
in a lot of ways there it did was sort
of turned to a ghost town so there is
that on the one hand that there needs to
be someone there for God's sakes right
we need that diplomatic corps to have a
leader and then here are some of the
more specific objections Chris Coons
who's one of the Democrats on Delaware
senator who's not supporting him this is
Chris Coons at voicing his objections
and he says I remain concerned that
director Pompeo will embolden rather
than moderate or restrain Donald Trump's
most belligerent and dangerous instincts
what do you make of that
no I think that's that's the big fear I
think John is obviously right that that
in his time at the CIA Pompeo has shown
himself to be a a pretty good
institutional player who takes seriously
his management responsibilities and
that's all good we need more of that on
the other hand when it comes to his
substantive views it's not clear number
one like many Trump appointees it's not
particularly clear that he has a spine
in so far as he has radically shifted
his own views in order to comply with
what the Trump administration seems to
one this is the guy who previously
denounced president obama for entering
into dialogue over cuba for entering to
dialogue with the iranians who
previously suggested that doing that
with north korea would be a terrible
mistake now he seems to be happy to do
it that's okay with me I think dialogue
is a good idea but it does raise
question about boy what are your views
actually if they're as bellicose as they
have been in the past then in
conjunction with John Bolton others that
that starts getting kind of scary I also
I'm not quite as willing as John is to
let him off the hook about the serve
during the Gulf War versus served in the
Gulf War business it's certainly true
that nobody is responsible for what
other people say about them and if other
people misspeak you know you're not
obligated to correct it every single
time on the other hand when over a
period of many many years in multiple
biographies New York Times articles
letters backing him by you know 51
members of Congress and so on a miss
truth about your record is repeatedly
stated at some point you absolutely do
have an obligation to say by the way
thank you for attributing this to me but
that's actually wrong and he didn't do
that which does raise some questions I
think that's a fair point I want to just
before we go um John I want to raise
with you just to shift gears just a
little bit Gina Haskell who would be
then Mike Pompeo is replacement at CIA
since you did this job in an interim
basis Senator Dianne Feinstein has
really expressed some objections to what
appears to be the agency clearing her
and putting forward information
favorable to her Dianne Feinstein says
it's completely unacceptable for the CIA
to declassify only material that's
favorable to Gina Haspel while at the
same time Stonewall in our efforts to
declassify all documents related to her
involvement in the torture program at
Gitmo your take on whether or not it was
improper is the CI inter exerted undue
influence here by only declassifying
information that would clear her on the
issue of torture well you know I do have
a view on this joy and I favor Gina
hospitals confirmation so I should make
that clear right up front I don't think
that's a fair charge by senator
Feinstein with whom I worked why
government and for whom I have a great
respect so respectfully I would differ
with her on that what the CIA has to do
in the case of Miss Haspel is to in the
case of a person who's worked undercover
as a clandestine employee all of her
life and about whom very little is known
they have to selectively make available
to the Senate and the public what they
can make available and I think that's
what they're trying to do also you know
I get impatient frankly with senators
who say all of this has to be
declassified they are entitled to know
everything there is to know on a
classified basis nothing is held back
behind closed doors they have all the
information they need to make a
judgement and I think what they're
sometimes pleading for is give us more
so that everyone in the public
understands so that we can make an
excuse for what we do or don't do
so I think they they hide a little too
much behind that issue we are out of
time but I just I just want to really
quickly with you John asked you should
we in the public be concerned you know
Donald Trump ran as sort of almost like
a dove almost right and saying well he
doesn't want to fight with the rest of
the world now he has assembled this crew
between Haspel Pompeo and bolton should
we be worried that Donald Trump is gonna
restart torture which is something the
American people vehement ly object to
that we were involved in during the Bush
administration know that that won't
happen for among other reasons it is now
legislatively prohibited also I would
just say as a no that's not going to
happen no one at the CIA would would
agree to do that for a number of reasons
among them the fact that when the CIA
did engage in that practice it was
judged to be legal by the highest legal
authorities in the United States in an
administration it was briefed to
Congress over to the members leaders of
the Congress over 30 times in the course
of 60 times in the course of eight years
and and yet when the politics changed
the CIA finds itself on the firing lines
no one at CIA wants to experience that
again all right well we we appreciate
that reassurance John McLoughlin thank
you very much have a great Sunday Rosa
Burks will be back with us in our next
hour thank you both and up next on am
joy the greatest threat to our democracy
it's the greatest threat to our
democracy and yet it's still hard to
tell if our government is doing much
about it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
