some important news from North Korean
state TV tonight they are saying the
country has now suspended their nuclear
and long-range missile tests Kim jong-un
saying quote every process involved with
nuclear development has been carried out
scientifically and in sequence and the
means of delivery has also been
conducted scientifically resulting in
the completion of nuclear weaponization
I'm reading of course from that
statement the idea apparently is if
you've completed your bomb you don't
need to test it in public anymore and
Trump quick with the response North
Korea's agreed to suspend all nuclear
tests and close up a major test site
this is very good news for North Korea
in the world big progress look forward
to our capitalised summit Wall Street
Journal reporting tonight that a senior
administration official urged caution
though adding it may be less than meets
the eye
whatever it is Donald Trump's immediate
Twitter response is a far cry from the
old Reagan approach trust but verify
I'm joined now by ambassador Wendy
Sherman a former US undersecretary and
MSNBC global affairs contributor if
trump moves forward in this way and then
would go on to cancel the iran deal what
would you make of where we're headed and
is this tonight based on what we know in
your view good news well i think mostly
this is old news
ari hmm in the sense that they haven't
been testing and i think kim jong-un is
playing his hand extremely well he's
starting out this negotiation by saying
I've made a concession I've done an
incredible thing I have stopped testing
of my weapons because I don't need to
anymore by the way and I am NOT going to
use this test site anymore a test site
that we think during the last test began
to collapse and probably might not have
been functional in the future anyway
certainly unsafe and China didn't much
like it because it was up near its
border and it was worried about the
radiation coming over its border so I
think Kim jong-un is playing this
extremely well he's gonna look like he
has the high road once he wants the
President to come to a summit he got the
response he wanted great news I'm
looking forward no comments from the
president well maybe I'll go but maybe
it won't be worth it I'm going forward
and as
the Iran deal is concerned if the
president pulls out of the Iran deal he
will say the US isn't a reliable partner
he will break the transatlantic
relationship and Europe will be trying
to keep the deal alive with Russia and
China and coming back to North Korea
itself indeed as you pointed out the
verification and monitoring is crucial
there is nothing more extensive than
what exists in the Iran deal that's the
template that what you need in North
Korea and I don't believe at the end of
the day that North Korea thinks
denuclearization means destroying its
stockpile of nuclear weapons and
long-range missiles hmm all very
interesting is it possible that Donald
Trump in his tweet is aware of the
history here of the testing issue and
that their their their claim of nuclear
progress and that he's sort of playing a
three-dimensional chess and outsmarting
the North Koreans just kidding I don't
think that's possible
what will happen now that he's tweeted
this I think what will happen is that we
will head towards the end of this week
to the north/south Summit which is
really getting ready for the Trump Kim
jong-un summit but the South is likely
to put on the table as we've heard a
peace treaty going from the Armistice to
peace well peace doesn't need troops
that are doing exercises and if you'll
recall the Chinese and Russian play all
along has been freeze for freeze that
North Korea would freeze its testing and
we would freeze our military exercises
we have to for our troops to be ready
and our troops to be ready with South
Korea under the unified UN Command we've
got to exercise we might change the
scope of those exercises where we do
those exercises but we have to be ready
because just moved in down this road my
final question you that is is there
anything in the fundamentals here I mean
what's actually real separate from all
of the talk about about talks that gives
the u.s. more confidence they could get
we could get meaningful concessions from
the North Koreans at this time given all
the past aborted attempts I don't know
to tell you the truth
I think it is a good thing that dialogue
is taking place
I want diplomacy to work I don't want to
go to war even a bloody nose strike such
as it is would be catastrophic
so we've got to try diplomacy we have to
put everything into it but this is going
to be a very long process this isn't
going to get over in one photo-op or
even two or three or four the Iran
nuclear deal took years this will take
more ambassador Wendy Sherman every time
I get to talk to you I feel like it is a
speed tutorial and it's very useful I
appreciate your time tonight
Thank You Ari hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
