absolutely I do I don't know the scope
of that indictment and I think that was
the point that I was raising in court my
own personal belief as someone with 18
years of experience who has some
knowledge of what's going on yes I
believe the indictment will be issued
within the next 90 days but if it's not
issued in the next 90 days that doesn't
mean it's not going to be issued what I
do know is the attorneys from the US
Attorney's Office in the Southern
District of New York are some of the
best most aggressive in the country and
they're not going to unseal an
indictment until they have it have their
ducks in a row that was stormy Daniels
attorney Michael avenatti making a bold
call on the legal peril that awaits
Michael Cohen this came as Cohen's own
attorney acknowledged in court today
this client may be indicted with the
next 90 days and the judge himself
indicated there is in fact a substantial
likelihood that Cohen will be indicted
Cohen is hoping to delay the civil
lawsuit filed by stormy Daniels to
invalidate her NDA and while no decision
was made on that motion for a delay
today Cohen was ordered to file a
statement with the court acknowledging
that this case could jeopardize any
chance he has of taking the fifth if he
is indicted by prosecutors in New York
joining us now is Renata Mariotti a
former federal prosecutor bet you were
drift white thought I was like sighs I
tried to dismiss and send away at the
end of the last block she's still here
thank God it's you guys I want to know
more not of just that answer me this
question this is a we focused a lot on
Michael cone we're gonna talk about
Michael Cohen in this case here and the
criminal proceedings at the criminal
investigation in the Southern District
but the stormy Daniels case just does
not go away what does this civil suit
and the motion that was heard today are
argued out today in LA and the lack of a
decision what does all that mean for the
stormy Daniels case and what does it
mean more importantly for Michael Cohen
and Donald Trump so Michael Cohen is
trying to stay in other words freeze the
stormy Daniels case and the reason why
is that if he was asked to testify in
the sir McDaniels case he might
implicate himself in the criminal case
so he would have to take the fifth and
in a civil case in a regular-- lawsuit
taking the fifth can be used against you
so he could be in this really tough
position where he either
to take the fifth and lose the civil
case or waive his constitutional right
and then being greater legal jeopardy in
the criminal case so he's asking the
judge to do that but he was trying to
have his cake and eat a - by not
actually putting in an affidavit saying
that he was going to take the fifth he
wanted his attorney suggested that he
would but he didn't want to come out and
say it because he didn't want all of us
talking about it on television I imagine
and the judge didn't like that he's
given him a little bit more time to come
out and say what is obvious which is
that he's gonna have to take the fifth
and so that's what's going on in the
star media annual suit right now so do
you think we're not I just stand with
you for a second do you think this judge
when all is said and done this judge is
gonna allow the civil case to the civil
suit to proceed in parallel with the
criminal investigation or do you think
that the judge is likely to grant a stay
of some period of time and maybe we keep
renewing that stay until the criminal
matters resolved well it seemed like the
judge recognized that there was some
very severe criminal jeopardy for Cohen
and in fact I think he cited the fact
that mr. avenatti conceded as much and
so I think he's going to stay at stay
the case he may decide some legal issues
related to the to the defamation claim
and nothing else
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
