which are now at near attainment she's
president Center for American Progress
but in this instance she was somebody
who saw her emails published widely
mostly by WikiLeaks she is not a party
to this lawsuit but I imagine she is
supportive of it and II retain and
welcome back to the show thanks for
having me so let me start with this when
I heard about this I wondered well why
aren't near a-10 and John Podesta why
aren't the individuals who maybe felt
the most damage filing this lawsuit why
is it an entity that's filing this
lawsuit well there were two separate
hacks so there's the DNC hack and then
there's the hack of John Podesta Z mail
I mean in a sense the Russians basically
stole his email so he would be the
victim I don't actually know why he
doesn't have his own lawsuit I would
imagine it would be a separate lawsuit
he's a separate victim but I don't think
that this precludes a possible future
lawsuit by John Podesta but you don't
have any plans on what yeah I actually
don't believe that I mean I was
obviously I feel a bit victimized by the
keeps having thousands of my most
personal emails that made public but I
don't think that since my emails weren't
stolen from me I don't believe that I
can bring a lawsuit but if people have
creative thoughts I'm open to trying
this is a this could play would be a
double-edged sword politically there's
gonna be some Democrats that say hey all
right why shouldn't you be focused on
the midterms shouldn't you be focused on
health care shouldn't be focused on
trying to do trying to spend resources
time and energy into that why are you
continuing to refight the last campaign
what would you say to that criticism you
know when I go out on the road I hear so
many people so many Democrats so many
progressive activists who are actually
worried about what's going to happen in
our future elections and so far because
of the failure of the Trump
administration to do anything regarding
the past election Russia has not really
seen any consequences so I actually
think most Democrats are gonna be happy
that somebody is finally sticking up for
obviously of the Muller
but we don't we don't have results from
that but someone's really sticking up
for the fact that the DNC itself was
hacked the democratic party was hacked
and if we want to ensure that our future
elections will be safe we need to create
a deterrence for them now when the
president attempts to interfere in the
Muller probe in various ways sometimes
rhetorically sometimes with veiled
threats many people push back on them
any Democratic lawmakers will say hey
let let the Muller probe run its course
many Republicans say that let the Muller
probe run its course
then we can have this debate why not
wait for the Muller probe to run its
course before filing this lawsuit I mean
these are two entirely different things
just to be clear I mean you're attacking
entirely different because the DNC
litigation does not interfere with the
Muller probe your what's happening is
you're talking about the president
United States trying to stop the Muller
investigation by firing Muller or
Rosenstein the DNC is simply creating a
separate cause of action for us to for
the courts to actually adjudicate
whether there was a civil RICO case here
and and obviously it doesn't stop the
Muller probe mother if he wants to quash
evidence he obviously can do that none
of this will interfere with that probe
this is very different from the
president of United States trying to
stop finding out what happened in
between him and Russia this is actually
trying to get what happened between the
Trump administration in between the
Trump campaign and Russia well look
there's the opposite I see well they it
is it is an election year and this is a
case that's going to take perhaps years
before you actually can depose anybody
and as we heard here all of the
different delay tactics that are there
that would that would continue to push
this off perhaps six months three months
etc down the road four different avenues
here so I guess with a president
determined to Politico does more
political doesn't this create a more an
atmosphere where it looks like boy
everything it's a it's a democratic
party pylon and you're conflating
everything you're sort of in
introducing throwing a match into the
politicized and polarized atmosphere
look I mean I just think it's I'm sorry
just ridiculous for Republicans you were
trying to fire the special prosecutor or
justify firing the special prosecutor
arguing that near discovery by the
Democratic Party as to what happened is
going to be some giant polarizing event
I mean I just think it's it makes no
sense what we're trying when I think the
Democratic Party is trying to do here is
actually just get to the bottom of what
happened if people didn't do anything
wrong then they shouldn't really fear
discovery there's no if there is no
collusion they should typically not
worry about any level of discovery and
so you know I think this is a situation
where we as the American people should
try to understand what happened it's
already a year and a half since the
election obviously we do need to I think
people want to know what happened well I
was just going to ask you this there's
one crime everybody agrees that was
committed and it was the stealing the
theft of these emails absolutely Muller
hasn't said who committed that crime and
and and it is and that's where my
question is do you are you confident you
have the right people that you're suing
I leave to the DNC whether they have
everyone involved I think part of the
discovery process well may illuminate
other other parties to this suit they do
would they do have the right people per
public reporting but you're absolutely
right there may be other people involved
I think that they have enough people in
the discovery process that they can it
may help determine who else is involved
all right Neera tanden much appreciate
it takes for coming out sharing your
views on that one thanks for having me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
