well let's bring in my panel Jeremy
Peters a reporter for The New York Times
Jeff jacoba Vitz is an attorney and
co-author of the antitrust group with
the law firm firm
Arnold golden Gregory Jonathan Capehart
is an opinion writer with the Washington
Post Matt Welch editor at large at
Reason a liberal monthly magazine Jeremy
let me start with you the president
tweeted this morning the memos show
clearly there was no collusion no
obstruction is he right is that what the
memos show I think that's a question Bob
Muller is ultimately going to answer
well at least try to answer and then
that's for a jury to decide it's not for
Donald Trump or the Republicans on
Capitol Hill who I think got a little
bit more than they bargained for with
the release of these memos remember it
was the Republicans who asked for them
now that they're out they really peel
back the layers of what anybody who's
known Trump or interacted with Trump for
a long time can tell you that he often
makes people very uncomfortable he will
often make very bizarre statements
statements that he thinks are funny
statements that he thinks are somehow
relatable like that that comment about
Vladimir Putin and the hookers and it
just leaves people on the other end of
the exchange coming away from it
thinking wow he's kind of a strange guy
and and that's what you hear I think the
bigger question Chris is whether or not
these memos and their release and the
Republicans pushback is indicative of a
broader effort to basically see a rod
Rosenstein and Bob Muller pushed out
yeah and and Jeff if you put it all
together request to let the Flynn thing
go repeatedly bringing up the idea of
loyalty we don't know what else
Robert Muller may know but is it
possible that this is just the way the
president does business or could it rise
to the level of a criminal act at least
as part of the case that could lead to
criminal charges well I think what the
memo shows is really the overwhelming
opportunity or possibility of trying to
influence the Department of Justice in
an investigation whether it rises to a
level of obstruction or not
commis not writing a legal memo he's
just taking notes so for anyone to say
well he didn't say it was obstruction
it's not his job to do that it's mullahs
job to do that and and this continuous
rants previous talk to Comey about the
FISA warrant Rosen sting goes to the
White House and allegedly according to
sources some sources
tells Trump he's not a target why is
this constant push with the Department
of Justice occurring and why are people
letting it go well one thing I think
we've learned through all of this is
that when something gets under the
president's skin he does not let go I
mean that loyalty is one instance the
steel dossier comes up at least three
times here's more of Rachel's
conversation with James Comey when you
were talking to the president about the
dossier he on his own accord brought up
other allegations that had been made
against him by other women during the
course of the campaign yes and was he
asking you to investigate those matters
was he why would you why would he bring
that up with the director of the FBI I
had no idea
it seemed off axis from what I was there
to talk to him about and so it was kind
of spontaneous from him I didn't ask any
question that elicited that statement
and I didn't know so is this Jonathan
just the way his mind works as Comey put
it it's kind of like a just jigsaw
puzzle trying to follow the threads yes
a jigsaw puzzle of a forest a
thousand-piece jigsaw puzzle it seems
look in the memos and in that clip we
just showed what we see is a president
of the United States who is
single-mindedly focused on himself on
things that might impact him personally
bringing up hookers unprompted with the
den director of the FBI asking him to
investigate it so that he can assure his
wife the first lady that there isn't
even a 1% chance that this is true what
we see in these memos is what we have
known now since the campaign and
is we have a president who is scattered
when he talks to people single-mindedly
focused and is involved in some really I
don't know what's the technical word a
key things well yeah actually somebody
wrote to me a text message yesterday
just with IC K that well choose
libertarian not liberal I think I
misspoke and I think your head might
have exploded but we've heard a lot of
this information before that's in these
memos but Comey says Putin and Trump
talked about prostitutes you just again
you're trying to wrap your head around
that Putin telling Trump we have some of
the most beautiful hookers in the world
and we actually have sound from Putin
last year who seems to be saying the
same thing I want to play that and get
you on the other side effects related a
beautiful rosetree is again a monster
jacket or a you know if you jury know
you know give woods animal Sargon is
that the organ is that say Congress of
Casati I chose a seven-week receiving a
enemy mirror as nature yes to demolish
at the third stage on visual what if
they just smash me yamir Spanish
necessarily distance cannabis only
engineer someone would show you know
some new expect reporter
I doubt from reduced social
responsibility to Poona back in 1990s
Central Europe where I lived we used to
call that communist language I mean it's
just it's this sort of a euphemistic
heavy adjective all like nonsense
bureaucratic language I I would hope
that the president had defended our
American hookers dammit in their face of
Russian hookers I I think that I think
that the broad political question that
we have here and you're right there
isn't a lot of actually super new
information in these memos but what the
president does is that he puts his
supporters in Congress in an untenable
position through his theory of the case
and his theory of the case is that
there's no collusion that this is a
witch-hunt a deep state partisan witch
hunt which itself is kind of incoherent
and also runs up against the problem of
if you have people including Mike Flynn
who have pled guilty to lying to the FBI
and other things like this so that puts
all this pressure on these memos to show
a whole bunch of stuff that they don't
which we also saw with anemias memo so
whenever these things come out they kind
of land with a wet thud and they don't I
mean you can see in the Republican
response here that what's more it's as
important what they didn't say as than
what they did you're admitting that they
don't actually say much to support your
case is that right is it as important
what they don't say as what they say and
obviously the Republicans are using that
as a defense but is there also
importance in giving credibility to
James Comey statements when he has
contemporaneous writing
yes legally what this does is
corroborate what he's been saying before
and and you know we keep hearing the
word collusion but presumably at this
point Muller is looking at conspiracy
not collusion and attempted conspiracy
and whether it be Cambridge analytical
whether it be meetings with Trump
officials and the Russians whether it be
contacts with WikiLeaks whether it's
trying to obtain emails where you know
Trump Junya and others had met with the
Russians that is what Muller is looking
at we keep hearing no collusion but what
we're talking about legally is
conspiracy and attempted conspiracy and
a
attempted conspiracy is a crime hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
