Comcast cares day is part of our
year-round commitment to making a
difference like with Red Nose Day when
we strive to be the generation that
improves children's lives and the global
citizen festival we can be the
generation that ends global poverty on
Comcast cares day it's our chance to be
the generation that helps improve our
world one community at a time go to
Comcast Corporation comm slash cares day
to learn more
tomorrow marks a big event here as we
celebrate Comcast cares day now in its
17th year it is believed to be the
nation's largest single-day corporate
volunteer event and once again the
initiative is locking arms with one of
the world's leading nonprofits global
citizen
it's all aimed at exploring new
opportunities for volunteering
fundraising and taking action to help
stamp out poverty joining us now senior
executive vice president of Comcast
Corporation and the company's chief
diversity officer David Cohen and CEO of
global citizen Hugh Evans also with us
host of MSNBC's politics nation and
president of the National Action Network
the Rev al Sharpton so start with you
guys what why do we do this as a company
so I think we do this as a company
because as a big company as a big
corporation we certainly appreciate that
we have a responsibility to give back to
the communities and to try and improve
the communities where our employees and
our customers live and work and when
we're organized like this and we can do
17 years of this incredible day of
service which has a huge impact on one
day but is really a celebration of the
fact that we care every day of the year
and give our employees an outlet to
volunteer you know we'll have over a
hundred thousand employees members of
their families and nonprofit partners
volunteering tomorrow and over a
thousand projects in more than 20
countries so it's really become a global
effort and part of that I tribute to
Hugh and our partnership with global
citizen and his ambitions to Toofer for
global citizen but for partners of
global citizen like us to help make
these efforts have a global impact and
not just the domestic impact you know
the the level of awareness that this
brings is so important the year of
Mandela campaign you know it's it's
striking to me how we don't teach our
own history in this country and Nelson
Mandela such a global figure his life
the impact his life has had and you're
carrying on that now
absolutely Mike so in his final speech
Trafalgar Square in 2005 Nelson Mandela
said this famous phrase he said we could
be the generation to end extreme poverty
he said that poverty is man-made and it
can be overcome and eradicated by the
actions of human beings that's why we're
so proud to partner with Comcast because
for the last five years global citizen
has joined forces with Red Nose Day with
Comcast and MSNBC to really drive
citizen action on a global level and
also in a local level the fact that
there's going to be you know the largest
single largest national corporate
volunteering event taking place tomorrow
powered by Comcast driving citizen
action in schools in community groups
you know planting trees taking action
for the environment but also for civil
society is really powerful and this year
global citizen has set out set our
sights on trying to drive a campaign
that really honors the legacy of Nelson
Mandela arguably one of the greatest
global citizens of our time so that we
can be the generation to end extreme
poverty within our lifetime rev we were
together as national this is the same
thing this is the same conversation
people are having everywhere these are
the conversations people are having in
their communities these are the
conversations that people are having in
the absence of a lot of leadership
coming out of Washington it seems like
these efforts are more important now
than ever yeah they are and at Nash
Action Network the other day when you
and others came like I was name dropping
by saying I got to be there so I pulled
back a little bit president Eyring this
morning Bernie Sanders and all because
people want to hear substance people
want to know how does it affect me and I
think that the magic of what is the
double global citizens and what Comcast
has done from a civil rights community
perspective when I first start talking
to David Cohen I was like okay right
but since I've had a show here and I'm
here every day this is part of the
culture people in this building and
around the Comcast world are excited
about
what they're gonna do April 21st this is
what I think the way we can bring the
world to where Mandela wanted us where
corporations don't become expansive and
influence you just for personal wealth
before purpose so that we have the
ability to do good and I think that's
what tomorrow and by the way are our
employees feel this as is the best day
of the year for Comcast because our
employees want to be out in the
community so we actually kicked off
Comcast cares day on Wednesday in
Philadelphia with a fantastic service
project at a Snyder youth hockey found
outsider youth hockey foundation hockey
rink we were joined by the Lamoureux
twins joseline and Minnie climber ooh
who are extraordinary young women and
who are we they were Olympic they were
Comcast sponsored athletes in the
Olympics and are maintaining a presence
with our whole company so mica just
named them contributors to know your
value right to add in for their
leadership in the gender equality space
and I was talking to Hugh beforehand
gender equality a huge part of what
global citizen is all about this year so
the opportunity to tie all these parts
of our company together to provide an
outlet for us as a company for our
employees to really make a difference in
the communities where our employees live
and work is fantastic because Marc
Morial that heads the diversity Council
all everybody sits back and says this is
the real deal and this is what we want
to see we all know that we've got
problems with the administration the
real question is what each of us got
maybe 30 seconds give us a great story
from last year how life changed but I
have so many great Comcast cares today's
stories but I was at a site last year
where we were building a computer lab in
a school and you know the kids are
around their parents are around we have
our technicians there and near the near
the end of the project I'm surrounded by
a group of the parents half of them are
crying do you have no idea what a
difference this is making
our community and without Comcast we'd
have no ability to have this level of
teaching engagement and helping to bring
our kids into the digital age all right
Comcast cares today that makes all this
proud to work here and work for you
takes place tomorrow one of the great
things about it anyone can take part you
can get more information at Comcast in
the community calm thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
