joining us once again James Comey former
FBI director the author of the book a
higher loyalty which is just out this
week in which you already can't get
because everybody else already bought it
but do what you can
director Comey thank you again thanks
for having me in the book you spell out
three reasons I hesitate to call them
concerns sir three reasons you had
worries about attorney general Loretta
Lynch when it came to the Hillary
Clinton email investigation one is that
you say that she asked you to call the
investigation a matter which instead of
an investigation there was the meeting
that she had with former President
Clinton on an airport tarmac which you
know didn't seem that consequential to
you but it did get a tide of critical
media attention which was important and
then there's something that you very
carefully described as an unverified
intelligence report suggesting that she
had offered assurances to the Clinton
campaign about the investigation
improper assurances or that she was
somehow controlling you with regard to
the investigation because of those
worries you basically the way you put it
is that you step away from Loretta Lynch
you announce the FBI findings in the
Clinton email investigation without her
the FBI separates her from her so part
of why you decided to do that was the
existence of this unverified
intelligence document that could have
cast doubt on her independence from the
Clinton campaign even though you didn't
think she really had that problem
did she ever brief her on that and give
her a chance to defend herself yeah
that's another one I can't answer I'm
very concerned and wrote this very
carefully because I I don't want to be
unfair to Loretta who I like very she's
a friend of mine over a long time and
respect and don't think she acted
improperly the problem here was there
was real material not bogus material
real material that at first I thought
would come out in 50 years when it was
Declassified
yeah and once the Russians started
dumping stuff in the middle of June I
thought oh man it's gonna come now and
it would allow even though I didn't
believe it to be true would allow people
to have significant doubts about whether
the fix was in in some way that the
Justice Department was in cahoots with
the Clinton and when you say it was real
you mean that there this was a this is a
thing that happened that Loretta Lynch
did know you know that's why we're very
clear about we had not verified that the
thing recounted in these documents was
had happened right but the documents
were real it was a real description of a
fake thing well I I believe it to be
fake I never saw any indication that
Loretta was compromised and had acted
inappropriately we never spoke about the
investigation after that call it a
matter conversation from the previous
fall the thing that troubles me about
that is it seems like even the way you
talk about it in the book sort of cast
aspersions on the Rhetta Lynch and
whether or not she was doing anything
wrong with regard to this investigation
she did take herself out of the out of a
loop in terms of overseeing that
investigation and you write early in the
book page 42 about a mentor that you had
in the Eastern District of Virginia
about a US attorney who you felt like
you learned from Helen Figgy Helen Fahey
you say she didn't care much what
misinformed people said about her a
lesson I would find very valuable as I
grew older she put the interest of the
team and the important job we had to do
higher than her own feelings or her
worries about reputation it seems to me
like with Loretta Lynch you worried very
much about what misinformed people we're
going to say about her
that they were that there was no true
reason to have concerns about Loretta
Lynch's integrity with that
investigation but misinformed people
would get the wrong idea and you took
action to account for that rather than a
truth well it may be in a slight sense
that was one of the bricks in the load
that led me to believe that if I do the
announcement next to Loretta it won't
have credibility the most important was
her decision not to recuse herself after
the airplane business and to say she
would accept my recommendation look I
get it which is why it's in the book
because it's true that this was one of
the factors that I considered and it was
but there but do you see what I'm
expressing is yeah we're here that it's
in fact effectively something untrue
about her that people would have
misperceived
ends up being a limiting factor in terms
of whether or not she's allowed to do
her job it's a little tricky though
because untrue about her I we had not
verified it and I did not believe she
had acted in any way in a program you
later investigated those claims though
in found them not to be true you
explained to George Stephanopoulos on
Sunday night I read the
yeah I don't I can't remember what I
said but any I'm trying to be careful
because I'm not supposed to talk about
our investigation but I don't believe
the Loretto dating improper James Comey
is the author of a higher loyalty truth
lies and leadership I'm sorry that I
asked you 40,000 questions that you were
not allowed to answer I am very grateful
to you that you sat here and were kind
to me about it throughout
thank you for your lifetime of public
service I'm sorry that the president
ended it the way that he did yeah me too
thanks Rachel yeah thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
