your president I will vote to confirm
judge cabinet that was the wind up line
to Susan Collins long speech in the well
of the Senate today and here to talk
about just what we have witnessed all
day long the Pulitzer Prize winning
author and presidential historian Jon
Meacham his latest book appropriately
titled
the soul of America the battle for our
better angels there sure was a battle
today John I was watching your live
contemporaneous coverage when Collins
stopped you said on the air that you
thought she moved this nominee to the
center she kind of made him a moderate
on the fly explain if you look at the
first opening section of the speech she
walks through issues at which she turned
judge Cavanaugh into a Susan Collins
Republican about Roe versus Wade about
gay rights a whole host of issues almost
as though she were talking herself into
the candidate she wanted to vote for and
the irony here the tension is the energy
behind this appointment was that he is
in fact a strong judicial conservative
he's not a judicial moderate and in many
ways this nomination was the fruition
because it is the swing vote of a
judicial strategy that's been really
born I would argue in the mid 1950s when
Republicans realized that they had not
gotten what they really wanted from the
Eisenhower's appointment of Earl Warren
and so the the cry for decades has been
not to be fooled again and then Nixon
dead from 68 to 74 he appointed four
justices only one of whom turned out to
be as conservative as they as the right
had hoped it was a Nixon appointee in
fact who wrote the decision in Roe
versus Wade then you cut to George
Herbert Walker Bush who appointed David
Souter and it was yet another example of
why conservatives believed they had to
have an absolutely pure conservative to
put on the court
and what senator Collins seemed to be
doing is saying you know what ignore all
that he's not that conservative he's
actually a centrist and that's who I'm
gonna vote for the question for all of
us now because 40 years of American
jurisprudence just got shaped today
going forward is which Kavanagh is going
to show up and be a Supreme Court
justice is it the Collins one or is it
the Federalist Society one and these
this a collection of human beings it's a
living breathing body full of living
breathing bodies stranger things have
happened than to have a John Roberts the
Chief Justice move himself even more
into the center John Roberts has become
the most important person in America to
some extent Roberts is now the swing
vote so the chief is now what Justice
Kennedy was and it'll be a fascinating
drama to watch the battle is over over
justice soon to be justice Cavanaugh the
war goes on and I think what's gonna be
fascinating to watch is to what extent
is the Cavanaugh who shows up and goes
to work at the Supreme Court to what
extent is that the Cavanaugh that Susan
Collins was talking about and to what
extent is at the Kavanagh who said what
goes around comes around
and gave that defiant and quite partisan
speech so defiant and so partisan that
he felt compelled to write an op-ed in
The Wall Street Journal on the eve of
the confirmation vote you know to clean
it up hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
