that Michael cone of the Trump
Organization was in Prague it turned out
to be a different Michael cone it's a
disgrace what took place it's a disgrace
and I think they ought to apologise to
start with Michael cone the they there
would be BuzzFeed that took a lot of
flack last January for publishing the
so-called steel dossier which laid out
explosive and unverified allegations
compiled by former British by
Christopher Steele concerning President
Trump his campaign in Russia and the
undercut the dossier Trump seized on
this passage which alleged the Trumpler
Michael Cohen at a secret meeting with
Kremlin officials in August 2016 in
Prague Cohen quickly claimed he had
never been to Prague and he sued
BuzzFeed and the firm that employed
steel fusion GPS claiming his reputation
had been damaged by the quote entirely
and totally false accusations
then last week McClatchy reported the
robber Muller has evidence that Cohn was
in fact in Prague in 2016 now NBC News
not confirmed this report nor has anyone
else as far as we can tell we don't know
if it's true but today in the wake of
the FBI raid on Cohen's office Trump's
embattled lawyer dropped his lawsuit
against BuzzFeed and Fusion GPS and
joining me now the man who made the
decision to publish the dossier BuzzFeed
editor-in-chief Ben Smith what's your
understanding the timing of the timing
of his you know i dropping a lawsuit
yeah I mean I don't I haven't talked to
haven't talked to Michael about it
though he is he loves to talk to the
press we're always happy to talk to him
easier now that he's not suing us but
yeah I mean I think you know one thing
that is clear in the context here is
that when we publish the dossier there
was obviously a lot of criticism
certainly including from for Michael
Cohen and questions I think reasonable
questions for I think people believe
that over whether was this an important
public document was publishing this in
the public interest he's been incredibly
clear over the course of the last year
and I get it seems to me clear to
michael Cohen's lawyers that question
has been resolved was that the question
the sort of case would ultimately turn
on yeah I mean I think the question of
whether about whether this was that this
was an important government document and
whether publishing it in the book was in
the public interest or important
journalistic and legal questions you
know I was one of those people who
thought you shouldn't have published it
at the time you know you still think
that no no I don't actually I think you
made the right call but at the time I
thought that be
precisely for this reason right I mean
there are people who were alleged to
have done things in there that they may
not be guilty of and now you got this
thing flowing out there with their name
attached and that's basically the
grounds on which Michael Cohen sued you
yeah what was what was clear to us at
the time and I think has become clear
it's you know this was this wasn't any
document with some allegations the
document had been briefed to to
presidents of the United States by the
top national security officials and
what's become really clear over the last
year and you know like the one thing
that Jim Comey and Devon Nunez agree on
is this document was really important to
the investigation it was involved in the
FISA warrant all sorts of things like
that so as you said some of these you
know these are like the Prague trip I
mean we we also have not been able to
confirm that lots of reporters chasing
it has not been knocked down hasn't been
stood up the fact the document was at
the center of a lot of what's been
happening over the last year is very
clear have you guys been trying to
confirm parts of the document yeah I
think you know starting when we got it
before we published it we've had weird
reporters in Prague elsewhere running
around trying to confirm it what is your
assessment of it now I think you know
they're obviously elements of the
dossier that have been that have been
confirmed you know they're elements of
their specifics including and and I
think as well as the big picture which
you know when Steele was writing the
dossier was less clear than it is now
that there was obviously an organized
Russian campaign in a lot of it
happening and you know like Facebook
groups and things to feed support for
Donald Trump that wasn't an obvious
thing to say when still wrote the
dossiers obvious any consensus now were
you able Michael Michael Cohen is a
notorious like the president he's he
speaks very insultingly of the press
often in public but he really likes
talking to reporters as far as I can
tell he does that essentially all day
were you guys like talking to him while
this was happening was he a source while
he was suing you this you know this was
this is something that our lawyers were
not necessarily thrilled about but you
know but yes Michael Khan I mean I think
something to understand about Trump and
about Cohen is they come out of this New
York tabloid world it's possible they
don't always exactly mean what they say
and so yes you know we I mean I think
our reporter Michael Cohen has always
talked to reporters he in fact while the
lawsuit was going on told my colleague
Anthony Cormier to tell me that he
thought I was doing a good job and that
when he owned
buzzfeed as a result of this lawsuit he
would consider keeping me employed
there's a certain milieu that is just
it's hard I mean you grew up in New York
City you grew up around New York Journal
I grew up New York City you know there's
a certain milieu of like New York
hustler like tabloid figures who are
both like suing everyone but also trying
to make deals of the same people they're
suing and then also talking to the press
about it that is that is so such a
specific type and so what Michael Cohen
and Donald Trump are yeah although when
you know when some of the things that
Donald Trump says about the press which
are which is easy I think for me for you
to see as kind of New York tabloid game
gamesmanship when you say it from you
know the Rose Garden I think a lot of
that audience your audience is not in on
the joke you think it's joke like when
he gets up there and he talks about
BuzzFeed being garbage which he did at
that press conference of course after
you published the dossier you think he
doesn't actually mean it I have no idea
what he means and it's definitely not a
joke when the president had state says
there were a lot of people that were
angry at you you got incoming about
publishing the document dossier from a
bunch of different directions right so
it has been used very cynically by
defenders of the President to show that
the whole thing's ridiculous because
it's on its face manifestly absurd that
the president hired two sex workers to
urinated on each other and over it's
called bed but there were other people
who other fellow reporters who are not
happy with that decision
yeah I mean I think there there's a
tradition in journalism that that really
comes from the notion that well you know
we control the printing presses
we control the broadcast pipes the only
information you're getting is
information that we broadcasters
newspaper printers decide to give you
and so there's a seraph idea I mean
crucially for sure I mean I thought that
is in the higher ed parts of the press
that it's not the universal tradition
right but but there's a kind of judgment
you make of you know this is something
everybody on the inside knows but do we
really want to share it with our
audience or maybe we should protect them
from this information I think that that
is broadly true that for better or for
worse
people you know the audience your
audience have to deal with sources have
been firm with source information that
you can't control now this document was
something different I think in the old
days these
argument which is this document is been
briefed to two presidents the United
States this is not some random scrap of
paper still holds I've said before on
the show there are two types of people
in the world there are people who
believe the compliment tape is real the
one that the steel dossier alleges that
there is compromising tape of the
president with two sex workers in a
ritz-carlton hotel room and people who
thinks it's not which which are you I'm
the third kind
I just I'm waiting on the reporting I
don't believe that you have a hunch you
know I think no actually I think I think
what the claim like you're being careful
and literally Ben Smith journalistic is
the word journalistic I guess but but
there's a we'll see I mean there's a lot
of stuff in that document that that if
it proves to be true would be one of the
most remarkable stories in the history
of Republic I think it's fair to say I
mean I think we've already seen many of
the most remarkable stories of the
history were probably play out over the
last couple of weeks Ben Smith whose
energy from buzzfeed great to have you
yeah Chris hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
