the FBI raid on Trump's lawyer Michael
Cohen has put incredible pressure on
Donald Trump and obviously cost him his
most trusted lawyer and fixer well
tonight we can report Trump is filling
the vacancy he added Rudy Giuliani to
his legal team today and I can report as
promised exclusively here on the beat
Trump is also now getting privileged
legal advice from a lawyer who
represented him at one point for a
twenty year span Jay Goldberg now you
may actually recognize him from a recent
appearance on the beat where he said the
feds have a major hammer over Michael
Cohen that bank fraud carries a penalty
of up to 30 years and a 1 million dollar
fine that's a very big hammer to hold
over a person that is the man of course
who preceded Michael Cohen as Trump's
key lawyer I also spoke to Goldberg late
today and he broke some more news about
the Trump legal team he tells me he's
not a former lawyer to Trump
he says he's currently giving President
Trump legal advice on the Russia probe
in fact I was asking about James Comey
and he told me he currently has
attorney-client privilege with President
Trump what about going I can't because
that's a dirty crying privilege right he
called me for his dice are you currently
representing him I haven't been retained
but I've never been maintained by him in
the 20 years are you giving him legal
advice on the molar matter when I gave
it
that's an audio recording of our phone
call he's telling me that he has current
attorney-client privilege and Goldberg
says he's advising Trump now on Muller
and that led us to some more topics
Goldberg telling me and he is warning
Trump that Michael Cohen may flip on him
and not only that he told me the
pressure of an effective basically
potential life sentence would be so hard
on Michael Cohen's family he says when a
guy goes to prison his family goes to
prison and he notes the feds might even
lead Michael Cohen to say misleading
things to her Trump that the pressure
would make Cohen start to think of the
ways quote he's been screwed the manner
in which he's left holding the bag and
why should other people be absolved when
he's quote innocent and that's not all
Goldberg also
brought up how Trump should be afraid of
one of Muller's reportedly toughest
prosecutors Andrew Weissman his name
well-known to trump defenders iseman is
a notorious notorious lawyer known for
abusive tactics and for weaponizing the
law in a ruthless and often unprincipled
quest to convict
he's a legal thug and has a long history
of abusive tactics Weissman should
resign immediately or be fired
immediately
Andrew Weissman not only needs to be
fired but fully investigated so people
who talk to Trump a lot are talking
about Weissman he's made his own
headlines for being a tenacious federal
prosecutor and flipping witnesses now
tonight again more from this interview
Goldberg telling me and this is the
first time this has ever been reported
or alleged he says that trumps White
House lawyer Ty Cobb got an agreement
from Bob Muller to keep Weitzman away
from Trump to be very unusual here's
this exchange in full Lawler has agreed
not to have Whiteside involved in any
investigation of the president who told
you that that was the White House lawyer
or a staff White House why was it Ty
Cobb yes
I'm joined by Natasha Bertram's staff
writer for The Atlantic and Maya Wiley
back with me Maya what do you think of
this news well one I think it's good
that Donald Trump is getting legal
advice we know he needed some more
personal lawyers not just the lawyers he
had inside the White House I think
obviously there's a lot in here that we
don't know so for instance it's a few
too many layers of here safe for me to
say that and believe that necessarily we
know what Muller is doing with his team
and who's assigned to what well I think
what's significant is number one this is
another lawyer who goes on TV who is
advising the president according
this lawyer The Wall Street Journal and
others have confirmed that he spoke to
Donald Trump within the last few days
he's gonna be I should mention on TV
again so he's out there in a very kind
of authorized way I will mention into my
caveats that the White House declined to
comment for this which also means they
declined to publicly deny it and the
special counsel's office Bob Motors
office declined to comment as is their
practice almost every time we reach out
and and if it's true that mr. Goldberg
actually advised the President to fire
rod Rosenstein that is also significant
do you think that it is telling that
there is so much concern about Andrew
Weissman I think it's telling that
there's concern about how aggressive the
investigation is related to Donald Trump
because I don't think it's all really
about one attorney on a very high level
talented team that has a very deep bench
Natacha here was the same lawyer Jay
Goldberg on the beat talking about
wisely if the deputy chief
Andrew Weissman is behind the asking of
the questions that is for the purpose of
setting him up because among the people
he's indicted it'll be one or two people
will be cooperating informer witnesses
other legal experts we spoke to said it
would be highly unusual if not
inappropriate for a prosecutor's office
to make their personnel decisions based
on what the subjects of a probe wanted
right it would be surprising but there's
also a way that Trump's lawyers could
maybe finagle their way into keeping
Weissman away from the president there
were communications that were void that
indicated that Weisman emailed former
Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates
congratulating her for opposing the
travel ban there's also evidence
according to The Wall Street Journal
that he attended Hillary Clinton's
victory party are you know that what
would have been her victory party the
night of the election so there may be
some allegations of potential bias there
that the Trump's lawyers may be using in
order to keep Weissman away and the
reason
why they're keeping Weissman away from
the president it's because they're
terrified of him he is known why are
they dare bite of him he's known as an
absolute pit bull he's known to be
brilliant and and he of course was one
of the top prosecutors of all the mob
bosses in New York City he also was very
instrumental in taking down all of the
players in the Enron scandal so he is
just he has a pretty pristine reputation
and the place where he could run into
some trouble is these credible these
these potential allegations of bias that
may taint his part of the investigation
the other piece to this is that he is
reportedly busy with the man-of-war case
so it is possible that Muller's team
would say something true like no he's
not currently involved in plans to
interview the president or do the
personal part with the president because
he's on Manta for without it being an
agreement what do you think of that
theory right it's definitely possible he
of course oversaw the raid into Angela
and Paul Manafort home last July the big
raid that saw the FBI agents going in
and taking all of the documents and
ultimately that helped lead to his
indictment so this is something where
they could have Weissman put on the
manna for dangle of this and not need
him at all for for the president angle
that does not mean of course that he's
going to be taken up the investigation
entirely it just means that he's going
to be focusing on something separate
which of course would not diminish his
importance in any way to the overall
probe hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
