in a bloomberg quote Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosa Stein told President
Trump last week that he isn't the target
that's a keyword of any part of Special
Counsel Robert Morris investigation or
the probe into his longtime lawyer
Michael Cohen after the meeting come
told some of his closest advisers that
it's not the right time to remove either
man since he's not a target of the
probes well one person said Trump
doesn't want to take any action that
would drag out the investigation well
this development comes after the
Washington Post revealed early this
month that the president still under
active investigation as a subject of the
criminal probe not as a target which
would put him in risk of an immediate
indictment as Bloomberg notes Rosa
Stein's message may have been based on
it's hectic County Trump may not
officially be a target but moer also
hasn't ruled out making him one of at
some point in the future or could it be
because the president cannot be
criminally indicted as some believe
meanwhile Trump attorney announced late
today that former New York Mayor Rudy
Giuliani is joining the president's
legal team how about that Rudy's aboard
along with two other lawyers Giuliani's
go at least he told The Washington Post
is to bring the Russia probe I love this
to a conclusion here's Rudy talking I'm
doing it because I hope we can negotiate
an end to this for the good of the
country and because I have high regard
for the president for Bob Bauer since
when do you negotiate the end of a
criminal investigation Rudy and return
me right now as a Republican congressman
who's co-sponsored a bill to protect
this special counsel
Charles Ted of Pennsylvania Joyce
Vance's of federal former federal
prosecutor and MSNBC legal analyst that
Eddie Glaude is a professor at Princeton
and an MSNBC contributor Eli Stokes is
an MSNBC political analyst Eli it seems
like the president faced with the
Hobson's choice if you fired these two
guys you're just gonna face a Nixon
style death basically politically and if
you keep them there they keeps coming at
you so every sign that he might not be
an immediate target of an investigation
he says okay I'll be quiet for a while
right he gets agitated and then he gets
calmed we've seen this pattern
behaviorally based on he you know he
reacts to the news just like the rest of
us do but he's at the center of it and
so after the Michael Cohen raid he was
really unnerved by that because
potentially the
FBI now has 20 years of papers detailing
all these trees worried about that
because something that Rosenstein said
them well I don't know but I think it is
reassuring to him to have Rosen side
come in and say look you're still not a
target of the investigation but I think
that you know if they really believe
that I mean the president has a lot of
allies putting pressure on Rosenstein
now on Capitol Hill they're still doing
a lot of things they're trashing him on
television on Fox News so they're not
acting and and even the people who are
warning the president about Michael
Cohen flipping they're not starting from
this place where they think he's
innocent they're starting from this
place of if he flips you're in trouble
so there's a lot of behaviors here that
when you look at the composite picture
you can still see a lot of nerves for
this choice I don't see how the
president doesn't know he's in Valder
investigation by Robert Morin roses tied
with his authority that he's not an
investigation with regard to the Michael
Cohen grab of all that material for Isis
he'll I said for 20 years he's the
target no matter what other language
they use about it they're going after
him and he damn well knows that my
question is why does he keep being
gaslighted by everybody like oh I guess
I'm okay now oh I'm not okay now oh I am
now in trouble now I don't get it he
seems like he's dancing some old cowboy
movie when they shooted the guy's feet
he dances around for a while that's what
it looks like your thoughts you know
based on what we know just from the
publicly available evidence about
obstruction of justice it seems likely
that the fact that Trump is being told
seeming it's accurate that he's a
subject not a target of these
investigations that's more reflective of
a decision within the Justice Department
that you can't indict a sitting
president then it is really a thorough
assessment of the evidence but Trump
seems to live in denial on these legal
principles he's never I don't think been
an accurate consumer of legal trends and
legal analysis and it may be that he
believes he can sit this one out and
Rudy Giuliani really can negotiate an
end to this investigation in two weeks
it really defies belief let's go back
you're the expert what does it mean I
mean if you're impressed if somebody's
looking at you with every 60 lawyers or
something looking at you're trying to
nail
you believe you are probably guilty of
something you've got the whole thing
with Cohen now with all that paper all
those tapes and everything ready to go
Adam and he thinks he can negotiate an
end to that what he's really talking
about well how do you negotiate the end
to a legal a criminal investigation of
any criminal suspect so I've got to push
back a little bit and say prosecutors
don't really try to nail anyone
prosecutors just try to untangle the
facts and the evidence and figure out if
anyone's guilty but you're absolutely
right
prosecutors don't negotiate the end to a
case until they've looked through all of
the evidence and here molars charges to
figure out was Russia interfering did
Russia meddle in our election there
won't be a pre negotiated settlement
until Moeller has fulfilled his
obligation to the American people to get
that one right that's yeah well
meanwhile it appears there's a new
effort underway now by Republicans on
Capitol Hill to undermine those in
charge of the investigation specifically
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
last Friday the Republican chairman of
the House Judiciary Committee
congressman Bob good lad
ask Rosa Stein to turn over the memos
that former FBI director James Comey
drafted after his interactions with the
president that's key evidence of course
in the obstruction investigation of the
president well face the threat of a
potential subpoena the Justice
Department is now expected to comply
with that request today according to
Politico separately The Washington Post
is reporting that Republican congressman
Mark meadows and Jim Jordan also met
with rod rod rod roses line this week to
press him for more documents about the
conduct of law enforcement officials
involved in the Russia probe they warned
roses sign that he could soon face
impeachment proceedings of him where an
effort to hold him in contempt of
Congress if he did not satisfy GOP
demands for documents mr. dent
congressman that what is your side of
the aisle up to here now they up to
anything good
you know they remind me at all those
guys at NBA games that get behind the
basket of the opposing team and waived
those stupid things in the air to try to
confuse them the foul shooter I mean one
could in your are you guys searching for
the truth or just to slow this thing
down well first let me just say any any
time
Congressional Committee request
documents the the agency or they should
they should comply now that said I'm a
little concerned about people throwing
the term impeachment out there of
officials in the Justice Department we
dealt with this with you may remember
the IRS commission or Koskinen there
were people who want to impeach him I
oppose that this is a serious matter
impeachment and and I think it would be
you know grossly unfair to talk about
impeaching you know either Rosenstein or
where mr. gray or whoever they're going
after it's just we shouldn't be having
those conversations it's not helpful and
they ought to cease and desist professor
Claude is this obstruction again it's
this what the Republicans are doing just
try to delay the strike waste the time
of the prosecutors the investigators so
that they can confuse the thing impaired
apparently I don't think they're gonna
stop motor I think they're gonna incite
him to be more more militant in his
investigation well whether one of the
Republicans up to it certainly seems
like it I mean when Mark meadows and and
and Jim Jordan pressure Rosen's not in
the way they do and the way they're
trying to do it seems to suggest that
there's a kind of pinch that's being
that's being orchestrated there's the
attack orchestrated attack on call me
there's the IG referral for criminal
investigation of McCabe it seems that
there is just at this all-out effort
this assault on on on on the
investigation to try to slow things up
gum it up as best as possible and to my
mind it's obstruction and I also was
just thinking about Giuliani I remember
the October Surprise remember he was
hinting that there was something that
the campaign was about to release and it
happened to be those emails I think so
it seems to me that this this is all
confusing and consistent with the idea
that Trump is trying to divert attention
and to things because our viewers
professor let's get back to that that's
a hot issue with a lot of our viewers I
know it's some time it was eleven days
before the 2016 presidential election
that Comey came out and said Hillary's
under investigation again because of
anthony Weiner's laptop or whatever that
he shared with his wife Huma Abedin
may have had some stuff on it was
pertinent was classified and should have
been there
so that launched a very bad 11 days for
Hillary Clinton Rudy Giuliani's you
accurately point out gave us an advance
look at that what do you think what
tells you why would Rudy know that Comey
was going to release that announcement
about Hillary Clinton it's such a
critical moment in the presidential
campaign that many believe including me
believe turned the election result in
that last week and a half there was some
reporting at the time that Rula Giuliani
had some connections with Asians FBI
agents in the New York push alerted him
to this fact
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
