originally Oni yeah all right president
has been looking for two - I guess
solidify his team former US attorney
from the Southern District of New York
so he's certainly experienced must
matter yeah he understands that kind of
that world he's also very close to Trump
he had been you know in the running for
a certain cabinet position Secretary of
State during transition Trump was you
know just talk that he wanted to replace
Jeff Sessions perhaps with Rudy Giuliani
so he's wanted him in his orbit he's but
also the president was at a point where
he was pretty desperate for anybody
really to sign on to his legal team who
has heft but interestingly his comments
are very conciliatory at the rudy we've
been seening over the last this was this
was Rudy Giuliani circa 2008 somehow I
think we're gonna be seeing some of that
footage of him at the convention when I
think the spittle was flying as he was
talking about Hillary Clinton and you
know when you're looking for a lawyer
yes you want a lawyer with experience
you want a lawyer with experience in
that job in that district where you may
be having some issues but you also want
a lawyer who is more sober minded than
the client more restrained than the
client I worry that despite this smart
conciliatory language that they could
end up spending each other up on it let
me take an opposite tack alarming I'll
say this Jay Sekulow can't tell the
president that's a stupid idea mr.
president Rudy Giuliani can say that's a
stupid idea mr. president yeah I mean
legal strategy sir and I do think he has
consistently been on the record saying
the Muller investigation ought to be
allowed to run its course and I think
this is a very important point in that
if he sticks to that point of view I
think it will be a healthy point of view
to bring into that orbit because
ultimately it's not clear anybody else
is going to be able to say to talk the
president back potential what Rosen
Stein for that matter right that Rudy
would be able to tell the Lord you don't
want to do that right sir president law
and the politics yeah he's and he has
the benefit of being someone the
president's so familiar with he was
around the campaign all the time and you
know so which also raises other
questions about where
he fits in in terms of okay and that's
Reggie Miller and that's what I'm gonna
get on the downside of this which is
Rudy was the guy that was rumor
mongering stirring the pot I hear my
sources in the FBI tell me this he was
the whispering of of what's coming with
Clinton and he had a there's that side
of Rudy which is I guess what you were
assuming sober-minded lawyerly counselor
type that you would be looking for if
you were in legal jeopardy
when he was during the campaign so which
Rudy are you getting I guess it's gonna
be the question for Chuck what my wait
my crack staff here already has sent me
a clip Giuliani Russia has had Clinton
emails for some time dated July of 2016
that gets to Carol's point Rudy is sort
of an unofficial campaign person may
actually no be more involved yeah and I
mean we're knowledgeable that involves
not the right word knowledgeable of what
happened during the camp in Lee has
insight into that and and and he has a
lot of equity in Trump world which is
going to be helpful not just in dealing
with the president but also folks around
the president the interesting question
here is is there a game of chess going
on in terms of Jeff Sessions and what
might be happening with Jeff Sessions
going forward shuffling around the
Department of Justice I mean this is
another interesting question sort of are
we well I don't know if he's auditioning
knowingly or not but I mean let's just
put all the cards on the table I think I
think actually if you wanted to be
Attorney General this would be a very
bad career move
for Rudy Giuliani if he has his eye on
that prize because that's going to make
it a little bit I can't omit look I
don't want to get into the confirmation
story right now but they're struggling
getting NASA there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
