have you concluded that it's not worth
the political fallout to remove either
special counsel Muller or Deputy
Attorney General Rosenstein I can say
this that there was no collusion and
that's been so found as you know by the
House Intelligence Committee as far as
the two gentlemen you told me about
they've been saying I'm going to get rid
of them for the last three months four
months five months and they're still
here and we now know as we learned from
The Wall Street Journal tonight that the
president's favorite lawyer Jay Goldberg
who the president told is the best
lawyer he's ever worked with advised the
president specifically on Friday to fire
rod Rosenstein a Republican chairman of
the Judiciary Committee but goodlet and
the house representatives is demanding
the Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein turn over memos written by
former FBI director James Comey which
the Justice Department says remain
confidential material in the special
prosecutors investigation Jerry Nadler
Democratic member of that committee says
if House Republicans refused any
accommodations short of the Department
of Justice handing over custody of these
documents which it cannot do I fear the
majority will have manufactured an
excuse to hold the Deputy Attorney
General in contempt of Congress if they
succeed in tarnishing the Deputy
Attorney General perhaps they will have
given President Trump the pretext he has
sought to replace mr. Rosenstein with
someone willing to do his bidding and
end the special counsels investigation
joining our discussion now Michael yang
former staff director of the House
Intelligence Committee and the director
of the national security program at the
third way and John Heilemann is still
with us
Mika your reaction to what you see
developing in the House Representative
some some extraordinary developments
including discussion of the impeachment
of a Deputy Attorney General along with
this attempt to secure a memos the
documents that are part of an ongoing
criminal investigation I find this whole
situation stunning that they would make
such a frontal assault on the rule of
law here the only reason why the House
of Representatives might consider asking
for something like the Comey
as if they were concerned that the
President of the United States had in
fact been obstructing justice one could
see that perhaps in a democratically
controlled Congress that they would be
asking for these exact same memos as
evidence for the president trying to
undermine rule of law but it's not clear
that these Republicans if they find that
evidence would actually do anything
about it
John Heilemann the Republican some of
these Republican House members continue
to push Rosen Stein try to push the
Justice mark with the FBI in any way
they can
that they think is helpful to the
president but that's not most of the
Republican members of the House no it's
not it's look I mean I'm not convinced
Lawrence I know we're both we both
become pretty cynical and I think
rightly so about about the Republican
caucus in the house it is it's true that
it's not most of them but I do think
that there's a that they've given
already that the House Judiciary are
that the House Intelligence Committee at
least the Republicans on it have given
Donald Trump a talking point already
which you saw him employ at the press
conference today the notion that there's
been no collusion that's been founded by
the House Intelligence Committee when in
fact there's an it there was no such
finding there was a finding of that kind
by the by the Republican members of the
House Intelligence Committee and I think
that the Republicans in general on the
house side unless less so I think and
hope on the Senate side although I'm
pretty skeptical about them too at this
point are constantly seeking to find
various ways to create a pretext on
which Donald Trump can act against some
combination of Jeff Sessions Rod
Rosenstein Bob Muller if he so chooses
and I think what we saw tonight it's
right to say that he would not commit to
not firing Rosenstein or not trying to
acquire Muller it's right that he was
trying to present a picture of calm
about it but we know that as with the
firing of Jim Comey when the day comes
when Trump decides to make a move on any
of these people he will do it in a fit
of pique and the one thing that we know
is that although his peak from last week
about roses Stein may have subsided
briefly it will be back the only
question is when let's take a look at
what House Republicans did while James
Comey was actually on the
view this morning they actually managed
to get themselves inserted right into
the middle of the program let's watch
this it appears that they are alleging
potential violations of the law
regarding the Clinton and Trump
investigation I haven't read it under
what to make of it seems they've been
saying that stuff since the Clinton
email investigation the accusations are
not true I guess I should have said that
first but right but that's okay that is
a letter actually that those house
members wrote that sunny Hostin had to
read on the air on the shows saying I
have this letter that was just drafted
and make an extraordinary moment and
clearly they were timing that they knew
what time the view would be on well they
are trying to get into the story and
change the narrative here what we see
from these House Republicans
specifically driven by Devon Nunez the
chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee is an attempt to try and be
running interference for the President
on this narrative to try and create
alternate stories that they can put into
this all to try and distract people from
the main focus which is did the Trump
campaign cooperate with Russians to try
and get Donald Trump elected and they
have no interest in trying to understand
how a hostile foreign power might have
interfered in the 2016 election they
only now want to try and distract the
American people from this question and
John Heilemann your assessment of how
Comey himself is actually doing as he
goes through this week in dealing with
this including this kind of incoming
fire that occurred literally while he
was on the view today I think he is
candidly at Lawrence I thought before
this book to her started that that Jim
Comey was gonna have a hard time and I
thought he was gonna have a hard time
because he is in a way a man without a
country I mean he's he's someone who's
faced these criticism from the left and
from Democrats who believe that he took
the presidential election away from
Hillary Clinton with his behavior in the
late stages both in june/july with his
press conference
he decided to decline to indict her or
try to recommend an indictment but also
trashed her and then of course in his
October more notorious reopening the
investigation ten days after election
day he has there's no way Democrats are
reminded by his explanations for what he
did which are unsatisfying to them
intellectually flaccid they violate a
lot of policy and a lot of precedent a
lot of Democrats are angry Jim Comey and
they've heard him over the last few days
they're upset of course Republicans now
have other reasons reasons that have to
do with the survival of donald trump's
presidency they are trying to trash him
too so it's hard when you go out into
this partisan environment to be a guy
like Jim Comey and then if you way
without any real fan base and you add on
top of that the kind of patina of
sanctimonious self-righteousness that
have come along with a lot of what he
said even people who agree with many of
the things he says about Donald Trump
find the way in which he presents
himself to be sometimes a little a
little bit condescending or a little
self-righteous is more of the thing that
kind of setting so I think he's he's
done fine but he's not exactly a guy
right now
who is finding a lot of public
commentary from anywhere that is
Foursquare behind him and singing his
praises at least to my ear we go yang we
have to go to a break but quickly James
Comey has said that he believes that
even if fraud Rosenstein is fired it
will not stop the investigation do you
agree I think that there's a real
possibility of that and what we saw
today was the New York Attorney General
Eric Schneiderman moving to try and
ensure that he could continue any
investigations even if the president
were to try and pardon people in this so
that people could be held to account for
what they had done so I think that
that's right that this cannot just
completely end and there are also
federal statutes that would prevent the
destruction of evidence and so it will
be very difficult to just make this the
whole thing go away
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
