and Senator Mike rounds of South Dakota
is a member of the Armed Services
Committee when it continued this
discussion of both Pompeo and then get
to another story that's out there
involving Syria the defense secretary
and whether there should have been
congressional approval but let me ask
you about Mike Pompeo there seems to be
a full-court press there's only 49
Republican votes it appears right now
Rand Paul appears to be somebody that is
going to vote against him does it bother
you that he can't get a majority out of
the Foreign Relations Committee it
doesn't really bother me i I guess what
the way I've looked at it is is that it
it happens every once in a while where a
committee won't have full support on one
on one side of the aisle but in many
cases particularly with one a gentleman
is qualified as Mike Pompeo you normally
have folks from both sides of the aisle
that'll consider his nomination very
favorably and you know he got he got 14
Democrat votes to be director of the CIA
so I think when the president takes a
look at Mike Pompeo I think he thought
that that you know the our Democrat
colleagues would would probably look
pretty favorably on him to begin with so
I'm still optimistic I think we'll be
able to get there and right and most
certainly you know Senator Paul has his
own reasons for why he's disagreeing in
this particular case but I really
thought there was a good chance that we
get more than one or two of our Democrat
colleagues to come on this particular
nomination as well I think we I don't
think that vote counts been done I'm
very curious what some of these red
state Democrats might do at some point
on this but let me ask you this senator
menendez among others has expressed some
concern that they didn't think Mike
Pompeo expressed enough willingness to
be independent at the State Department
if that was necessary is that a concern
of yours at all it is not I think mom
Mike Pompeo first of all as a man of
principle
I think he understands that he does work
with the president it√≠d States and
really for the person United States as
long as he's in that position but that
doesn't mean that he won't express his
own point of view and I and I think he's
a strong enough man to where he clearly
will be able to go back to the president
and tell him when he disagrees with him
and the direction that he feels they
should move I think you will find that
the president appreciates his point of
view already or he would
making this nomination and he does come
with a background that says he
understands the need to have a strong
position which is something the
president has has always suggested as
well all right I want to go to this
issue of defense secretary mattis and
they all Center all members briefing
that you guys got yesterday on the
series strikes is that your
understanding or not did secretary
mattis say he preferred congressional
approval for this or not I'm sorry say
that again did secretary make it clear
that he thought there may be should be
congressional approval for these strikes
or not I'm not let me begin by this I'm
not gonna go in to the discussion that
specifically that we had but I will tell
you that I received no indication
personally mm-hmm that he felt that that
was a necessity in fact and in a broad
sense the discussion that we had was
very clear their understanding about the
specific security needs of the United
States right and the need to respond to
a chemical weapon and the need to
recognize that as being in the interest
of the United States long term because
we can't have chemical weapons on the
battlefield and so that part I think was
made very clear during the discussion
from what it's worth the White House has
put out a statement via the White House
press both saying the following reports
that secretary mattis urged the
president to seek congressional approval
before last week strikes in Syria
categorically false as secretary mattis
explained to Congress in yesterday's all
member briefs the president
appropriately ordered the strikes under
his constitutional authority so look I'm
not gonna get into whether there's a
parsing here of the specifics of how
she's answering this question but let me
ask you this had these strikes been
wider then would in your mind would the
president need congressional authority
what's the line in your mind where you
think you need to cast a vote to give
the president authority on strikes in
Syria I I think your question is a
really good question and specifically if
this would not have had chemical weapons
in it I think that that particular issue
would have had to have been part of the
discussion if you were talking about
regime change as an example that's not
part of the current AUMF and in my
opinion and so you know there's going to
be a discussion about an AUMF and about
whether or not it should be expanded
changed and so forth it's going to be
very healthy discussion to have it's one
that should be upgraded but clearly in
this particular case the AUMF that we've
got right now fighting terrorism and so
forth that part we do have about 2,000
folks in the country right now in that
area not in the area surrounding this
area but in Syria that are fighting
terrorists and clearly that's covered
under the AUMF but in terms of our
national security interests and right
that there have been chemical weapons
used and there's no question in my mind
that there were chemical weapons used on
more than one occasion this particular
case we could clearly identify it why we
had to respond why our deaths via
chemical weapons more disturbing to us
and make us act versus death by carpet
bombing I mean Minoo I look to the
person on the ground who died they don't
know the difference and I know him why
do we draw that distinction it I I think
this is where we go to begin with back
in World War one when the use of
chemical weapons was was very active
there was a discussion among all of the
civilized nations about whether or not
this should be something in in war as
well at that point the countries decided
that absolutely we're going to eliminate
chemical weapons from the battlefield
when that decision was made it was
accepted and it has for the most part
been honored when you go against that
ban and you start doing that think about
the atrocities that can occur if other
rogue nations decide that if if one can
do it others can do it as well
you know you Chuck Chuck we may be
talking about the fact that yeah if
you're dead from a carpet bomb versus a
chemical bomb neither one is is good and
neither one should be acceptable for
civilians but none and and we do our
best not to impact civilians whenever
possible but the fact that you use this
this chemical weapon which does not know
the difference between someone in a
uniform and someone in not well then
then let me ask you this question
it's not a lot we did not eliminate the
chemical weapons threat with Syria we we
damaged it but we didn't eliminate it do
you think we should have the difference
on this is is is that chemical weapons
can be reconstituted they can be rebuilt
but
we'll tell you we did significant damage
to their ability today to deliver
chemical weapons fair enough Senator
Mike rounds Republican from South Dakota
Armed Services Committee thank you very
much for coming on sharing your views
much appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
