Tuesday morning passengers boarded
Southwest flight 1380 from LaGuardia
Airport to Dallas Love Field that's
where Southwest Airlines is based the
departure was set for 10:30 a.m. the
Boeing 737-700 version carried 144
passengers and five crew that's a full
complement by the way that's as full as
that plane gets and it prepared to
depart for Dallas Love Field as the
plane lifted off passengers settled in
for the trip they expected it to last
just over four hours it's a routine run
for the airline it's taken by hundreds
of passengers if not thousands every
week flight tracking data shows the
plane taking off heading over eastern
Pennsylvania climbing to an altitude of
just over 32,000 feet when about 20
minutes into the trip every passenger
and the pilots worst nightmare happened
there was an explosion when the engine
winds and so I hear this noise and
everything shakes up and I look outside
and it's totally broken apart folded
back on itself
the mass came down and before putting on
their masks and basically I think all of
us thought this might be it there was so
much commotion from the passengers at
that
from then on kind of thought that that
was it take a look at this picture as
the plane was in the air the left engine
exploded when one of the engines 24 fan
blades ripped free the plane quickly
descended 15,000 feet in a very short
amount of time this is what the engine
looked like when it was on the ground
you do not have to be an aviation
enthusiast like me to know that no
engine should ever look like that a
piece of engine cover found 70 miles
away in Bernville Pennsylvania but in
the moments after the explosion the
passengers had no way of knowing what
was going on you'd heard it described
that the oxygen masks fell from the
ceiling then even more horror and then
all of a sudden and there was a really
big commotion about four rows back
behind me was a lot of chaos back there
lots of really upset people and a lot of
noise and a big rush of air you hear the
pop and she was sucked out from the
waist up up there was blood on the
windows
was because of their body and her arms
were actually out of the airplane and
her head was out of their plane
there's a panic was the window broke and
she was out of the window
everyone kind of rushed in to pull er
back into the plane when we saw the
window was gone
somebody saw the lady out the window so
just firemen from Celina Texas jumped in
there and health in between the two of
us were able to get her back in Wow
Jennifer Reardon this woman a Wells
Fargo employee from Albuquerque New
Mexico a mother of two violently ripped
from her seat after passengers pulled
her back into the plane and nurse and an
EMT on board performed CPR
unsuccessfully as the pilot quickly and
professionally coordinated with air
traffic controllers to get that plane
onto the ground 1380 I understand your
emergency let me know when you want to
go in yeah we have a part of the
aircraft maybe Sylvan anything flowed
out of it Southwest 1380 speed is your
discretion maintain any altitude above
3,000 feet 1380 turn start turning south
down there there's a south of 77 on a
full my final returning southbound
looking to the airport it's off to your
right and slightly behind you there and
altitude is your discretion use caution
for the downtown areas okay could you
have the medical status there on the
runway as well we've got your passengers
your passengers okay and are you as your
airplane physically on fire so it's not
a fire but part of it amazing as you see
there the the pilot declared an
emergency she was told to maintain above
3,000 feet that's because she was coming
into Philadelphia those of you who know
Philadelphia know that the airport is
very very close to downtown there are
tall buildings once she explained what
had happened the controller said
altitude your discretion get on the
ground basically that was the voice of
Tammy Jo Schulte she was the pilot of
the flight 1380 she has been with the
airline since 1994 according to
Southwest CEO but if you're wondering
how a pilot gets those nerves of steel
before joining Southwest she'll served
as a naval aviator one of
the first women to fly fighter jets she
eventually flew f-18 Hornets and trained
other pilots on them this is the kind of
person you want in the cockpit if there
is an emergency and there's no mergency
that's a serious as an engine going out
safely on the ground in Philadelphia
passengers praised Shults cool poised
they were having to drop the plane
20,000 feet in five minutes you know
come to find out and
the pallets
I don't know how they did it we had a
very good landing and the pilot was a
veteran of the Navy she had 32 years in
a woman and she was very good
the pilot was amazing for her she land
us safely with no hydraulics and an
engine out was a miracle tammyjo that is
one extraordinary remind you of sully
right that these pilots that we get on
planes and we take for granted all the
time when stuff happens that serious
they keep their calm you heard her voice
it was calm she knew what she had to do
and she put that plane on the ground
safely amazing
