Shawn I do want to say that I really
think that you should have disclosed
your relationship with Cohen when you
talked about him on this show the nature
of it professor I'll deal with this
later I understand it was Sean Hannity
taking heat from all sides for hiding
some of his links to Trump lawyer
Michael Cohen that was legal scholar
Alan Dershowitz speaking truth to
Hannity last night and tonight Pandey is
actually in additional hot water because
he used other Trump link lawyers who
appear on his show without apparently
disclosing their work including Trump
defenders on Fox like Victoria Town
Singh and the top Trump lawyer left on
Donald Trump's Russia defense team Jay
Sekulow who joins Michael Cohen in what
is now apparently a secret Club of
Hannity guests who do legal work for
Hannity here is handy interviewing
Trump's lawyer who is also his lawyer
about Trump in the Russia probe so let
me guess so now they're going to go into
finances and the fact that Donald
Trump's sold a a property to some
Russian oligarch in what 2008 and made a
profit because the Russians knew then
he'd run for president win is that how
so well that is so beyond the mandate
that is in existence for the special
counsel that our position would be they
cannot reach any of those issues I'm
joined now by the man you just saw on
television Alan Dershowitz professor
emeritus at Harvard Law School and the
author of trumped-up how the
criminalization of political differences
in dangers democracy and I want to
mention in a few minutes I'm also gonna
speak to our other legal friend Maya
Wiley a former counsel to the mayor of
New York City but I begin with you
professor Dershowitz you told me to call
you al and sure I want to say to get it
out of the way to the best of my
knowledge you're not my lawyer well we
can talk about that but you know people
come to me every day
hand me a dollar on the street or at
cocktail parties and say I just need you
to give me a little bit of legal advice
about my brother-in-law and I say having
taught legal ethics for 35 years no I
don't give legal advice to anybody
except that they're my client right we
need a retainer agreement that nefb for
money I do half my cases pro bono but we
have to have
an agreement that I will not disclose
what you've told me last night you made
the point we just showed about Michael
Cohen tonight we learned that Sean
Hannity also used the legal services of
Jay Sekulow should he have disclosed
that yes I think you make full
disclosure
when in doubt having said that I don't
think anybody believes that Hannity
would have said or done anything
different had he never met Michael Cohen
had he never met Jay Saco Hannity is
Hannity he's gonna do anything to defend
Donald Trump into attack mode everybody
knows that so he didn't substantively
deceive his audience but he should have
made the disclosure why do you think
he's employing so many lawyers who also
work for the president oh because they
all have the same interest they all love
Donald Trump he can do no wrong and
they're part of a club I'm not part of
that Club you know people try to lump me
together with these people I am an
independent defender of the Constitution
I am free to criticize Donald Trump as I
have for example when Trump sent out a
tweet saying come√∂ to go to jail i
railed at president trying to say you're
doing the same thing they're doing to
you you're trying to criminalize
political differences no Comey ought not
to go to jail and neither should you
there is something a little different
though which is unlike most Americans
perhaps because of your career and
status you do dine with the president
which I believe you did recently and I
saw on Fox News I'm gonna play this as
well because it's consistent with the
point you raised when asked about advice
to the president you explained the only
way he's gonna get your your
quote-unquote advice take a look look I
don't give a advice to the president
except on television if he wants to
listen he can listen if he's watching
Fox or the beat he does hear from you
though what what is most important that
he do in the middle of this Mull
approach well first of all I was on
television about Clinton I've been on
television about everybody who has been
charged with crime and people can listen
or not listen look what I said on
television is don't pardon don't fire
don't tweet and don't testify very
simple advice that's for don't
well the testifying is really important
because we now learned a secret from
Comey
here's his secret he said
why did I write an exoneration letter of
Clinton before we even interviewed oh
well he said an investigation we make up
our minds first we figure it out and
then we bring in the person like Hillary
Clinton with Donald Trump
to see if they're gonna lie Comey is
telling Trump he did write that in the
brain that he's telling Trump if you
come and testify it's only because we
want to put you in a perjury trap that's
a very good argument but why Donald
Trump should not speak to special
prosecutors if he can avoid it
well prosecutors as you know say that
they're not looking to do a perjury trap
just because they want to test someone's
veracity let me play something else to
James Comey said that's turning a lot of
heads as he's on this book tour because
he is of course involved in the Moller
probe he's a German major witness and no
one can prejudge what they find and what
should be done about it I think at the
service agent one responsible and yet
James Comey just said this I think
impeaching and removing Donald Trump
from office would let the American
people off the hook and have something
happen indirectly that I believe their
duties bound to do directly people in
this country need to stand up and go to
the voting booth and vote their values
does he show poor judgment this week in
weighing in that way when the probe
isn't over and he's a witness absolutely
and if I were Donald Trump's lawyer
which I'm not I would be jumping up and
down for joy about commis booked orcas
he's gonna have to be cross-examined and
you love to cross-examine a witness
who's written a book who has manuscripts
earlier drafts of the book who is being
paid to write the book it is the joy of
a criminal defense attorneys day when he
can get to cross-examine a witness who's
exposed himself in this if you're right
that Comey is hurting himself and I have
reported on this show about some of the
apparent lapses in judgment based on his
own writings in the book why do you
think he's doing this well I think he
needs to Ben Decatur himself look I
understand being hated by both sides
believe me but he's being hated with a
passion you feel that you have haters oh
I know I have haters you should read my
emails the Trump people don't think I'm
supportive enough of Trump and my old
on the left think I'm a Trump lapdog
whoever tell them don't hate the player
don't hate the lawyer hate the game I
talked about McCarthyism a lot that when
I defend the Constitution you know I
started when I was in Brooklyn College I
defended the right of Communists to
speak I hated communists and they called
me a communist that McCarthy i'ts did
then I defended the rights of Nazis to
march through Skokie they call me a Nazi
I defended the rights of unpopular
criminals I'm a murderer
that's McCarthyism now however the
enemies of McCarthyism are really
against me because I'm supporting the
Constitution remember it was HL Mencken
who said first they come after the SOPs
they established the precedents and they
use them against the rest of us and it's
a point many free speech litigators make
I want to play for you you know the ACM
let me let me play for you speech
litigate well before we go there let me
play for you Michael avenatti
who's another lawyer who does appear on
television I don't know if you've seen
his work yeah but he's making some big
claims I want to get you two handicapped
sure here he was today where is the
intersection between your case
specifically which is about in
validating an NDA and that raid on
Monday well it could be by way of money
laundry it could be with my way a bank
fraud or it could be by way of campaign
finance violations as it relates to this
130 thousand dollar payment Al Capone
was not convicted of murder he was
convicted of tax evasion he's in a civil
matter involving the president and
Michael Cohen what do you think of him
weighing in on this other criminal case
and what do you think of Michael Evan
odd he's lawyering up to this point well
he's making my point completely that is
you can find crimes anywhere if you look
hard enough he's already looking and
finding crimes money laundering bank
fraud what else you know you can find
crimes if you look hard enough it was I
think burial of Randy berry the head of
the KGB who said to Stalin show me the
man and I'll find you the crime special
prosecutors complaining like 1192 the
KGB no no no I'm not I'm just saying you
can find crimes
that's why civil libertarians have to be
concerned is he being an effective
lawyer here he is
he's being a tough lawyer effective
lawyers representing his client and he's
absolutely right
civil matters can turn into criminal
matter
ask Bill Clinton and before I let you go
and also turn to my Wylie for her take
on much of this I have to get into the
famous collusion question because you
have argued very forcefully and on the
beat special we did about this as you
may recall that people overstate
collusion as a process that is in a
crime but take a look at this new report
in McClatchy which NBC I want to be very
clear has not verified that says they
have sources about Muller finding
evidence that Michael Cohen did go to
Prague during the campaign where there
is an allegation that he may have
strategized with a Kremlin figure about
Russian meddling including potential
felonious email hacking if that kind of
thing comes on the board if there's
evidence of that would you say that is
the kind of crime that's connected to
collusion let me tell you that it
depends on what he means by Russian
hacking if the Russian hacking already
occurred and the Trump campaign said oh
you've hacked give us the information we
want to use it that's like the New York
Times publishing Manning Snowden and the
Pentagon Papers if on the other hand he
said hack let me tell you who to hack
here's the Republican the Democratic
National Committee
of course that's accessory to a felony
that would be accessory to felony that's
Professor Alan Dershowitz we always
learn a lot from you hearing about you
hearing about your haters hearing your
analysis I appreciate you coming on the
beat sir Thank You Maya I want to turn
to you we went through a lot
picking up though on the prog point this
is a place where Michael Cohen could
have exposure that relates back to the
thing that Muller is investigating
absolutely and first of all he also may
have a perjury charge or charges added
depending on what he had said under oath
around Prague he's actually been quite
vocal about saying I didn't do it I
didn't go we don't know and I think it's
important to say we don't know but
certainly if he did go then the question
is what happened there what were the
conversations it's it's going to be a
long process and I think it's critically
important that we do let the process
play out without making conclusions but
I would say Michael Cohen has a lot to
worry about and what do you think about
Sean Hannity employing or having legal
work done by so many Trump lawyers which
is something I just didn't know we were
covering tonight well there's nothing
illegal about who you choose as your
lawyer short so I think first of all we
want to make sure we're not conflating
that with the criminal investigation
unless or until some additional
information comes forward I think the
fact that Sean Hannity did not disclose
is in and of itself very problematic for
our democracy and for the notion that we
will be told what kind of relations
people have when they're commenting I
certainly agree with with mr. Dershowitz
that there's no secret to who Hannity is
friends with or not friends with it's
not really a closed secret but it's
still important I think that we hold
journalistic ethics just like we hold
legal ethics just like we hope let me
ask you about protect about something I
was learning about tonight I the best
part of coming on the beat is you learn
things what do you think about
Dershowitz is for laws for Trump who is
known to watch television so he may have
heard the laws don't tweet don't pardon
don't testify and don't fire prosecutors
I think it is very sound advice
if I were Donald trum has been saying
all of the above to him quite frank all
the above but he doesn't follow it but
he hasn't followed it and I think it's
all you have to do is read news reports
to know he would be in a stronger
position today if he followed those
three pieces of advice final word before
we go well if he hadn't fired call me we
would not be sitting here and be right
in this way but I do think that the
defense team has been focusing too much
attention on the Comey investigation of
obstruction of justice and collusion
where I don't think he has as much
vulnerability as the potential
vulnerability for pre presidential
activities of a business and an
allegedly sexual nature that's where
it's probably just briefly I do want to
say though this is where I do disagree
with you mr. dersh woods because I think
there really is a lot more indication
that they may they may or may be some
serious crimes here that have been
committed and that it is critically
important I think we would still be
seeing here if Comey had not been fired
I just think the obstruction charge
would not be one of the charges right
but there may not have arisen a special
counsel I want to give my thanks to the
law firm of Dershowitz and Wiley tonight
Thank You wily endure - it's even better
thank you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
