turn to some politics now the internal
fallout from the mixed messages out of
the Trump administration continues to
spill out into public yesterday we told
you about president rough night
following through with new sanctions
against Russia relating to its support
of the Assad regime which UN ambassador
nikki Haley had announced just 24 hours
earlier Trump's new director of the
National Economic Council Larry Kudlow
told reporters yesterday that ambassador
Haley may have had quote some momentary
confusion and that she quote got ahead
of the curve ambassador Haley responded
to that in a statement to Fox News
saying simply with all due respect I
don't get confused Kudlow reportedly
later apologized to Haley telling in New
York Times he was quote totally wrong
and adding that the policy was changed
and she wasn't told about it so she was
in a box several officials also tell The
Times the White House did not inform the
ambassador of the change of plans
it's pretty extraordinary so far Nora
Nora often they have we don't see a lot
of cabinet officials we don't see White
House officials publicly crossing the
president crossing the White House in
the way that nikki Haley did but she
feels like she was hung out to dry she
was given a message she wasn't told that
it was changed there also appears to be
according to a lot of the reporting a
personal element to this that President
Trump is beginning to get annoyed with
the high profile of nikki Haley yeah
there was a remarkable little graph and
I think it was a twenty fourth graph of
a New York Times story on this that said
Republicans close to the White House we
are beginning to wonder whether or not
nikki Haley and and Vice President Mike
Pence might form in 2020 to get in the
event that Donald Trump isn't a viable
option at that point which I can't I
can't think of anything that would
frustrate the president more and make
him more likely to lash out nikki Haley
was put out to dry hear that we're
talking points that were sent to the RNC
as well as her apparently according to
reporting this decision was made on
Sunday night well after she had made
these statements in public in good faith
to blame her for going out in front of a
policy that was a policy as far as she
knew it is remarkably inappropriate and
she's absolutely right to go out and
defend her her her honor there but if
that frustrates the president the fact
that she was put out to dry and in front
of this policy which was policy and his
stated policy of this administration I
mean that the president's mercurial
needs
his capricious approach to relations
with Russia is something that everybody
should be concerned with him the fact
that the administration is now showing
they are concerned with it too I think
is good for public discourse it makes us
you know confront the reality of this
administration and it's bizarre
relationship with Moscow kETK I was on
the Capitol Hill yesterday and the
chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee was clearly piqued by this and
he called it you know at the same time
said well this is just your standard
variety confusion but nikki Haley had
been one of the few people that it
seemed as though we could trust to know
that she had the president's ear was
speaking on behalf of the administration
and wasn't gonna be contradicted in
public and it seems like another person
off that list yeah I mean good for nikki
Haley right there was an element of
condescension to way that Larry Kudlow
was speaking about her saying oh she's
just the kind of person she might get
confused a bit and she was bold enough
to push back and I suspect that he won't
use that kind of language about her
again it only takes one time of pushing
back and people stop talking about you
like that but it does suggest
interestingly the second part of what
Larry Kudlow said she was put in a box
or she was in a box I issue was not
privy to all of the facts of what was
happening in the White House was kind of
a dig suggesting that she's up in New
York and she's not in that very very
tight in a circle on these decisions
that are being made but I have some
sympathy for that because these
decisions are made and then remade and
then revisited and policy does change
remarkably fast in this White House and
pronouncements can get made by the
president that then totally get changed
we've seen that over the question of TPP
just over the course of the last three
or four days you know we were out then
we were in now it seems we're out again
I'm trying to keep track of the speed of
policy is is dizzying so it's not
surprising perhaps that she was out of
the loop on the latest nuance on Russia
policy Indy you've been there you've
been chief of staff in the White House
could you talk a bit about the danger of
the lack of communication the lack of
discipline that is so evident on a daily
basis in this White House probably the
greatest responsibility that a chief of
staff has is to bring discipline to the
whole process if the right hand in the
left hand are connected to the same body
and they should get their directions
from
mind and and yes it's a challenge nikki
Haley did not go rogue she's not a she
doesn't go rogue she she's a very steady
person and I think that the fact that
the White House wasn't communicating
with all of the people about the message
was a problem with the White House it
wasn't a problem with nikki Haley I feel
bad for almost every president has had
to suffer through someone saying
something that maybe wasn't the real
plan or at the right time but there's a
difference between going rogue and doing
and making anonymous honest mistake she
didn't even make a mistake in this White
House said you can never discount the
personal element of all this remember
how annoyed President Trump was when
Steve ban was on the cover of Time
magazine
early in administration but he doesn't
like when your profile creeps up on his
if you're in the twenty fourth graph of
a New York Times right exactly but I
think he sees that she's been getting
positive coverage and some attention for
the job she's done at the UN and perhaps
he's knocking her down a peg
yeah and Joe didn't help yesterday by
talking about 2020 right right I mean
what's interesting I think nd you're
absolutely right I mean remember in her
comments about the sanction she actually
said that Steve minuchin was going to
roll out what those sanctions would be
on Monday or perhaps even earlier which
suggested that it was coordinated the
interesting question for me is what does
she do next
I think her response was actually spot
on it I don't agree with nikki Haley at
all as the governor or as in terms of a
position with regards to whatever
Trump's foreign policy is and how he's
representing it to the world but I'm
interested in what she will do now Steve
Schmidt said last night on Twitter that
perhaps it's time for her to move over
it over and over again that you perhaps
she has to resign because I don't know
whether or not Trump has taken her legs
out from under or in relation to the
world how can she represent the
president and and the u.s. foreign
policy in the United Nations given what
Trump just did to anything show any
chance she steps aside I hope not I mean
first of all the president needs to have
strong people around him and
maybe he doesn't once drunk people but
he needs to have strong people around
them and she is a good role model for
the world to say
she's also a great homework doer she
does her homework she is not flying by
the seat of her pants or just making
things up as she goes along she is very
very disciplined and I she was a good
governor of South Carolina and I was
glad to support her well I know me too
love I don't get confused that's right
yeah and Jim she clearly was miffed by
the perception that she didn't know what
she was doing is that she's gone rogue
in some way she's not afraid to speak up
right I think the question it's gonna be
what does the president feel is he does
he actually feel threatened by nikki
Haley or was he happy to see her poke
back at very cool I think both were true
and e-card so great to have you
especially on this morning appreciate it
still thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
