but first we have Andy cart and Jon
Meacham here with us we want to start
with a life and the legacy of Barbara
Bush the former first lady half of the
longest marriage in presidential history
died yesterday at the age of 92 new word
on funeral plans overnight the general
public will be able to pay respects
Friday as the wife and mother of
presidents will lay in repose from noon
to midnight at st. Martin's Church in
Houston to be followed by a service for
family and friends on Saturday morning
and burial at the bush library in
College Station Jon Meacham let me start
with you you wrote a book about
President George HW Bush destiny and
power the American Odyssey of George
Herbert Walker Bush obviously a huge
part the central part of that Odyssey
Odyssey has been Barbara Bush when we
met at a 16 year old at a dance and now
we're married for 73 years I can't help
but think about him this morning waking
up for the first time in 73 years
without his wife at his side it's a
poignant image and a day that he never
thought would come and one that for the
first time in three quarters of a
century she won't be right there it's
one of the great American marriages one
of the great American stories because it
started as you pointed out not quite
three weeks after Pearl Harbor and it
was a red and green holiday dress that
Barbara Pierce was wearing it called
poppy Bush's eye he asked a fellow of a
mutual friend from ride to introduced
them and the good guy was a little slow
he said you mean you want to meet her
and the future president said that's the
general idea and they never really
looked back they were married engaged
probably 18 months later married in
January of 1945 moved there some debate
27 29 times from New Haven to Odessa to
Midland to California back to Midland to
Houston to Washington to Beijing to
Washington to New York and finally to
those 12 years that both his Reagan's
vice president and his president and
she was really the last great figure
from that generation to be first lady in
the same way President Bush was the last
president the world war ii generation
but always look forward she was one of
the she was the great embodiment I think
of the Creed never complain never
explain you know just just keep moving
Andy you have been associated with the
Bush family literally for decades we met
in the 1970s and this passing of Barbara
Bush one can help feel but a lingering
sense that it's the it's accompanied by
the passing of decency she was a decent
person above all else she she was the
most loving person I met and sometimes
she had the courage to give you tough
love when you needed it so she gave
caring love sometimes tough love but you
always welcomed it and she was so
inclusive probably the best speech that
she gave that should be an inspiration
to everyone was her speech at Wellesley
College June 1st 1990 when she had race'
Gorbachev with her and she talked about
her role as a citizen and what it means
to be a a wife a mother of just part of
society and I would encourage people to
look at that speech because it really
capitalizes her life and she lived that
life it wasn't just that she preached
about it I talked about it she lived it
do you do you worry at all about the
passing within the Republican Party of
so much of what Barbara Bush and
obviously her husband represented well
Barbara Bush was a great conscience for
President Bush President Bush and the
whole family and anybody that was in her
orbit she was a wonderful conscience she
could cause you to step back and say oh
I better pay attention to peripheral
vision rather than just tunnel vision
and recognize how this impacts people
and so that conscience will live on
Barbara Bush is gone in body she is not
gone as a conscience I guarantee that
that anyone who had contact with her
will never forget the burden that she
placed on them
do the right thing so yes I wish more in
the Republican Party carried that burden
today and had her conscience one of the
great lines from that 1999 Wellesley
speech I'm paraphrasing if she was up
there and there was a crowd full of
students and she said 1890 1990 yeah 99
she got up in front of all those people
and said somewhere out in this crowd
sits one of you who may one day grow up
to be the spouse of an American
president I wish him well that's what
she said we talked about the role of
first ladies off and whether it's
Hillary Clinton running health care and
Nancy Reagan before Barbara Bush working
on policy and she wasn't exactly that
way you know better than that be first
step what kind of first lady was she she
did not put her thumb on the scale of
policy what she did do was raise a
conscience
for example the AIDS epidemic had people
fearful to be around people with AIDS
what did Barbara Bush do she went around
people with AIDS
so her actions generated changes in
policy rather than putting her thumb on
the scale of policy she was
compassionate
I remember the Salvation Army with red
kettle drums raising money during the
holiday season and there were malls in
Washington DC that banned
The Salvation Army when she heard that
she went right to a mall right to a red
kettle put some money in heard the
fellow ringing the bell encouraged other
people to put money in the red kettle
God led the red kettle whatever they
were we're not taking away from the
malls they were there so she was a
presence and she acted more than she
talked sometimes in her actions caused
other people to change the erection Jon
Meacham and he's talking but sometimes
the brutal honesty of Barbara Bush and
I'm thinking back to Jeb Bush as he
prepared to launch a presidential
campaign a campaign a lot of people
thought he might be the favorite for in
the Republican Party she sat down for an
interview with The Today Show and said
we've had enough bushes there are other
families in this country
yeah with with with mothers like that
but you know as as Henry Kissinger used
to say it had the virtue of being true
at some extent you know she she really
spoke truth and it could be as Andy
knows far better than I do it could be
wildly uncomfortable you know I heck
I've got scars from her on a couple of
things but it was what to me what's so
remarkable about her is if you look at
her now I was thinking last night we're
now as far away from the bushes leaving
the White House as the Bush
administration was from the Kennedy
assassination so that's we should think
about that for one second so there's a
bunch of people who will look at
pictures of her dimly aware of the
Abigail Adams analogy and and think of
her as the sepia toned woman my god she
was always working
she was always leaning in if you will
the the thing about the Wellesley speech
that Andy mentioned is there been a
protest among undergraduates that they
shouldn't honor someone who was only
famous because of who their husband was
and she courageously went took mrs.
Gorbachev the Gorbachev's were in
Washington for a very important summit
and really confronted it head-on and
said if I could read the speech she said
there are different paths here it's not
you know sometimes times change quickly
sometimes they change slowly the thing
is focus on your kids love your friends
reach out Linda hand and and it all may
sound somewhat trite but I think we've
learned anew haven't we in the life of
the nation in the past 18 months or so
that basic truths like that can never be
repeated too often and I think Barbara
Bush embodied a kind of decency in
public life she wasn't perfect
she'd be rolling her eyes right now she
probably is somewhere say get on with it
dearie that was a when you got it dearie
you were done
like who the martini pitcher would come
at you it was awful but but she was
somebody who believed in public service
will and believed in George Herbert
Walker Bush and I don't think we should
leave this conversation without
realizing and noting I've never met
anyone particularly my wife who was is
in love with their spouse as as Barbara
Bush was with Poppy Bush and their life
was equated to the last moment yes and
it is remarkable and may all of us have
some percentage of that in our own lives
I should point out on the Jeb Bush story
the moment he decided to run she
supported him 100% and got behind his
campaign and campaign for him and she
was out on the trail I mean she is
somebody who just seems to me was able
to be fierce and fearless but also
incredibly classy and gracious all at
the same time and Andy card it strikes
me we don't seem to have role models
like this in public life right now I
mean the contrast that I feel you know
being able to sit here and talk about
her life and legacy compared to what
we're focusing on every day there was a
depth to Barbara Bush and she was the
Silver Fox she was defined by her pearls
but there was a depth to her so she did
not rush you she convicted you and so
there was a presence around her and and
her aura was one of that was a
conscience that weighed heavily on you
as you did your job
don't hurt her husband don't let him do
things he shouldn't do but don't hurt
him and she was very loyal to her
husband to her family to her country but
most importantly she was loyal to
herself she lived a good life well we're
gonna be talking awful lot more about
the life of Barbara Bush we're thinking
about President George HW Bush who were
told was holding his wife's hand all day
yesterday and was with her when she
passed away of course president george w
bush and all the children our dear
friend Jenna Bush here at NBC her sister
Barbara and so they extended Bush family
which goes out as far as the eye can see
we'll talk much more about Barbara Bush
in just a moment thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
