over the crowd gathering tonight for a
Trump rally out in Wisconsin seemed to
ignore that call for bipartisanship and
civility here's what they chanted when
the Republican County for Senate
mentioned Hillary Clinton's name just in
passing
she hired Hillary Clinton's attorneys to
cover it up
she took your
Susan dopers here what do you make of
that that crowd then didn't catch the
mood a change in the mood ring the
president was suggesting he was going to
change today that we're gonna be more
civil and and not being setting to this
kind of thing that happened this morning
well that's what the president said
today we don't know what he's going to
say this evening and because something
caught my attention that you said at the
beginning of the hour when you said how
much you love politics but you know
obviously what we see today is horrible
for nation one of the reason we probably
love politics is because we've seen what
good government and service is all about
we've seen the good that it leads to and
not once have I ever heard Donald Trump
say I was elected to serve he always
says I won he doesn't show respect to
the Oval Office he doesn't show respect
to the presidency it's case in point
almost daily with the words he chooses
and it isn't surprising that we see his
his crowd all riled up because that's
what he wants that you know he called
for unity not once has this president
sought to unify our country on any basic
level Shannon your thoughts about the
way this is breaking today these stories
are in the front pages tomorrow the
major papers will have the pictures of
all the targets everyone will recognize
the pattern these people did Democrats
basically including John Brennan he's
been critical the president people like
George Soros are only really known to
people and the progressive side or the
people who don't like the progressive
side and he's not well-known as a figure
but the neatness of this package
including Eric Holder is going to grab
people and I'm going to say too much
fire on the right has caused this with
some character out there we don't know
how the minute or not the minute they
are but they did this and those bombs
might have gone off and this idea of
calling for unity 12 days before the
midterm election it might sound good but
that was not in the president's playbook
the pleasent president's playbook in
these final two weeks was to divide as
much as possible was to stoke up his
base to come back to these cornerstone
issues of immigration of fear to drive
out Republicans that was what they were
seeking at the in these final two weeks
they had tried a positive message
that wasn't working so they had gone
right to fear and painting this picture
of if Democrats are elected you are
going to have terrorists streaming into
your communities you're going to have
gangsters
you are going to have your physical
safety put into jeopardy and that's the
type of thing that makes people on both
sides feel like we're in some sort of
life-or-death situation not to play Dick
Tracy here Malcolm but as you're aligned
a country again but the person who put
this list together and had to figure out
all the addresses and everything you
must have known that the president's
been out claiming that George Soros one
of the targets here has been paying for
the caravan Oh haven't you heard that
that's a late-breaking thing and also
the Uruk holder is now becoming a
political partisan lately this guy had a
fresh list of the president's enemies
well you're absolutely right and he had
you know the terrorist has in his head
his set of targets that he's going to go
after but something has to propagate
that something has to infiltrate his
information sphere in order to give him
that set and that most likely based on
the collective targets that we're seeing
here came from the list of people that
you always hear an extremist right-wing
rhetoric right the conspiracy theories
about George Soros Barack Obama Hillary
Clinton Eric Holder which I'm rather
surprised but you know it doesn't matter
once that list got into his head he set
forward on bloody murder and that meant
that you know the Secret Service be
damned he was going to attempt murder
and that as you saw at that rally today
should not have been what people were
talking about they shouldn't have been
chanting lock her up when we could have
had the attempted murder of of several
prominent Americans what in a situation
had those devices going off and killed a
woman Secret Service US postal personnel
or any other person who was serving this
nation we could be in a much much
different situation
you know lock her up doesn't take a big
jump to blow her up anyway president
Trump has certainly foster that climate
of incivility
just this month in criticizing
Democratic opposition of bread Cavanaugh
Trump described his political opponents
not as
rivals but as evil people they've been
trying to destroy judge Cavanaugh since
the very first second he was announced
they destroy people they want to destroy
people these are really evil people now
who was disturbed by that word evil the
ambassador of the United Nations nikki
Haley he does impressed me when she came
out and said we've got to stop talking
like that here she was at the Al Smith
dinner in New York just last week in our
toxic political environment I've heard
some people in both parties described
their opponents as enemies or evil in
America our political opponents are not
evil
senator what are you making the fact
that it took the UN Ambassador to call
the president who appointed her on that
particular misuse of political rhetoric
I was so impressed and moved by what
nikki Haley had to say and maybe the bar
has been set so low that that kind of
very self-evident statement now
impresses and moves us but there really
is an opportunity here for a kind of
alarm bell or wake-up call whatever you
want to call it a bipartisan movement to
try to raise the civility of our
discourse naive and as it may sound two
weeks before an election if there is a
bipartisan call as nikki Haley seem to
feel was possible maybe we can make some
progress in elevating our political
rhetoric rather than inciting the kind
of violence that all too often actually
results you know I will say something
that some people to people in the
progressive side won't even agree with
but the ends don't justify the means and
winning is not everything
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
