it's getting hot in here and Sean
Hannity does not deny he went to Michael
Cohen for legal guidance I never gave
him a retainer never received an invoice
never paid any any fees you know I might
have handed him ten bucks I definitely
want you turning client privilege on
this something like that I requested
that privilege with him he might have
handed him ten bucks
legally as we've reported the money's
not the factor and if Hannity does
reasonably believe that he was seeking
legal advice the privilege could attach
there unless another fact brings
something to light like an effort to
abuse the privilege or hide some other
crime now Hannity says his relationship
with Cohen was also minimal and minor
and we don't know as of this hour
exactly when those ten bucks may have
been handed over or when this exact
legal relationship blossomed it turns
out Michael Cohen's secret clients were
sean hannity which i'm sorry it's not a
good look you know right now Sean
Hannity's probably on the phone with his
wife like hey honey it's so weird how I
use the guy who pays off mistresses to
get me out of that parking ticket
shockingly that client turned out to be
my pal Sean Hannity of Fox News is
client number three
I'm thinking of hiring Michael Cohen as
my lord
Lord cuz he only has three clients
apparently he works for free he doesn't
take money from any of them that's a big
detail to leave out Sean what else
haven't you been telling us that you
share a barber with the lego man snap
now there are other details we don't
know at this point we do know though
that handy was a client of Cohen's at
least in this period of 2017 until this
year which would mean that wall Trump
was president or than the 19 days in
January he was president-elect and we do
know Cohen made at least 10 look at this
10 different big primetime appearances
on Handy's TV show 5 and 2017 with the
last appearance in April of last year
with Trump in office and we haven't
found at any point that Sean Hannity
stepped up and honestly disclosed the
legal relationship to his viewers he did
disclose a friendship Michael called you
told me day one he's gonna win I did I
was on a competing station on their show
in a competing station Michael well
there's no one that competes with you
Sean thank you who would have ever
thought that there could be two Michael
Cohen's in this world
impossible I've never heard that name
before one of my best friends growing up
Michael Cohen and you're one of my
better friends in life Michael a lot of
people have asked me because they know
we've been friends a long time
why isn't Michael going with the
president-elect
have you decided are they here for a
good time or a long time well and it
appearance from April last year wall
again to be clear Trump was president
the two of them actually joked about
language that was used by some on the
left and we don't even know this is
super interesting the B producers found
this tonight we don't know if Hanley was
Cohen's client at this point but listen
to the exchange all the more striking
with this new news but Michael if I use
the same incendiary language somehow I
don't think it would be coming it would
be total you would be you'd be off the
show that's certainly for sure probably
have to leave the country but again
the level of discipline I try I'd hire
you as my lawyer
that joke itself may have been a lie in
real time because he did hire him as his
lawyer and he did not disclose it and
then he went on of course to use his
power and Sean Hannity has a lot of
influence to rail against the FBI raid
on his lawyer Michael Cohen Muller is
out to get the president and it appears
at any cost here's what happened upon
referral from special counselor
Robert Muller the FBI has rated the
office the home and the hotel room of
Michael Cohen Cohen was never part of
the Trump administration or the Trump
campaign this is now officially an
all-hands-on-deck effort to totally
malign and if possible impeach the
President of the United States well
people are not understanding here is
when the special counsel raids the
offices of the president's private
attorney Muller is now basically back
toward his way into every single Trump
business deal meanwhile when Sean
Hannity was covering the other people in
the media who he said did not disclose
their links to political people that
they reported on guess what Sean Hannity
chided them for not being transparent
George Stephanopoulos is given anywhere
first reported at $50,000 now they say
it's seventy five thousand dollars to
the Clinton Foundation and he didn't
publicly disclose this while he was
reporting on the Clintons and the
Clinton Foundation while he was
reporting on them Sean Hannity arguing
that it was obvious that Stephanopoulos
a fellow TV news anchor should have
disclosed the donation he made which
benefitted the Clintons while covering
the Clintons Stephanopoulos apologized
he said he should have disclosed the
donations to ABC News and its viewers
you think George maybe he thought you
were gonna get away with it you wouldn't
have gotten caught wouldn't have gotten
caught tonight having gotten caught now
hiding his employment of two different
Trump lawyers
reporting on Trump and those very
lawyers you see it there you see Hannity
standard his test he's failing it
tonight his own test instead of owning
up to this disclosure he's now just
blaming others his radio show today yeah
I did have attorney-client conversations
mostly over real estate and so you know
it just is so corrupt it is so such a
double standard and it is so obnoxious
on so many different levels you know
psychological projection can be really
revealing
I wonder why tonight Sean Hannity is
talking so much about double standards
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
