we have some very sad news we need to
report now the former First Lady of the
United States Barbara Bush has passed
away this is according to a statement
from the Bush family Barbara Bush of
course the wife of the 41st President
George Herbert Walker Bush the mother of
the 43rd president george w bush NBC's
Peter Alexander has more on the life of
Barbara Bush Barbara Bush the former
first lady was always known to be candid
and caring with her white hair and
signature pearls mrs. Bush was often
thought of as the nation's favorite
grandmother aides called her the
national treasure the treasure for short
I've been the luckiest woman in the
world truthfully and I know it and it
was her husband who saw her as
matter-of-fact and direct lovingly
calling her Miss Frank
she earned and won the respect of a lot
of American people because they saw of
what she is down earth loving mother and
setting an example with noble about it
but mrs. Bush saw herself more on the
role of family enforcer something her
granddaughter Jenna Bush Hager teased
her about why do you think we call you
the enforcer well because I enforce you
do something bad I pointed out to you
she had quite a bite disarmingly candid
self-deprecating and wickedly funny on
Sarah Palin for instance I sat next to
her once thought she was beautiful and I
think she's very happy in Alaska and I
hope she'll stay there on the Today Show
months before her son is Jeb announced a
presidential run mrs. Bush said she
didn't miss one thing about the White
House and didn't want another reason to
go back there are other people out there
that are very qualified in we've had
enough bushes mrs. Bush of course
already had a place in history the only
woman since Abigail Adams president of
the United States a Mary run president
had your Walker Bush and give birth to
another they used to say well you know
he's got his daddy's eyes but his
mother's mouth
which means I'm about to talk a lot born
Barbara Pierce she grew up in Rye New
York her father Marvin Pierce a distant
relative of President Franklin Pierce
was publisher of McCall's in Redbook
magazines within weeks of Pearl Harbor
when Barbara was just 16 years old she
met George Bush one year her senior at a
Christmas dance at Round Hill Club in
Greenwich Connecticut I could hardly
breathe I thought it was so beautiful
they were secretly engaged in three
years later married when he was home on
leave from the Navy reluctantly
admitting she married the first person
she'd ever kissed strange I admit still
staying with your story after the war
they headed for Texas raising six
children and while her husband built his
oil business Barbara Bush was very much
in charge at home but she was changed
forever when her three-year-old daughter
Robin died of leukemia after she died it
was a terrible time in our life and
George put his arms around me and did
not let me step away cancer became a
family cause and throughout her
political service Barbara Bush played a
critical role on causes ranging from
aids to illiteracy you've got two
choices in life you can like what you do
or you can dislike what you do I've
chosen to like what I do and I think I'm
the luckiest woman in the world and the
bushes were dog people
Barbara brought their springer spaniel
Millie to the White House describing in
a book how Millie might have seen a day
in the life of the president and the
White House and when she drew criticism
from feminists who found her message of
traditional family service too
old-fashioned she responded offering
this advice at the end of your life you
will never regret not having passed one
more test winning one more verdict or
not closing one more deal
you will regret time not spent with a
husband a child a friend or a parent
Barbara Bush a woman of strong opinions
ultimately left politics to her husband
and sons she's remembered for her
maternal persona Yankee frugality and
maintaining her role as ferocious
protector of the Bush family named Peter
Alexander NBC News
again the breaking news here former
first lady barbara Bush has passed away
at the age of 82 Jon Meacham is a
presidential historian he wrote a
biography of the 41st President George
HW Bush he joins us now by phone John
thank you for taking a few minutes that
start if you would just describing that
marriage that relationship
it goes back so far in Connecticut to
Texas all the way to the top in
Washington all the way to the year 2018
it's one of the great love stories in
American politics the they've met not
quite three weeks after Pearl Harbor in
December 1941 mrs. Bush was 60-hour
Barbara Peters of Bryan New York was 16
and George HW Bush who was known as
poppy Bush was 17 he had wonderfully the
moment he heard the news of Pearl Harbor
he wanted to serve he was told he had to
wait till he was 18 he went home for the
Christmas holiday and there was a pretty
girl across the room and a red and green
holiday dress and he asked a
acquaintance from ride the bushes were
from Greenwich to introduce them and the
friend said you mean you want to meet
her and the 41st president said yeah
that's the general idea
and that was really it neither really
looked back from that very moment as
mrs. Bush would say she married the
first man she ever kissed and her
children would she put it want to throw
up when they heard that but they married
in January of 1945 at a point really
when she didn't know and he didn't know
whether he would survive the year
because of course the war and the
Pacific was still going and there could
have been an invasion of the home
islands that he would have been part of
she worked and the she was kind of a
Rosie the Riveter worked on an assembly
line during World War two
and in 1948 they moved to Texas Odessa
Texas way out in West Texas her mother
who was a rye matron
used to send them boxes of soap and
detergent because she wasn't sure they
had those kinds of things in Texas
they moved to California they moved to
Midland they moved to Houston back and
forth to Washington to New York for the
United Nations Washington for Congress
Beijing of course where he was the USN
boy came back he ran the CIA and then
they really hit the campaign trail for
the 1980 presidential nomination and it
came down to the last minute in Detroit
that they brought the Republican
National Convention in 1980 when Ronald
Reagan that called George Bush at the
last possible moment asked him to join
the ticket and at that moment much of
our political history was said because
as both Presidents Bush have said they
don't think either one of them would
have been president if if they hadn't
gotten that call and the wonderful
detail about that week which shaped so
much of our lives was the next morning
the Thursday morning after George Bush
went on the ticket with Ronald Reagan
and they had been opponents they met a
sort of a peace pipe meeting and at the
end of it there was still some tension
at the end of it Barbara Bush walked up
to Ronald Reagan and said governor don't
worry we're going to work our tails off
for you and at that moment all the
tension evaporated and that really set a
course for those all the political
history that's unfolded sense
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
