for more joined by Eugene Robinson
columnist for The Washington Post and an
MSNBC News contributor so a bump
political reporter also with the
Washington Post
Carolyn police a federal and
white-collar criminal defense attorney
and Daniel Goldman former assistant US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York thanks to everybody for being
here Philip I'm gonna start with you
because you were in that courtroom
yesterday and I think the status of all
of the material that the government got
from that raid on Cohen's office that
was up in the air that was sort of the
purpose yesterday where does that stand
you got Trump side that wants at it you
want the government that wants at it
what emerged from that hearing yesterday
right so this is the important factor is
less who has control of the documents
then who gets to go through the
documents and determine which things are
subject to attorney-client privilege
that's what the two days of hearings
have been about so far essentially where
we ended yesterday was that the the
judge Kimbell would determined that the
material that was in the possession of
the government should be shared with
Cohen's attorneys they were obviously
taken from Cohen's office the government
seemed to be under the impression that
he still had copies of everything that
was on his computers and so on and so
forth it turned out that he didn't all
that material is gonna be shared so that
all sides can sort of go through and
give an estimate of how much stuff they
think is going to be privileged out of
that so basically it slows down the
process for at least a few weeks while
Cohen's people get access once again to
the things that were taken from them
last Monday and everyone can sort of
start going through it and figuring out
how much of this stuff because Michael
Cohen is an attorney needs to be set
aside so the government can't look at it
so in terms of what this means Daniel
what is the interpretation how do you
look at this was this a victory for her
the Trump side was this a victory for
the government who made out better here
I think that the Trump coincide made out
much better here they what they wanted
was unprecedented which is essentially
to convert a search warrant into a
subpoena but second best is to get
access to the materials which they got
and once you get access to the materials
then they're the cats out of the bag and
there will be litigation about this they
have access they will continue to file
motions so even if the judge were to say
now you know what I'm gonna go back to
the usual process and let the government
decide go through their filter team and
decide what's privileged and what's not
Cowen's team has these documents and
they will be peppering the judge and it
will be very difficult for any judge to
just disregard an application that
something is privileged without weighing
in on it so it's both going to delay the
process significantly and I think it
will ultimately and this was not ruled
on yesterday but reading the tea leaves
as to where this is going it will
ultimately allow Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump sawr through Michael Cohen
to make an application to the judge to
keep documents away from the government
and away from this investigation Wow
I mean trying to knock that over
Caroline what do you make of that he's
saying Trump got the better end of the
story with Dan in some sense but I think
if you call it a victory I really think
it was a Pyrrhic victory in that look
the government has already rated Michael
Cohen's home office and hotel room so we
know that they have a substantial level
of evidence to even get that search
warrant as we have it so the question is
what did they need they need
corroborating evidence from you know the
the documents that they're gonna get I
think they already probably have a
pretty solid case against Michael Cohen
otherwise they wouldn't have received
this extraordinary by all accounts
measure of getting the search warrant
getting a federal magistrate just an
independent body rod Rosenstein signing
off on this to go forward so look
Michael avenatti has been pretty
prescient in all of his predictions and
we saw that clip there he predicted a
criminal indictment against Michael
Cohen within the next three months I
gotta agree with them I think this is
coming fast and it's coming furious
we're gonna pick up on that in a second
let me bring Eugene Robinson to know the
bigger picture Eugene and all this so we
say we have it in the opening there I
think everybody's been hearing the line
that this is the one the Trump team is
particularly worried about you've got it
Michael Cohen the Southern District New
York not necessarily that this Muller
thing per se politically this is an
administration that really almost before
it took office there's been all of this
sort of controversy that sort of cloud
that's been over it does this one
politically feel any different to you
well potentially potentially I think
right now I mean it doesn't politically
feel different yet to be in that I don't
think this is for example eroding away
the Trump base or anything like that it
the
opponents to Trump are fired up enough
and don't need this to motivate them so
it doesn't have that political impact
but you know who was Donald Trump before
he ran for president well he will he ran
the Trump Organization and by all
accounts the Trump Organization you know
play fast and loose with faster loose
Tybee blade you know they they were not
sort of a button-down by-the-book kind
of kind of firm they have had these
hundreds of shell companies and moving
money here and there and that sort of
thing Donald Trump jr. said they were
getting a lot of Russian money at one
point I mean so so when you start
looking back when you start looking into
Michael Cohen's records one understands
why the president would be nervous
because there's gonna be stuff in there
and probably stuff this chargeable it
seems to me I mean that's not I'm not a
lawyer but but you know I know who
Donald Trump was so I think there's
probably stuff in there well so we've
got Caroline mentioned this in minato
you a minute ago you got avenatti there
you got stormy Daniels lawyer out there
saying hey look I think Cohen's gonna
flip I think they're gonna charge him
look he's not exactly a neutral
bystander in all this we got to point
that out but then what are you making it
the idea that bit Cohen who sometimes
when you read about it me is supposedly
the most loyal one of the closest guys
to Trump supposedly telling folks I'll
never turn on this guy what do you want
you hear avenatti say I think he's gonna
flip what's your reaction to that well I
think in part this is where Cohen and
Trump's interests diverge a little bit I
think Caroline's right there's already a
good case that the government has
against Michael Cohen remember they
already obtained his emails through a
prior search warrant so they and they
represented that there were no emails
with Trump in that so I think Trump is
right that this raid is of more concern
to him
Cohen there's already a case against him
likely there's already an investigation
so then it gets to the timing of it I
think avenatti is probably right that
he's gonna get indicted but I think
that's particularly with this ruling I
don't think the government's going
forward until they are able to go
through this information the key that I
would pay attention to with Michael
Cohen is the number of times that he
references how difficult this is for his
family and when in my experience when
defendants start worrying about their
family they are thinking about how do I
protect my family and the best way to
protect your family is to cooperate
because it's going to significantly
reduce your sentence so that concern is
a valid concern we also have the news of
Donald Trump communicating with Michael
Cohen right now which I'm for everything
I can I'm a layman here but every
warrior I ever talk about that says you
should never be doing that but he is
apparently I mean you know they give
advice to Donald Trump when he does the
opposite right I'm not I'm not terribly
surprised to hear that he bucked that I
do want to pull out one thing you spoke
briefly with Eugene about the politics
of this and there's an aspect of the
politics here which i think is worth
highlighting which is that Donald Trump
in in Cohen's letter yesterday which
identified his clients he made a pointed
reference to the toxic political
atmosphere which surrounds this and how
the government itself Americans would be
skeptical of the government wing and in
evaluating this information on their own
which essentially is an argument that
Trump himself made and in court
yesterday assistant knew a US attorney
Tom McCain said look there are only two
parties that were who were raising this
issue after the raid and that was Cohen
and Trump essentially but it seemed as
though that argument actually carried
some weight with the judge would and she
said you know I'm not entirely committed
to having this third party potentially
coming and review this stuff but because
I want to preserve the appearance of
fairness she wasn't necessarily worried
about fairness but the appearance of
fairness because of that toxic political
atmosphere she was leaning toward giving
essentially a victory to Cohen and
Trump's teams which i think is a
fascinating that we always talk about
Trump's tweets and so on so forth what
effect did they have this was a tangible
effect I think that happens and that we
saw in the coin in terms of strategy his
legal strategy right now for Trump for
his team what is the best legal advice
they could get for out of hand in this
situation and what is the best end game
for them we're talking about the
possibility here of somebody who's
closer to him than just about anybody
else getting indicted feeling the kind
of pressure that day is describing what
do you do if your Trump's legal right
well I mean we saw him give a pardon to
scoobert recently last week so and I
think a lot of people are intimating
that that may have been a signal to
Michael Cohen but no I mean if your
trunks terms legal team right now you're
you're you're happy about this ruling
you're getting a
of the universe of documents that the
government has and you're just building
your case to make that attorney-client
privilege argument now I will say the
crime fraud exception eviscerates the
attorney-client privilege so to the
extent that there is any wheel room in
there if there's a fraud being committed
they're not gonna get that privilege
they're not gonna get the coverage of
the privilege so it's it's it's you know
the ship may have sailed in terms of
legal advice at this point hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
