you will see that Russian sanctions will
be coming down secretary minuchin will
be announcing those on Monday if he
hasn't already and they will go directly
to any sort of companies that were
dealing with equipment related to Assad
and chemical weapons use welcome back to
hardball that was US ambassador to the
United Nations nikki Haley promising on
Sunday that the Trump administration
would implement another round of
sanctions against Russia for their
support of the Assad regime in Syria but
despite her announcement no new
sanctions were rolled out yesterday
instead the White House contradicted
Haley suggesting she spoke out of turn
and that no decision had been reached
this morning the newly minted White
House economic adviser Larry Kudlow told
reporters that quote she got ahead of
the curve she's done a great job she's a
very effective ambassador there might
have been some momentary confusion now
according to a spokesperson ambassador
Haley responded to that by saying with
all due respect I don't get confused and
Kudlow has now reportedly apologized
tonight telling the New York Times the
policy was changed and she wasn't told
about it so she was in a box his comes
as the New York Times also reports that
the president has rejected new sanctions
on Russia for now describing the
reversal as a course change that
underscored the schism between the
president and his national security team
Times reports that mr. Trump was annoyed
with MS Haley for getting out in front
of that policy I'm joined now by
Democratic congressman Eric's wawel of
California who sits on the House
Intelligence former NSC 8 and MSNBC
political analyst congressman I'll start
with you we got a hint of a one policy
not more than a hint we got a statement
of one policy essentially from the UN
Ambassador now we have a different
policy from this administration towards
Russia when it comes to sanctions here
what do you make of what we've heard
over the last 48 hours good evening
Steve the Ambassador is correct we
should put sanctions in place against
Russia if you are involved in the Trump
Russian investigation and you are
looking for a quid pro quo this is what
a quo looks like this is a president who
was just incapable of coming down on
Vladimir Putin he says flattering things
about him all the time he talks about
diminishing the role that NATO would
play in the world against Russia he
can't impose congressionally passed
sanctions against Russia and
you have to wonder what do the Russians
have on this president the whole country
our country would benefit if he would
just state clearly that our policy is to
counter Russian aggression here and
abroad and to achieve that he will
directly confront Vladimir Putin let me
let me I want to make sure I heard you
right did I hear you right - do you
believe that the change we've seen here
in the last 48 hours is because you're
saying they're the Russians have
something on Trump I believe that the
reason the president cannot clearly
articulate a policy towards Russia is
because he has been so invested in them
over the years they're so invested in
him they helped him in the last
presidential election it seems pretty
obvious to me that he can't tell us
where he stands on Russia and it's
likely because of how close he has drawn
our country and himself to a foreign
adversary at least you have been inside
the government when it comes to these
sorts of things so take us through this
do you have any sense just looking at
this from the outside what Haley says
Sunday what the administration then does
there's back and forth with Kudlow how
in an administration something like that
could happen well first of all within
the Trump administration chaos rules the
day and sometimes the staffing process
doesn't seem like the normal process
that would be implemented from the
National Security Council and across
inner agencies of government however
nikki Haley is a very careful actor and
she's very deliberate when she speaks
publicly and I have no doubt that this
was discussed and it was agreed upon as
part of the toolbox that President Trump
was using to attack Syria and this was a
she came out these world
the RNC also distributed talking points
that said that sanctions new sanctions
were part of this response as reported
in Politico by Ileana Johnson and so it
just shows the confusion of the Trump
administration if they are sending out a
cabinet official an ambassador to the UN
with incorrect information
I don't maybe it is but we are I just
want to take it we were this live
quickly the president speaking there at
mark
but we have met Ducks at the highest
level and it's going very well but we'll
see what happens getting a getting a
very quick listen there at the end there
the president again he's sitting down to
dinner there you see with Shinzo Abe a
the president of you excuse me the Prime
Minister of Japan that's at mar-a-lago
that was happening live at least if
you're nikki Haley what do you do now
you've been it looks like you've been
undercut well she has been incredibly
masterful masterful you consider how
many high-ranking individuals have come
into this administration's you know Rex
Tillerson a Titan of industry his
reputation completely destroyed she is
very politically savvy and sharp on the
job and has managed to raise her profile
so I will be interesting to watch how
she navigates this and she is deathly
not she's really been able to navigate
the chaos so well throughout the course
of her tenure but you do have to wonder
at what point is enough enough and she
clearly thinks that we should be
stronger when it comes to our posture
towards Russia but she's out of step
with a president who like the
congressman just mentioned it's unable
to discern if he has financial interests
with Russia that are driving our foreign
policy right now let me ask you a
follow-up on that point then Congress
mix I know you were saying look the
argument there the case that hey this is
a president there's the pattern here of
not being willing to stand up or call
out or take action against Russia I
think a defender of the administration
might say okay well look there are some
things that have happened here for
instance arming Ukraine those anti-tank
missiles that went over to Ukraine a
step the previous administration wasn't
willing to take certainly not one
welcome in the Kremlin the military
action that has been taken in Syria
certainly not something welcome in
Russia so the idea that hey he might be
reluctant on the sanctions you're
talking about or unwilling but it's not
like there's nothing what would you say
to that Steve it feels like it's a he
loves me he loves me not policy where
you know there's a lot of questions
swirling around about how close he has
drawn us to Russia and then here and
there you know he will you know support
tougher stances on Russia and then he'll
to back away from them and again we need
a consistent policy he should directly
confront vitomir Putin use the sanctions
that Congress has passed and also unite
the country in allowing investigations
to take place in to what the Russians
did so that we can better have a shield
at the ballot box so that we deter them
in this upcoming election and at least
very quickly just in terms of Syria
right now we've had these these strikes
now what is next well look at out
president Trump doesn't hesitate to have
launched an ineffectual strike that
isn't changing the Battle of the
battlefield rhythm at all if it hasn't
made any real impact but he hesitates
when it comes to Russia financial
sanctions so you're still seeing where
President Trump is personally hesitant
when it's anything that is going to
actually affect the economic interests
of the leadership of Russia
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
