joining me now is a former assistant US
attorney in the Southern District of New
York Mimi
rokka rokka welcome to the show Thank
You Chuck so I want you to take us a
little bit behind what we're waiting for
next in the michael cohen situation
which is the judge has ruled that she's
not going to let cohen cut either
Cohen's lawyers or the president's
lawyers they're not gonna let them pick
who gets to decide what falls under
privilege and what doesn't but the judge
is open to a Special Master explain what
that person is and who decides who this
person is so a special master is kind of
a virtual meadow said last night really
well better than I could explain it a
mini judge it would be a neutral third
party that is appointed by the federal
judge in this case judge would who gets
to make rulings but not final rulings
obviously only the judge can make those
rulings but gets to make decisions on
things like so the way that the this
privilege process is going to work as I
understand it where the judge is headed
is that the taint team or filter team is
going to review things they are going to
pick out the things that they view as
not privileged they're then going to
consult with Michael Cohen and his legal
team and say look here's what we think
isn't privileged and can go over the
wall as we say it to the investigative
team if they agree great if they don't
agree somebody's got to decide that and
not very likely it sounds like the way
the judge is heading is that that could
be this Special Master okay so who okay
you say the judge picks the Special
Master it's my understanding the federal
government is supposed to submit some
names I assume Michael Cohen's lawyers
will also submit names is that how it
works so in this case she asked for each
side Cohen's lawyers and the government
to submit I think she said four names
each she will ultimately choose but you
know she's gonna try to pick someone who
is it could be a retired judge it could
be a lawyer
it could be you know it's it she's gonna
try to find someone that doesn't
keep out as partisan obviously but you
know which is going to be hard to find
in this case because everybody's gonna
find something to say about no matter
who is pick let me ask you this does she
have to pick a special master why can't
you trust herself why why is she not the
person to make this decision that's a
great way of putting the question um she
doesn't have to pick a special master
and if you recall you know Cohen is the
one who was asking either that they be
allowed to reviewing the materials or
that a special master be appointed the
government actually is saying we don't
need a special master here that's only
happened in very few cases for example
example yeah yeah in the case of Lynn
Stewart who was a criminal defense
lawyer in New York who was charged with
some terrorism related type crime so
really unusual type charges and not only
were they unusual charges but she
represented a lot of criminal defendant
who had cases in the Southern District
of New York at the time and she shared
office space with other attorneys who
also were criminal defense attorneys who
had cases with clients in front of
pending with the Southern District of
New York US Attorney's office so well
that yeah that screams special master
that screams you need somebody on the
outside because there's so many
potential just work conflicts Michael
Cohen that doesn't apply to any of these
he's not and that was obviously the
federal government's argument if he's
he's not a full-time practicing attorney
he's essentially he's been their
argument exactly their main argument is
the materials that we're looking for are
not related to any real legal practice
here but they're related to his work I
mean based at in open court we're
looking at his business dealings and so
though there's there's likely some
pretty clear-cut privilege
non-privileged decisions to make here
and you're right I don't think she has
to appoint a special master and I don't
think it's a matter of her not trusting
her decisions though she's a very
confident no-nonsense judge I think that
she does recognize if she goes this way
that it's about a compromise and trying
to reassure the American public that you
know there this is being treated down
the middle reception but more concern I
have to say watching
James Coe a book tour it's it's more
concern about the perception of fairness
than whether so essentially the
president's going to get special
treatment here that an ordinary person
might not under this same scenario well
and look that's the government's
argument that they made very
passionately and very well they said you
know if in this case if it were anybody
else other than the president you
wouldn't appoint a special master don't
do it here and as a former prosecutor I
get that argument and I think it makes a
lot of sense but I also understand where
the judges need to know I get it
the political side of my head gets it
that way fairness side I get the other
one let me ask you about Sean Hannity
and the definition of attorney-client
privilege
frankly I'm now confused by the many
statements Sean Hannity has put out
about whether Michael Cohen's attorney
or not and in fact to me is is there
anything that that Hannity has now said
publicly that would that would indicate
to a special master well Hannity's
waived any client privilege because he
claims he's not a really as lawyer yeah
I mean look you're not the only one
that's confused even as a lawyer I'm a
little confused too he said some
conflicting things and very conflicting
from what Cohen's lawyers were saying in
court so you know I don't know if that's
a miscommunication or somebody's not
telling the truth or what but the short
answer as I understand what Hannity has
said he said you know look I paid him I
think he said ten dollars and you know I
sought his legal advice and I said this
was attorney-client privilege you know
the the paint that's not what determines
whether something is is attorney-client
program you can't just say hey this is
attorney-client privilege no matter what
you tell an attorney
therefore it's privileged that that
would sort of you know put the cart
before the horse and mean that you the
the privilege holder always gets to
decide it no matter whether it's illegal
or not I'm not saying what he was
consulting on was illegal but just to
give you an example of why that doesn't
make sense he has said though right I
mean you know that he said that but he's
also said he didn't represent me so you
know you can't have it both ways and
it's not clear right now where the facts
really are what the truth is but it's
also not clear that the judge has to
rule on anything yet okay very quickly
the issue of executive privilege some
I've had some colleagues of mine say
they're surprised that the president
didn't send a member of the White House
counsel's office to this courtroom to
claim executive privilege now my retort
was Michael Cohen's not a White House
staffer I don't think it applies here is
that why Trump's lawyers probably didn't
make that claim I think so I mean look
the executive privilege if you recall
even with respect to the Russian Moeller
investigation there was some question
about whether the president could
properly invoke the executive privilege
and that was with White House staff
members about you know business in not
business but you know do decisions about
how how our country is being run this is
as far as I can tell not now I don't
know all the facts but just based on
what the government has said so far it
would be a real stretch that I know well
you know to make that argument and again
the president didn't even bother the
president went ahead and got a personal
lawyer representing them on a personal
basis not as the office of the
presidency anyway many roca former
assistant US attorney Southern District
New York thanks for coming on thanks for
sharing your expertise with us
appreciate it hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
