all right just moments ago stormy
Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti released
this sketch on the view she claims the
mists man approached her in a parking
lot in 2011 and threatened her to remain
quiet about her alleged affair with
Donald Trump she claims that this man is
between five foot nine inches and 6 feet
late 30s to early 40s and lean but fit
it's open
let's shake let's share what she had to
say because I thought honestly that he
was you know sort of handsome and when I
saw him when I was parking I was like oh
that's somebody's husband you don't
accuse somebody threatened you but I
want some I want to finish answering my
question to Megan honestly one of the
main reasons I didn't say anything is
because I didn't tell my husband hmm
at the time I didn't want him to be
upset with me
and then I felt like honestly it's so
much time had passed I was embarrassed
to say something and have him say your
husband walked out the incident it with
you and Trump and at that point in
California to go home and be like I this
guy attacked me oh and by the way he did
this because of this and it didn't want
him to think I was a bad mom or put our
daughter in danger
I just didn't know Michael have you
handed this sketch over to the
authorities yeah we're not in a position
to really get into who we've shared it
with or what the contacts have been etc
but what we will say is this is that
we're offering $100,000 reward for
information leading to the
identification of this man and if people
go to ID the thug at gmail.com they can
send us the information
okay so let's just put a little bit of
context here a stormy Daniels has said
7e Clifford has said that this is the
man who approached her in a garage and
threatened her and the reason she didn't
tell anybody at the time is because she
had her husband didn't know about this
alleged relationship with Donald Trump
so he she felt that she'd have to have
to tell her husband about it first and
then explain all of this and she didn't
shake and she had a newborn baby in her
she was saying she was making her way
into a fitness so Lisa green is back
with us Lisa there's a couple of things
that we just have to understand legally
here Michael avenatti released
information about a lie-detector test
with with Stephanie Clifford that's
generally not admissible in court he's a
sketch that's done years after something
how does that fit into the whole thing
other than being interesting well I mean
it could be the piece of evidence that's
missing that allows someone watching the
show our show or the view to say I know
that guy mm-hmm or worse yet he
threatened me too so we can't rule
anything out at this point I think it
just advances the possibility that
Stephanie Clifford's accusation that she
was threatened which could bring
criminal charges actually happened and
happened with a person who now can be
theoretically identified so it's I think
it's useful does it advance it or does
it continue or draw more attention media
attention an actual legal or judicial
action or two Michael honey if I needed
somebody to get any media attention
I would instantly get on TV and he's got
a lot to say but at some point
something's got more than you and me and
that's a lot yeah he is a master of
calling attention to his case I just
don't think it's fair to rule out the
utility of having an identifiable person
connected to this now it's early days we
don't know we can't test the validity of
the sketch it's different than if law
enforcement made the sketch but I don't
think we can say this will go nowhere
and
it's also not evidence but if it leads
to admissible evidence and local law
enforcement because this would be a
local matter at first could be drawn in
because there is a person they can
investigate then it's progress and I
guess there's still the issue of no one
knows and and Stephanie Clifford has not
been able to say in Michael avenatti has
not been able to say although there's
been an implication that whoever this
person was may have been acting at the
behest of either Donald Trump or Michael
Cohen that would still need to be a step
oh yes I don't think there's anything
about this sketch that makes that
connection you're right that way right
okay well that is the sketch the person
who said the man is said to be between
five foot nine and six feet tall in his
late 30s to early 40s with a lean build
but fit yet another interesting data
point in this ongoing conversation hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
