Office of Special Counsel Robert Muller
spare me is the message from Tom Tillis
who is co-sponsoring bipartisan
legislation with senators Lindsey Graham
Cory Booker and Chris Coons the first
term GOP senator from North Carolina
told POLITICO quote the same people who
had criticized me for filing this bill
would be absolutely angry if I wasn't
pounding the table for this bill if we
were dealing with Hillary Clinton so
spare me your righteous indignation dear
lord amen
wait truth breaks out I know what
happened
truth rakes out Obama can party where
have you been looking for a couple of
righteous Republicans are right between
right and wrong tell me Tom let's let's
just do because we attack Republicans so
much let's do an honor roll really
quickly Tom Tillis Lindsey Graham spoken
out on this senator Lankford he's been
has that guy I mean he's from one of the
most conservative states in America and
he has been a straight shooter and a man
of integrity all along of course Ben
Sasse like John McCain from the very
beginning Lindsay's been surprisingly
fair on senator Tillis isn't on this
issue for months you know yesterday he
proposed legislation the rule of law and
history will hold him in good standing
for a long time to come joining us now a
member of the Intelligence Committee
Democratic congressman Jim Himes of
Connecticut Eugene Robinson is back with
us as well and he has the first question
Jean well congressman Holmes just
following up
can Congress protect more and and how
should it do that and what are the
prospects yeah good good question to
which I'm not sure anybody knows for
sure the answer whether there are a
couple more Tom Tillis is out there you
know a guy who has Joe just pointed out
joins a very small Club of non retiring
Republicans we're willing to stand up
and say hey this is the right thing this
is about the rule of law so we don't
know I mean I my on my side of the
Capitol in the house you've got an awful
lot of Republican legislators facing
Republic
in primaries where even in places like
the Northeast there is a small group of
Republican primary voters who are
interested not in what the truth is here
but in supporting their guy by the way
partly because of the good work of Sean
Hannity who has and others who has sort
of set this up not as you know let's let
this investigation finish so that we can
discover the truth but our guy is under
attack so anyway where I work in the
House of Representatives you have an
awful lot of Representatives Republicans
who are facing primaries who if they
were to do what Tom Tillis who is not up
for re-election November did would face
very very difficult political wins at
home and I'm not excusing that I'm just
explaining why there's not a lot of
backbone being shown in the House of
Representatives today congressman it's
Willie guys good to see you on a
different topic this morning the
President on Friday launched strikes
coalition strikes with UK and France on
Syria you have said that he should have
come to Congress first to get
authorization you're certainly not alone
in that assessment up on Capitol Hill
would you have voted yes if the
president had come to Congress and said
I'm gonna launch in response to the
chemical attack by Syria I'm gonna
launch missiles led by the United States
how would you have voted you know Willie
it's a it's it's a good question and it
harkens me back to when Obama was going
to come to the Congress and ask the same
question I got to tell you I was
skeptical at the time here's what my
thought process would have been first of
all Thank You mr. president for breaking
with the tradition of too many
Republican and Democratic presidents who
have launched military strikes without
the approval of Congress that is illegal
it is unconstitutional we need to stop
doing it look I guess I would have I
would have asked a couple of questions
but I'll tell you right up front the use
of chemical weapons particularly the
persistent use of kinetic M achill
weapons in the face of an attempt to
take those weapons away is so egregious
and look I get that the conventional
weapons in Syria have done an awful lot
more damage than chemical weapons but I
would have probably leaned favorably I
would have asked the president what's
the overall strategy what do we do the
next day you know does this is this just
another strike like we saw a year ago
except twice the number of missiles so I
would have had some tough questions but
I do believe that when somebody so out
steps the bounds of reasonable behavior
like Assad did
there needs to be a very strong message
sense oh I would have been favorably
inclined to consider it request by the
president for authorization congressman
what should be the standard for American
intervention overseas military
intervention overseas because as you
said half a million half a million
Syrians over the last seven years have
been killed by this regime most of them
with conventional weapons what's the
difference to you with chemical weapons
why get in there and not previously when
some of those other deaths could have
been prevented
yeah no it's it's a great question look
some some pundit pointed out that our
policy with respect is with respect to
Syria seems to be that we get really
angry when Assad murders people with
chemical weapons not conventional
weapons but look there's there's two
obvious standards number one if we're
going to commit money and treasurer of
the United States to tests at least need
to be met number one it needs to be the
right thing to do you know in an ethical
sense and number two it obviously needs
to be in the interest of the of the
United States to do so and it is in my
mind clearly in the interest of the
United States which whether you like it
or not and we see this time and again we
are the world's policemen I'm not sure
that makes me happy but that is the
reality if the u.s. is the only country
who can step in and exact a price from
murderers who's so far overstepped the
bounds of things like the Geneva
connection the Geneva Convention sorry I
need another cup of coffee you know that
that puts us in a position where it may
be us hopefully working with our allies
or nobody hey Jean really quickly one
Joyce do we have we allowed Assad to
cross the red line before Vladimir Putin
has moved in Iran has moved in
Isis exploded what choice do we have but
to have a presence there well it's
unclear Joe you know there has never
been a good option in Syria there wasn't
at the beginning there wasn't in the
middle there isn't now and and but it
gets worse that's the problem he
the bad choices were less bad at the
beginning I think than they are now and
so now yes we have a presence in Syria
that sort of commits us to try to figure
out what the endgame is in Syria and you
figure that out I have no idea how how
Syria survives as a as a as a one entity
or maybe it splits up who has power in
various region it's just a mess and and
now we're in I mean we don't see how we
kind of step away entirely and just kind
of roll the dice and see what happens in
Syria so it's it's there's never been a
good choice alright Jim Himes thing can
I ask a quick question yes congressman
if you want to get reelected by how are
you going to get reelected as long as
it's always 30 and 40 okay well and a
rainy and your district every single day
in April in fact I'm looking at the
extended forecast and we have 30s and
40s through the end of April and rainy
what are you going to do about that
congressman I'm gonna pester the next
governor governor Scarborough to you
know do something about the weather in
Connecticut if nominated I will not run
you need to take care of that facade and
that's you too jack all right coming up
last jack loves connecticut michael
avenatti broke news here on Morning Joe
that stormy Daniels was physically
threatened not to reveal her alleged
affair with Donald Trump today he is set
to reveal the sketch of the person who
allegedly did it Michael of an Audi
joins us next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
