here's what's brand new at this hour a
federal judge tonight ruling on what was
happening all day what you see on your
screen there a request in court by
President Trump to stop the feds from
reviewing evidence gathered on his
longtime lawyer Michael Cohen so that's
a loss for Trump the judge leaving open
however a possibility that maybe they
would have a third party review some of
this evidence on Cohen it obviously
relates to attorney-client secrets
between him and the president another
revelation as well today Cohen forced to
disclose that one of his only other
clients is actually one of Donald
Trump's most high-profile defenders in
public in the press Fox News host Sean
Hannity handy for his part responding
immediately and he says he never paid
Cohen but he had quote brief discussions
with him on matters of the law now some
of the documents Cohen is fighting to
protect relate to the now infamous
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment he facilitated two adult film
star stormy Daniels she is suing Trump
and Cohen she was also in the courtroom
there today here she was right after the
hearing for years mr. Cohen has acted
like he is above the law he has
considered himself and openly referred
to himself as mr. Trump's fixer he was
played by a different set of rules or
should we say no rules at all he has
never thought that the little man
or especially women and even more women
like me mattered that ends now my
attorney and I are committed to making
sure that everyone finds out the truth
and the facts of what happened and I
give my word that we will not rest until
that happens your reference there to the
man standing behind her her attorney
Michael avenatti he will join me live in
a few moments on this broadcast but
first let's also look at what this case
is about the president and his lawyers
are directly confronting the Justice
Department which of course Donald
Trump's attorney general oversees in a
court filing this morning it's Cohen's
lawyers arguing that they say it's now
unclear if this DOJ probe can even be
done in partially and free of political
bias or partisan motivation now a new
lawyer for Trump says quote the
president objects to the government's
proposal for how to
forward the prosecutors though who are
the nonpartisan career people they're
firing back they say that Cohen and
Trump have already made and again these
are people who work for the DOJ under
Rosen Stein and sessions they say that
the president is making quote
inflammatory remarks about this case
already I want to turn to a legal expert
we often rely on here on the beat Maya
Wiley a former counsel to the New York
City Mayor as well as a former White
House Counsel and another friend of the
beat Jack Quinn thanks to both of you as
I mentioned another lawyer will join
this panel of lawyers michael avenatti
fresh from court that's where he's
coming from Maya when you look at this
rather remarkable exchange I think
something that would be easy to forget
is yes there was going to be a fight if
the federal probe continued against
Michael Cohen there's gonna be some kind
of fight but the fact that it's
happening this way this fast over this
evidence is a fight that Cohen and Trump
have picked it seems to be backfiring on
them
well they've lost and it's not
surprising that they lost it's also not
surprising that Michael Cohen's
attorneys tried to assert this right
because if you don't assert your
attorney-client privilege and Trump as a
client has to assert it as well say I'm
not waiving my privilege his privilege
it's his privilege you could be in
danger of being viewed as waiving it by
not asserting it so in some respects
there's nothing surprising by it it
would have been very surprising to me if
the judge had rolled any other way right
this would be this was the expected way
and Jack Quinn obviously you as a former
counsel to presidents can can identify
with some of the procedural arguments
one would make that well a
attorney-client privilege matters and be
it could be arguably even more paramount
when there's a sitting president is
involved so walk us through why they
lost tonight they lost because what they
were asking for was unprecedented I mean
they were essentially saying that they
wanted to review the documents first and
you know mind you it's important to
understand of course the difference
between a subpoena and a warrant in the
subpoena situation you know
like a grand jury subpoena you're asked
for documents you have the opportunity
to go through them and then provide the
ones you think of responsive here a
search warrant was was issued that
search warrant was approved up the line
in the Department of Justice up the line
that the Southern District of New York
and importantly a federal judge found
probable cause that a crime had been
committed or was in the process of being
committed and that a search warrant was
in order in order to preserve the
evidence of that crime so the idea that
in that circumstance the the subject and
in this case I think the target of the
investigation would have the opportunity
to review all of the evidence and decide
which should be provided to the
prosecutors and which should be withheld
it was just over the top and I think and
I think Maya will agree with me yep go
ahead man I absolutely agree it's part
of why it would be really surprising if
there had been a ruling in any other
direction and remember no reason your
audience would know this re but I know
you know this it's also it what you
essentially get in the law you have you
all you all the government needs to show
is reasonableness that they think they
have probable cause it's not like they
have to prove their case to be able to
pierce the attorney-client veil and so
they got that from a judge and what they
have is the opportunity on appeal if
there's a conviction to essentially
appeal and say but you got information
you should not have had so you down
you're talking also just about the
admissibility we were just looking at
the rather dramatic split screens which
which are extraordinary Maya when you
look at what's happening some people
have counted out stormy Daniels she was
there with Michael avenatti who I see
now in the wings he's just come from
court he's gonna join us in a moment and
Michael Cohen going in there who's been
this fixer one of the key issues though
was what does Michael Cohen really do if
he's not much of a lawyer and he has
very few clients I want to read from I
want to read from our reporting on this
when Michael Cohen's attorney disclosed
the name of the third person this
mysterious third client Sean Hannity
those gathered in the courtroom gassed
the mouths of reporters dropped open
some struggling quote not to laugh
I bring in fresh from Court mic eleven
adi thanks for coming to the beat for
your first interview after this
momentous day
well let's start with the hannity part
what does this tell you why does it
matter well it was shocking I mean it
was like a bomb going off quite honestly
in the court first of all people what
you have to understand far is is that
and there was no cameras there so I'm
gonna try to set the stage but there was
a huge lead-up to the disclosure of this
named Michael Cohen's counsel fought
very very hard to keep from disclosing
this name there was a lot of
back-and-forth as to whether the name
should be disclosed or not the judge
pushed back at one point in time Michael
Cohen's lawyer said that he had been
instructed by this individual that if
the judge ordered his name disclosed
that they were to seek an immediate
appeal of her honors ruling basically
sending the message to the judge trying
to intimidate the judge I think into
reversing her position or not at that
time not siding with public disclosure
wide man well it failed because judge
Kimball would is a really strong
tremendous well-respected judge and
she's not gonna be intimidated by things
like that I mean she's seen that
probably hundreds of times in her career
but is this also ultimately what is this
thing where Donald Trump's people attack
law enforcement and judges and then you
are winning and you're praising judges
what's going on with this look I want to
be clear he wasn't attacking the judge
he was very respectful but he was trying
to send he was trying to send a message
and then ultimately it got to a place
where the judge said look I'm gonna have
you disclose the name and Michael Cohen
and and looked at Michael Cohen's lawyer
and and Michael Cohen's lawyer said well
do you want me to write it down and hand
it to your honor or do you want me to
say it out loud and and I thought to
myself I'm sitting there I'm thinking
well he's just gonna write on a piece of
paper to give it to the judge because
it's kind of a Hail Mary at that point
re cuz you hope that maybe you give her
a name and she reads it and she goes no
I'm not gonna disclose it quite yet or
door number three that it would have
been an obscure name that no one
care about I mean on the list of
potential and dramatic names of
political implications given that Sean
Hannity has one of the largest
followings in conservative media as
we're gonna show later today that he was
out there
criticizing effectively your position
your side
the DOJ the FBI rate of Michael Cohen
all the while hiding the fact that he
hired Michael Cohen it strikes me as
significant in ways that go well beyond
your case Wow look I'm gonna let you and
others in that are journalists I'm not a
journalist I'm like you and others that
are in journalism and that operate at
high levels of integrity and fortitude
in the in the pursuit of what you do I'm
gonna let you all pass judgment on what
happened and whether it was aboveboard
and what I'm not here to get weighed
into those waters but I will tell you
that that the judge gave Michael Cohen's
counsel the option of writing it on a
piece of paper or say it out loud and
and and he he mentioned it out loud and
re when I tell you it was like a bomb
went off in that courtroom it was like a
bomb went off in her car you said that
any link or association to Michael Cohen
right now could be concerning for other
people that would include presumably
Sean Hannity what do you mean by that
well I said that last week I said I you
know again I mean I foreshadowed I
didn't know at the time okay but you
know I think my records been pretty good
along the way I said last week that
anyone associated with this guy could be
that he was radioactive that there could
be significant consequences for them and
lo and bold here we are I mean we're
here on Monday and his name gets dropped
in this courtroom it's like a bomb goes
off and now Sean Hannity has to deal
with the consequences of that disclosure
I mean look this is a bad situation re
and with each passing day it's getting
worse and worse for Michael Cohen and
the people around him the chickens are
coming home to roost and we know we know
the individual that has had the most
contact with Michael Cohen over the last
10 to 12 years and that's the president
United States that's what we believe to
be true and that's why the connective
tissue here the legal link between what
the feds were saying last week the
Michael Cohen isn't really a lawyer but
does a lot of other stuff that's under
criminal vest
Gatien for one main client as we've
discussed on this show Donald Trump and
then what you see today is some of that
coming out it relates to you in stormy
Daniels decline who were in court
because he was he was involved in that
payment it relates to these other
questions about whether there were tax
or campaign finance issues and what else
has he done that has not come to light
yet because not everyone like you has
pursued him is doggedly in court to all
of those serious points I'm actually
going to play a brief moment of levity
that relates to the facts and relates to
you which is Seth Meyers was saying that
to some degree seeing all of this
converge in this courtroom right now
looks like the attempt to wrap up all
the characters from a really long
episode or long season of a show take a
look Wow
so just to recap the FBI your
organization Trump is attacked four
months raided the office of Michael
Cohen his longtime personal fixer and
sees tax documents which he's repeatedly
refused to release related to campaign
finance violations during the election
involving stormy Daniels the porn star
he allegedly had an affair with on a
referral from Robert Muller the special
counsel in the Russian investigation
this is like the series finale of a TV
show where they try to tie all the
different plot lines together well he
left out the Sean Hannity part but he
didn't have the material to work with
wish him luck tonight Michael you can't
re re when you tie them all together
though that my question for you legally
is the punch line there is is how how
fantastical it seems to have them all
together but it does seem that you're
onto something and arguing that they're
all tied together effectively by Michael
Cohen doing things that are now under
criminal investigation well all roads
right now already appear to lead to
Michael Cohen I mean this guy and I said
this some time ago I told you that this
guy had a bullet bullseye on his chest
that he was going to be expected to take
the fall and that I don't think he's
built for it I don't think he's smart
enough I don't think he's tough enough
and I don't think he's from the
neighborhood no look exactly I don't
think he's from the neighborhood okay I
don't think this is a guy that goes and
serves 10 or 15 years for you in fact
I'm going to I'm going to almost
guarantee he doesn't serve 10 or 15
years for you I don't think he I don't
think anyone should serve 10 or 15 years
for anybody no
or somebody else's allegations I think
the question here is how much did Trump
know what we know from the or what we
think we know from the warrant what
seems to have been leaked is that the
warrant was clear that it was searching
for material directly related to Donald
Trump if whether or not Michael Cohen
was behaving as an attorney were and
violating or helping to violate the law
means it doesn't matter if he was
behaving as an attorney if it was fraud
if he was helping to advance fraud and
secondly what he may have been done that
wasn't acting isn't it we often call on
you to evaluate complex legal situations
and as a practicing attorney who's also
worked in government you you bring that
to bear I'm gonna ask you to assess part
of Michael strategy because we keep it
real on the show and you'll get the
benefit of response if you want it he's
done something somewhat unusual here
because he's in a civil proceeding with
stormy Daniels against Cohen and
president but he was there in this
criminal setting today agree that's a
little unusual very unusual what do you
think of that as the litigation and
public strategy that he's using on
behalf of his client I think it's a
public strategy not a litigation
strategy there's no little there's no
reason related to the litigation for
stormy Daniels or mr. abinanti to have
been at the courtroom I think it was not
parties the great night parties for the
criminal case they weren't going to be
weighing in on the judge's decision they
weren't going to be necessary for
sharing information that was going to
help judge would make the decision on
the other hand when you have a civil
case and you want to make sure that
you're keeping the pressure and the
attention on the civil case pretty smart
move to be at a place where there gonna
be a lot of you thing right I think this
could yield dividends any response
before I let you go yeah absolutely
first of all and you know that I have
the utmost respect for you and your
abilities and we agree we agree
ninety-five percent the time but this is
going to be five percent where we don't
agree and here's why on Friday judge
wood gave me basically standing to make
any point that I wanted to make in
connection with the hearing on Friday or
today that's number one number two there
was a reason for us to be there because
there's documents that were seized in
connection with these raids that relate
directly to our civil claim a whole host
documents that are important to us that
the integrity of those be maintained
does miss Daniels need to be in the
courtroom for that purpose what does she
need to be there no but she wanted to
lend her support and her voice to the
efforts of the US Attorney's Office did
I need to be there absolutely I needed
to be there because we wanted to ensure
the integrity of these documents that
they didn't get turned back over to
Michael Cohen without any ability to
check what was gonna happen from a
spoliation standpoint or otherwise so
there were legitimate litigation I
didn't want to be six months or twelve
months already down the road fighting to
try to get documents that lo and behold
went missing during this criminal
proceeding was there a public relations
or a media aspect of this of course I'm
not gonna deny that but you know what I
think it's very effective and we're
fighting a two-pronged battle here and I
think we're doing a pretty good job do
you think final question miss Daniels
today is closer than she's ever been to
a victory as you define it in this case
well I I mean I think it's may be the
end of the first quarter there's a lot
of football left to play re but you know
certainly with each passing day she
feels more vindicated she feels
empowered she's courageous I mean this
is an incredibly brave woman and I think
and I think America saw that again today
well and we also saw as a reminder that
you cannot predict what's going to
happen in life or law because this what
we saw in court today and the confluence
of these events is is rather
extraordinary and you continue to
zealously advocate for your client and I
appreciate you giving us your
perspective yes sir
Maya jequan thank you to both of you
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
