on friday the united states states hit
three facilities identified as part of
Assad's chemical weapons program outside
Damascus and Homs in relation to in
retaliation for the attack on Duma now
despite the president's claim of a
one-off response the United States is
getting more and more involved in Syria
so along with the Assad government it's
important for us to look at who else is
in Syria and how that complicates the
effort so Russia is the one we talk
about a lot the Syrian president is
improper in large part by Russia here's
a century in Syria with Bashar Assad and
Vladimir Putin's pictures right aside
Russian air and ground support backed
the Syrian army operations against the
rebels that are fighting the government
both the Syrians and the Russians label
the rebels terrorists that is there have
been some who have been terrorists that
is not a fair label to to put on all of
them Iran also backs the Syrian
government the Iranians have provided
six billion dollars in direct support to
Assad according to the UN Special Envoy
the Iranians also coordinate proxy
forces on the ground including Hezbollah
fighters from Lebanon and Shia
militiamen from Iraq and Afghanistan and
also involved in Syria is its neighbor
to the south Israel Israel has been
conducting airstrikes in Syria for years
seeing Iran's growing involvement in
Syria as a direct threat to Israel
Israeli planes bombed a Syrian military
airfield
earlier this month and a major
complicating factor has been the
presence of extremist groups on the
ground in Syria they include the nusra
front which is an official affiliate of
al Qaeda and then there is Isis which
still operates in remote parts of
eastern Syria despite losing its capital
in Raqqa and then there are the Syrian
Kurds
all right the the orange here is all the
Assad regime the purple is areas
controlled by various Kurdish groups
they live along the border with Turkey
and with us help and funding they have
become the strongest force in the region
if Isis has been wiped out in Syria were
almost wiped out in Syria something that
the president takes credit for it's
because of the help of these Kurdish
forces
US airstrikes and 2000 US troops on the
ground have helped Syrian Kurdish
militias defeat Isis but support for the
Kurds is antagonizing our NATO ally
Turkey which borders Syria on the north
turkey views the Kurds as a threat
recently the Turks sent troops into
northwestern Syria to seize Kurdish
controlled territory and they've now
installed their own serial Syrian rebel
allies in that area so Stephanie this is
the complexity of Syria it's not just
some random country in which there's a
civil war this is why a lot of people
describe Syria as being a proxy war it's
got Israel it's got Turkey it's got the
United States
it's got Russia it's got America which
is why it is you know to simply make the
argument Syria is not our country it's
not our backyard let's get out it's a
shallow argument because it's a very
complicated place that could lead to a
much broader war to say very complicated
and meaning that is a gross
underestimate of what it is joining us
now senior fellow and professor at the
American University of Beirut rhymey
Cort Rami Khouri
Rami what has been the reaction from
ordinary people in the Middle East I
mean on Saturday president Trump said
mission accomplished and we all know
this is a seven-year civil war I would
say the ordinary reaction is mixed
obviously across the Middle East like it
is on political issues in the United
States
we're very polarized as you are over
there but I would say it's important to
keep in mind that seven years ago there
was a massive multi million person
uprising all over the Arab countries
including in Syria to peacefully
overthrow the prevailing autocratic
governments and there's a lot of people
probably a majority of people in the
region would like governments like
assets to leave like they asked the
Egyptian and Tunisian and others to
leave and there are minority numbers
across the region including a lot of
Arab governments that want them to stay
because they don't want to change the
political order and the political elite
doesn't want to change it's its benefits
but the single problem that has caused
the last 50 years of problems in our
region has been the combination of the
arab-israeli conflict and the autocratic
regimes mostly military-led regimes that
have been in
for 5060 years in some cases like Egypt
now like Syria and other places and that
is the fundamental weakness of the
modern Arab state system why it's so
dilapidated now right and in Egypt we
saw and they said if I can add just one
thing I'll do these governments have
been heavily and consistently supported
by both the former Soviet Union and
Russia today and the United States and
Britain and France so there's a lot of
blame to go around it's not just the
Arabs fault of the foreigners or the
Israel everybody's and so I guess that
brings us to the question which you and
I have talked about when we talked about
Iraq and we've talked about Egypt now
with Syria what does success look like
you make the point that neither Arabs
nor Syrians are monolithic about their
political opinions so what this success
look like is it Assad gone is it a
negotiated peace is it serious split up
into different bits what's what is what
is a win look like I think success at
the lowest common denominator would be
first of all to stop the fighting - with
Isis is gone - stop the fighting get
cease fires all over the place and then
slowly with Assad staying in place
obviously for the moment and then
transition slowly to some political
process that's going to take years by
which Syrians legitimately can define
and run their own government the second
part of that is to stop this 200 year
old tradition since Napoleon of foreign
countries coming in here with their
armies and and actively being engaged in
warfare you know the description you
just gave of the various boots you left
out Hezbollah they're also there
supporting the government of assets
they're the closest description that I
would give is what I experienced in the
University in the United States in the
1960s it's like a cafeteria food fight
there's people shooting stuff all over
the place and you have no idea where
it's going and then the foreign country
especially the US now in Britain and
France come in here using military force
saying it's going to bring about the
rule of law and stop bad things from
happening but you know the US may be
locked and loaded as nikki Haley says
but my impression is they're mostly
shooting themselves in the foot if you
look at the last 20 years
they've been trying to push back Iran
stop terrorism Iran has stronger than
ever in the region terrorism has
expanded more than ever all over the
region turkey is in their Hezbollah's
and they're the Russians are in there so
the u.s. is getting exactly the opposite
of what it says it's trying to achieve
through its militarism so there has to
be ending the foreign military
involvement allowing the Syrians to take
control then to that exact point in the
grand scheme of things as it relates to
the Syrian civil war the strikes that
took place over the weekend youth you
think do nothing or hurt us they
temporarily will halt the use of
chemical weapons which is presumably
being done mostly by the government
according to the UN there may be other
people using chemical weapons in the
opposition we don't know but it'll it'll
have a short term a positive impact but
it will simply increase the complexity
of foreign militarism creating
conditions of chaos on the ground and
heightening the sense of hypocrisy that
most of us in the region feel towards
the Western powers to resume just spoke
live on TV a few minutes ago is the
British who introduced chemical weapons
into the region in Iraq in the 1920s
they didn't actually use them they
stockpile them they ordered them they
were on ready to be used
the generals asked for them so is the
British who brought chemical weapons
into this region in 1920 and the French
and the British and the Americans
together have killed hundreds of
thousands of people through their
policies over the years and they now
come and tell us they want to bring
peace in the rule of law so this is what
happens when Western governments mostly
use militarism to achieve their goals
without either serious diplomacy talking
to everybody or more importantly
addressing the real underlying problems
of socio economic yeah a distress which
creates sectarian tensions and all kinds
of refugee flows and civil wars so these
are man-made problems they can be solved
by people just implementing better
policies rami thanks for joining us as
always with your analysis Rami Khouri is
a senior fellow at the American
University hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
you
