this morning all eyes on the world are
fixed on Syria where the u.s. France and
the UK struck hard last night to discuss
this and what may lie ahead
I've asked retired United States Marine
Corps Major General Mel Spees to join me
general speeds retired in 2013 after
three dozen years in the Marine Corps
where he spent his professional career
with and around friends and colleagues
named John Kelly and James Madison we
now know as the White House chief of
staff and Secretary of Defense marine
corps generals Joe Dunford and Robert
Nellore who are respectively chairman of
the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Commandant
of the Marine Corps all four men and
thousands more men and women in the
American military are very busy this
morning as are those in the forces of
our allies general Spees welcome thank
you for joining us from Charlotte this
morning absolutely good morning Hugh
first basic question judging from what
you saw and have seen in of red was it a
successful exercise last night the
airstrikes sure it sounds like we were
able to thread the tactical needles of
getting into just the facilities we were
interested in as described by general
Dunford and it sounds like we were able
to have effect on those targets now your
friend general Dunford at the press
conference last night said there was no
coordination with the Russians but
reports this morning are that in fact
there was some notification what's your
assessment of this I don't think
notification is the same thing as
coordination hew and it sounds like we
went through the normal procedures that
just explaining we would be operating a
certain airspace so they wouldn't be
surprised when aircraft or other things
in the air showed up so general you know
the complexity of these things what
order of complexity is getting these
three militaries to combine to find and
execute this sort of attack on this time
space actually Hugh I don't think it's
all that difficult given that we've been
operating with these allies in somewhat
similar types of operations over the
last couple of years we're talking about
very competent professional military
forces the procedures to put aircraft in
place to do to the deconfliction
deconfliction to do the timing for
weapons on target it's pretty standard
procedure and I suspect that once those
decisions were made
the specific technical plans for this
were put together pretty quickly now
general this is a question about Marines
running in the military right now last
night the Secretary of Defense is a
Marine general the chairman of the Joint
Chiefs the Marine general the chief of
staff at the White House and marine
general of course the Commandant is
always a marine general does that change
the way that we lean into these do you
think and the way that we plan these in
any significant way well you have to
manage a bit both my bias as a marine
and also my understanding and knowledge
of those you mentioned to you but there
is a clearly a bias towards action it's
ingrained in Marines you hear that in
general mattis's speaking you hear that
from general Dunford you get that from
general Kelley as well but I also think
what you get is clarity on what we're
seeking to achieve that the decisions
that are being made are hardly reckless
but very focused on achieving an outcome
general speeds
general mattis secretary defense mattis
last night said this is a one-time shot
less than an hour after the president
said were prepared to sustain this and
last night the French Foreign Minister
said if they cross this red line again
we will strike again what is the message
the total message that you got out of
all of the inputs you received yesterday
I don't think there's necessarily an
inconsistency in that general mattis is
speaking about this particular action in
retribution for the recent activities of
the Syrians and I think what the
president was speaking towards if the
Syrians continue this as well as the
French comments that we could revisit
this again and I don't think that's
necessarily difficult to put together
from the three different comments that
were made you know let's talk about mr.
Putin and second-order effects first of
all do you think Putin blinked and and
why did he have Assad allow Assad to do
this in the first place but he was
making a lot of noises do you think he
blinked and what happens as a
consequence second-order impacts of
these attacks last night I think the
comments this morning trying to
understand why Assad would do this at
this point in the war really confusing
and I suspect he made those decisions
unilateral
I don't know about Putin necessarily
blinking I think he got a message with
the ability for us to get these strikes
in and if in fact the air defenses
didn't have any impact and everything
was be able to was able to get on target
the message to him was and maybe what he
got a couple of weeks ago with the other
ground action in Syria's if they get
involved with us
it's an overmatch in our favor what is
the message in Pyongyang that was
received the president's gonna be
meeting with Prime Minister Abbey this
week is was mentioned in the panel
before you and obviously somewhere in
Pyongyang they were watching last night
and wondering what that Telegraph's for
our upcoming summit with the North
Koreans what do you think well again
Hugh the message is if we want to go
after a target we're going to be able to
get to the target and I'm not sure
there's anybody in the world that can
stop us you know there might have to be
some other actions I don't know if we
stripped away air defense before we got
aircraft on top or in the airspace where
they were launching the weapons but you
know we might have to do that a bit to
make sure we can penetrate into the
target but we know how to do that we
know where the targets are we know where
the defenses are and we know how to
break those systems down in order to get
to where we need to be there is no
report yet of any cyber offensive
against the Syrian or the Russian
capability I wouldn't be surprised if
that comes up a little bit later but we
did have some angry words from Syria so
I want to talk about our vulnerabilities
both in the region where American troops
are and around the world where Hezbollah
and Iran has operated sleeper cells
around the world and it's truck outside
of their borders Iran particularly
what's the threat level to our troops in
northern Syria and to our bases nearby
what's the threat level in the United
States we're only a year ago we arrested
a couple of people in New York for being
Hezbollah sleeper cell agents doing
forward planning I'm not sure that
threat level necessarily changes because
Syria's not particularly in control of
those so if Iran were to make a decision
to activate some of those they would be
doing it on behalf of Syria and I'm not
so sure they
want to escalate a contest with us over
are very narrow attacks in Syria and
again if Assad made this decision on his
own not necessarily in conjunction or
coordination with the Iranians and the
Russians they may come to the conclusion
that he gets what he deserves in that so
I think there's still more that needs to
be learned let's talk a little bit about
the day after a major strike like this
we saw sustained campaigns in Kosovo and
in Libya we've seen one offs before from
this president in other places what's
the American military doing this morning
general Spees aside from assessment of
targeting what what happens next I think
at this particular point we're watching
the response of the Syrians in
particular again the message from
general mattis was that we were going
after these particular targets for a
particular reason we were only going to
do at one time so I think our
orientation now in addition to the
assessments as you mentioned are looking
to see the behavior of the Syrians and
if we see them maybe ignore us and they
start mustering their chemical agents
again then you'll see us tool up to go
after him one more time
the Security Council meeting which was
the one I had watched the most since
before the invasion of Iraq was
fascinating yesterday but the French
ambassador to the UN actually said the
regime has reached the end of the line
it's gone past that there was a lot of
sort of apocalyptic rhetoric at the UN
yesterday do you think that's justified
given what we saw last night or was this
just a last chance warning in force to
Assad I think it's more the latter Hugh
I the people are going to determine the
length of the Assad regime aren't in New
York frankly I don't know that they're
in Washington either I think it's in
Moscow and in Tehran that will determine
that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
