all right let's get to the big headlines
of the morning James Comey spoke more
about his short and turbulent time as
FBI director under President Trump
before he was fired in May of 2017 for
what the administration said was his
handling of the Clinton email
investigation but Comey said he knew
there was something else motivating the
president even before Trump told Lester
Holt he was thinking of quote this
Russia thing when he decided to
terminate him a day after you were fired
president is meeting in the Oval Office
with the Russian Foreign Minister
cause even nutjob says that the pressure
on him has been relieved what did you
think when you saw that WoW was my
reaction first of all what are the
Russians doing in the Oval Office one as
a counterintelligence person I'm
thinking that's crazy and without any
Americans being present one and two the
pretense is melting away
the bit about you were fired because of
how you handled the email investigation
is melting away you were fired because
of the Russia investigation so a report
in The Washington Post claims White
House officials tried to distract
President Trump from what James Comey
would say administration officials said
aides were so concerned about commis
book that they scheduled Trump to be at
his mar-a-lago estate for a meeting with
japanese prime minister shinzo hobby at
the same time as the books release Comey
was the target of six of the seven
tweets President Trump sent we're going
to use Japan we are going to use in one
tweet Trump claimed James Comey states
that polls were where crooked Hillary
was leading were a factor in handling
stupidly of the Clinton email probe in
other words he was making decision based
on the fact that he thought she was
going to win and he wanted a job
slimeball
it's our president what Comey was
referring to was his decision to reveal
new evidence eleven days before the 2016
election quote I was operating in a
world where Hillary Clinton was going to
beat Donald Trump if I hide this from
the American people she'll be
illegitimate the moment she's elected
the
this comes out color I just say you know
again I let's I just it needs to be
repeated as much as possible
that the president is claiming that he
was the victim of a conspiracy that
elected him president exactly James
commis letter did as much as anything
other than Hillary Clinton's bad
campaigning electing Donald Trump
president mccabe leaking about the
Clinton Foundation being under
investigation hurt Hillary Clinton now
if you were at home and you don't
understand that and you're buying into
some stupid conspiracy theory at home
that somebody on TV is telling you
please step away from your kitchen
utensils and knives and blenders
anything sharp look anything sharp
because you will hurt yourself because
you were too incompetent actually to use
any basic household appliances let me
state again the president the United
States won in large part because of
James Comey or eggbeaters okay no I
don't even trust these people to be
their attack beater to be near an annual
later no not even a manual things you
know what they make wait
is this something that trims my nose
hair and think they're doing this and
here's blood coming out all over the
place don't stay away from it stay away
from it just you know what put your
bubble wrap and slowly walk back and
make your head room and put the but yeah
make sure you can breathe and then put
the covers over your head because that
is so obvious that you I really find it
hard to believe that you are as stupid
as anybody that's pushing these
conspiracy theories James Comey did more
than anybody in America
other than Hillary Clinton to elect
Donald Trump what about a mortal or a
mortar and pestle David Ignatius we move
along and let's talk generally about
let's talk generally about
the former FBI director James Comey and
I will just politely say Robert and
Muller the third he is not you look back
at his actions the the bizarre press
conference after deciding not to indict
Hillary Clinton the letter ten days out
without language that bends over
backwards saying I am only doing this
because it is my understanding I'm
required to do this
but no one nowhere should assume that
this means Hillary Clinton is guilty and
then even in the book his explanations
just don't add up saying we weren't
looking at politics at all and then
turning around saying well we were
looking at the polls and it looked like
Hillary Clinton wasn't going to win I
mean Donald Trump's attacks aside James
Comey may be a friend of Robert Muller
but he sure seems far less let's just
say I didn't care judicious
judicious is a good word David take it
from there before I get in trouble well
Comey first speaks a moral language that
we don't hear very much in in politics
ee ee speaks about people's moral
unfitness to be president he calls
someone a serial liar he uses
descriptive language to make his case
that this was he describes a mob boss
who was who was in the White House and
his shock at that I wrote back in June
when he appeared before the Senate
Intelligence Committee and the big kind
of circus of his testimony
this was pilgrims progress meets house
of cards you know you had this earnest
that moralist try to make his case about
a White House that by his own account
was was was really out of out of
Goodfellas and I think that this
disjunction continues to this day I
don't think that Comey has helped
himself a lot with this book he does
deepen our picture of Donald Trump a
president really jumped the rails in
American politics but in terms of the
fundamentals of this investigation
I'd be surprised at the book mix makes
this big a difference as we might have
thought a month ago it would there's so
many new things that have happened all
the doors that open with the radon on
Michael Cohen's office and and home a
whole series of things take this story
in the in a different space but Comey
remains will always be in our in our
national story of this I think the
moralizer the men the men who always
talked in this language about Donald
Trump was shocked by Trump who could
never figure out a way really to
communicate with him so here is James
Comey calling the president morally
unfit to lead take a listen
I don't buy this stuff about him being
identity incompetent the early stages of
dementia he strikes me as a person of
above-average intelligence who's
tracking conversations and knows what's
going on I don't think he's medically
unfit to be President I think he's
morally unfit to be President a person
who sees moral equivalence in
Strongsville who talks about and treats
women like they're pieces of meat who
lies constantly about matters big and
small and insist the American people
believe it that person's not fit to be
President of the United States on moral
grounds
our president must embody respect and
adhere to the values that are at the
core of this country the most important
being truth this president is not able
to do that he's morally unfit to be
President
John Heilemann i Eliot Ness pose this is
good
I I mean I I understand what he's saying
there and I think a lot of Americans
would agree with that certainly a lot of
law enforcement officers would agree
with that
at the same time he seems too cheap in
that argument by talking about Donald
Trump's orange skin the the white gloves
around his eyes that come from a tanning
bed the the medium size of his hands
mocking his hair it says I mean if
you're going if you were going to put
yourself on a higher moral plane should
you not avoid all the same petty fights
that Donald Trump engages in well you
could argue that
and I think you know the interesting
thing about this is that you know Comey
comes into this moment as sort of a man
without a country right Democrats are
unhappy with him in 2016 for having
disposal e taking the election away from
Hillary Clinton Republicans now unhappy
with him he's he doesn't have a natural
constituency and so in this bookselling
world this is what this guy is doing now
right we talk about his role in the in
the in the in the Trump's current legal
in battlements I think that's important
and this week the combination of commis
provocations and Michael Cohen in court
today with stormy Daniels I mean we
don't know this could be the thing that
pushes Trump over the edge that's
important right he's not over the edge
maybe it will push him to fire rod Rosen
Steiner do something else this week
we're in that moment where we feel like
we're on the precipice of something but
what I want to say that Comey is that
he's now in the business of selling
books that's what he's doing this is
about like he's going out to sell a book
that's gonna be number one in New York
Times gonna sell unless he wants to sell
a million books he's in the book
marketing business and if you're Jim
Comey and you know that you don't have a
natural constituency with either the
Liberals or the Conservatives I feel
like he made a choice he's he's going
out and he's basically decided I'm gonna
decide I'm gonna be the hero of the
resistance I'm gonna attack Trump in
this kind of language you're talking
about right I'm gonna have my my wife on
ABC last night provided video of how she
was at the Women's March and he talked
about his wife and daughter being
supporters of Hillary Clinton he tried
to cast himself last night right if he
had to make a choice he wanted to say
here's why what I did to Hillary Clinton
wasn't so bad guys and I trust me my
wife and daughter are big fans of
Hillary Clinton right and I'm gonna I'm
gonna basically rhetorically put myself
in a position where I gotta claim a
country in the country that I'm gonna be
on is the anti Trump liberal side of the
aisle that's what I'm gonna try to sell
these books to but in claiming that
country Richard Haass all he does is
actually feed into Donald Trump's
narrative and it seems to me makes
Robert Muller's job that much more
difficult okay that's one of the
unfortunate things of all of this is
that it's happening there's enough of a
circus now pardon the word job that uh
oh please without this without adding to
it and this was this was self-interest
not not national interest I also think I
thought the most useful thing last night
Joe was this distinction between the
legal grounds for challenge the Pres
in the fitness grounds I think that's a
useful distinction I thought his weakest
thing last night was we learned nothing
about or he did nothing to persuade us
that his various interventions in the
run-up to the election were justified
the frame this seems to me a guy who was
just talking to himself was was
intellectually unmoored almost without
without a compass and here he is trying
to justify what he did when he did it
what he didn't do and it was who is he
who is he acting for it just seemed to
me he took on a disproportionate role in
American politics without without the
mandate to do it intellectually unmoored
his seems seems to be a great
description of all the activities heidi
that he was doing and again if you were
on either side if you were a Republican
you could look at I think it was the
July 3rd 2016 interview say what in the
world are you doing letting Cheryl Mills
sit in there as her lawyer when she's
actually a player in this drama that
should have been kept out of there and
should have been deposed herself when
she was the one that was going through
deciding which emails are destroy and to
keep that was indefensible and if you
support Hillary Clinton that press
conference after absolutely indefensible
not only if you support Hillary Clinton
but if you support the belief that no
either you're you're guilty or you're
not guilty either you can bring an
indictment or you can't bring an
indictment and then that letter there
were a thousand different ways to do
that letter in a way that wouldn't have
led to Donald Trump's election and to me
Joe one of the biggest contradictions
was when he said it would have been
brutally unfair for him to have brought
to the American public's attention the
fact that Donald Trump campaign was also
under investigation for ties to Russia
because he didn't know if there was
anything there well what was his
decision days before the election to
bring to the American people the fact
that there was anthony weiner's laptop
which also by the way they had no idea
if there was anything there
any kind of information that was worth
anything and yet he decided to bring
that to the American public's attention
he said here I didn't want to make any
calculations any political calculations
but then on the other hand he says I was
assuming that Hillary Clinton would
become president and therefore I needed
to do this to protect her under and you
can read between the lines here also he
was wanting to protect himself and the
institution of the FBI but there were
just a lot of contradictions in there I
did see partisans on both sides of the
aisle seizing on both of those angles
last night joke but I did feel like the
Democrats continued to be incensed over
the way that this was handled I I think
it's hard to completely look back at
things and maybe Clint can help us but I
mean Anthony Weiner's laptop if that had
come out after I think the Republicans
would have gone oh racy no I'm not sure
what type of position he was in
but with that there's no doubt if
Hillary Clinton's emails on as Heidi was
talking I just said if he would have
just said something like I'm notifying
Congress only because I'm required to do
so right by a prior agreement however no
one should draw any conclusions from
this this letter it is simply a
notification the emails may be
duplicative they may end up being
irrelevant to the investigation I'm only
doing this because I am required to by
Congress he didn't do that
there was nothing explaining why he was
doing it and not nothing that would stop
voters from assuming what almost every
voter assumed which was he wouldn't have
done this 10 days before the election
unless it was really really bad let's
ask Clint let's bring in former FBI
special agent MSNBC contributor Clint
Watts what do you make of what we're
saying here and I'm curious looking back
which is always a lot easier about
Anthony Weiner's laptop and whether or
not that should have been disclosed yeah
it's very curious because the one thing
that I always know
about director Comey was he's the most
forward director there's ever been in
the FBI usually the FBI director is very
much in the rear you do not hear from
the FBI director they only show up on
occasion for press briefings or maybe
for showing up on the hill for testimony
but director Comey was the opposite he's
very much out there I always try and
remember that Comey was essentially
between three poles he had what he
thought was influence from the Clinton
side with Loretta Lynch then he had the
Trump side and then he also had the
Russian side we forget that he was in
the middle he was one of the only ones
that knew about this Russian
disinformation campaign and the hacking
well and he had he had as you remember
FBI agents who were just absolutely
beyond themselves that the President of
the United States Barack Obama twice
interfered in the investigation by
saying six months before he came out and
said anything hey there's nothing to
this I I'm sure there's there no I I'm
confident that no national security
issues were raised by her using this
server the FBI obviously couldn't
believe that the president the United
States was trying to weigh in and then
he did it again in the spring
yeah he's between many polls and it's
interesting I see it both as him being
alone but the most remarkable thing I
think about this book is it's the first
FBI book I can ever recall where the
enemy are other Americans and American
politicians usually we're talking about
an FBI book that's about gangsters and
terrorists in this case we're talking
about really call me just juxtapose in
between the two whether it's talking
about Trump whether it's talking about
Loretta Lynch he sees himself sort of as
the moral compass you know for the
nation and I think that's where he gets
himself in trouble because I don't know
where the collaboration was or the
discussion was within his own department
you know within the Department of
Justice and I think there might have
been other ways he could have gone about
this in a more collective way rather
than having to put himself out there in
front during a very contentious election
that's also looking back you know
hindsight 20/20 but he is going to
ultimately be you know hated or loved by
different groups inside the United
States and it'll be curious to see how
this plays out over time there's never
been
FBI director that I'm aware of that has
been in this public spotlight in this
way and caught between two competing
camps everyone stay with us we'll
continue this conversation still I had
on Morning Joe President Trump calls it
mission accomplished in Syria and that
wasn't even the most declarative thing
he said on Twitter of the weekend we're
gonna run through that straight ahead
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
