but first Joe we want to get your take
on the newest NBC news/wall Street
Journal poll 39% say they approve of the
president's job performance that is down
four points since last month
57% disapprove there's also a difference
in intensity 44% of Americans say they
strongly disapprove of Trump's
performance while only 22 percent say
they strongly approve looking deeper
into Trump's approval number he's at 79
percent among Republicans down 5 points
since last month 46 percent among whites
down for 45% among men down 5 38 percent
among independents down 7 36 percent
among 18 to 34 year-olds up 5 points
34 percent among women down one and 7
percent among Democrats down 3 what do
you make of those numbers more the same
it really is this this president John
Heilemann it goes between 35% 41 42 % if
you look at likely voters it'll take up
a couple more points but they're really
the only thing that seems to ever be
moving here our independence and maybe
Republicans too you know maybe three or
four points this way or that but mainly
where we've stayed in the margin of
error through the first year haven't we
we have and it's interesting I I find
myself reflecting in a in a strange way
on on President Obama's poll numbers
which we used to talk about all the time
he rarely ever got above 50 and for all
of his eight years right everybody even
after he killed Osama bin Laden he got
up to 53 54 for a couple of months and
then he dropped back down
we now seem to be in a place in our
politics where the bases are so hardened
and so robust that presidents rarely
it's really hard for them to drop much
below the high 30s and they both matter
which party you're in it's hard for them
to get much about 45 and so you know
president Trump's his base is a little
lower than Obama's was and his ceiling
seems to be a little lower but they stay
within that band no matter how bad
things get for them all all the partisan
fighting they have this irreducible core
that they can't lose I mean it or at
least the FIDE extraordinarily hard to
and and Richard that's actually been
good enough for a lot of a lot of
presidents of late to win George W Bush
was was a very divisive president as was
Barack Obama as his Donald Trump but in
the past they could always rely on
getting the Republican nomination or the
Democratic nomination and starting at
about 47 48 percent and then you're just
fighting for the last two or three
percent I think those days are long gone
there are so many people with so much
money are so much fame that are already
talking about running as an independent
I think yeah this is going to get split
up in a way it hasn't been split up in a
long time we're beginning to take on
qualities of Italian politics where you
have a much broader spectrum and the
question is whether anybody can get a
working majority that says so long as
his own party controls both chambers of
the Congress so long as they're for the
most part willing to go along with them
he is able to govern see the ends the
difference between governing politics
and electoral politics the question for
you both why does the Rasmussen poll
such an outlier because that's the one
the white house constantly cites why is
there the president much higher what's
going on with that poll would you like
to answer that maybe Heidi wants to take
it pretty sure I'm fairly certain from
some of the polling stuff that I've done
in the past that Rasmussen does not have
conversations on all of its polls they
can do these robo call type polls which
are less precise and I don't know you
know what their their sample is but in
years past that has absolutely been a
technique of the Rasmussen poll that
makes it less accurate well it's always
trended Republican yes always
sometimes plus five plus six plus seven
I mean it's always traded Republican so
sometimes when you have a swing in the
last couple days that goes Republican as
they did with Trump they can say they're
the most accurate poll but you know it's
it's also it that skews the Real Clear
Politics average I don't know if they've
changed this but since Rasmussen
was tracking daily and you had gallup
tracking daily they would sort of
balance each other out but now that
gallops not tracking daily sometimes it
makes the president's average higher
alright thanks for checking out MSNBC on
youtube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
