because electrons first question was to
confirm that it had no impact on the
election and then the conversation to my
surprise moved into a PR conversation
about how the Trump team would position
this and what they could say about this
and no one to my recollection asked so
what what's coming next from the
Russians how might we stop it what's the
future look like good morning welcome to
am joy in a move that has Donald Trump
rage tweeting all morning former FBI
director James Comey is spilling all the
tea with a new book and media blitz
starting tonight
telling his version of events
surrounding the 2016 election in the
early days of the Trump administration
and while it may be seen as an attempt
to clear his name Comey is after all the
man the Clinton camp blames for their
loss
he pulls no punches when it comes to
Donald Trump in his book he describes in
cinematic detail Trump's attempts to
bring him into a mafia like political
family that values loyalty to Donald
Trump above all else and the quote
forest fire that is the Trump
administration what dumpster fire was
taken
Trump world and its allies in the GOP
are already on the attack Comey will be
forever known as a disgraced partisan
hack you know I'm disappointed in Jim
Comey I'll be honest we did this this
book should be on the fiction shelf
you're a pompous egotistical patronizing
condescending holier-than-thou political
operative I think this book is salacious
I think when you read it he discredits
himself he wrote the very fact no I
haven't read it she hasn't read it try
as they might they're going to have a
lot of trouble distracting from the fact
that Comey has a lot to say about the
pertinent facts of the Russia probe I
honestly never thought these words would
come out of my mouth but I don't know
whether the
current present United States with with
prostitutes peeing on each other Moscow
in 2013 it's possible but I don't know
welcome to Comey week joining me now Tim
O'Brien author of Trump nation the art
of being the Donald Danny Cevallos MSNBC
legal analyst Vetri woods Betsy Woodruff
politics reporter for The Daily Beast
and Natasha Barrett Ron staff writer at
the Atlantic thank you all for being
here Tim I got to go to you on this
first I'm gonna start by playing do it
reading one more little bit from the
Comey book which we have a copy of well
around here somewhere
and he writes about the January 27
dinner that he had one-on-one with the
then newly elected president he says
this the set up of the dinner both the
physical layout of a private meal and
Trump's pretense that he had not already
asked me to stay on multiple occasions
convinced me that this was an effort to
establish a patronage relationship
somebody probably had told him or maybe
it just occurred to him at random that
he'd given me the job for free and that
he needed to get something in return
this only added to the strangeness of
the experience the present United States
had invited me to dinner and decided my
job security was on the menu of course
as an FBI director he's appointed for a
10-year term Trump hadn't even given him
the job he was just supposed to stay on
what do you make of Donald Trump's
apparent attempt to sort of bring Jim
Comey the FBI director into his sort of
Mafia like family and Joey's call me
well as we know you know later attended
to some of these conversations he also
asked Comey to go gently on Michael
Flynn so clearly what was going through
the president's mind was omerta loyalty
bring him into the fold that's been a
scene quinone of the Trump universe
forever if you're going to be with him
on his team in any capacity then you owe
him personal loyalty and that's not
loyalty to an institution yep
loyalty to the flag it's loyalty to the
President and in fact this morning Trump
is emphasizing this in his tweets yeah
no kidding yeah he's going ham on Comey
so to speak but let me play for you
Danny another visit apiece in the actual
interview with with George
Stephanopoulos on ABC that probably is
what Trump is so angry about this
morning is he's out there and this is
interesting because it's Trump asking
Comey to investigate the infamous tape
reference in the Christopher Steele
dossier take a listen
he may want me to investigate it to
prove that it didn't happen and then he
says something that distracted me
because he said you know if there's even
a 1% chance my wife thinks that true
that's terrible
and I remember thinking how could your
wife think there's a 1% chance you're
with prostitutes peeing on each other in
Moscow I'm a flawed human being but
there's a literally zero chance that my
wife would think that was true so what
kind of marriage to what kind of man
does your wife think there's only a 99%
chance you didn't do that okay that's
interesting all on its own for a lot of
reasons but the reason I come to you on
this Danny is because we are in a moment
where Donald Trump's personal lawyer is
accused of paying off a porn star who
Donald Trump claims he didn't have a
relationship with but apparently hundred
thirty thousand dollars says it may be
he's wrong right where there is
accusations at am i that owns a National
Enquirer was providing catch and kill
money to women that Donald Trump was
having relationships with including a
Playboy model so this leads me to wonder
you know we were talking about this with
the team this morning
could this be Donald Trump wanting the
FBI to investigate yet another potential
piece of evidence of infidelity that he
might want his lawyers to take care of
am i stretching you're not stretching
it's an interesting concept that if
Donald Trump and one thing we know is
that he has a fundamental
misunderstanding of how government works
and just based on commis observations
that that are in that interview that he
he misunderstood the difference between
the the White House as a PR and the
intelligence as an investigators he may
have misunderstood government enough to
want Comey to act as an arm of his own
PR and by his own I don't mean the White
House I mean Donald Trump's PR machine
which goes out acquires this information
and then the question is what would he
have found what would he have Trump had
done if Comey had found evidence this is
what I'm wondering and then he have sent
Michael Cohen I mean under the theory
that Michael Cohen is his fixer it's an
interesting concept and again I can't
stress enough that we do not yet know
fully with the Southern District of New
York was investigating when they
executed that search warrant and it's
possible that it may be
into this pattern or practice of paying
to kill stories yeah and that's why I
think of it I'm gonna come to the ladies
I know who are on remote right really
quickly I want to read one more piece
here from the book and this is the
direct comparison the Jim Comey makes
between Donald Trump and a mob boss he
says ethical leaders never ask for
loyalty he had asked for this loyalty
oath those leading through fear like a
Cosa Nostra boss require personal
loyalty he goes on to my mind the demand
was like Sammy the Bulls that Sammy the
bull Gravano
cosa nostra induction ceremony with
Trump in the role of the family boss
asking me if I have what it takes to be
a made man what's distressing was that
Trump symbolically seemed to be asking
leaders of the law enforcement and
national security agencies to do to come
forward and kiss the great man's ring to
show their deference and loyalty Tim
what do you know about um you know I
know that David Kay Johnson has written
about and talked about the mobs
involvement in the New York real estate
world was Trump directly in any way ever
involved in that would he have gotten
this the Cosa Nostra sort of thematics
personally well he definitely he had he
had partners when he first went into the
Atlantic City casino market who were
mobbed up two of his put one of his
partners was a bagman for the Scarfo
crime family of Philadelphia Scarfo
Bruno crime family and another one of
his partners with a labor racketeering
no York we know fast forward decades
later on the Trump Soho Felix aider was
a career criminal with heavy-duty
demonstrable organized crime ties
intersections with organized crime are
not novel to the president the second
thing to remember about him is he's
macho and he loves the rituals of threat
and malice and menace and machismo and
and I think he's fascinated in fact by
the rituals of the mob yeah let's go on
and I want to get Natasha Baran in here
on the the Comey the other side the flip
side of this because you know Jim Comey
gets a lot of credit for some things he
gets credit for the famous going to John
Ashcroft the then ill Attorney General's
bedside to stop the White House at the
time the George W Bush White House when
trying to get
to sign off on warrantless wiretapping
while uh Ashcroft was indisposed hadn't
had surgery so he gets a lot of credit
for that and for some statements he's
made on on race and policing but what a
lot of particularly Democrats hold
against him is the fact that he did
intervene in the election in 2016
coming out eleven days before the
election and announcing they were
restarting the email investigation
Hillary Clinton here's what he writes
about that in the book it's that he
writes it's entirely possible because I
was making decisions in an environment
where Hillary Clinton was sure to be the
next president my concern about making
her legitimate and illegitimate
president by concealing the restarted
investigation bore greater weight than
it would have if the election appeared
closer north Donald Trump were ahead in
all the polls but I don't know
Natacha Donald Trump is included that in
his tweet storm this morning and trying
to make it sound like this indicates
corruption on commis part now just based
on your reporting is this one of the
things that the RNC plans to add to its
thematic attacks on Jim Comey well one
of the profound ironies of Trump's
attacks on Jim Comey are that Comey
actually did a lot to help Trump during
the election he did not come out and say
for example that Trump was under
investigation that his campaign was
under investigation for potential ties
to the FBI and the same actually goes
for President Obama he was very
reluctant to reveal that there was
substantial Russian meddling in the
election for fear that I would look like
they were interfering
just days before or months before the
election was going to take place so this
is something that is is again a profound
irony of all this but Comey has very few
kind of unconditional allies at this
point because of the way that he in
trying to keep the FBI above politics
actually plunged the FBI further into
into the political realm he was trying
to make it seem like the Attorney
General that the FBI was not influenced
by potential conflicts of interest by
the Attorney General
attorney general Loretta Lynch so he
came out and he gave that press
conference kind of exonerating Clinton
while also excoriating her in the
process for using the email the private
email server but at the same time you
know he also had it's worth noting that
there were a separate perhaps motivation
for him to do the things that he did so
there was a fake Russian document that
was circulating in the FBI that perhaps
that was written by supposedly by a
Democratic operative that suggested that
Loretta Lynch was perhaps in some way
compromised and that she was doing
favors for the Clintons by not pursuing
the email investigation as aggressively
as she could have that document it was
still unknown whether or not it was
actually faked the FBI still doesn't
really know to this point but that that
may have influenced our Jim Comey's
thinking and then of course there were
reports leading up to the election that
there were elements within the FBI that
were prepared to go on a full-on revolt
if Jim Comey did not reveal the
existence of these emails eleven days
before the election so there were
definitely external factors here and of
course we saw that one of trumps closest
allies Rudy Giuliani was saying just
days before the election that he had
something up his sleeve and whether or
not that meant that he was going to put
Jim Comey in a position where he himself
knew of the existence of these emails
and knew that the FBI perhaps was going
to wait until after the election to
reveal them that that I would have made
Jim Comey and the FBI look like they
were hiding something so he's really
between a rock and a hard place but I
will again reiterate that he did not
reveal that Trump was under
investigation for potential collusion
with the Russians and that ultimately
was the biggest gift that he could have
given the Trump campaign absolutely the
late great Wayne Barrett and many others
described the New York FBI as Trump land
during the campaign let's let the first
of all I will say that on the that Comey
does include something to help himself
he talks about in a meeting with
President Obama then outgoing President
Obama in a post-election November
meeting Obama reportedly said to him I
picked you to be the FBI director
because of your integrity and your
ability then he added something that
struck me as remarkable I want you to
know that nothing nothing has happened
in the last year to change my view I
think that Comey sort of hanging on to
that for his sort of emotional but I
hope that knowing
probably deep in his heart that he did
help get Donald Trump in I want to play
judge Jeanine Pirro the big defender of
Donald Trump the woman who once ran
against Hillary Clinton briefly for the
Senate here in the United States here in
New York rebutting the possibility that
there is indeed a Petey
Jim you say the president was concerned
when you presented him with your fake
dossier alleging the President had
prostitutes peeing on him in Moscow and
of course just a hit the president a
little more and to get a great headline
you say this but I don't know whether
the current President States with his
prostitutes peeing on each other in
Moscow in 2013 it's possible but I don't
know Jim it's possible and it's possible
Martians were in that room peeing on the
prostitutes to margins margins beating
the prostitutes did all Betsy Woodruff
you've done a lot of great reporting for
us here even on this show on Donald
Trump's strange and evolving legal team
situation what can you tell us based on
your reporting about whether or not this
possibility that I raised with Danny
earlier might be the case that Donald
Trump seemed to have had an interest in
maybe potentially having the FBI
investigate whether or not there was
indeed a tape find it and then who knows
what he might have had a Michael Cohen
do about that what I can tell you might
sound a little obvious and that's that
the president doesn't have a very good
grasp of what the FBI is actually
supposed to do over the course of his
time in public life and now his time as
president the way he relates to the FBI
is pretty dramatically divorced from
what the FBI as an institution is
actually responsible for doing which is
federal law enforcement now at the same
time of course the president's attacks
on James Comey the president isn't the
only person who's attacked him and I
think going back to what Comey talks
about in that book where he refers to
President Obama sort of encouraging him
I think that moment of the book is a
really important one because Comey took
so much heat from elected Democrats and
one thing I can tell you from my
reporting is that that's something
criticism of Comey from Democrats is
something that I know for a fact is
highlighted in the RNC talking points
that went out Friday that go after Comey
I obtained a copy of those talking
points and they named a number of
elected Democrats who in the wake of
Kobe's announcement criticized him
really pointedly they named Bernie
Sanders named Dianne Feinstein Chuck
Schumer all sorts of Democrats going
after Comey so the fact that Comey in
this
book is able to basically cite Obama is
telling him that he thought he had
integrity that he thought he did the
best that he could do that itself is
important and of course that's something
that's inconceivable to think of
President Trump ever telling Comey
remember though another piece of this
that's kind of just weird in all this
context is that back months and months
ago when Trump first fired Comey the
justification that officially first came
out of the White House press shop for
why that firing happened was that it was
because Comey hadn't handled the Clinton
email scandal correctly which turned out
to be just flatly not true this is a
White House that doesn't talk about the
FBI as the FBI exists yeah and then he
turned around and ruined that talking
point by telling our very own Lester
Houghton and I it was because of Russia
this book is driving Donald Trump to
distraction this weekend it's gonna be
the talk of the town and I'm sure Donald
Trump will have more to say about it on
the Twitter's Tim O'Brien sticking
around Thank You Danny Cevallos Betsy
Woodruff and Natasha Barrett Ron thank
you all and up next V thing beeping that
has Donald Trump melting down it might
not even be this stay with us is your
name Michael Cohen yes and you're a
lawyer ish did you have did you make a
payment of one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to stormy Daniels yes
and the president Trump know about it no
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
