good morning and welcome to am joy
yesterday was about as momentous a news
day as we have had in this building and
we've had many it started with the news
that rod Rosen Stein the Deputy Attorney
General supervising the Robert Muller
investigation is quote bracing to be
fired by Donald Trump there were the
continued revelations from the
blockbuster book by fired FBI director
James Comey which drew attacks from
Trump on Twitter and from the White
House press secretary after that came
the reporting from ABC News and CNN that
FBI agents seized recordings made by
Donald Trump's longtime fixer Michael
Cohen which included recordings between
Cohen and the lawyer who represented two
of the women who claimed to have had
sexual relationships with Trump we also
learned that Cohen negotiated a 1.6
million dollar settlement with a former
model who said she had an affair with
and got pregnant by Elliott broidy a
major Trump backer an RNC deputy finance
chair
Brody stepped down from his RNC post
Friday evening next came the bombshell
revelation from McClatchy that Muller
has evidence confirming a crucial piece
of the Christopher steel dossier that
Michael Cohen did indeed travel to
Prague in the summer of 2016
despite insisting to the media and to
congressional investigators that he has
never set foot in Prague all of this
happened before the president announced
the bombing of targets in Syria purpose
of our actions tonight is to establish a
strong deterrent against the production
spread and use of chemical weapons
establishing this deterrent is a vital
national security interest of the United
States we are prepared to sustain this
response until the Syrian regime stops
its use of prohibited chemical agents so
quite a day yesterday and we're gonna
get to all that other news shortly but
let's start with the Syrian attacks
which for many Americans raised real
questions about the legal authority for
the strikes and also about whether even
a part of the president's motivation was
all that other news that just kept on
coming yesterday these are serious
questions that we in the media have an
obligation to ask however uncomfortable
because they will be asked by our
friends and our foes around the world
join me now is a manmohan dean MSNBC
anchor cal Perry NBC News NBC News
global editor now you're a hawk former
State Department senior adviser and
Malcolm Nance MSNBC contributor and
executive director of the terror a
semester project as I mangled
everybody's titled Cal but to come to
you first what was accomplished
yesterday according to military
commanders well according to military
commanders it was and according to the
president a mission accomplished which
is not a great historical reference
there and I think he boxed himself in
with the tweet he sent three days ago on
the one hand if you strike targets that
are gonna change the course of the
Syrian civil war
you're killing either Iranians or
Russians if you don't and you do it
happened last night you're giving the
Assad government a chance to say we're
still in charge we were able to thwart
the Americans and you're giving the
Russians the ability to say see our
presence here is a good way of standing
off the American government the American
military
yeah and Aemon there's a there was a
sort of a disconnect between what the
defense secretary James Madison is
wanted and what John Bolton the new
national security adviser who is
extremely hawkish and and very pro-war
wanted so maddest according to Wall
Street Journal the military had
scheduled potential windows for the
strike including one Thursday night the
US and defense official said mattis was
able to cancel them out of concerns that
anything other than a so strike risked
broader escalation with the Russians in
particular meanwhile the same Wall
Street Journal report says that Bolton
favored a quote ruinous attack that
would cripple some part of Assad's
government and national infrastructure
according to a person familiar with his
thinking bolt and didn't want a repeat
of the USS 2017 strike on Syria which
just had an airfield it was easily
repaired who seems to have gotten what
they wanted Bolton or mattis it seems
that Madison L Madoff Secretary of
Defense Maddox has won out in the short
term and there's a few ways to look at
it one this was not a unilateral United
States strike there was the involvement
of the French and the United Kingdom I
think that brings to the argument a
sense of legitimacy although there's a
lot of questions as to whether or not
the broader international community
wanted to see this we heard from some
Arab allies that were not happy with
this and certainly key members of the UN
Security Council Russia and China would
not be happy with this so there was the
argument that the general mattis
Secretary of Defense Maddox excuse me
wanted to have a bit of a coalition to
make this appear that this was not just
the United States acting unilaterally in
any contravention of international law
that's one - the scope of the strike is
extremely limited very high on
production very high on the theatrics
you have what they went after very
little on the substance of it and you
get that sense early from watching
syrian state media people on the streets
today celebrating in defiance the syrian
president walking into the office in his
presidential palace with his suitcase in
hand so the tone that is coming out of
Iran out of Russia out of Syria this
morning is that the strike yesterday was
very limited in nature very limited in
scope perhaps a deterrent to some tape
the capacity but certainly not a
destruction of Syria's chemical weapons
capability at the bottom in the bottom
at the end of the at the end of the day
it's not going to change the calculus of
serious president about how this war is
being carried out yeah absolutely and of
course it is not as if Syria and its
allies Iran and Russia didn't know it
was coming
Donald Trump tweeted a a warning a few
days ago a couple of days ago Russia
vows to shoot down any and all missiles
fired at Syria get ready Russia because
they will be coming nice and new and
smart you shouldn't be partners with a
gas killing animal all initial caps who
kills his people and enjoys that
exclamation point in addition to that
there is a reporting that there was
actually a for more formal sort of
diplomatic warning so if Russia knew it
was coming if Syrian it was going to
happen if they were able to move
whatever chemical weapons or whatever
munitions they didn't want to be hit
with with bombs then what is the what is
the efficacy of such an action well and
that's the big question is that who is
Donald Trump really speaking to in his
speech last night he made a very strong
humanitarian argument which is not
something that he's ever cared about
with foreign policy before right it's
always America first America alone last
night he talked about the atrocities
against these children and the moral
responsibility that countries have to
stand up with what's right you contrast
that with just a week earlier when he
was talking about how the United States
is going to be pulling out all 2,000 of
its troops that they are there to fight
Isis because the war against Isis is
over so we have an erratic president who
was clearly trying to appeal to people
who watch these photos of Syrian
children being gassed the general public
that wants to know that America still
has the
to do something and the other hand you
have general mattis who has the
sensibility to realize that this could
potentially put the Middle East into
further chaos and the United States
right in the middle of it and so he is
trying to speak to the Iranians the
Russians the Arab allies the Western
world and thread that needle in a very
delicate way unfortunately that does not
a strategy or a plan make so we do not
know what the long-term purpose is in
Syria so what does mission accomplished'
mean because clearly the Syrian war is
ongoing and it just at the Pentagon
press briefing this morning we talked
about how the this was a very targeted
and limited strike it was not to topple
the regime yet Trump's reasoning was
that it was supposed to end all
atrocities so this is the big question
mark what is the United States goal in
Syria and what are we going to do to
accomplish it and Malcolm it would
probably help if we had a secretary of
state who could do the talking rather
than you know when the guy called Mad
Dog is the voice of reason the defense
Secretary's having to be secretary state
and take their defense apparently the
USS 2,000 soldiers fighting Isis in
Syria Russia has about 2,900 soldiers
their bombers fighter jets anti-missile
defense systems courtesy of Russia Iran
also of course an ally of the Assad
government is there a way to go in and
strike Syria without it you know in such
a way that you do not because you
certainly don't want to kill Russian
troops you certainly don't want to kill
Iranian troops and widen the war so then
again I asked what's the point well it's
a good question you know
iemon made a great point this was a very
very limited strike and it shows the the
influence of general mattis who you
could almost see that he's like you
didn't really want to do it so he had to
hit something he hit storage facilities
he hit research in scientific facilities
even though many of their equipment
inside those facilities may have been
destroyed they can reconstitute this and
we're sure they have stops in a
clandestine location this attack was
much closer to the way Bill Clinton
carried out an attack in the early 1980s
in retaliation for the attempt by
Saddam's intelligence to kill George
Herbert Walker Bush and a bomb in Kuwait
we only hit their headquarters at
and he was roundly criticized for
killing no one yeah if you're gonna
really do this type of attack you're
gonna have to make it tough and you're
gonna have to get the people who were in
there this was sanitary we killed no one
we didn't even damage their air defenses
yeah and I think you were referring to
the 1998 bombing of what people sort of
dismissively called an aspirin Factory
in this man and so you know Kauai I
wonder you know and I think it is it is
an uncomfortable conversation to have
because there was this this atmospherics
behind what we saw happen yesterday in
which there were a series of negative
stories about the president he is under
tremendous pressure his personal lawyer
is in the crosshairs of the FBI of a
federal investigation and so to make
that analogy with Bill Clinton who was
in the midst of the Monica Lewinsky
scandal when he ordered that bombing of
al Qaeda which of course al Qaeda was
deadly and in later perpetrated 9/11 so
you could make an argument either way
but I wonder how the defense
establishment deals with the fact that
we are having that other conversation
about something that they were you know
they had to do manner to look the facts
are this president is totally unhinged
on Twitter right I mean a three-day
heads-up on a military actions is giving
them way too much time to move the
equipment he's under incredible
political pressure here in the United
States then take the facts on the ground
in Syria half a million people dead 11
million people displaced six million
internally five million of them
externally are these deconfliction
missiles I'm it's confusing right
nothing is going to change on the ground
in Syria and frankly these 500,000
people who were killed were not killed
by chemical weapons yeah you were killed
by conventional weapons and that's
likely to continue yeah and you know
even I cannot miss the fact that Donald
Trump is also the president who slammed
the door shut on Syrian refugees coming
to this country if you want to help the
people who are victims of bashar al
assad's heinous government you might
want to let some of them in to the
country who are asking to come Trump
says no this civil war has been
stretching on and on and on since you
know the Arab Spring when Bashar Assad
made it very clear he ain't going yeah
and he's clearly not going he has the
backing of Iran and Russia if we're not
going in there to actually do something
to end that slaughter making this point
well I wonder in in the in the in the
region and if we can just put up the
little map of the Reid
that you know you have serious sitting
right there near rob near jordan near
some of our allies some of the places we
what message does it send in the region
to have just done this well i think you
can kind of pick up on the pentagon
spokeswoman statement saying our goal in
syria is to defeat isis so if you are
turkey if you are jordan if you are any
of the countries saudi arabia close ally
who want to see the united states be
more robust in trying to bring an end to
the civil war and possibly even go as
far as pushing for regime change in that
country you would be very disappointed
to know that this evening or at least
this this morning it's been a long night
for me that the president and the
spokesperson for the Pentagon are saying
that is not the objective our objective
is to defeat Isis but we also just want
to make sure that we're sending this
message that the use of chemical weapons
is is a violation of international law
on one hand this is the point that you
make that I think is absolutely right
there's so many contradictions coming
out of this White House not just on the
issue of accepting Syrian refugees but
the hypocrisy of saying it's okay to die
by conventional weapons by the hundreds
of thousands but if you die by chemical
weapons that suddenly becomes a threat
to our national security you saw the
president in 2013 say a President Obama
needs to have authorization from
Congress
he went to carry out a strike he went
yeah President Trump did not go to
Congress I know and President Trump did
not even go to Congress right to seek
that authorization he said President
Obama strike on Syria would be a
disaster here he is now doing the same
exact thing yeah and there there are
plenty of tweets 9-year of Donald Trump
saying that was a bad idea to go into
Syria he was very much against it just a
weeks ago he wanted to pull completely
out there isn't a sort of message that
makes sense and by the way if we're
there fighting Isis so is Bashar al
Assad so it's not like he and Isis are
on the same side there are so many
conflicting sides here he's fighting an
insurgency he's also fighting with Isis
I want you since you've worked in the
State Department to tell me how do we
communicate all of this that seems so
contradictory without a Secretary of
State we don't and actually that that's
a big part of the problem is that there
is no diplomatic effort ongoing prior in
the Obama administration we had a
diplomatic effort that was supposed to
be going alongside the threat of
military intervention which is generally
you
a tactical military strike and your
diplomats come in after the pressure has
been put on the enemy your diplomats
come in to try to figure out and what's
going to move forward so if you're going
to have a military strike you have to
think about what else other than Assad
if Assad goes what is the purpose the
Obama administration effort which
included Russia was to bring the
opposition to the table bring the regime
to the table and figure out what a
post-assad government could look like
right those negotiations are not
happening right now
because we have a president who thinks
that negotiation alone is a sign of
weakness he is not using all the tools
in the toolbox that we have for national
security to that point real quickly we
don't have an ambassador in Egypt in
Saudi Arabia or in cuts are three of the
strongest American allies in the region
in addition to the fact that we do not
have a state department secretary oh
okay so you don't even have the
diplomatic foot soldiers who are waking
up in capitals of Arab cities today and
saying to those governments here are the
next steps here's what we need from you
here is what we can offer you to get on
board with this there is a diplomatic
vacuum and you were asking what happens
in terms of the message we're sending
yeah we're not sending any messages
right well I mean put Malcolm we have
Jared Jared's job was to solve all of
the Middle East problems he's besties
with the de facto leader of South ruler
of Saudi Arabia he's you know pitching
lone ideas to Qatar where's Jared well
to be honest who cares because he is not
a player in this what has happened here
in Ayman just made another really good
point our diplomacy is a giant vacuum
not just in the Middle East but around
the world many ambassadors are not been
appointed virtually no under secretaries
are sitting in their positions so that
means general Madison the Defense
Department are the de facto diplomats in
this engagement they are actually
speaking and doing diplomacy with a
hammer and if that's the case then we're
gonna be fighting these wars a very long
time I'm gonna hang on everybody's
coming back something everybody come
back so we can go pay for all of this
and take Mosul break coming up one of
the stories Donald Trump would very very
very much like you do not pay any
attention to flashy thing we'll be right
back
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
