it's Friday on the beat and you know
what that means it's time to fall back
our fallback Friday get center Isiah
Whitlock from the wire and Nick Kristof
so we have cinema and journalism covered
Isaiah you've been in Goodfellas Law &
Order and you're of course known for
your iconic portrayal of politician clay
Davis on the water yes what is your name
officer protective Sydnor sir major
crimes
I do not fall alone clay think I'm gonna
be the speak go for the whole damn
machine she very memorable New York
Times journalist Nick Kristof is here
you want to pull it's a free reporting
on the Darfur genocide and I'm very
happy to say East Harlem rapper Dave
East is here you just sat down you've
recorded with nods lin-manuel Miranda
you're working on your first album with
Def Jam we're gonna show your profile in
this new Netflix documentary rapture you
ask me babysitter's I just say honey my
daughter I feel like God when I'm gonna
carry and on that stage I'm gonna tell
you like it is you know I'm saying I
already buy my song for nobody
a very special fallback Friday I could
start anywhere Isaiah who needs to fall
back this week I think Sean Hannity
needs to fall back on his criticism of
James Comey he was on the other day
talking about this comic comparing the
president to a mob boss and then he put
up Lucky Luciano and Al Capone and John
Gotti and then he put up what they were
guilty of and then he put up gambling
prostitution obstruction of justice tax
evasion and I was sitting there thinking
oh wait a minute you did have a casino
and we know about the prostitutes in
Russia and we haven't seen your tax
returns I think my boss here you think
Sean Hannity may have it exactly
backwards it needs to fall back Nick who
do you think needs to fall back this
week
so I want to take us halfway around the
world and say that Myanmar and I'm
Santucci the Nobel Peace Prize winner
need to fall back one of the problems
with this incredible historical moment
is that President Trump sucks the oxygen
out of all kinds of other issue around
the world and we have unfolding in
Myanmar essentially a genocide against
the Rohingya people I talked to a
survivor who as she was being led off to
be raped her baby was pulled from her
breasts and thrown into a bonfire and
this is a policy of throwing children
into bonfires a policy of rape and the
US needs to stand up other countries
need to stand up but what's one thing
the twelve administration could do so
there is a bill in Congress they would
provide targeted sanctions against
Myanmar leaders it has a lot of support
in the Senate including a Senate Foreign
Relations Committee senator Mitch
McConnell is holding it up because he
admires suci don't you I'm glad to have
you bringing that issue the table and
educating us a little bit on that and
McConnell and that's something we want
to stay on Davy's what's up I was glad
you're here I happen to be a fan
although I'm a fan of all of you who
needs to fall back this week oh and my
opinion I feel like
the NYPD need to fall back this week I
feel like a lot of things happen all the
time but I just seemed I was a bipolar
guy got shot ten times young over a
metal pipe or something throw the head
and they thought it was a gun but I feel
like that story is getting old and I
mean they think if somebody got
something and they kill enough when I
mean so I really feel as though um that
needs to be looked at yeah a lot more
you know I mean it's happening
everywhere but I'm from New York City so
it bothers me that the cops that police
me and my family you know I understand
is is is killing innocent people
and I'm also awful like they need to
fall back right and the idea here that
when you reach for a pipe or a wallet
the statistics show how you look and how
your profile makes all the difference in
whether force is used I'll tell you my
political fallback this week is actually
our first self fallback it's Paul Ryan
who decided he is falling back this week
and this is someone who said he was
gonna stand up to Trump he said before
the election he said quote I will never
be defending this guy and now not only
did he do a lot to maintain the Trump
agenda but now he's just fallen right
out of the whole picture after that so
he could fall back who else I said I
would say Yankee fans it's only you got
to give it maybe 50 games before you
start complaining you know you know the
weather is cold you know a lot of balls
that were hit deep dying on the track
would probably go out it's only been 12
games so I think they might need to cool
it a little bit and then fall back now
Dave before we let you out of here I
obviously want to ask about some of your
lyrics you had this line we would go
hustle so eagerly watch what I say now
because my daughter repeating me she's
repeating and I saw on the new album we
could put it up you put her right on the
album tell us about that at what you're
getting at honestly I feel like um that
just goes from my past life and how I
mature now I'm a father now
so me just saying that we used to hustle
so eagerly so that was just whatever it
took by any means we would try to get to
it you know I mean when now I have to
watch my every move I have to watch what
I say I have to watch
I have to watch pictures I take the
watch the music I put out and you're
thinking about you in her eyes my
daughter
yeah she's two now and any work anything
I say she was she started repeating I
got a you know I can't curse I got a
really I got my money watching Joe sing
just starting to pick up on things so
that's just me um realizing my position
in life now going from just being a
rapper coming out of the out of the city
so now I'm a dad you know that's a whole
nother job in itself you know I mean I'm
just trying to take it on yeah you
thought when you when you rap about
success you said every time I speak they
recorded now when we eat we eat bigger
portions and that really connected with
me personally because I have a lot of
problem with portion control yeah you
know they put out the pasta I just eat
the whole place Nick well she's to fall
back so scott pruett needs to fall back
and you know part of that is the
incredible stories we were seeing about
this 20 person security detail
round-the-clock security spending
millions of dollars on that but even
more than that it's the way he
systematically putting the chemistry
industry chemical industry in charge of
what toxic chemicals we are exposed to
and in particular he has allowed a
chemical at chlorpyrifos a nerve gas
origin that is shown to damage the
brains of young children and fetuses and
the idea that he would be unleashing
this because it is profitable right
Christoph really bring in the policy to
fall back Friday which we love
before we go Isaiah you have this
amazing bobblehead we've never ever
shown a bobblehead on the show before
but kind of amazing this is a special
bobblehead as a talking bobblehead I'm
not gonna that's it from the wire I'm
not gonna ask you what it says but I'll
play it Nick Kristof and Davies thanks
to each you've a very special fallback
Friday
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
