you know and I saw that there was if
it's true if Bob Muller has found this
out and confirmed that it is a big
liability for Michael Cohen he is denied
all along and certainly did not tell the
House Intelligence Committee that he
traveled to Prague
it was completely denied any kind of
incident like that so there is a legal
liability for him that this is true what
do you see here in collusion terms
Russian collusion with the president
well it seems like a key element like
this if he was dishonest about that then
really their story very much starts to
fall apart and it means that there's a
lot more digging that needs to be done
hopefully Bob Muller is doing it but it
also speaks to the fact that that the
House Intelligence Committee should not
have shut down its investigation and
really needs to reopen it and hopefully
the Senate can continue on this trail do
you have any hope that when Nunez the
chairman of your committee finds out
that there was a meeting in Prague and
perhaps involving the Russians and
supported financial support of their
hacking it could go all the way with the
dossier suggesting that do you believe
that that would mean Nunez would
actually become chairman in fact not
just in theory and actually would do
something with this story what he
actually do you have any hope I mean in
percentage terms between zero and 100
percent what chance do you think Nunez
will reopen the investigation of the
Russian collusion based on now this
evidence that there was such collusion
yeah I would put it at about 10 percent
unfortunately Devon you know most
rational reasonable people would
absolutely do that
but Devon unfortunately has not
conducted his investigation or himself
in that way I think he's become a toady
that's my word not yours Thank You
congressman Joaquin Castro Texas a
member of the House Intelligence
Committee let's bring in David corn our
friend Washington bureau chief or Mother
Jones at MSNBC politically David paint
the context of this now McLeod she's got
this story they apparently got it from
the US prosecuted from the Fed Special
Counsel mr. Moore's office they do have
some evidence now that there was in fact
a contradiction from what mr. Cohen had
said I was never in Prague during this
time now they have evidence that he was
proves to be true it's a stunning
development Chris if you go back to the
Christopher David steel memos which is
where the whole Michael cone Prague
angle began you know the memos alleged
the comb went to Prague and had
connections with Russians in a way to
coordinate Russian involvement in the
campaign now I'm not saying these
allegations are true but they are very
very explosive it's someone that close
to Trump at any connection with Russians
in any involvement with the intervention
and now Michael Kohn has told me and
stated publicly that he was not in
Prague this is all a complete lie so if
it turns out he was in Prague well then
the next step is again if this is true
well then what was he doing there and
are his other denials as as empty as the
Prague one so the president's on the
phone today with Michael Cohen and this
story's breaking tonight this evening on
this show right in this hour that he was
over there at a time he claimed he
wasn't there and possibly was involved
in doing what he's a cleanse alleged he
did not do get together with the
Russians Russian over there what what
did the president talk on the phone with
this guy about today this is an amazing
conversation between the brother the guy
who has this state's evidence to use
against him if he decides to flip I mean
Chris it seems like there phone call
could have lasted three hours they could
be talking about stormy Daniels about
recordings that my cone has cone has
about payments now we know that Michael
cone made about other mistresses not
necessary for Trump but for Elliott
Brody one of his fellow RNC fundraisers
I mean there is so much going on that
you know why do we trust Michael why
would he trust Michael Kahn who I don't
know his personality I assume it's a
nice guy to get along with easy no no no
he's not against him why is he dressing
him with all these dirty secrets well
he's a pit bull who said that he would
take a bullet for Donald Trump and when
she was indicate to me he might be
willing to live and he is basically the
Roy Cohn who used to be the you know by
tough New York mob war
who used to be Donald Trump's mentor
when Trump and see that I would want to
sell the name of scooter libby that bad
badly but izia is is this a message to
you since I have you won is the
pardoning and that's a serious thing the
pardoning of scooter Libya after all
these years dragging this guy's story
back for the days of the war in Iraq
pardoning this guy who kept the secret
for Cheney is this the reward say here's
a reward for you Michael Cohen if you
keep my secrets well scooter Liddy was
convicted of lying to FBI agents and
obstructing justice and so Donald Trump
is sending a message here that that's an
offense that doesn't bother him and he
did it as you noted to protect Vice
President Dick Cheney that's why he lied
and so this the example of scooter woody
is very very relevant to what's
happening now and it's hard not to see
it as a message being sent from which by
Trump to everybody else not just Michael
cone that obstructing justice in the
name of protecting your boss is not such
a bad thing so well done thank you David
corn and your book is telling that
Russian Roulettes the name of your book
about this whole thing
let's bring in congressman Jim Himes
also of the House Intelligence Committee
congressman Himes what do you make of
the fact that there is now a factual
argument this isn't about theory or
interpretation the guy was either in
Prague that time people don't go to
Prague every weekend he was in Prague at
the time he said he wasn't there he was
there according to the putting the
mowers investigation what's that tell
you about the dossier and its
credibility and what trouble that the
Trump is in now that his fixer has been
nailed yeah it's a great question Chris
I'll tell you it raises two other
questions and then it makes a very
obvious point question number one
what was said in Prague with Michael
Cohen who did it meet with what was said
what was the purpose of that trip number
two which is even more interesting is
why did he need to lie about it because
again now let's let me be clear like
everybody else I'm just reading this
story and you know I don't know the
background but if in fact there is proof
that he was in Prague why did he need to
lie to everybody including Committees of
Congress about the fact that he was
there and then Chris here's the
interesting thing you know
i-i've sat for four six months now
hearing the defenders of the president
build their entire case around the idea
that the steel dossier you know what
Carter Page calls the dodgy dossier with
the president you know completely
negates as having any bearing on reality
you know their whole point has been to
to attack this dossier well if it turns
out that in fact this individual was in
Prague that's actually a verification of
one of the one of the key charges in the
dossier and I would point out further
that really it's the one thing that
they've held up and said well look it's
not true because Michaels Cohen said he
wasn't there and he showed his passport
so the whole case built around the idea
that you know FISA warrant the
investigation by the way which wasn't
true I was Department of Justice today
is built on the fact this dossier is
inaccurate that entire case falls apart
let me ask you about rod roses tune
there's still talk that he might get
bounced to fired this weekend if that's
the case would you be for impeachment
hearings well Chris I'll tell you what I
think a lot about this in the last 48
hours and I would say this if Rosen
Stein is fired with the intention and it
all kind of comes together right now
right I mean the pardon is scooter Libya
guy that I'm pretty sure the president
has never heard of until yeah babies in
here kind favorite though he's a neo
kind writer boy okay but I mean we know
how Trump used to feel about the Iraq
war and nobody does much more than
Scooter Libby did promote that Iraq war
and now all of a sudden the guy gets
pardoned I mean this is a message right
well didn't you see that coming when he
hired Bolton my god it's the whole
neocon crowd coming back in total
violation of the campaign that he ran on
against stupid wars of these neocon wars
like with Iraq and then he brings
they're all coming back together like a
conga line it's unbelievable anyway I
would use your congressman it's an awful
political betrayal of even the people is
something to deter Kerry what's
important here you know look you know if
he fires rose in time at the end with
the intention of ending this probe that
is in my opinion and I'm not even a
lawyer but in my opinion that's very
clear obstruction of justice but what is
absolutely priority number one two and
three if that happens is reconstituting
through congressional action you know
we're going to have to
all Chuck Grassley and you know the
Republicans who have been tutting and
saying that you know ending this
investigation is political suicide in
the president's presidency you know this
will be the moment when Congress needs
to come together and say hey without
prejudice we are reconstituting this
investigation because regardless the
American people need to know the truth
and the only way we're going to know the
truth is if that investigation are you
saying it's gonna take for that wall to
fall for the roads this time to be fired
for these Republican leaders to actually
get get their act together to protect
this special counsel well you know the
bill that would protect the special
counsel is moving through committee over
on the Senate side but I would tell you
this there's one member of Congress I
would tell you it is not in a veto-proof
position right now
and so you know that this would be a
moment of accounting for an awful lot of
legislators you know are you going to
even though it you know you're your
primary voters at home may not like you
standing against the president are you
going to stand up for the rule of law in
the United States are you going to lend
an investigation nice but maybe it's
cruel to say but I think the Republican
leadership is more like chairman Nunez
than not
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
