breaking news just and it just keeps
coming in McClatchy is reporting right
now that special counsel robert mower
has evidence the trumps personal lawyer
and fixer michael cohen secretly made a
late summer trip to Prague during the
2016 presidential campaign according to
news sources familiar with the matter
confirmation of the trip with different
firm our firm part of the steel dossier
they come when strategized in Prague
with a powerful Kremlin figure about
Russian meddling in the u.s. election
and it would be one of the most
significant developments of the
investigation thus far McClatchy
reporter Peter stone broke that story
he'd just now Peter put it together in
terms of this whole puzzle of Russian
collusion well the confirmation that
cone was in Prague is pretty important
because he is vehemently denied for
months that he took a trip there in the
summer of 2016
late summer as the steel dust yay
alleged we don't have the timing
precisely right that's not been
confirmed yet but it does certainly
undercut his you know alligators
comments going back months and it does
bolster they keep a chief contention in
this field us yeah that there was a
meeting an important meeting with
Russians there nothing we don't know yet
that the Russians he discussed in the
dossier kosach EV was a powerful
legislator and an ally at Putin was at
the meeting as the dossier alleged we've
not confirmed that part yet and there
are other parts unconfirmed but it does
appear to be you know a significant
breakthrough from the Muller probe as a
look at potential collusion between the
Trump campaign and Moscow thank you so
much let me go to as Michael says
Michael Schmitt stoy Michael would you
react to this let me go let me go to
Jennifer on this the legality of this
question that's that you know we were
talking about about this this whole
question of scooter libby and this
pardon offer
what's it say that people who are out
there keeping information away from the
prosecutor right now who would might
want to flip now well it's it's
troubling obviously because they're
trying to develop these witnesses and
they already have
witnesses and Rick gates and Michael
Flynn so if he were to part in them all
of a sudden you know what's gonna happen
with those witnesses it seems to be
clearly a message to them given the
timing that they don't need to worry
about it it's questionable though
whether it's an obstruction in and of
itself I mean he's clearly incidentally
interfering with the investigation but
you have to prove intent to show it was
actually obstruction let me go to Ashley
on this thing actually this question of
the dossier looking more more profoundly
accurate now the fact that elements in
it now that's what happened or didn't
happen in the hotel room which is always
grabbed attention but the more question
about how authoritative was this
document was presented to the government
about the role that Trump played in in
the Russian relations well that's the
thing about the dossier which is when
you put it put aside all the fair
criticisms of it that it was funded by
you know as opposition research by
political opponents of the president
that it does have this one very
eye-popping and scandalous detail about
the hotel room that so far there seems
to be no evidence to prove that to be
true
this McClatchy report you know this this
would not be the first detail from that
dossier that would actually turn out to
be true and to be borne out so despite
the dossiers routes
despite the dossier the fact that not
everything in there is true a number of
details have already been proven true
and this just seems to add yet another
and add to that heft
well doesn't mr. Cohen the president's
picture and lawyer have to explain what
else he might have been doing in Prague
besides meeting with that Russian figure
I mean it seems to me that this is a
home run for the for the people up right
let me go to film on this yeah no I
agree I mean this is there are a lot of
allegations that are in the dossier
involving Carter page that's all and so
forth this is Michael Kohn is extremely
close to President Trump and this was a
very concrete allegation that was made
about Michael Cohen being in Prague and
he denied it and he denied oh yeah he do
remember let me show you this it is
possible for his passport well when the
seal dossier was first released in
January of 17 Michael Cohen as you said
fell adamantly denied the allegation
that he was ever in Prague either there
you weren't by the way in fact between
the photograph of his passport saying I
have never been to Prague in my life
fake news but as my class reports
tonight investigators
traced evidence that Cohen entered the
Czech Republic through Germany
apparently during August or early
September of 2016 as the X by reported
he wouldn't have needed a passport for
such a trip because both countries
operate with open borders yeah I mean
this is this is this was also at the
time that the dossier came out one of
these several things that was used as an
effort to undermine the dossier to say
well look at this they said that he was
in Prague and that's clearly not true so
therefore we can't assume in any of this
is true
not only that but the allegation that he
was there meeting with a Russian
obviously that he was there in Prague
that that substantially it's part of the
dossier is significant if there is if
Moeller has any hint that he was also
meeting with Russians there that is it's
really hard at that point to view this
the dossier completely much less this
particular aspect of it as anything less
than hugely significant and trump
strategy which anybody would fall which
is find the weakest point in the dossier
in the hotel room accusation which
sounds outrageous so you say that didn't
happen therefore don't believe the
dossier right and it seems they seemed
to us as we're observing the Trump team
that they saw this as a easy thing to be
able to repot so they seized upon it
I mean I'm blown away I spent a lot of
time reading the dossier I spent a lot
and I you know hearing him out in this
show is the first time I heard about it
this is a very significant development
if that's actually honestly you're the
last thought on this dossier development
tonight well I think the key thing is it
also shows to you why you know there
were questions why did the feds you know
break down Michael Khan's door why did
he why did they raid his home his hotel
room in his office and and this just
shows that he has been untruthful in the
past and they had reason to believe
he'll be untruthful again and there's
probably a lot more to discover as they
start to go through what they seized
Peter stone I want you to finish up your
reporting here tell me what you think
the impact of this information is that
he did go not needing a passport coming
through Germany that he actually did
show up meeting apparently with a
Russian figure as charged in the dossier
well again we don't have the
confirmation yet that he met with a
Russian there but it lends a lot of
credence to the allegations in the
dossier the major fact that conan so
spent so much time and so much energy
denying the whole
idea of a product meeting denying any
collusion with Russians this this is a
you know seriously undercuts his
credibility and you know I think it
strengthens the argument strengthens the
evidence for potential collusion and
that there'll be a lot more focus on you
know trying to confirm the other parts
of this that the top Russian legislator
okay yeah a trade craft question how do
you know he was there now you talk
knotty we know he's there yeah we have
sources who have tracked it and you know
we trust our sources do you have any
documentary proof or is it is it it was
a witness witness documentation witness
evidence we have sources who have told
us that they have traced it and it's
credible thank you so much Peter that
the special prosecutor has evidence of
it great Peter okay okay thank you so
much Peter stone with McClatchy with a
breaking story tonight that turns out
Michael Cohen was busy over there in
Prague on behalf of Trump perhaps it
looks like but it clearly contradicting
what he'd claimed before he had denied
ever being in there on a mission with
regard to meeting with the Russians
during the 2016 campaign now it's been
reported that he was in fact in Prague
that's a big development tonight thank
you Peter stone as I said for that
breaking story from McClatchy hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
