now to Ronna Romney McDaniel she's the
chairwoman of the Republican National
Committee and I guess OnPoint here on
Komi book push back madam chair woman
welcome back to the show thanks for
having me great to be here let me ask
you this first why why are you here in
your role as chairman of the Republican
Party or as defender of Donald Trump and
I say that because you're chairman of
all was chair of the RNC are you
speaking for the Republican Party here
in calling James Comey a liar I'm
speaking as the chair of the Republican
Party and pushing back on an FBI
director that discredited himself and is
now pushing a book trying to make money
and I think it's important that the
American people review his actions if
you look at our website lancome.com most
of the criticism comes from Democrats
and this is the one thing that there's
been bipartisan agreement agreement
about in DC in the past year and a half
which is that James kony Comey acted in
a way that was not befitting the office
of FBI director what's the lie I've been
trying to hear that the accusation that
James Comey is a liar what did he lie
about well first of all he went under
oath in front of the Congress and said
that he had never leaked and then a
month later came forward and said that
he had given his memos to a friend to
give to the press I think that's a lie
and there's many opportunities that or
examples of him not being forthcoming
throughout these investigations he
started an exoneration memo of Hillary
Clinton before interviewing her I think
that's a little dishonest and now I
think it's honest could that be part of
the investigation I mean there's an
assumption I feel like there's a lot of
leaps that get made here you it there's
basically the one thing that I hear is
what you just said about well he said he
didn't leak and then later he said he
leaked which means later he said so the
first time if he said he didn't leak and
then he comes back and he said it under
oath I think that's a lie I mean okay
that's what he said to Congress I didn't
leak I think giving your memos to a
friend to leak to the press isn't it it
is a leak and he lied about it is this a
big deal to the president I asked that
because he just pardoned somebody who's
actually a convicted
liar and a convicted leaker and I'm
referring to scooter libby well I'm not
familiar with all the situate all the
all the ish other things that went into
scooter Luby's pardon but you do know in
the scooter libby case judith miller who
was the main testimony against scooter
libby recanted her testimony she said he
was not the person who leaked the CIA
operatives name to her i think that is
one of the reasons that he was was
pardoned but i'm not familiar with all
the reasons that went into why the
president pardoned him is one of the
things that the president has said about
scooter libby he said he believes he was
treated unfairly it said the same thing
about michael Flynn he has said the same
thing about michael cohen are more
pardons in the works should should this
be is the president sending a message to
to his to his former aides that are been
swept up in the Muller probe that he'll
pardon them when necessary I'm not privy
to that I've heard nothing on that
account and that's certainly not a
conversation i would be part of as RNC
chair Republican Senator Tom Tillis
wrote an op-ed today in The Washington
Post he is one of the co-sponsors of
this bill in the United States Senate to
essentially protect Muller from being
fired in to make it difficult for the
president to directly fire Muller and he
makes the case that this is actually in
the best interest of the president that
all the speculation about Willie Irwin
II says letting his investigation run
its course is in the best interest of
the country and it is the only option to
ensure that the American people have
trust in this process but he also
believes it's good for the president do
you concur what I've heard from the
White House over and over again is that
the president's not going to fire
Moeller I don't think it's the necessary
stuff the president has said if I were
gonna fire him I would have fired him a
long time ago I don't see that in the
works what I will say though is it is
time for this investigation to come to a
conclusion we haven't seen any evidence
of Russia collusion we're now seeing the
investigation go outside the scope that
it was initially intended for and we're
coming up on an election and it's
important for the American people that
we get a conclusion as to this
investigation so that they can go to the
polls in November and and understand
once and for all that there was no
collusion
what was the extent of the Russian
meddling that they tried to do in our
election and complete this investigation
that's gone on for too long I I
understand asking for the investigation
to end but we don't know what we don't
know and you're making you're making
assumptions that they haven't found this
so they haven't found that how do you
know this well just based on the many
leaks that we've had from the Democrats
I think if there were any collusion if
there was any evidence of that we would
have heard it we haven't heard anyone
has nothing to do with it you're talking
about the stuff on Congress which is a
that house mess which is nothing but a
leak fest on either side and there was
nothing useful out of there the Muller
probe is a whole different story
there has been no evidence of Russia
collusion I do know that we have not
seen it we have not heard of it if they
have it then they would need to put it
forward there was no collusion I don't
believe there was collusion the
president has said there was no
collusion I think that's important to
put out to the American public but it is
important to get this investigation over
in a timely fashion we have an election
coming up and and not prolong it it's
been going on for almost two years now
and it's time to put it to an end it's a
it's an investigation in search of a
crime I want to ask you about a tweet
that was put out in your name and I say
this because I've heard other stories
that it maybe wasn't meant in the moment
that it was sent on March 31st a tweet
went on in her name it says Democrats
hate our president more than they love
our country what was the point of that
tweet yeah that's a was a retweet it was
something that I had said after the
State of the Union I was referring to
Democrat leadership at the time of the
State of the Union when they wouldn't
stand for our president as he talked
about things as sacred as our veterans
and as our national anthem I thought it
was appalling I continue to think that
was appalling but it was miss worded it
should not have been referring to all
Democrats many many Democrats in my
state of Michigan supported this
president continued to support this
president so you regret that you regret
the way that tweet was worded III think
it could have been worded better
absolutely and I think as Michigan chair
and that was RNC chair I recognize the
coalition that president Trump has built
I mean this is a president that's
delivering on higher wages more jobs
he's focusing on the middle class on
Union workers who were unhappy with
trade deals that didn't
advantage the American manufacturing
community this is a president who has
championed that average American family
at Democrats Republicans he wants to
bring people together and that tweet was
not worded in the way that I wish it had
been and it will be better in the future
I want to ask you about your Finance
Committee it seems to be a bit of a mess
you've had Steve Wynn had to resign from
it
you now have Elliott Brody he is now
resigned is that that he resigned and
this is the person that I apparently
worked with Michael Cohen who had to pay
off somebody who he had an affair with
who then got pregnant who then got an
abortion would you have fired Brody from
mr. Brody from the Finance Committee if
he'd not resigned today well let me
first just clarify these are volunteer
positions there's only one officer
that's the finance chairman it's Todd
Ricketts these are volunteer we have
finance people across the country and
all of our different states Ellie and I
spoke today we had a very long
conversation and we both agreed that
that was the right thing to do we don't
want to distract from what our purpose
which is to elect Republicans to keep
this majority to keep this comeback
alive with record low unemployment with
our national security of being
strengthened with our military's being
funded these are the things that
Republicans are focused on and nothing's
going to distract us from our mission
does that mean would you like Michael
Cohen to voluntarily resign at this
point is he becoming a distraction too
he's also a deputy finance chair I have
not seen all the allegations and this
has been unfolding throughout the day
I'd like a chance to talk to Michael and
I'm not going to comment on that till I
have those conversations and then this
Steve when money you were quick to get
the DNC to tell them that he should
return all Harvey Weinstein money what
you do why are you keeping Steve Wynn's
money because Harvey Weinstein admitted
wrongdoing checked into rehab Steve Wynn
is deserve due process I think due
process is something that's a
cornerstone of our election election
process of our judicial if he did
nothing wrong do you think he would have
left his company he's denying it and
he's fighting it let's let the
investigations take their course you
know there are investigations this isn't
just a hollow hollow thing there's
several investigations let's let them
take this course if they're proven true
we will absolutely return the money
due process is a cornerstone of our
judicial process and I don't want to be
into that fair enough
Ronna Romney McDaniel share of the RNC
good to see you thank you for coming on
to share news you got it hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
