and we have some breaking news this hour
in Washington from the Justice
Department's resources who have spoken
to rod Rosenstein tell NBC News the
Deputy Attorney General is prepared for
President Trump to fire him this comes
as we've also learned that Special
Counsel Robert Muller may be looking at
a quicker path to closing that
obstruction of justice probe against
President Trump with an interview with
the president now not likely to take
place for more I am joined by NBC News
national security and justice reporter
Julia Ainsley along with Carol Lee NBC
News national political reporter who
broke these exclusive stories and Frank
floozie and NBC News national security
analyst and former assistant director
for counterintelligence at the FBI
thanks to all of you Julia let me start
with you with the breaking news we just
mentioned rod Rosenstein the deputy AG
who because of sessions recusal from
this Russia matter has become very
central here you have reporting that
he's basically waiting to get fired now
well it seems that he's at peace I'll
say that I've spoken to three people who
are close confidants of Rosen Stein they
say they've talked to him through his
tenure as Deputy Attorney General and
there were times where he was incredibly
anxious they describe late-night phone
calls they describe someone who was
really worried about the way the public
would perceive him both for his decision
to fire James Comey and then under the
public criticism from the president for
his decision to appoint special counsel
Muller but now it seems that he has sort
of come to this resolved State
he's very stoic and he's saying the
phrase here I stand he's repeated that
to several people this week it's the
same phrase that Jim Comey used when he
spoke to George W Bush during a more
controversial time in his administration
it's it's something that we see people
say when they're in public service
particularly in the intelligence
community and they want to say no matter
the political winds I am here to stand
and take whatever will befall me I
believe what I have done is the right
decision that's also critical here
because he's telling people that he
thinks that there are more facts that
will come out later that will justify
his decision to write that memo from May
2017 that allowed the former FBI
director Jim Comey to be fired there's a
lot here that sort of unpacking the
mental state of Rod Rosenstein at this
time and it seems that that state is
changing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
