I want to take you inside Jim Comey's
book which is already the number one
bestseller on Amazon
despite the fact that it won't actually
be released until next week while he
details numerous aspects of his tenure
as FBI director
it is commis interactions with President
Trump that are the most notable what was
commis over arching assessment quote
this president is unethical and
untethered to truth and institutional
values his leadership is transactional
ego driven and it's about personal
loyalty Comey goes on to describe a
quote political environment where basic
facts are disputed fundamental truth is
questioned lying is normalized an
unethical behavior is ignored excused or
rewarded after Trump himself Comey
compares him to a mafia boss
specifically Sammy the bull Gravano
former underboss of the Gambino crime
family recalling his first meeting with
mr. Trump in January 2017 Comey says
quote I sat there thinking they are
trying to make each of us in America
know Amica nostra Italian for a friend
of ours to draw us in as crazy as it
sounds I suddenly had the feeling that
in the blink of an eye the
president-elect was trying to make us
all parts of the same family and that
team Trump had a quote thing of ours
he compared Trump's request for loyalty
as a post inauguration dinner
to quote Trump in the role of the family
boss asking me what it was to what it
takes to be a made man while there are a
few earth-shattering revelations in the
book some of the details really are
stunning
for example Comey says the president
brought up the Christopher Steele
dossier at least four separate times
that is the one known for the unverified
allegation that Trump was in the company
of Russian prostitutes in an interview
played on ABC's Good Morning America
Comey described his first meeting with
then president-elect Trump when he told
him about the allegations he interrupted
very defensively
and started talking about it you know do
I look like a guy who needs hookers and
I assumed he was asking that
rhetorically I didn't answer that and I
just moved on and explained sir I'm not
saying that we credit this not saying we
believe it we just thought it very
important that you know did you tell him
you thought it wasn't true or you didn't
know if it was true or not I never said
I don't believe it because I couldn't
say one way or another how weird was
that breathing really weird I was almost
an out-of-body experience for me I was
floating above myself looking down
saying you're sitting here briefing the
incoming president United States about
prostitutes
here's your head around that of course
the book is not all about the president
combing supplies his impressions of
other major figures including President
Obama Loretta Lynch Condoleezza Rice and
Jeff Sessions but he also adds a very
important caveat to what he says about
mr. Trump Comey writes quote I have one
perspective on the behavior I saw which
while disturbing and violating basic
norms of ethical leadership may fall
short of being illegal that's really
important to remember I want to bring in
phil rucker washington post white house
bureau chief who read the entire book in
one day
phil you were busy yesterday i want to
start with what President Trump tweeted
this morning because certainly it's
already gotten to him James Comey is a
proven leaker and liar virtually
everyone in Washington thought he should
be fired for the terrible job he did
until he was in fact fired he leaked
classified information from which he
should be prosecuted he lied to Congress
under oath he's a weak and untruthful
slimeball who was as time has proven a
terrible director of the FBI his
handling of the crooked Hillary Clinton
case and the events surrounding it will
go down as one of the worst botched jobs
of history it was my great honor to fire
James Comey put this slimeball aside
what do you make of that he had a lot to
say he the President did have a lot to
say this morning and it's not surprising
because we see him punch back all the
time to criticism and there was a lot of
criticism in this book as you just
played earlier and in setting up your
panel here
call me painted a really scathing
portrait of the president not only of
his presidency and his conduct in office
but of his character he describes the
presidency as a forest fire that has to
be contained he describes him as a
congenital liar as a dishonorable
untrustworthy unethical leader for this
country who kept again and again and
again blurring the traditional
boundaries between the politics of the
white west wing in the White House and
the independence of the FBI as it
pursues justice okay well those are some
pretty strong charges from the president
to say that Jim Comey should be
prosecuted for leaking classified
information committing perjury is there
any truth to those allegations well it's
a pretty misleading charge from the
president I I'm it's not exactly clear
what he was referring to but I assume
he's referring to the alleged leak of
that memo that Comey wrote Comey
maintains and explains us in its book
that it actually wasn't a leak because
it wasn't a government document it was
effectively a diary entry of recounting
his dinner with the president that he
passed along to a friend with the hopes
that it would get out publicly to a
reporter because he was so disturbed by
that dinner he felt it important that
the American people know what happened
that night I want to drill down into the
question of rent Russian interference in
the 2016 election because there your
article quotes the book saying Trump
asked only one question you found there
was no impact on the result right Comey
recalls being struck that neither Trump
nor his advisers asked about the future
Russian threat nor how the United States
might prepare to meet it rather Comey
writes they focus on how they could spin
and what we just told them what you take
away from that exchange that was such a
striking scene in the book because this
is when president elect Trump and all of
his advisors as national security team
but as well as his political team were
being briefed with classified
information for the very first time
documenting exactly how Russia went
about trying to interfere with the 2016
presidential election to help Donald
Trump win the briefing was conducted by
clapper by Comey Brennan was there as
well the former CIA director and there
were no questions from the Trump team
according to KO music
the only question is you just read there
was from the president-elect and it
wasn't really much of a question more of
a statement trying to assert that the
the interference from Russia had nothing
to do with the end result of the
election with which clapper had to
remind them twice in that briefing
according to Comey the intelligence
community never did that assessment it's
not their job to determine the political
impact all they do is gather the facts
to demonstrate that Russia did in fact
interfere in the election in the United
States
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
