this note there's a new Washington
post/abc News poll that shows seven in
ten is at the number Alex seven and ten
support blows focus on illusion with
Russia they support the throw with
Russia so they support the probe and
you're reporting among other things is
leading many to believe Trump won't talk
what else well what we learned in
talking to a bunch of sources is that
the president is has shifted in his view
of an embed of an interview with robert
muller and that at least for right now
in this very moment he doesn't want to
do it and he's he's not inclined to sit
down and do this interview and this all
happened it's part of the fallout from
this raid on michael cohen and what we
learned was that at that same time that
that raid was happening the president's
legal team was in the final stages of
negotiations on what the parameters of
an interview would be and they were
talking about several final sticking
points on how long it would be and when
robert muller would would issue a report
now the sources say that both sides are
proceeding as if an interview is very
unlikely to happen and what that means
specifically for the obstruction of
justice piece of the investigation
according to people we talked to is that
that time frame for when that report
could be finalized could speed up their
president's legal team was talking to
Robert moulds office about you know him
issuing a report within three to four
months after the president would have
sat for an interview our understanding
is that without an interview if Muller
proceeds and decides he's not going to
subpoena the president that he can close
out that portion of the investigation
and issue an obstruction of justice
report much earlier so just to sprinkle
in a couple more numbers from that
Washington post/abc poll you have clear
majorities on several questions
supporting Bob Mahler 69 percent support
him looking to collusion between the
Trump campaign and the Russian
government 64 percent suppose support
Muller investigating Trump's business
activities and 58 percent support Muller
investigating whether or not Trump's
associates paid hush money to women who
say they had affairs with him so well
they are six
upon that 64% to say they can
investigate his business yeah
that to me is is this silver boy is the
kill shot more than anything else that
if you're gonna look into this guy's
visit and obviously a lot it's gonna
come out of the cone raid you're gonna
come up with things that have not even
been talked about a thought about at
this point yeah
beyond the Russian collusion beyond the
obstruction of justice you're going to
see things done in a certain way that
people clearly I don't think understand
how Donald Trump is conducting business
last twenty and Jonathan we have seen
something happen over the past month or
two I think it probably has been since
the indictment of the Russians by robert
muller and people read through it or at
least saw news about it and they said
wait a second this is real and so you
have seventy percent of americans saying
we want the Moller investigation to
continue on collusion now almost sixty
five percent almost two-thirds of
americans are saying we want donald
trump's and past business dealings
investigated as well this has really
expanded robert muller has become a
rarity in american politics
a man who who has the trust of over
two-thirds of the american people that
just doesn't happen in america anymore
and a lot of it i guess has to do with
the way he's conducted this
investigation head down that's right no
leaks no showboating buttoned down head
down no leaks you said exactly right and
it shows that the sort of effort on the
right to undermine Muller's credibility
has not been successful his poll numbers
have only gone up in recent weeks and
every time the president launches in
all-caps tweet the screams witch-hunt it
feels more and more desperate and i
think you are right well that's what the
hannity segment was about last night
newt gingrich is calling an american
hero who's committed his entire life to
fighting in the Vietnam War when Newt
was running around trying to seek as
many deferments as he could well Donald
Trump was running around trying to seek
as many deferments as he could a guy who
decided not to cash in and make tons of
money into law but decided instead that
he wanted to keep serving his country
and they desperately attacked this
American Hero why the desperation
setting in right right it seems that way
there's there's absolutely concern among
Trump and his allies that there's real
momentum behind the probe right now and
I think Muller is also his high standing
here shows an appetite among Americans
too to have a figure like this right now
like a figure of integrity and
credibility when it seems like our
politics don't have a lot of that at
this particular moment and you know to
back up what Carole said I mean the
president has said all along that he
wanted to talk to Trump to talk to
Muller he wanted to sit down do his
investigation his lawyers been
constantly against it they seemed to be
on a path to get there too in some
fashion or form but everything our
reporting says as well that that seems
very unlikely now Barbara McQuade you
heard Carole's reporting there that Bob
Mahler and his team at the special
counsels office moving forward with the
assumption there will be no interview
with the president United States all so
Carol and her investigative team
reporting that in effect the obstruction
case has begun to take shape and that
they have the four bullets that Carol
laid out including the intent to fire
Jim Comey the president's role in
drafting that memo aboard Air Force One
about the tort our meeting in 2016
saying it was about an adoption when it
was to get dirt on Hillary Clinton and
the list goes on how important do you
believe as a prosecutor yourself it is
to get President Trump in the chair
across from Bob Muller or is it well one
of the main reasons to get President
Trump in the chair is to get his side of
the story if there is any legitimate
defense here if he had any proper motive
as opposed to a corrupt intent then you
want to hear it you'd like to hear it at
this stage and maybe avoid going down
the path of reporting and potential
criminal charges but if you know he
doesn't want to at some point Robert
Miller has to make a decision
is it worth using a subpoena to compel
him which could escalate to some
constitutional crisis or at the very
least cause severe delay in what he
wants to do or simply say I've got
enough I've got enough evidence of
corrupt intent I've given him a chance
to tell his side of the story and if he
doesn't want to avail himself of that
then let's just go forward so it seems
like that is where Robert Muller is
he'll have to make that decision but it
sounds like he has concluded
let's just go here's the evidence I have
and there is likely if he's going
forward sufficient evidence to prove all
of the elements of the offense which
includes that corrupt intent Muller's
obviously kept a pretty tight lid on his
investigation from
the bits though that we've been able to
decipher from some of the reporting
we've seen what does it look like to you
as a prosecutor who's done these kind of
things where this case is right now
where does Bob Muller stand well it
sounds like he has completed the
obstruction of justice phase and that he
continues to investigate the links with
Russia pay so kind of to different
segments of the case but it sounds like
he may carve out the obstruction case
which is a more finite case really
there's only a few discreet acts that
would or would not constitute
obstruction of justice if he has
exhausted all of the interviews and
looked at all the documents relating to
that it sounds like maybe he's ready to
put that piece before the American
people I think people would like to see
that the Russia piece obviously far more
complex it involves people all over the
world financial records all over the
world that may take some time to be able
to move that piece of the case so
Jonathan Swan Robert Muller will be
presenting his findings to rod
Rosenstein question is what he does with
it from there also question to you is
what is his standing and at this point
the president wants to get rid of him
there's no it's not black it's not why
it's it's very clear if there's no sorry
there's no gray about it he wants to get
rid of rod Rosenstein he his team his
legal team
Ty Cobb Don McGann desperately trying to
persuade him not to it seemed yesterday
from that tweet that at least he's you
know deferred for who knows how long 24
48 hours a month a week it's impossible
to know but what we do know and you
talked about it earlier Sean Hannity
that there isn't a communications
director in the White House right now
but to the extent that one exists sean
hannity is close to the communications
director lou dobbs you could say that
you know an amalgamation of the two of
them the communications director so what
they are saying on air is what the
President believes and he wants to get
rid of them look I'm not there are
people who are very sanguine about it
when he talked to Republicans on the
hill they say oh it's never gonna happen
we don't need legislation etc etc I'm
not of that view at all I'm not I I
don't know how where they derive their
confidence from because the president
privately has been complete
right up to the edge to the point where
staff have been incredibly concerned and
that raid on Michael Collins office that
wasn't just another incremental news
story in the Russia case that was a very
very important story because any time
the investigation goes near Donald
Trump's business his anxiety levels go
way up and it's completes a completely
different order to any of the other
stories that have come out over the last
few months it's a very very important
story and Cara Lee as I heard on e
actually say the other day and I'm sure
your reporting shows it there's a real
fear that once you lift up that rock you
see much in 20 years of dealing that's
that's just going to cause the
investigation to expand even more and
again it's worth repeating because
apparently Donald Trump and Republicans
don't understand this that investigation
is moving forward in the Southern
District of New York independent of
Robert Muller
yeah and Jo it also to add that you know
our reporting show there are among the
people that we spoke with who are
familiar with this investigation
expectation is that there could be a
flurry of activity around the one-year
anniversary of Robert Mahler's
appointment which would be next month
and you know whether that means
additional things like we've seen this
week or other indictments you know we
don't know but there's there's the
expectation is this particularly as you
get closer to the fall when we have an
election that there will be a
significant amount of more activity the
other thing that we learned was that you
know the president's Lee if Marvin
Muller were to subpoena the president
the president's legal team has been
discussing how to push back on that and
one of the things that they talked about
is this are to make an argument that if
you can indict a president you can't
subpoena presidents oh right you know as
we were talking earlier it is something
that if remoter were to do that he that
could tip off a constitutional crisis
and certainly a very combative battle
with the president
caryl lenok as you take a look at what's
being uncovered in this raid of Michael
Cohen's office Michael Cohen has
everything that's one thing that's clear
he's Trump's personal attorney and has
been for a long 15 years my god so he
has everything that's chilling where it
should be with an attorney but fixer the
guy who's out there and doing so yeah
exactly on behalf of President Trump
when we know that there's obviously
these issues with payments to women
payments that happened that we know and
and the question is was there any
violation of campaign finance law
there's the Access Hollywood tapes which
are being focused on and I wonder if
that means are there more tapes that
were concealed because I know there were
more but I believe there were a lot more
tape Carol what he had but no my
question to Carol actually what are we
learning about Michael Cohen's loyalty
that everyone talks about he has this
deep loyalty for the president would he
be willing to lie and conceal for Trump
so Michael Cohen is fiercely loyal if
nothing else his loyalty to the
President and to Donald Trump for many
years it's hard to find someone of that
level of that degree of loyalty his
fierceness actually is one of the
hallmarks of the relationship I mean
there's some amazing four-letter words
that people have heard if they have
brought up things that were embarrassing
to Donald Trump and and threatened to go
public with them there have been some
amazing things that he has said to
reporters which would I'm glad we don't
have recordings of those however I would
stress that this is part of the reason
mica that the president lost his mind on
Monday when he would learn that his own
communications by name were being sought
with Michael Cohen as for Michael Cohen
flipping that's really hard for me to
see but that is central in this case
while robert muller has kicked this
essentially to the Southern District of
New York
you can totally imagine that the goal
ultimately is to put Michael Cohen up
against the wall on the issues of
potential bank fraud potential campaign
finance violations
potential wire fraud all of which are
things mentioned in the search of his
properties and and tell him look you're
in big trouble here and we need your
information about things that happened
during the campaign and about
communications you had with Donald Trump
that may not be recorded yeah how does
he know you know I remember Donny
reading the process when you actually
had gates going through this painful
process the feds were coming after him
and you started getting reports that his
family you know his children his wife
were asking him begging him
hey cooperate with the authorities we
don't have the money for this we don't
want to see you go to jail yes I heard
you say and other people saying it is
true I had not really met Cohen in the
past but you know he attacked me he said
he was gonna sue me I called him a hug
over Twitter and these were my younger
days when I was a little more hot-headed
back when I was 54 hi I met I met him
news like nothing happened he was a nice
charming guy sort of playing a role bell
so from everything I've heard he's a guy
who loves his family desperately who-who
who cares about his children desperately
and I I I you can just see the writing
on the wall he knows he's done things
that that turn him sideways with the law
is he really not going to see his
children for 30 years is he really not
going to see his wife for 30 years I I
don't buy that
I think he's gonna end up like gates
doing the right thing and cooperating
with the authorities and telling them
the truth I am and I've took Michael's a
friend of mine and day before yesterday
I spent a lot of time with him and
Michael is fiercely loyal he is he
really has and he has tremendous
affection he also there is a it's his
identity is caught up in it he believes
and he has served this man and he has
not done anything wrong he genuinely
believes that obviously that's gonna
that's gonna be up for the US attorneys
to decide
he also understands what's coming at him
he's not a fool he's not a dumb guy and
yes Michael Cohen I do believe this is
all gonna come down on Michael Cohen and
Michael Cohen is gonna have to do some
searching some soul-searching and where
he is and he's a very proud man
I know smart for people he said he is he
has done his job over the years and he's
at a point wait a second I just did my
job what how am I in this position and
you know he knew that knock on the door
was he said to he said to me I really
was gonna be a knock at some point he
understands this and Michael Cohen has a
lot of soul-searching to do Michael
Cohen I think at the end of the day all
of us in that position would side with
our family I can't speak for Michael
Cohen of what's gonna happen but he's a
man with a lot on her shoulders right
now and is holding up incredibly well
incredibly well but it will come down
comes down to the question are you going
to be more loyal to Donald Trump and his
children when Donald Trump's not even
loyal to his own children are you going
to be more loyal to Europe wife and your
own family if they are asking you to
cooperate and tell the truth so your
children have a father for the next 30
years we're starting to learn that this
country is littered with people who have
got close to Donald Trump and are now
facing the prospect of how much it could
burn them whether they've made a
Faustian deal like you know Newt
Gingrich talking about the Gestapo or
whether it's Michael Cohen who with
feels like he was just doing his job and
that's going to cause them problems
Barbara I just want to ask you one last
question this is at a point where it's
very complicated
and there are several investigations
going on mullahs now also New York
if Muller wraps up his investigation
with the report comes out next month
just clarify for us what happens to the
mullah probe after that and then what
happens to the other legal probes what
kind of a legal landscape are we looking
at going forward well I think even after
Robert Muller submits a report and
obstruction of justice if he does sort
of bifurcate them in this way it sounds
like he will continue to work on the
Russia interference piece of the case
that that one is not nearing conclusion
so that he would continue that work and
then his other investigation now in the
Southern District of New York will also
continue that could expand in other ways
and so there now seem to be sort of
three components to all of this and
those will continue so you know I know
Robert Muller has a reputation of acting
with urgency so I think even that other
piece the Russian interference he will
push to reach conclusion as soon as he
possibly can
Barbara McQuade Jonathan Swan Carole
lenok Carol Lee thank you all for
helping out this morning still ahead on
Morning Joe Law Professor Jonathan
Turley says president Trump could be
building a strong case Wow against
himself plus several Republicans like
Orrin Hatch say firing Bob Muller would
be damaging to the country but so far
the party isn't ready to protect the
special counsel through legislation a
group of Republicans are on a mission to
change that and they're taking that
message straight to the American people
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
