but the other day to make sure everybody
watches this takedown of Muller yeah
that Sean Hannity did for him so when
you're doing the president's bidding
sometimes things you don't get the whole
story you know you get one side of the
story because they want to help
President Trump well you get one side of
the story also the people that were
attacking robert muller it was
extraordinary that you had ethically
challenged sycophants these quislings as
walter isaacson called them yesterday
attacking a man who spent his entire
life serving this country I mean he led
a marine rifle platoon in Vietnam Bob
Muller was awarded a Bronze Star Bob
Moeller was awarded a navy commendation
several medals he got the Purple Heart
Bob Muller was awarded the the
Vietnamese Cross of gallantry he chose
to remain in Vietnam when he could have
easily gone home after this American
hero who didn't even have to be there
had been shot through the thigh but the
president's lackeys they're calling
mauler corrupt they're calling him the
head of a crime family all to defend a
person who refused time and time again
to answer the call of service when
America needed their service Donald
Trump Wow Donald Trump was a somewhat
athletic young man he played football
and tennis and squash yet unlike Robert
Muller Donald Trump took five deferments
four for college and one for bad feet
this guy that played football golf
tennis and every sport he could and ask
yourself about those also leading trumps
charge against a war hero where were
they Newt Gingrich opted out of service
himself taking student and marriage
deferments over and
over again during the Vietnam War that
bob muller chose to fight for to defend
this country shot through the thigh
continued fighting and defending this
country Joe to Geneva he said in 2003
that he was classified 1y for an eye
issue but he also said I think you have
to think very seriously about since you
did not serve particularly at a time of
war whether or not you should ever seek
public office when you did not serve
when you had a chance to serve also
consider the ethics of the people who
were attacking Moeller other people Sean
Hannity who kept pushing seth rich
conspiracies after his parents and loved
ones were begging him to stop making
that immeasurable pain that family was
filling even worse a newt gingrich
punished by the house for raking in
money from the speaker's chair and he's
the one who compared robert muller
American Hero Vietnam War hero and also
FBI agents the same FBI agents that have
defended us after 9/11 that defend us
every day that are working around the
clock right now as you wake up in
America to stop the next domestic attack
from Isis yes robert muller war hero
american hero and the men and women the
FBI were compared by Newt Gingrich to
mass murdering thugs we're supposed to
have the rule of law it ain't the rule
of law when they kick in your door at
three o'clock in the morning and you're
faced with our men and you you have had
no reason to be told you're going to
have that kind of treatment that's a
that's Stalin that's the that's the
Gestapo in Germany that shouldn't be the
American FBI
I remember in 2003 or 2004
when Ted Kennedy compared our men and
women fighting in Iraq to brown shirts
it's pretty rough on him I am and so
were all the other Republicans and and
and other conservatives I I just I want
Republicans on Capitol Hill I want the
people who run Fox News to look at that
tape
I know Newt and I've liked Newt but they
want Newt to look at that tape again and
I want him to ask himself and I want
FoxNews to ask themselves and I want
Republicans on Capitol Hill to ask
themselves now what conservatives across
America to ask themselves are you
comfortable with a spokesperson a lackey
for the President of the United States
comparing the men and women of the FBI
who protect us every day comparing them
to Nazis who slaughtered upwards of 12
million people Newt are you really
comfortable
comparing the FBI to Joseph Stalin I
asked those leading Fox News I asked
Republicans on Capitol Hill I
conservatives across America are you
really comfortable attacking law
enforcement officers and personnel who
are protecting your children against the
next Isis terror attack on American soil
comparing those FBI agents to Joseph
Stalin a man who killed between 25 and
40 million of his own people now you
know the difference between Joe Stalin
show trials and his mass slaughters the
difference
between Adolf Hitler and his show trials
and his mass slaughters or he could say
Mao and his show trials and his mass
slaughters and the United States of
America is actually at the end of the
day we are a nation of laws a dictator
can't just say hey go break down doors
because we have a rule of law we have a
United States Constitution we have legal
procedural safeguards we have the Bill
of Rights
every one of those safeguards given to
us from our founding fathers each one
was checked off and there is a federal
judge Newt Gingrich somewhere in New
York City that you are also comparing to
Joseph Stalin and Adolf Hitler because
they signed off on the warrants and
actually when you start comparing Robert
and bowler
to Stalin or Hitler you're not attacking
Robert Muller
you're attacking the United States of
America you're attacking the United
States Constitution you're attacking the
genius of our founding fathers to make
sure that for over two hundred and forty
years those sort of abuses haven't
happened here and they're still not
happening here
you know Robert Muller an apology you
owe the men and women of the FBI apology
and you owe the American people an
apology
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
