Dave 448 of the Trump administration and
during this time when the president
appears to be mulling over firing both
people and missiles along comes Trump
nemesis and former FBI director James
Comey with a new book a copy of which
has been obtained by this news
organization the book is called a higher
loyalty truth lies and leadership and in
reviewing it tonight the New York Times
says quote the former FBI director James
B Comey calls the Trump presidency a
forest fire that is doing serious damage
to the country's norms and traditions
this president is unethical and
untethered to truth and institutional
values Comey writes his leadership is
transactional ego driven and about
personal loyalty
Jonathan Lemire of The Associated Press
writes Comey quote cast Trump as a mafia
boss like figure who sought to blur the
line between law enforcement and
politics and tried to pressure him
regarding his investigation into Russian
election interference Philip Rucker of
the Washington Post details how in the
book Comey writes about Trump's
obsession with trying to prove those
infamous allegations in the steel
dossier untrue quote Comey writes that
Trump called him and said he was
concerned about the dossier being made
public and was fixated on the
prostitutes allegation the
president-elect argued that it could not
be true because he had not stayed
overnight in Moscow but had only used
the hotel room to change his clothes
Comey also writes that interacting with
President Trump gave him quote
flashbacks to my earlier career as a
prosecutor against the mob the silent
circle of ascent the boss in complete
control the loyalty oaths the
us-versus-them worldview the lying about
all things large and small in service to
some code of loyalty that put the
organization above morality and above
the truth
the former FBI director also details
that January 27th 2017 that dinner at
the White House on that night with
President Trump The Washington Post
points out quote as the
concluded Trump returned to the issue of
loyalty I need loyalty Trump tells Comey
according to the book you will always
get honesty from me Comey replies that's
what I want honest loyal T Trump said
reaching what Comey writes was some sort
of deal in which we were both winners
and Phil Rutger sums it up this way
quote the book is an indictment of
Trump's presidency as well as of his
character each chapter can be
interpreted as an elaborate trolling of
Trump starting with the title a higher
loyalty a subtle reference to the
loyalty pledge that Trump sought and did
not receive from Comey
so far there has been no response to any
of this from the White House but on that
let's bring in our leadoff panel on a
Thursday night Phillip Rucker White
House bureau chief for The Washington
Post
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press both have already
read commis book also with us former US
attorney Joyce Vance who spent 25 years
as a federal prosecutor welcome to you
all Jonathan I'll start with you how
does Comey come across in this book
choral airily how does Trump come across
in this book among James commis final
words in this book in his epilogue he
says Donald Trump's presidency threatens
much of what is good about this nation
he holds little back it is a scathing
indictment of the president both on
high-minded ideals and also the handful
of cheap shots
he sort of mentions that when he does
finally meet him in Trump Tower in
January 2017 he notices Trump's hand
size and as though he notes that Trump's
hand seems to be of normal proportions
the commis hands himself were bigger he
notes that his skin was orange they
seemed to have the idea of the outlines
of where his tanning goggles may have
been and repeatedly he goes back to the
idea that the president seemed ill
suited to the job and not up to it and
it'll qualified in temperament to be
President in it√≠d states that he often
as indicated there seemed to have a mob
like mentality about it that he kept
trying to sort of demand like the sort
of mafia ask vows of loyalty that it
kept coming back to the salacious
details of the dossier they seem
really concerned about the idea that
what the Russians may have on him or you
know he of course denies them but he
thinks that these allegations are out
there he's afraid of what his wife might
think if there's even a 1% chance the
Melania Trump would think they're true
but that would be very upsetting and
Comey sort of in his book writes that he
is surprised that that marriage would be
such where his wife would even think
that there is a 1% chance as opposed to
a hundred percent chance that it
couldn't be true but perhaps most
damning indictment of all in that
particular meeting in Trump Tower is
that at no point Comey rights does the
President or any of his advisors around
him when presented with information with
with proof with Russian interference
deduction at no point do they say well
how did this happen and how can we stop
it from happening again
Phil Rutger you point out as Jonathan
just did the instances of trolling in
this book it gets detailed it gets
personal I've heard some folks on
television tonight already say that it
may take away from the heft and the
seriousness of the book that Comey can't
help himself but get into that do you
think Trump can avoid reacting to this
book I think we're gonna see a reaction
at some point whether it's later tonight
or you know six o'clock in the morning
or later on in the weekend but I don't
think the president's going to be able
to restrain himself from commenting on
what he's seeing on television tonight
about this book in terms of the the
trolling it's interesting there there
are chapters in this book that had
nothing to do with Trump ostensibly it's
a memoir it's the story of Jim Comey's
life and yet you're reading it and you
think about Trump and I think that's by
design there's a whole chapter about how
Comey was bullied in elementary school
in high school thrown against the locker
teased beaten up mocked by his
classmates and he gets into the
psychology of the bully he also
ruminates on the psychology of the liars
why people lie how when they tell small
lies they then tell big lies they
encircle themselves with fellow Liars
and it creates a whole culture of life
around lying and I think that's a very
deliberate move by Comey to try to paint
a portrait of this president as frankly
unethical and unfit to hold this office
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
