welcome back former White House chief
strategist he's back Steve Bannon you
remember this guy pushed out of the
White House last summer
reportedly has plans or has a plan to
derail derail the Russia investigation
Washington Post reporting Fannin is
pitching his plan to White House aides
and congressional allies for Trump to
quote fire Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosen Stein who of course oversees the
work of Special Counsel Muller Bannon is
also recommending the White House sees
its cooperation with Muller reversing
the policy of trumps legal team also
this morning the infamous Access
Hollywood tape is back in the headlines
NBC News has learned the agents who
raided Trump lawyer Michael Cohen's
hotel in office Monday we're also
looking for any records related to that
video in which Trump of course made
vulgar comments about women Access
Hollywood is an NBC Universal program I
want to bring my panel back and Robert
Costa who wrote that first story for The
Washington Post and of course you know
whom is the moderator for Washington
week on PBS okay Roberto what exactly is
Steve Bannon trying to do here but this
clearly he wants attention cuz otherwise
he would be funneling this through the
alt-right but he's gone to El Jefe you
what does he want all of us to know
Roberto El Jefe I love it but when you
look at vannin he's trying to talk to
people in the White House talk to the
president's friends and try to prod the
president along to fire rod Rosenstein
the Deputy Attorney General this is part
of this broader clamor on the right of
American politics within the Republican
Party to disrupt the Justice Department
in the Muller probe so when you think
about Steven bannon's relationship with
the president you wrote in your piece if
you say bannon's name around President
Trump it's not a pretty sight that might
be the case in normal times but
President Trump will take any advice he
can right now to end this Muller
investigation and it seems like there's
a there's clearly a shortage of good
ideas so is he gonna listen to him
that's the open question there are
people inside of the White House who
still talked to Steve Bannon and they're
their back channels of sorts as the
White House figure out its strategy on
the mulher probe but there's a lot of
skepticism about Steve Bannon in
side of the west wing as well you just
think back a few months ago to the fire
and fury book in January Bannon was in
essence banished from the White House
because of the comments in that book so
how this all plays out it's hard to say
but there is there people in the
conservative media world people in the
White House people outside of the White
House who are telling the president fire
Rosenstein fire rosin sign you remember
Steve Bannon wants to blow the whole
thing up Brett what do you think is
gonna happen here
I think he's gonna fire Rosen soon and I
think from the president's point of view
because he is desperate to stop the
mauler investigation because I think the
mauler investigation is getting close to
being explosive and present presidency
ending for him it's good advice it's
terrible for the country it would be a
disgrace to the interests of Justice and
the interests of the truth but if you're
the president and you feel that your
enemies are getting closer to you it's
good advice I want to share what Sarah
Huckabee Sanders said yesterday the
president certainly has been clear that
he has a very deep concern about the
direction that the special counsel and
other investigations have taken this
investigation started off as rush of
collusion of which there was none that
has been very clear that nothing has
come up over the last year you ever
noticed President never mentions money
laundering and neither does Sarah
Huckabee Sanders I do what message is
she sending us
I think she's sending us prepare for the
firing of rod Rosenstein and prepare for
total and all-out war on the Moller
investigation that's clearly the message
of the Trump was doing on Fox with the
with the Fox News was doing it in a
circus format yeah and that's why I
think he might be more open to bannon's
advice on this obviously he's mad about
the stuff that banned and said in the
book and you know throwing his family
members under the bus and he hates that
but I think he is looking for people to
tell him to get rid of the Deputy
Attorney General and to fight the Moller
probe because he is very nervous about
where it's going into his personal
financial affairs into the Access
Hollywood tape all these other avenues
he's looking for a reason to make a move
on the Justice Department and I agree
with breathitt to be disastrous for the
country I think would be disastrous for
him politically too
he may be able to protect himself to a
degree but if you want to turn
Republicans finally against him on
Capitol Hill some of them that could
happen with this fire in your art let's
share what Orrin Hatch tweeted yeah he
tweeted anyone advising the president in
public or over the airwaves to fire Bob
Muller does not have the President or
the nation's best interest at heart .
you think that's just one hatch as a
voice from a different generation he's
and and like so many other republicans
giving this advice he has he has one
foot out the door but the simple truth
is that the president has succeeded in
persuading his conservative base that
the muller investigation is a witch-hunt
it's it's an effort to destroy him
politically that there was absolutely no
collusion you just heard Sarah Sarah
Huckabee Sanders making this point
directly but it's exactly that it's a
deep state conspiracy now that view is
wrong and it is dangerous but it is
persuasive to most Republicans and the
way the president plays politics is not
what he ought to have done reach out to
Democrats or independents on the other
side it's to consolidate his base to
make them an aggrieved minority and to
believe that their that they're being
persecuted and it works listen you got
Paul Ryan leaving town so you do make a
good point Robert I want to ask you
about the FBI agents so FBI agents go to
Michael Cohen's apartment they go to the
hotel room they go to the office the
other day and we should make it clear
Cohen had note it had noted that they
were very respectful there was not an
issue while the president said the FBI
broke in and raided the apartment which
we know is not the case but why is
Access Hollywood the Access Hollywood
tape significant some are saying why are
we bringing this up again but we have to
remember the Access Hollywood tape
happened on October 7th the same exact
day hours apart from when there was the
John Podesta wiki's wiki leak email dump
so if there are people out there if the
FBI Robert Muller
if the if they're looking for collusion
with Russia doesn't that take us back to
this October 7th strange that both those
things would happen on that very same
day
the mullet probe is always hard to read
but when when you look at how Criminal
Investigations work if they see possible
crimes even if it's campaign finance
violations or campaign finance crimes
that are perhaps that come across the
scope of the investigation they have to
pursue that and so when you see through
the the smaller investigation in recent
weeks is they're looking at payments
that Michael Cohen or allies or the
President may have made during the
course of the campaign where the money
came from how it was reported whether it
was a donation whether was not reported
as a donation and just how this all
played out throughout the course of the
Trump campaign what do you think about
this Brett look you know I think that it
you you have a situation in which the
president I think is facing certain
impeachment if the Democrats take take
the house as it now looks increasingly
likely that they will so the president
is going to have to play a much harder
game than he's been playing so far all
of the interest is ultimately to shut
down a shutdown the Moller probe to try
to keep the Senate and try to make
Americans forget that this happened in
two years time okay but clearly they're
not looking at the access hollywood tape
because it's offensive to women they're
looking for for collusion if robert
muller finds something here even if even
if democrats don't win in midterms can
republicans stand by the president if
Muller has damning findings well this is
where I sort of disagree with Brett a
little bit on the politics of this
because Republicans are very much afraid
of losing the House of Representatives
they're on a path to doing that now
they're gonna lose it because they're
gonna lose suburban districts they're
gonna lose women some of whom voted for
Trump white women and if there is all
this damning information that comes out
I'm not saying we're quite at that point
yet but if there is and Republicans
rally to this small Trump smaller Trump
base and protect their president at all
costs they're basically guaranteeing
that they're gonna lose the house maybe
they say the Senate but I think there
could we're not at that point there
could become a point where the
allegations are so damning Trump's moves
to undermine the Justice Department are
so completely out of step with American
tradition in history that Republicans
have got to swallow going against Trump
and protect the molar
station and protect the Justice
Department and our justice except the
problem is the ships are all leaving the
sinking rat
so you know you know I I just don't see
that happening
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
