day 447 of the Trump administration and
we have breaking news tonight about one
time White House chief strategist Steve
Bannon who was pushed out of the White
House last summer
The Washington Post reports tonight he's
back and he's got a plan to try to
derail the Muller investigation and to
protect the president Robert Costa who
joins us in a moment rights Bannon quote
is pitching a plan to west wing aides
and congressional allies to cripple the
federal probe into Russian interference
in the 2016 election according to four
people familiar with the discussions the
first step these people say would be for
Trump to fire Deputy Attorney General
Rod J Rosenstein who oversees the work
of Special Counsel Robert Muller and in
recent days signed off on a search
warrant of Trump's longtime personal
lawyer Michael Cohen Bannon is also
recommending the White House cease its
cooperation with Muller reversing the
policy of trumps legal team also tonight
the infamous Access Hollywood tape is
back in the headlines the video that
threatened to derail candidate Donald
Trump's campaign is now rocking the
White House the New York Times was first
to report that the agents who raided
Trump attorney Michael Cohen's
residences and office on Monday we're
looking for any records related to that
video the Washington Post's Carol
lennick also covering that story and
standing by to join us she reports
investigators who executed the search
warrant on Cohan quote sought all his
communications about a 2005 Access
Hollywood tape that captured Trump
boasting about grabbing women's body
parts according to a person familiar
with the investigation they also quote
sought Cohen's communications with Trump
and campaign surrogates about potential
sources of negative publicity in the
lead-up to the 2016 presidential
election the Post reports the warrant
seems to indicate that investigators are
looking into whether Michael Koch Cohen
played any role in suppressing negative
stories like that video the recording
was an outtake from a 2005 episode of
Access Hollywood and NBC Universal
program this is just part of what the
nation first heard on October 7th to
thousand and sixteen one month before
the presidential election with a gold
I'm gonna use some tic-tacs just in case
is that kissing her
you know I'm automatically attracted to
beautiful I just started kissing them
it's like a magnet just I don't know
anyone you're a star they let you do it
you can do anything whatever you want
grab them by the now that radon Michael
Cohen has reignited president Trump's
anger at the Special Counsel Robert
Muller and Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein as well as about the Russia
investigation the Cohen raid was not
officially part of the Russia inquiry
but was triggered by a referral from
Muller to the US Attorney's Office for
the Southern District of New York and
signed off on by Rosenstein in this
morning the president sent this tweet
much of the bad blood with Russia is
caused by the fake and corrupt Russia
investigation headed up by the all
Democrat loyalists or people that worked
for Obama Muller is most conflicted of
all except Rosenstein who signed FISA
and Comey letter no collusion so they go
crazy here's how the White House
responded today when asked about the new
investigation into Michael Cohen the
president certainly has been clear that
he has a very deep concern about the
direction that the special counsel and
other investigations have taken this
investigation started off as rush of
collusion of which there was none that
has been very clear that nothing has
come up over the last year
let's bring in our leadoff panel for a
Wednesday night the aforementioned
Robert Costa he's a national political
reporter for the Washington Post and
moderator of Washington week on PBS the
aforementioned Carole lennick political
investigations reporter for The
Washington Post and Barbara McQuade
former US Attorney for the Eastern
District of Michigan
all three are MSNBC analyst Robert let's
start with you Bannen and Trump had a
falling out over the book fire and fury
it's not clear to people whether they've
been talking over recent months why is
he back in the circle and what's he
trying to do this is one track of
multiple tracks around the White House
urging the President to fire rod row
and Stein the Deputy Attorney General
and it's something the president has
been talking about privately as a
consideration in recent days but he's
hearing from congressional allies and
he's also hearing from friends abandoned
inside and outside of the White House to
make a move on the Muller probe by
firing the deputy AG Carroll there seems
to be more and more chaos in the White
House in fact in a report that I believe
you contributed to from the Washington
Post and titled Trump choses impulse
over strategy as crises mount this
paragraph caught my attention it's just
like everybody wakes up every morning
and does whatever is right in front of
them said one West Wing aide speaking on
the condition of anonymity to share a
candid opinion oh my god Trump Tower is
on fire oh my god they rated Michael
Cohen's office oh my god we're going to
bomb Syria whatever is there is what
people respond to and there's no
proactive strategic thinking careful
this will be troublesome in the best of
times but after the president also
tweeted today something we're going to
be talking about later the fact that
there might be missiles flying toward
Syria
this is is downright worrisome yes it's
worrisome when a White House is always
in react mode I mean let's be clear
every White House is drinking from a
firehose at all times national security
domestic policy trips every other day so
much going on working Congress trying to
get your agenda through hot spots around
the world but here we have a president
who is basically boiling over with anger
at the same time about a probe that just
won't go away and seems to be getting
worse the Muller investigation has
infuriated the president but now it has
a new wrinkle in its referral at least
at this point a referral to the Southern
District of New York to look more
closely at somebody that couldn't be
more close to Donald Trump and that is
Michael Cohen he's as close to family as
you can get he solved lots of problems
for the president the president confided
in him and now this raid is searching
communications between Michael Cohen and
his most important client then candidate
Donald Trump Michael Cohen is somebody
that Barbara we've we've seen on TV for
a
long time he's long been associated with
Donald Trump during the campaign but
it's it's interesting the role he played
with Donald Trump and what the attorney
for the Southern District of New York is
interested in Donny Deutsch was on
deadline White House on MSNBC at 4:00
p.m. today about a conversation he had
at lunch today with Michael Cohen listen
to what he said about Michael Cohen and
his relationship to Donald Trump Michael
it's words to me he's loyal he says I'd
rather jump out of a building then turn
on Donald Trump you know he's fiercely
that might change over time but he has
this fierce fierce well you know fierce
loyalty that's almost inexplicable at
this point Michael's point of view is he
really has not done anything wrong he's
also a smart enough guy to know that in
this world even if you haven't done
things wrong your own perception that he
understands the fire that he's on there
he's not a fool he understands he's in a
very very difficult position he Barbara
something that's interesting is the idea
that there's executive privilege
obviously between a there's there's a
attorney-client privilege between an
attorney and their client and I've heard
criticism that this raid on Michael
Cohen's office in this very building and
his residences somehow breaches that
well there's a very detailed protocol at
the Department of Justice when you want
to search an attorney's office because
the attorney-client privilege is so very
well respected and so carefully guarded
but the attorney-client privilege can't
be used as a shield to hide illegal
activity and so you can search an
attorney's office but only if you go
through some very specific and stringent
requirements you have to get approval
from the Department of Justice in
Washington you have to get of course
probable cause and a warrant from a
judge you would have to create what's
called a privilege team sometimes people
call it a taint team or a filter team
but a team of agents would first look at
all of the material to identify that
which is privileged in that which is not
certainly there's lots of material in
his office that's not privileged at all
privileged material is only
communications between a lawyer and
client for the purpose of seeking legal
advice so anything beyond that can be
shared and then things within that they
will look at and if there
they believe could fall under this crime
fraud exception they can take that to a
judge and get an order that the
privilege should yield in this instance
and be shared with the prosecution team
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
