well Donald Trump has destroyed Paul
Ryan's life and as Paul Ryan so clearly
realizes Donald Trump is on his way to
destroying Republic control control of
the house representatives the big blue
wave is now looking so big so
overwhelming to Paul Ryan that he has
formally publicly finally given up even
pretending that he might run for
re-election to his Wisconsin House seat
and so Paul Ryan will take his place in
history as simply the worst of this
country's speakers of the House of
Representatives and he has earned that
position in history through
unprecedented and unrelenting cowardice
as Speaker of the House an office that
is constitutionally capable of
containing and controlling and
out-of-control president but Paul Ryan
surrendered all of his powers to the
Trump presidency
previous speakers of the house have
relished their powers over the president
have turned presidents into beggars for
legislative favors but Paul Ryan looked
into his political soul and found
nothing nothing but weakness and
subservience when faced with a president
Donald Trump and rampant trumpism in the
House of Representatives Paul Ryan is
not even close to being the worst person
who has been Speaker of the House
pedofile Dennis Hastert served eight
years as the Republican Speaker of the
House only to be revealed in his
retirement to be a criminal and before
the Civil War of course we have
slave-owning speakers of the house but
they were all more effective in their
job as Speaker than Paul Ryan last word
viewers have known since December 14th
2017 that Paul Ryan was not going to run
for re-election to his seat that is the
night that I announced it for Paul Ryan
at this hour simply because he refused
to deny a political story that day that
he was thinking about not running for
reelection
a speech
never does that a speaker can never
allow any doubt about that allowing that
doubt that doubt that he might not run
for election is the same thing as just
announcing that you're not gonna run and
so it was very easy for me to say back
in December with certainty that Paul
Ryan was not going to run and today when
he finally said it he actually had the
audacity to compare himself to one of
the most successful and beloved speakers
in history
look I know most speakers don't go out
on their own terms Tip O'Neill is
probably last one to do that oh no no no
no no Tip O'Neill served ten years as
Speaker of the House and was 74 years
old when he retired Paul Ryan has served
three years and is 48 years old Tip
O'Neill announced he wasn't going to run
for his seat at the very beginning of
his last term giving his party two full
years to plan for his exit and consider
who the next speaker should be and in
the year the Tip O'Neill did not run for
re-election Bobby Kennedy's son Joe
Kennedy easily held Tip O'Neill seat for
the Democrats and the Democrats
increased their majority in the house
winning two hundred and fifty eight
seats to the Republicans 177 a majority
beyond Paul Ryan's wildest dreams Tip
O'Neill was not the captain who
abandoned a sinking ship leaving his
crew on board that is Paul Ryan Paul
Ryan might have lost a re-election
campaign in his home district but now
we'll never know because he's quitting
instead and he is quitting in his
party's darkest hour in the House of
Representatives every poll shows the
Republicans losing the house and that is
because of Paul Ryan's leadership which
has been no leadership at all none and I
am one of the many congressional
observers
who is deeply disappointed in Paul Ryan
I never fell for the Washington media
picture of Paul Ryan as a real policy
wonk because I know that very few
members of the House or the Senate
actually qualify for that description on
any subject
they are always guided by their staffs
on policy the staffs always know more
than the elected members but Paul Ryan
had done a better job than most
Republicans at memorizing policy talking
points and every once in a great while
he actually showed a tiny bit of hope
that he might actually be thinking about
policy like when he chaired a hearing
that included testimony from a woman who
is actually a food stamp recipient a
working woman working poor mother a food
stamp recipient it was some of the most
important poverty policy testimony that
I have seen in Congress and Paul Ryan
followed the Democrats lead in bringing
that woman's testimony into the
committee to be heard and I reported on
that hearing that night right here with
a slight glimmer of optimism about what
that could mean optimism that was
crushed by Paul Ryan he leaves his
speakership with exactly one
accomplishment and today in his first
exit interview he could not even tell
the truth about that so if I if a year
ago two years ago somebody asked me what
are the two most important things to
Paul Ryan I would have said tax cuts and
reform and tax reform
tax cuts tax reform okay and entitlement
reform or changing the way the social
safety net program Social Security
Medicare Medicaid exists so that they
they will exist in future generations
one of them you've done the other one
you have not Jake Tapper was right the
first time
tax cuts tax cuts not tax reform Paul
Ryan did not get tax reform through the
House of Representatives you know who
did Tip O'Neill the Democratic Speaker
of the House Tip O'Neill was the last
Speaker of the House to get tax reform
passed he did it in his
last year as Speaker in 1986 with
Republican Ronald Reagan as president
Tip O'Neill worked with Reagan across
party lines and crafted real tax reform
that lowered income tax rates and
eliminated or reduced deductions so that
the amount of revenue that the federal
government collected was the same amount
that it collected under the higher
income tax rates tax reform does not
increase the deficit or debt that's what
Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan did tax
reform Paul Ryan just did tax cuts
there was no reform Paul Ryan and Donald
Trump's tax cuts explode the deficit and
wildly increased the national debt with
new estimates being released this week
saying that it will increase the debt in
the deficit even more than Paul Ryan
knew it was going to increase the debt
and deficit when he got that bill passed
tax cuts not tax reform Donald Trump
actually did tell that particular truth
about the tax bill and I said you know I
think I have the idea don't call it tax
reform call it tax cuts it was never
called tax cuts and they said well what
is that said tax reform might mean
you're reforming taxes and you get to
raise taxes nobody knows what it means
so call it tax cuts Trump was right it
was a tax cut not tax reform and so Paul
Ryan leaves the speakership having
accomplished nothing absolutely nothing
he has brought disgrace on the House of
Representatives by allowing the House
Intelligence Committee to be corrupted
by Chairman Devin Nunez he leaves the
House Judiciary Committee disgraced for
not even pursuing necessary
investigations of the Trump
administration Paul Ryan is no Tip
O'Neill and he is no Hugh Scott Hugh
Scott was the Republican leader of the
Senate from 1969 to 1977 Hugh Scott was
one of the Republicans who privately
told President Richard Nixon it was time
to resign the presidency because if he
didn't a bill of impeachment would
surely pass the House of Representatives
and the president would be convicted in
the Senate
Richard Nixon listens to Hugh Scott and
took his advice because President Nixon
respected Hugh Scott in a way that
Donald Trump has never respected Paul
Ryan and will never respect anyone in
government in Paul Ryan's case Donald
Trump has given Paul Ryan exactly the
amount of respect as Speaker that Paul
Ryan deserves which is none
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
