Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg finally
faced down Congress and we learned two
big takeaways first Facebook isn't
making any major changes to its business
model to address these controversies
here's Zuckerberg claiming that users
already control the product people have
a control over how their information is
used in ads in the product today on
Facebook you have control over your
information every piece of content that
you share on Facebook you own and you
have complete control over who sees it
and and how you share it and you can
remove it at any time that's not exactly
true
most lawmakers didn't tangle with the
details of that and that may be because
they didn't seem to have a lot of
expertise how do you sustain a business
model in which users don't pay for your
service senator we run ads nicely this
is Twitter the same as what you do let's
say I'm emailing about Black Panther
within whatsapp do I get a what's that
do I get a Black Panther banner ad what
was Facemash and is it still up and
running what was face mask now some
members of Congress did raise important
points like when did Facebook learn
about the foreign meddling what did they
do over it why did it keep users in the
dark over so many privacy breaches but a
lot of times we noticed when those
questions got pointed Mark Zuckerberg
turned to corporate speak I'll have my
team get back to you we will review it
and get back to you I think we should
have our team follow up with with yours
I can certainly have my team get back to
you on any specifics that may sound
evasive to any normal person but in Wall
Street the markets liked what they saw
was Facebook's best trading day in two
years after Zuckerberg testimony Tuesday
and that boosts his own net worth back
up by three billion dollars not a bad
days work makes you wonder whether he
should have testified earlier the optics
game which is what off in Washington
devolves to also worked for Mark
Zuckerberg his company and the valley in
general have given a lot of money to
both parties we've pointed that out and
so he was allowed to testify without
being
sworn-in in the past say when oil or
tobacco executives they're talking about
potential mistakes that affect all of us
they've had to do that hand raising and
swear to tell the truth in public view
this is an observation of course about
Congress because they let Mark
Zuckerberg skip that step now Facebook
still needs to address a lot more
there's the censorship abroad that we've
reported on their willingness to work in
countries like China and Turkey they
need to get much more specific about the
overlap in the ad targeting between the
Trump campaign and fake Russian accounts
something Miller is allegedly probing
and when Facebook discovered that
Russians were using this platform to do
all their meddling and the other things
that are important are whether Facebook
employees were doing the wrong kind of
thing and knowingly so with all that
time they were helping Cambridge
analytic or at least not following up on
what they did did Trump's digital firm
ever do things with other governments
that Facebook knew or had reason to know
about and how do they deal with it in
real time and then there's the big
question that hangs over any
congressional hearing how should the
entity involved in this Clay's Facebook
how should they be regulate it there
will need to be some regulation so my
position is not that there should be no
regulation but I also think that you
have to be careful about what regulation
you put in place we've reported a lot on
Mark Zuckerberg failures at the company
what he just said there is totally fair
you have to be careful with regulation
and we just showed some of the members
of Congress and why they might not be up
yet to getting all this regulation done
in a careful way but Facebook like much
of the valley is misleading when they
claim they're open to all of this we've
documented how hard they have fought
against all kinds of reasonable
regulation to things as basic as
disclosures of when you're looking at a
political ad you see one on TV
you know it's an ad on Facebook you
often don't and that opens the door to a
lot more abuse the biggest thing to come
out of all this is the dialog it's
finally started it started under oath
and it has to continue hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list
to see lots of other great videos
