welcome back with me now from outside
the Time Warner Center in New York where
the bomb that was addressed to John
Brennan was sent today happens to be
Arizona Senator Jeff Flake and Senator
flake you know I've had way too many of
these conversations about rhetoric about
tone about violence you were on the you
were on the baseball field during the
attempted assassination of all of you
out there I had an interview earlier
with senator Cruz there's a real
reluctance among some Republicans to ask
the President to take a larger role here
what role should he play in all this
well he has the biggest microphone there
is in the world and and I hope that he
uses it the words of these folks today
were good he just needs to follow
through now when it matters and it will
likely matter tonight when he has a
rally and when people start chance that
you know demeaning the press for example
look if he will stand up at that time
then it will really mean something
why do you think you've had a hard time
getting your colleagues to join you in
this condemnation in general I mean I
would argue you've kind of been a a lone
voice of sorts saying wait a minute this
is getting out of hand we've got a we've
got to take a step out well I don't
think anybody wants to be on the other
end of Trump criticisms it doesn't
particularly if you're standing for
election in a primary on a Republican
primary in particular nobody wants to be
criticized by the president and and they
will be if they stand up to the
president so I think that's been the
reluctance but it's our responsibility
as elected officials not to you know
speak out with every tweet or every
statement but when the president goes
far too far referring to the press as
the enemy of the people or celebrating a
politician who assaults journalists
that's it that's the time that we all
need to stand up I hear you and yet it
isn't if he's not going to play this
role then what do you do in a moment
like this you you just wait for
different leaders well I hope we don't
have to do that I hope that the
president will decide this is a time now
when it matters he's thought Senator
McCain in his election you know quiet
the woman who was ridiculed integrating
Barack Obama you know we we need that
kind of action today action that tones
down the rhetoric but that's that's far
from where we are I just hope that it
will change and as elected officials as
I said we we don't have this big a
microphone as a president but we can
speak up and we should well what are
some actions you guys can do you know as
I remember after Gabby Giffords was shot
there was an attempt to at least present
a some bipartisan opportunities I had
somebody actually out here in my
audience here who said you know what all
of Congress should sit alphabetically so
that you're not sitting Demery and
you're forced to sit next to people you
know that you may not know or like but
you have to
what could you guys do together I mean
I'll be honest watching the Cavanaugh
hearings you guys seem to be as angry
and divided at each other sometimes as
the actual voters you know I thought
during the Cavanaugh hearings that you
know all the rewards all the political
incentives are wrong they they force us
to the extremes those who want to
express perhaps some humility and they
don't know all the answers that they may
you know actually go to a hearing and
and and be informed by that hearing
about how they might vote that that
means you might be criticized for both
sides from both sides so politicians
kind of instinctively now just stick
with the tribe just go to one side or
the other because that way you'll only
be criticized by one side and you know
it just has to stop we've got to do
better we have to bigger problems in
this country we have too many real
enemies outside of the country than to
invent those here at home among our
political opponents now I mean one of
the amazing things about today's
incidents is how quickly nobody assumed
this was international terrorism think
about how bad things have gotten
domestically that our first instinct
wasn't is this Isis or al-qaeda
yeah that's right that's right I think I
mean there everybody here bears some
responsibility to to actually be better
you know the calls for you know civility
after the election not before that that
isn't right then for you know calls
someone left to to heckle politicians on
the right if they sit at restaurants or
whatever that's not right either but the
president has the biggest microphone in
the world like I said in the largest
responsibility to set the tone and we
would do a lot better I think if we were
led in a better direction and that's the
president's responsibility hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
