Senator Ron Johnson senator Johnson
welcome back sir well Chuck how you
doing I think a week ago you and I
chatted and I think the last question I
asked you was do you think speaker
Ryan's gonna run for re-election or not
you didn't know at the time are you
surprised by today's announcement I'm
really not you know Paul called the
Republican delegation from Wisconsin
early this morning gave us the heads-up
you know you know Paul he's exactly who
you think he is very straightforward and
he also realized Paul's such a great
family man he misses his kids he wants
to spend more time with them they're
growing up he realizes kind of time's
running out where they're gonna be in
the house and I really think that is the
the main reason he decided to just call
it quits he wants he wants to be a
full-time dad you understand why many
people think that if he saw more
eye-to-eye with this president if they
had the same vision for the Republican
Party and the Republican agenda and some
things that perhaps he'd stay if this
were a Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio somebody
where they where he was more of a
kindred spirit with on policy well I
would think if we had a filibuster-proof
Senate of Republican 60 and he knew that
the good legislation they could pass in
the house would actually be passed in
the Senate and signed a law that might
tempt him a little bit but again I mean
I really you have to believe what Paul
tells you because it's a person of
integrity and he you know he's long to
be a full-time dad you know his kids
have known him up he's they've never
known him other than as a weekend dad
and he knows time's running out for that
so that really is the heart of his
decision
who is the definer of the party I mean
it's trumpism sort of now part of the
Republican Party and I say it this way
because what the party was sort of the
Romney and Ryan vision you have Trump's
vision I look at you I feel like you're
somebody that's tried to straddle sort
of both both wings of those visions well
I look at it more in terms of you know
really what are we trying to accomplish
we want a safe and secure and prosperous
nation and those are areas of agreement
not only with among Republicans but also
Democrats it's unfortunate the
that will allow divisive part
partisanship from getting in the way of
those shared goals and purposes so to me
that's what unifies the Republican Party
it really already unify us as Americans
we all want to say prosperous secure
America well I look at an issue like
trade and this just you know tariffs
it's just never something a Paul Ryan
would ever want to utter I mean listen I
don't agree with anybody a hundred
percent of the time and and I think
you're you're well aware of the fact
that I'm not really in favor of the
president Trump's trade policies at this
point I but I'll tell you having just
gotten back from China
he has got China's attention and if this
is what it takes to get them to really
adhere by the the rules of the World
Trade Organization maybe may be pretty
good negotiating ploy so but in the end
we we have got to engage in in free and
fair and reciprocal trade that's a term
he uses and I totally agree with it
we can't join TPP soon enough from my
standpoint think that puts us in the
best position of discipline China let me
ask you quickly about the politics of
Wisconsin Scott Walker the governor
there has said he fears a blue wave is
coming obviously this decision by Paul
Ryan to not run puts his seat in play is
there as well how do you assess the
political situation in your own state
well first of all Scott has done a
fabulous job governing the state made
Wisconsin more competitive more
attractive to business creation our
unemployment rate is unbelievably low
manufacturers can't hire enough people
they can't find enough workers to hire
so the state of Wisconsin is in great
shape so if people evaluate Scott in his
record he ought to win by a landslide
but we're a purple state and we've had a
couple of elections that give you some
some real concern no doubt about it but
you know you know six seven months is a
lifetime in politics and hard so it's
online people wrote you off a lot too
soon I think so two years ago and I
think you proved them wrong so I I'm
well aware of where your head is at on
some of these election prognostications
let me ask you about Robert Muller
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman
Chuck Grassley wants to bring that bill
that thom tillis lindsey graham cory
booker chris coons
bipartisan bill essentially to try to
protect mulher status protect the
special counsel where are you on this
idea well again I don't see any any gain
and in trying to fire Robert Mueller but
I would like him to conclude his
investigation and bring closure to this
thing you know you take a look at the
the rating of a president's lawyer about
stormy Daniels what does that have to do
with Russian interference in our
elections so so I've been my concern
about special counsels we have
challenges facing this know everything
we don't know everything behind the rate
of Michael Cullen for your exact you're
exactly right but there's an awful lot
of awful lot of leaks that indicate that
all I'm saying is we need closure this
we've got to get this behind us so we
can address North Korea Russia Syria
trade I mean we have seriously issues
facing this man if this bill makes it to
the floor which means it would have had
Republican support in the Senate
Judiciary Committee do you vote for this
bill I'll take a look at it when that
time comes okay fair enough let me ask
you about Syria the president indicated
that something's coming
number one do you think that that was a
good idea to send a a warning tweet to
Russia and Syria that we're about to
bomb them yeah I'm not a real fan of
diplomacy by tweet what I am encouraged
by is this administration the president
is talking to our our NATO partners I
think we should take you know
multilateral action I think it's very
good that we're trying to work through
the EU end to expose Russia's complicity
here but reduce a big problem for go
ahead should you have to vote on this
first though should Congress give him
some permission on this give him the
authority you know when it comes to use
of chemical weapons I think working with
our partners I think the president by
Preston probably has the the ability to
to act and and I would hope he'd be done
with our NATO partners and you would
like to see him to act
that's pretty clear now only once we
verify and we really have high degree of
confidence exactly what happened right
now time is already elapsed I know
serious probably scattering their
military assets so I don't want to
strike just for show I don't want to
strike where it can't be effective I
don't want to strike before we
absolutely know with a high degree of
confidence what happened and I really
don't want to strike without our
partners being totally in agreement with
it okay fair enough
Senator Ron Johnson I will leave it
there senator thanks for coming on today
and sharing your views appreciate it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
