the states on Syria and a potential
Russian response yeah well the president
can I ask something
Kel one second Willie Willie if you're
in Hong Kong why are you looking you're
like I'm a dancer right here from the
president United States a couple of
minutes ago Russia vows to shoot down
any and all missiles fired at Syria
quote get ready Russia because they will
be coming nice and new and smart you
shouldn't be partners with a gas killing
animal who kills his people and enjoys
it so either previewing or perhaps
announcing an American good here on
Syria no I yeah I was gonna say he's
Richard Haass still with us nope taking
a smoking break right now you know this
is this is actually mica this is very
significant it'd be curious to think
what you and Willie think about it
the fact that he is calling Assad what
Assad is he's a barbarian and he he does
violate all international norms and so
listen we're let's let's just take a
quick turn here and say that Donald
Trump while this sounds like saber
rattling and and maybe frightening this
certain people I've got to say the fact
that Donald Trump is now calling out
Vladimir Putin and and calling out the
fact that he's in a blur for a man who
continues to gasp and kill children in
the most heinous way and and and mothers
and grandmothers and elderly the most
heinous way that actually is positive
mica are you calling Richard back on the
set I brought him over think that when
Micah's motioning they can actually just
show me and Willie talking for doing so
we want to show you the president's
tweet did you see it just now overheard
okay well he at least is focused on
Russia Russia vows to shoot down any and
all missiles fired at sea
get ready Russia because they will be
coming nice and new and smart you
shouldn't be partners with a gas killing
animal who kills his people and enjoys
it Richard Haass one it's refreshing
that the president is being so direct
about Russia but this really raises the
stakes we don't want this to turn into a
u.s. Russian confrontation we want to be
able to use military force effectively
to accomplish whatever our goals are in
Syria so I don't quite understand think
the President or people around them are
thinking this through two three steps at
a time do because this is going to
increase the odds that Putin is going to
want to do something right and that is
not in our interest we do not want this
to turn into a u.s. Russian standoff Joe
Richard I disagree that Vladimir the
last thing you know what Vladimir Putin
has been very effective at doing is is
taking what limited power he has and
projecting it as aggressively as
possible whether it's trying to impact
our election or the elections and France
or the elections across Central Europe
the last time that Russians tried to get
in our way 20 of them were shot down and
killed I do you really think Vladimir
Putin but once the Russian military in
Syria to have a confrontation with the
US military because that's just not
going to end well for him is it he'd
like to show that Russia can be an
effective partner in ways the United
States can this just raises the stakes
Joe he does have effective in our air
defenses this is a one-dimensional
country look the rubles have been in
freefall this week things are going
terribly at home the only area where
Russia can can compete at all is when it
comes to foreign policy I'm not going to
say they're there in any way our
military equivalent but they do have
assets on the the ground here and they
can make it more difficult for us to use
military force effectively particularly
because we ourselves are going to put
limits on what we are prepared to do
because we don't want to get caught up
in the future of Syria right but you you
you have though Vladimir Putin in Syria
for a reason he went into Syria because
he saw that America
did not follow through when when barack
obama said that there was a red line
there that couldn't be crossed
he saw that America back down time and
time again he saw a void and he went in
to fill it if you have not only the
United States now in Syria trying to
beat back Isis and trying to check
Iranian expansion as much as possible
again is this not an opportunity for the
United States if Putin believes that we
are there and we're threatening now the
president just did to flex muscles to
actually sit down and say you guys don't
want a hot war let's talk about the
future of Syria but that future will not
what what you will not what we will not
allow that future to be is a future
where you're your puppet Assad gasses
five-year-old children and you stand
between us and the possibility of
stopping those attacks in the future so
if we want to talk about the future of
Syria we could do that sitting down
talking together but understand that
when international norms are violated to
this degree we are going to come in and
you best not get in our way is that not
an opportunity to actually have a
meeting to sit down to talk
constructively about the future of Syria
yes but the Russians want to get a high
payoff with a very low investment I hear
you on that but this is almost the
opposite of Teddy Roosevelt
I would rather speak more softly and
carry a bigger stick and this the same
thing applies to China on trade than
things like that I don't think this
makes it easier for the people the
putin's of the world to back down i
would just rather have us do what we're
going to do militarily create some new
facts create a new context and basically
say to putin the ear in which you could
accomplish a lot in syria at a low cost
is now over let's have the conversation
you want i think the risk of the way the
president's going about it Joe is he in
some ways forces Putin to probably be
more actively than he might otherwise be
and that increases the military
difficulty and raises a bit more
political risk all right
and of course of course that we can we
don't want the president tweeting that
way but given the alternative which into
the past having never be critical of
Vladimir Putin at least you have a
president now drawing his own red line
and that red line has been drawn and now
the international community is going to
need to come to the aid of these victims
yeah Assad's work really lowered the bar
though Richard Haass thank you you're
dismissed
thank you I want to go to Clint on this
next question preciate it the president
has always said he doesn't want to tell
people what his intention sorry wants to
leave everyone guessing this kind of
doesn't leave anybody guessing and I'm
thinking that instead of a tweet that
sounds like you know kids bullying each
other perhaps the carefully worded
carefully prepared vetted by his
national security team statement
delivered you know at four o'clock
Eastern Time on national television or
something like that would be far more
dignified far more careful and far more
thought-out because they would actually
take the time to do that yeah it's funny
that he put smart in quotation mark
because it sure wasn't rule number one
don't get into a Twitter war with Russia
as we've seen the last four years
they're Kremlin's way better than the
White House second part is if I remember
right the the GOP and the Republicans
were always very hard on President Obama
for telegraphing his actions in
Afghanistan or Iraq well this would seem
to be that I think the third thing is
now he's put himself in the trap where
he's got to deliver on something he has
to deliver on his tough talk and yeah
who was the best person to really deal
with this general McMaster we were
talking about drones earlier he was the
one before becoming the national
security adviser was really focusing not
on Iraq and Afghanistan but hybrid
warfare how do we deal with what we saw
Russia do in Ukraine what we saw them
doing in Syria he's not there now well
now we have the new national security
adviser in Bolton so he doesn't have the
best team really maybe to handle this
situation he just had them and now he's
sort of picking a fight and putting that
promises that I'm not sure that he can
deliver on
and as Richard Haass and other people
have mentioned you know just firing
missiles somewhere into Syria if they
come up with air defense systems that
block those missiles it's gonna make it
look like we're even more weak than we
have been in the past so he's put
himself into a trap that military action
that he's forecasting it better be good
because the general rule in warfare is
act first and talk about it afterwards
not talk first and then act about its
opposition your thoughts on this also
John Bolton what does this day 3 on the
job I guess he's learning in real time
that you will come to work and just find
tweets that you didn't approve had
nothing to do with and had no idea the
president was thinking and or maybe he's
right there over his shoulder let her
know and here we see the president's
conflicting impulses when it comes to
Syria
he saw the pictures of little children
being gassed and he wants to look
decisive he wants to strike back as he
did almost exactly a year ago on the
other hand he also wants to get us out
of Syria as he said last week oh yeah
this last week and that was last week
and of course Madeleine Albright among
others has suggested that the
president's words last week embolden
Assad to feel that right we to go ahead
and and launch this chemical weapons
attack I also step back and the scary
thing is every decision he's making now
is against this and that's particularly
frightening yes it is yeah but you know
you know you know though Willie again
nobody is defending the president's
language nobody is using defending the
president's use of tweets at the same
time this is who this president is and
we'll see how the policy gets flushed
out but for two years we have been
complaining about the fact that the
president has never stood up to Vladimir
Putin that he's had some very strange
behavior towards him he's been
obsequious he's he's kowtow to him time
and again at least for those of us who
have wanted the president to speak out
and stand up to the abuses of Putin and
Putin's government this certainly beats
the alternative again it is not perfect
it's far from perfect and we shouldn't
be having a president that makes threats
over over you know in a tweet storm yeah
at the same time we have now seen two
negative tweets towards Vladimir Putin
in a week something may be changing
inside that head of his
yeah I think it's good that he's
criticizing Putin I also think it's a
pretty obvious place to criticize him
when you talk about the gassing and the
chemical attacks on as you said on young
children it'd be hard not to criticize
him at this point Casey we had senator
Tim Kaine on yesterday talking about
this potential action in Syria and his
concerns which he's expressed over a
couple of years now that it should go
through Congress that this shouldn't be
unilateral action coming out of the Oval
Office that there should be a new
authorization for the use of military
force a renewed mission and that we
should go through the way wars used to
be prosecuted which was to have be
approved by Congress before they took
place does that run through the mind of
this White House at all or is he just
going on his own here well yeah I mean I
think the tweet speaks for itself in
that regard I you know I had talked to
one senior senator yesterday one key
senator on this who said that they were
expecting a private briefing from senior
administration officials on what the
plan was going to be in Syria as early
as this morning it seems as though that
may have come across in these tweets
instead there has been some progress on
the the authorization of use of military
force front there was a something of a
deal or at least an agreement in
principle struck yesterday to try and do
something about this but don't forget
that last time this happened when
President Obama was in office he went to
Congress and he said do you guys want to
do this you're demanding that you know
you have a voice here and of course
Obama had been scarred by Iraq and and
that really defined his political legacy
but he went up there and at the end of
the day the members of Congress didn't
want to take the vote they didn't have
to want to have to be on the record
saying yes we should we should go to war
here and I think a similar dynamic could
play out in this case if the president
were to take that step which again not
clear he president who
we're gonna have senator Chris Coons on
a little later and be good to talk to
him about this but I got to say Joe was
saying that something might be changing
in his head I don't think anything
changes I think he tweets to deflect
Emily Jane Fox and Donny you're here to
talk about the Michael Cohen raid and
what's going on with the Muller probe
and I think a lot of the president's
actions often can be seen as a massive
deflection but we have only deflected it
for 10 minutes we're gonna take a break
well you know but I've got to say though
mica on the deflection front I would
much rather the United States of America
and its leaders be focused on what's
happening in Syria then stormy Daniels
so if this is a deflection from stormy
Daniels he's deflecting in the right
direction what is happening in Syria
will impact this country will impact the
region will impact the world for years
to come so I understand the legal
challenges he faces in the stormy
Daniels case I'm just telling you that
right now as it comes when you're
looking at at policies that are going to
impact this country for a long time
what's happening in Syria today will be
one of those things so yes the president
has to do more than one thing at a time
as larry cudlow said a couple of days
ago syria is not a deflection syria is
actually a critically important thing
serious a deflection i'm saying a
childish tweet that sounds like a second
grader trying to bully somebody in
talking about syria it's not productive
it's a deflection I mean wants to have a
cabinet meeting wants to have mattis put
out a statement later that really draws
out our strategy and makes us understand
the import of the problem and how we're
gonna address it I'll take that I will
not take this this is not good for
America thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
