so on a night when all reports from
inside the White House indicate that the
president is as enraged as he has ever
been in his time as president the New
York Times is reporting that President
Donald Trump tried to fire special
prosecutor Robert Muller four months ago
in early December the president backed
down from that attempt to fire Robert
Fowler when his lawyers assured him that
contrary to some news reports at that
time the special prosecutor did not
subpoena records of his business
dealings with Deutsche Bank this is the
first time it has been reported that the
president tried to fire Robert Muller in
early December previously the New York
Times reported that the president tried
to fire Robert Muller in June and
stepped back from that attempt only when
White House Counsel Don McGann
threatened to quit over the firing of
Robert Mahler tonight's New York Times
report contains this startling but
perhaps for some comforting report of
life inside the Trump White House one
former adviser said that people had
become conditioned to wait until mr.
Trump had raised an issue at least three
times before acting on it we will soon
see if that includes the Secretary of
Defense and the United States military
when and if the president orders a
military response to the suspected
chemical attack in Syria it is
yesterday's FBI raid and in New York
City on the home the office and the
hotel room of Trump associate Michael
Cohen that has Donald Trump once again
reportedly raging against the special
prosecutor and Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosen Stein who supervises the
special prosecutor after the special
prosecutor brought his suspicions about
Michael Cohen to rod Rosenstein rod
Rosen Stein took the information about
Michael Cohen developed by the special
prosecutor away from the special
prosecutor and transferred it to the US
Attorney
in New York City who is now in charge of
the federal investigation of Michael
Cohen at this hour last night I
suggested that it was highly likely that
the acting US Attorney for the Southern
District of New York
Jeffrey Berman would have to have
recused him
of in this case because he is a
temporary appointee of the Trump
administration who has not yet been
formally nominated by the president for
the position today it was confirmed that
Jeffrey Berman did indeed recuse himself
as I suggested he would which means the
case is now being handled by career
prosecutors and is now being run by the
Deputy US Attorney Robert because
because Kazami firing rod Rosen and
Robert Muller will not now take care of
the Michael Cohen case for Donald Trump
it will not take the case out of the
hands of the career prosecutors in
Manhattan who are now in complete
control of that case the president was
reportedly scheduled to have dinner
tonight with a trusted legal adviser who
insists that the president has the full
legal right to fire Robert Muller at any
time that legal adviser has been
delivering free legal advice to the
President on Fox News retired Harvard
Law School professor Alan Dershowitz had
some private time with the president
today and tonight the New York Times
Maggie Haberman tweeted some news
Dershowitz has been at the White House
for part of today as Trump seeks his
input and he's supposed to have dinner
with the president tonight / White House
sources Alan Dershowitz has been saying
all year on Fox News that the president
has the legal authority to fire robert
muller Dershowitz has said in the past
that it would be a political mistake
though to fire Robert Mahler cnn.com is
reporting tonight that the president is
considering firing Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein because he
authorized the FBI raids on Michael
Cohen yesterday the raids sought
information about payments to at least
two women who say they had affairs with
Donald Trump and information about the
national Enquirer's payment of $150,000
to silence one of those women we are of
course referring to stormy Daniels who
says she had sex with Donald Trump once
in 2006 shortly after the birth of his
last child and Karen McDougal a former
Playboy model who says she began a
sexual affair with Donald Trump around
that same time the New York Times is
reporting the FBI also searched
for records related to mr. Cohen's
taxicab business apparently a separate
line of inquiry unrelated to mr. Trump
the president tweeted today
attorney-client privilege is dead that
is the kind of Trump tweet that is
normally read as a rage tweet short
simple ending in an exclamation point
and completely and utterly untrue back
with us now Benjamin witness editor in
chief of law fair also joining the
discussion Harry Lippmann former federal
prosecutor and Deputy Assistant Attorney
General under President Clinton he's now
a professor at the University of
California San Diego and David corn
Washington bureau chief of Mother Jones
co-author of the current bestseller
Russian roulette the inside story of
Putin's war on America and the election
of Donald Trump he's also an MSNBC
political analyst and Harry Lippmann I
want to go straight to you on the
question of does the president have the
authority to fire special prosecutor
Robert Muller okay the short answer is
there are probably ways he can do it but
the sort of Dershowitz line that some
have been plying I think does not does
not make if there would be two theories
one would just be I'm the president and
you fire it's it's the so-called full
unitary executive it's been discredited
by the Supreme Court it's unlikely to
fly so where are we there's a regulation
there and as long as there's a
regulation the court says it stays in
place you have to follow the regulation
that's why he would have to have cause
he would have to order Rosenstein to do
it Rosen Stein would probably resign the
things we've talked about over the
course of the last few months
however the possible route to bypassing
that would be for the President and I
think he would have the power to do this
to order the regulation to be rescinded
and then he might have an open field
it's less easy than it looks however he
can't just wave a magic wand there's
going to be a lot of process involved in
possible slow walking within the
Department of Justice in order to
rescind the
halation but that is probably a fairly
clean path if he wants to take it and
take the political heat for it to
eventually firing muller we have some
after-dinner reporting tonight from Phil
Rutger The Washington Post he spoke with
Alan Dershowitz and he said just got off
the phone with Alan Dershowitz who was
at the White House tonight for dinner
with Trump Kushner and others he said he
was there to advise on Middle East
policy asked whether they talked to
rusher Muller he said quote I'm not
going to discuss what I discussed with
the president David corn that's an
interesting answer after just having
discussed what he says he discussed with
the president he said thing he was there
to discuss Middle East policy but what
and the real question was asked just not
going to discuss it well I don't know if
we're gonna bomb Syria or not based on
Alan Dershowitz his counsel but
coincidentally last week at the Comedy
Cellar of all places in New York City I
moderated a debate with Alan Dershowitz
and the subject was whether the Supreme
whether the special counsel violated the
rule of law he of course took the
position that the special counsel did
and was a travesty of justice
so I'm gathering or I'm assuming tonight
that whether he's giving legal advice or
not to trump on whether to fire him or
not if he's talking about the subject
that we debated last week he is making a
full-out case that the special counsel
should never been appointed that it does
violate the rule of law and is giving
Trump all these highfalutin ideas and
concepts to justify getting rid of
Muller for the obvious reasons so that's
what I would expect to be included in
the conversation in addition to
Dershowitz --is wonderful ideas about
how to get peace in the in the middle
east and we know with Trump it doesn't
take too much egging on to for you for
him to find affirmation of what he
already wants to do Benjamin would as we
have reporting from inside the White
House saying the president is thinking
about once again thinking about firing
Robert Mahler also thinking a
about firing rod Rosenstein possibly
both of them and and there's alan
dershowitz
in the White House tonight who we know
publicly has said that the president has
the ability to do to fire anyone really
in the executive branch yeah so my
message is don't do it
bad idea you know it's leave aside the
question of whether you have the
authority to do it
this is a serious investigation of
already has uncovered and prosecuted
serious criminal activity it continues
to investigate serious criminal activity
and if the president removes the people
who are engaged in that investigation
the only the only reasonable conclusion
that somebody could draw from that is
that he is trying to protect himself
from you know the consequences of his
prior action so it would be an
incredible show of desperation and
weakness and you know the proper thing
to do is to let the special counsel do
his job and let the Deputy Attorney
General do his job
Harry Lippmann I want you to draw
together a couple of legal strands here
one storming Daniels is formally
cooperating with the special prosecutor
on this her attorney Michael avenatti
has publicly confirmed that she's
cooperating with Robert Mahler Wall
Street Journal reporting that the
special prosecutor asked the Trump
Organization for documentation relating
to the hundred and thirty thousand
dollar payment to stormy Daniels and
presumably should have asked Michael
Cohen for documentation about that but
ultimately must have been dissatisfied
with whatever they received in order to
send in FBI Raiders in three locations
looking for the same material yeah I
mean more than this satisfied there's a
internal requirement and you have to
show it to the magistrate as well that a
subpoena would not have been practicable
here so they obviously concluded and
they would have needed some
creet showing here that cohen couldn't
be trusted to completely comply straight
up with a subpoena the inclusion of
daniels in the in the overall probe is
potentially significant especially for
cohen but there is this feeling of a
kind of you know harmonic convergence
where everything is sort of beginning to
point toward the president the but the
basic crime that that that is being
investigated has to do with the with
whether the hundred thirty thousand
dollars can be construed as having been
done to for Trump's electoral protection
this was two weeks before the election
and that would be a crime and wire fraud
bank fraud etc could could follow from
it kind of a tough theory with a
checkered record but that's what I think
justifies the the subpoena and excuse me
they were search warrant in the first
place
David Koren Michael Cohen seems to be
the Anthony scaramouche II of the Trump
legal team here he was it seems just
days ago publicly bragging about how he
thought he might spend the millions of
dollars that he was going to get from
stormy Daniels for violating the
confidentiality agreement would he go on
vacations with his family like publicly
speculating about what he would do with
all that money here he is tonight
obviously under more heat than he's ever
been under in his life raided by the FBI
there's so much to look at with Michael
cone I mean the in his early days Donald
Trump took Roy Cohn as his mentor as he
and you know this guy was the preeminent
fixer mob lawyer worked for Joe McCarthy
and you know I've always thought that
Michael Kohn was trying to live up to
that but was somewhat of a cheap and now
it seems somewhat more incompetent in
imitation of that and don't forget
Michael Kohn was all over some other
Russia deals that Trump had he worked
for years
feliks Seder a felon who helped set up
Trump with some deals in Russia
including including when Trump was
running for president in 2015 this very
odd arrangement between a Russian
company that had no experience building
a tower or hotel coming forward and
trying to give Trump millions of dollars
while he's a candidate and it's all
happening from Felix Seder and Michael
Kohn I mean he's really at the center of
I don't think not just one or two but
probably three or four or five or six
different scandals that are indeed
converging with this trade and don't
forget the taxicab medallions yeah we're
gonna get to the taxicab medallions and
actually favorite part of the story
parts of this whole thing Michael cones
taxicab medallions david korn Harry
Luton Ben wood is thank you very much
for getting us through this first round
tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
