Michael cones famous last words before
being raided by the FBI were I will
always protect the president he tweeted
that on Sunday with a link to a CNN
article about him that he loved because
it was all about how protective he has
been of Donald Trump and the first thing
that happened to him when he woke up the
day after tweeting I will always protect
the president was getting raided by the
FBI at his hotel room that he was
staying in and at his office and at his
apartment in New York City at the end of
the most terrifying day in Michael
Cohen's life and possibly in Donald
Trump's life stormy Daniels lawyer
joined us at this hour last night and
said this when your friend and your
client is the president United States
you probably think that you're somewhat
protected or shielded and that he's
going to protect you and take care of
you
when the FBI shows up at your door not
just one door but three doors with
multiple agents and Blue Jackets etc
that calls into question your faith and
confidence in your relationship with mr.
Trump the question Donald Trump is
asking himself at the White House
tonight is will Michael Cohen crack will
he tell the FBI and federal prosecutors
everything they want to know about his
dealings with Donald Trump as well as
Michael Cohen's business dealings on
matters like New York City taxicab
licenses that might have nothing to do
with Donald Trump yesterday the
president sent Michael Cohen the same
kind of public message that he was
sending Michael Flynn last year after
Michael Flynn got in trouble with the
FBI on his way to be and being indicted
for lying to the FBI the president said
Michael Cohen is a good man so I just
heard that they broke into the office of
one of my personal attorneys
man good man those are the words he
always used for Michael Flynn before
Michael Flynn got indicted The
Associated Press is reporting tonight
that Michael Cohen quote has confided in
associates in recent weeks that he is
fearful of being a fall guy Vanity
Fair's Emily Jane Fox spoke with Michael
Cohen tonight and she joins us now for
more of our discussion along with David
Cay Johnston Pulitzer prize-winning
journalist who found a DC report argh
Emily is he afraid of being the fall guy
Michael Cohen is not someone who admits
to being afraid very often so I'm not
sure I could ever imagine him using that
word I've interviewed him now many many
times over the course there here's
tonight Emily you you know he was going
to a restaurant tonight near the Regency
okay just around the corner from where
he's staying at the Regency Hotel this
is someone who is not obviously not
hiding and trying to stay in the shadows
they're trying to remain undercover I
think for my reporting it seems like he
wants to go about his life and try and
live it as fully as he can it is pretty
remarkable to see someone going to a
very public sort of Seanie New York
restaurant the night after this happened
and I think that that is probably a
deliberate message how long did you get
to talk to him today I talked to him
several times for a brief amount of time
today and so his his reaction to the the
pressure he's under now with the FBI did
he did he see did he try to suggest that
he knows how to handle this I don't
think anybody who has never been through
this knows how to handle this so he did
not suggest that he's got a playbook and
he's gonna run through it this is
difficult this is from from what he told
me he got a knock at his door at 7:30
yesterday morning so he wasn't woken up
by this and they didn't break down the
door in his hotel did they break down
the door at his apartment or at his loft
not at his apartment but at the law they
break down the door
at a law firm at a loss which is he was
very more extraordinary than breaking
down the door at home he was not there
so his morning was not you know a middle
of the night or first thing in the
morning the Sun was up and he was awake
they knocked on the door he told me that
about 12 agents came
and he had very complimentary things to
say about the Asian the hotel with him
when that happened I believe they're
members of his family
I think his his wife and he has two kids
who may have been off at school at the
time and what did they expect or to take
from the hotel do we know what they took
from motel I do not know what they took
the motel I do know that they took his
cell phone immediately if they took it
immediately we were taking the right out
of his hand and so he has he been a
criminal defendant before I do not know
the answer for that question but Debbie
Kate Johnson I want to bring you in on
this you've studied Trump businesses for
quite a while now but also you know a
few things about the taxi business in
New York which is one of the more
complicated and historically very very
shady and politically connected
businesses what is your reaction to this
particular piece that were that's being
revealed that they're investigating
special prosecutor Robert mark has
referred something to the US attorney in
New York City where they're
investigating Michael Cohen's
relationship is in the taxi business
well I think it's going to put us on a
ride right back to a Russians Michael
Cohen at one point had about 200 taxi
licenses in New York a lot of people
have individual licenses there are
people with two called mini fleets and
then there are big operators like
Michael Cohen and behind all of this the
financing is heavily involved with
Russian emigre Russians involved in in
one case in a company that had a special
benefit a tax benefit and was the last
remaining remnant of Richard Nixon's
black capitalism program although it was
helping immigrants from various
countries not black Americans and the
people in this business are heavily the
people who came here in the last decade
of the Soviet Union many cases being
thrown out or urged to go and have set
up shop in all sorts of shady businesses
with shady financing so I suspect that
we will very quickly see once the tape
team has done its work and the
prosecutors can look at what was taken
that there'll be paths
we'll take you to a whole variety of
other Russians with whom Cohen has
worked a lot his wife is Ukrainian you
remember he tried to get a peace plan
where Putin who took over Crimea would
lease it for a hundred years and of
course during the campaign
Felix ater the convicted violent felon
and Michael Cohen were involved in
trying to build during the campaign a
Trump Tower in Moscow we will be hearing
more about the taxi business that those
taxi medallions soared and value to over
a million dollars during some of the
time when Michael Cohen owned some of
them so 200 of those would be more than
200 million and this is Michael Cohen
leaving the restaurant that emily has
told us he has been spending the evening
at near the hotel but those medallions
the taxi medallions have collapsed in
value and since Eber came online they're
now worth about two hundred thousand
dollars or less and so there could be
some real panic maneuvering around those
Emilie what else should we know about
your conversation with Michael Cohen
today he said that he has not spoken to
the president since yesterday but he
watched the president's statements
yesterday on television about him and
his takeaway was that it is a shame that
at that very serious meeting about Syria
that the first question asked to the
President of the United States was about
him does he think it's a shame that the
president brought him up before anyone
asked any questions about anything I can
only tell you that he and also does does
he did when you say hasn't talked to the
president since since yesterday does
that mean they talked yesterday I do not
believe they spoke yesterday okay though
they are in very close contact he spent
two weekends over the past couple of
months at mar-a-lago having dinner with
him and they frequently talk these are
people who spent every single day
together for a decade now I will say
there was a period of time when I first
interviewed Michael Cohen at the end of
the summer they were not speaking at the
advice of counsel it was something that
was very difficult for Michael he
expressed over and over in the interview
how he can't even walk by Trump Tower
because it was so sad for him he missed
his friend people who he considers like
family
and over the course of the year they
started seeing each other he was at the
White House Hanukkah party and there was
a fundraising dinner in New York and at
the beginning of this year they started
talking more and more and speaking over
the phone
neither one of them can follow good
legal advice of not talking through each
other does Michael Cohen tonight still
consider himself the president's lawyer
in any form he certainly considers
himself a very loyal friend and advisor
to the President and I believe from my
reporting he believes that the president
is still loyal to him as well David Cay
Johnston we've had attorneys last night
here saying that it is legally
impossible now for Michael Cohen to in
any form or be Donald Trump's lawyer
well they're right about that but that
doesn't mean there won't be conversation
so they won't conduct themselves because
neither one of these guys plays by the
sort of rules of civilized society that
we're used to seeing after all Donald
Trump has spent his entire life beating
off law enforcement investigations
running out the clock ratting out other
people to protect himself and Michael
Cohen has been involved in really trying
to engage himself in American foreign
policy with this violent convicted felon
Felix aider over the Crimea I mean these
are people who have no sense of
boundaries rules or propriety and Emily
quickly before you go Michael Cohen has
always prided himself on his thug-like
behavior with people who he thinks are
weaker than he is and we have all read
the threats to the Daily Beast reporter
where he promised to absolutely destroy
this person's life the most grotesque
ridiculous actually childish kind of
language if you understand what's really
going on there from a lawyer but he
thinks it's the toughest way you can
possibly speak is this a different
Michael Cohen that you're talking to now
did Michael Cohen I am speaking to is
the Michael Cohen that I have spoken to
over the course of the last six months
but it is clear that there is a sense of
gravity washing over him
this is not the Monday morning he
expected he had he had his eyes on the
stormy Daniels case
this was something that has a deadline
that he was very intent on seeing
through I interviewed him about this
last month and that's where he said the
line about going on a vacation on stormy
decline he said he said that to you
you're the one who got that the bragging
about how much money he was going to get
from stormy Dan I believe he said it in
jest but yes it was definitely a
memorable line in an interview a great
way to end an interview for sure but he
that's where his eyes were focused he
did not wake up Monday morning thinking
that those twelve agents were going to
walk into the Regency and knock on his
door Emily Jane Fox thank you very much
for your invaluable reporting from the
mouth of Michael Cohen tonight in New
York City Emily Jane Fox David Cay
Johnston thank you for all for joining
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
