so there's lots going on in the news
tonight this is one of those days when
it sort of feels like all of Washington
is on eggshells and something's about to
crack and fail but in the middle of all
that I would like to pile on something
new because we do have a little bit of a
scoop tonight okay
this is Dana Bente Dana Bente first
became a public official of national
interest when President Trump have fired
Sally Gates Sally Yates was the acting
Attorney General of the United States
she was fired after she told the White
House that she believed Trump's Muslim
ban was likely unconstitutional that's
the reason she was fired but we soon
learned that while she had been acting
Attorney General she had personally gone
to the White House to give the White
House a warning about National Security
Advisor Mike Flynn and his
communications with the Russian
government which he had been lying about
and this all happened very quickly at
the very start of the Trump
administration Trump got sworn in on
Friday January 20th Flynn was
interviewed by the FBI the following
Tuesday January 24th on on Thursday the
26 Sally Yates was up at the White House
giving them not warning about Flynn then
she got called back the next day asked
to come back to the White House to
discuss that warning further that was
Friday the 27th then there was the
weekend and then on Monday she was fired
January 30th it all happened very
quickly the whole first ten days of the
Trump administration she was out she was
fired
even before Flynn was one of the
enduring mysteries about the Russia
investigation and this president in this
White House is that even after these
totally unprecedented warnings from the
Justice Department with the acting
Attorney General coming to the White
House in person to deliver this
unprecedented warning about the National
Security Adviser being compromised by a
foreign power even after that warning
and then subsequent warnings to the next
day they kept that guy on for another 18
days they didn't fire Flynn until
mid-february an enduring mystery that
has yet to be explained well a few weeks
after they finally did fire Flynn in May
of 2017 we found out in the New York
Times but the White House had actually
had way more
warning about Flynn then just that
heads-up they got in person from Sally
Yates the New York Times was first to
report in May of last year that Flynn
had actually warned the White House
during the transition that he was under
federal investigation
I still remember reading this dramatic
headline for the first time Trump team
knew Flynn was under investigation
before he came to the White House they
did quote Michael T Flynn told president
Trump's transition team weeks before the
inauguration that he was under federal
investigation
despite this warning mr. Trump made
Flynn his national security adviser
anyway that this article in The Times in
May of last year this is where we first
learned that federal prosecutors in fact
a veteran espionage prosecutor was
actively pursuing a criminal
investigation into the president's
national security advisor with a grand
jury and subpoenas and the whole shebang
quote the pace of the investigations has
intensified in recent weeks with veteran
espionage prosecutor Barr and in Vondrak
now leading a grand jury inquiry in
Northern Virginia that's scrutinizing
mr. Flynn it's begun issuing subpoenas
to businesses that worked with Flynn and
his associates the New York Times has
reviewed one of the subpoenas it demands
all records research contracts bank
records communications and other
documents related to work with Flynn and
the Flynn Intel group his business the
subpoena reviewed by The Times was quote
signed by Dana J Bente the US Attorney
for the Eastern District of Virginia all
right so this revelation back in May was
stunning at the time for a few reasons I
mean one president's national security
advisor was being investigated by by a
grand jury led by a veteran espionage
prosecutor to the White House knew that
during the transition and they hired him
to be national security adviser anyway
but the other reason that was stunning
is because the federal prosecutor whose
office convened that grand jury the guy
whose office that investigation was
being run out of the guy signing the
subpoena
des was Dana Bente right the same guy
who Trump had made the acting Attorney
General of the United States after he
fired Sally Yates and in fact Bente went
through a whole string of the highest
jobs in American law enforcement in the
first months of the Trump administration
and it's important I think now to
recognize that at every step of the way
he had a key role in the Russian
investigation I mean the first thing
that was unusual about the way Trump
treated Dana Bente is that he kept Dana
Bente on as the US attorney in the
Eastern District of Virginia when he
fired all the other US attorneys we
later found out that Bente had been
overseeing an investigation into michael
Flynn in the Eastern District of
Virginia we later learned that in office
as the US attorney in the Eastern
District of Virginia
Bente was also signing off on subpoenas
and overseeing an ongoing investigation
not just into Flynn but also into
Trump's campaign chair Paul Manafort I
mean Trump did fire all the US attorneys
last March
Bente was one of the only ones he kept
on and we later found out that Ben Hays
office was running those investigations
into Flynn and Manta Ford then Trump
makes him acting Attorney General as
Acting Attorney General he became
responsible for all of the various
threads of the Russia investigation
beyond just the parts he'd already
personally been helming in Virginia so
he's acting Attorney General that lasts
until Jeff Sessions comes on Jeff
Sessions comes on then Tay then gets
another plum job he gets named Acting
Deputy Attorney General and that meant
for a few weeks he actually was no
longer responsible for overseeing the
whole Russia investigation but that will
be lasted a few weeks until sessions had
to recuse himself and then once again as
Acting Deputy Attorney General
Dana Bente was back in charge of
overseeing all the parts of the Russia
investigation nationwide again you only
had a few weeks off in that capacity as
Acting Deputy Attorney General we now
know Bente signed off on the FISA
warrant to conduct surveillance against
former Trump campaign adviser Carter
Paige and then even after he got moved
out of that job after rod Rosenstein got
confirmed by the Senate and he took over
as the
the Attorney General bent a still was
instrumental to the Russia investigation
because Trump then gave Bente another
awesome job he made him acting head of
the National Security Division at the
Justice Department and we learned just
last week that in that capacity
Bente personally signed off on some of
the most important criminal charges that
were brought against Paul manna fort
when he was first indicted
so Dana Bente I mean not the most
memorable looking guy in the world right
it turns out to be the Zelig of the
Russia investigation he's everywhere I
mean or maybe he's the Forrest Gump
choose him choose your movie right but
he really has has played a key role and
at times the key top supervisory role in
the Russia investigation all the way
back to the beginning and I will tell
you at a personal level I remain
convinced that there's some interesting
story to tell about why Dana Bente got
fired from the Justice Department after
having all those jobs right when manna
fort got indicted for the first time
Bente got fired from the Justice
Department we still don't know why he
was abruptly told to resign both from
his job as head of the National Security
Division and as US Attorney for the
Eastern District of Virginia he held
those jobs at the same time they
abruptly told him to resign right at the
time that manna fort was indicted and we
still don't know why there's I believe
there is a story to tell there and
someday we will tell it mark my words
but Bente ultimately got a soft landing
yeah he got pushed out of the Justice
Department after holding all those jobs
but then the FBI hired him FBI hired him
on as their general counsel which is
where he works now and arguably that
means he still has an important role to
play in the Russia investigation as
their FBI
increasingly comes under attack as an
institution both from the President and
from Republicans in Congress who are
hostile to the whole Russia
investigation
so Dana Bente is the man in the middle
from the very beginning here he is right
at the heart of all of this and here's
what we figured out here's a little
scoop we have obtained some documents
that have not previously been seen or
reported on which we are going to show
you tonight we have authenticated them
to the best of our bill
and what we believe these documents show
is a few important things about Dana
Bente and the Russia investigation first
we can report exclusively right now that
Dana Benton has been asked to be
interviewed by the special counsels
office in the Russia investigation we
know that because of this letter which
we have obtained it's dated January 2nd
2018 it is a letter from Dana Bente
while he was still acting head of the
National Security Division at the
Justice Department
it's a letter to another Justice
Department official notifying DOJ that
this request has come in as you can see
at the top of this letter it's addressed
to Scott schools scott schools is the
senior most career attorney at the
Justice Department and here's how the
letter starts quote dear mr. schools
special counsel robert muller has asked
to interview me as part of his
investigation of the Russian
government's efforts to interfere in the
2016 presidential election in the event
I do not submit to this interview
special counsel Muller would have the
authority to issue a subpoena for my
testimony before a grand jury
veinte says I served as Acting Deputy
Attorney General from February to April
I should note there's a little typo
there see it says February 2011 we think
he means 2017 there but that typo is
unexplained in terms of this letter
served as acting the Acting Deputy
Attorney General and as head of the
National Security Division from April to
the present and he's writing in January
of this year he says as the Acting
Deputy Attorney General I was
responsible for the overall operation of
the Department of Justice and given the
recusal of Attorney General Jeff
Sessions I was also responsible for the
investigation of the Russian
government's interference in the 2016
presidential election the requested
interview from Muller concerns
activities occurring within the bounds
and scope of my duties with the
Department of Justice and then this is
important he says quote I have no reason
to believe that I am a subject or target
of the investigation
so Dana Bente is not a target he's not a
subject or at least as far as he knows
he's not that means that he's a witness
for the investigation he's telling the
Justice Department he's notifying the
senior career official of Justice that
he has been called in to give witness
testimony for Muller and then he closes
this this
of notification by asking for legal
representation in this matter he says
quote I am requesting representation or
a commitment for the reimbursement of
legal fees so give me a lawyer or pay my
legal fees for me to hire one signed
sincerely Dana J Benton so this document
is previously unreported and we have not
confirmed if Dana Bente ultimately did
an interview with molars prosecutors but
this letter from him to the senior
career official at the Justice
Department indicates that Dana Bente has
been asked to do that interview Dana
Bente has had all of those senior
Justice Department jobs who served as US
attorney in the Eastern District of
Virginia including that key moments in
the Russian investigation and who's now
the general counsel of the FBI and now
here's where it gets bit we have also
obtained this document from another
senior to Justice Department official
this time it's the head of the
counterintelligence division at the FBI
and this is a letter from that official
to dana Bente and it's an unusual thing
you can see here this letter is dated
just over two weeks after veinte
notified the Justice Department that
Moeller wanted to talk to him this
letters dated january 17th and this
letter from the FBI counterintelligence
division is essentially a certification
for Bente that a certain set of notes
that he took handwritten notes that were
marked by a Justice Department employee
as top-secret those notes are not
actually top-secret at all check it out
quote dear mr. Benton and then you see
the you there at the start of the
paragraph I think that means this
paragraph is unclassified you dear mr.
Benton this letter serves as
confirmation under my authority as an
FBI official excuse me FBI original
classification authority that your
handwritten notes derived from your
March 30th 2017 conversation with former
FBI director James Comey are
unclassified quote understanding that
your notes were marked as top-secret by
an employee of the Justice Department
without your consultation this letter
memorializes a duly authorized finding
that the contents of your notes are not
top secret or classified at all
okay you're getting the importance now
what we've obtained here at the very
start of January day after New Year's
Day Bente tells Justice Department he's
going to be interviewed by Muller he
asks for legal representation or a
commitment to pay his legal fees couple
of weeks later Bente gets a
certification from counterintelligence
at the FBI that his notes handwritten
notes from a specific conversation with
James Comey shouldn't be marked tops top
secret that was improper they are
actually not classified at all now we
don't know for sure cuz these are the
documents that we've got what we surmise
from these documents is that vente is
getting his ducks in a row so we can
show these handwritten notes to people
while preparing for his interview with
Muller or perhaps more directly he's
preparing to hand over those notes to
Muller as part of this interview well we
have also obtained those handwritten
notes notes from Dana Bente on his
conversations with James Comey walk home
II was FBI director specifically we've
obtained his notes from a conversation
in which Comey says he was pressured by
the president about the Russia
investigation this is key to the
question of whether or not the President
may be criminally liable for obstruction
of justice Comey told Congress in June
after he was fired that the president
had pressured him on the Russia
investigation in a phone call on March
30th of last year he told Congress he
told Congress that can give you from his
testimony quote immediately after that
conversation I called Acting Deputy
Attorney General
Dana Bente to report the substance of
the call from the president this is a
key key matter in the question of
whether the president could be liable
for obstruction Comey says the president
pressured him the White House responded
by saying no the President did no such
thing
Comey says hey I've got corroborating
evidence from my side of the story and
that corroborating evidence is that I
told other senior Justice Department and
FBI officials about what happened
between me and the president at the time
it happened since then Comey himself and
a number of officials he says he told at
the time about the president's behavior
have all ended up on the proverbial
guillotine right including Comey himself
fired and attacked by the President as a
liar attacked by Republicans and
conservative media for almost a year
also deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe
fired and attacked in
the same way McCabe says it's because he
can corroborate commis testimony from
his interactions with the president at
the time other people people briefed by
Comey at the time have also been
mysteriously demoted and/or attacked by
the president ever since he's been
picking off those witnesses one by one
well Dana Bente is one of those
officials who call me briefed at the
time and yeah he did end up getting
pushed out of the Justice Department in
mysterious circumstances this past fall
and we don't really get that yet
but he's at the FBI now as their general
counsel and we have now obtained what we
believe her been tazed container
contemporaneous notes from his
conversations with Comey at the time of
commis troubling interactions with the
president from March 30th and those
notes do corroborate in very striking
terms exactly what Comey says happened
between him and the president before now
nobody has ever seen these
contemporaneous memos or notes from
those interactions between Comey and the
president but we've got him tonight and
we're gonna show them to you next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
