thing one tonight President Trump's new
National Economic Council director Larry
Kudlow was a TV radio host for years but
now he's on the other side of the table
and it's an adjustment Kudlow appeared
on hugh hewitt's conservative radio show
this morning where he found out from
Hewitt that his own deputy at the NEC is
apparently considering leaving it's
reported in PlayBook this morning that
she here at night is leaving the the NEC
is that correct i if she is she had told
me it's a possibility I'll ask her I
don't know okay well he's new here later
when he was asked if he thought Trump
could put aside his anger at Special
Counsel Muller and the DOJ and focus on
other issues he went from the tried and
true tactic praising his boss yes of
course he can come compartmentalized I'm
gonna bet you he holds his regular
schedule today now bet she gets stuff
done through meetings and decisions I'll
be traveling with him with the group
going to Latin America I don't think
it's gonna stop if it never stops that's
right
nothing's gonna stop him she's gonna
stick with the schedule go on the trip
do what he's gonna do just one small
problem with you that assessment of the
new boss and that's thing two in 60
seconds Larry Kudlow has been on the job
as director the NEC for all Senate seven
days and today like any recent hire he
jumped the chance to praise his new boss
Donald Trump if he's furious with Rod
Rosenstein for sending the agents
indices Cohen
Kenny compartmentalize and focus Larry
Kudlow on other issues yes of course he
can compartmentalize I'm gonna bet you
he holds his regular schedule today now
bet she gets stuff done through meetings
and decisions I'll be traveling with him
with the group going to Latin America I
don't think it's going to stop if it
never stops tough guy up guy I need a
smart guy and this place Washington DC
aka swamp they underestimate him a solid
defense the president but about that
Latin America trip it's not happening
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
announcing barely 30 minutes after
Kudlow
Italy predicted it would happen that
Trump was canceling his trip citing the
crisis in Syria now it's a tough lesson
for Larry Kudlow but one everyone in
Trump's orbit has to learn eventually
the president does not care if his
decisions leave his own people looking
like fools welcome to the White House
Larry hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
