what do you think of the fact that
stormy Daniels is now cooperating with
federal investigators it's interesting
news it's not entirely unexpected Katie
one of the biggest brightest top lines
that we've always seen in the stormy
Daniels story is a potential federal
election campaign violation an illegal
contribution and although typically
those are administrative matters they
can be criminal matters particularly if
there was a willful and intentional
violation of either contribution limits
or another portion of the statute so
there's there's definitely some work for
prosecutors to do as they flesh out her
story so according to two reports it's
the stormy Daniels payment it's also the
Karen McDougal payment and any documents
that could have been related to the
National Inquirer remember she made the
deal with the National Inquirer for her
story but then there was also something
about taxi medallions that they were
looking at Michael Cohen owns a lot of
taxi medallions at one point a few years
ago before rideshare apps like uber and
lyft taxi medallions were really
valuable they would sell for upwards of
a million dollars it was one of the best
Invents investments you could make now
their their value has plummeted
significantly to have any insight why
they would be looking into that it's
hard to know exactly what to make of
this we don't see much documentation
where Moeller says here's what I'm
investigating or where the US attorney
in the Southern District of New York
would clarify that but what we do know
is that there was a search warrant and
it's reported that prosecutors are
looking into bank fraud and wire fraud
as well as campaign finance violations
so there could be some sort of a bank
fraud a scheme or artifice to defraud a
bank or a wire fraud a fraud that's
essentially effectuated using electronic
means and the medallions could play into
that in a way that we're not fully aware
of at this point in time hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
