hey welcome back to Velshi rule it's a
very very big day on Capitol Hill today
this is when Zuckerberg gets grilled by
Congress Facebook founder and CEO Mark
Zuckerberg this guy in the middle I know
you're having trouble recognizing him
because he's in a suit and tie which is
not his normal gig he's gonna face
questions from lawmakers hoping to get
answers about the company's data privacy
efforts Zuckerberg is going to testify
before the Senate Judiciary and commerce
committee starting at 2:00 p.m. this
afternoon tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. he'll
face more questions from the House
Energy and Commerce Committee you'll be
able to see both of those testimonies
live here on MSNBC but I want to go
through a quick look at the accusations
against the social media giant the
personal information of 87 million
Facebook users was exposed Facebook
allowed Cambridge analytical to harvest
that data that's the company that not
only hired was hired by President
Trump's campaign during the 2016
election but this is important the
company itself was financed by people
associated with mr. Trump's campaign
it's not a random third-party company
Facebook waited three years to disclose
this breach only after the Cambridge
analytic us story broke by journalists
did Facebook fess up to it also the 126
million users were exposed to
russian-backed accounts fake news if you
will men millions of fake Facebook users
were exposed to fake news hate speech
and voter influence by foreign nations
and this Facebook actually sold one
hundred thousand dollars in ads to
Russians ads that influenced the 2016
election likely in favor of mr. Trump
joining me now is Reed Hundt he's a
former chairman of the Federal
Communications Commission and a CEO of
popular vote and Bradley tusk he's a
regulatory adviser for tech companies
and he's a CEO of tusk ventures welcome
to both of you thank you for being here
Reid let me start with you
as a former FCC chairman the big
question on everybody's mind here is
what an outcome looks like what success
looks like and too many Americans and
many people around the world success
looks like some sort of regulation on on
Facebook and that it gets treated like a
Content company as opposed to a utility
or a platform in your mind is that
good outcome so everybody knows that if
this were a movie
Zuckerberg would be playing the role of
a million ways to say I'm sorry but you
put your finger right on a tally the
question citizens should ask is Congress
where have you been
Europe has gone ahead and laid out a
pretty good framework called the general
data protection rules and the United
States for all this century hasn't seen
any action from Congress that is really
meaningful we have no expert agency with
analytical tools and with an ability to
issue rules it's time for Congress to
act I know that mr. Zuckerberg won't be
able to question them but we citizens
can say what are you going to do Bradley
the the best analog may be the financial
industry right we know that in the Great
Recession we realized that our
regulators were well outgunned the the
big money went to these companies that
found ways around regulation and
generally the public feels we want banks
and financial industries to do well and
and flourish but at the same time we
need certain protections when when Reid
talks about what the Europeans have done
is there a way of regulating companies
like Facebook that don't ruin their it
essential SOR I mean the first part is
just people recognizing what Facebook is
and what it isn't it's a great service
and product that helps a lot of peace
where you connect but they make their
money on harvesting your data and
commercializing it and that's okay as
long as people understand this is what
I'm consenting to when I choose to go on
Facebook I think the value proposition
of what Facebook is and isn't really
hasn't been made clear to American
consumers and the Europeans have gone a
lot further and helping make sure people
understand the distinction and so
there's nothing wrong with Congress
saying these are privacy regulations
that every American has a right to
Facebook has to live within these
structures but within that if they can
convince people come use their platform
and they can monetize that data all the
power to them so Reid just to really
underscore a point I don't really mean
this the way I'm going to say it but are
people just not stupid
I mean if we put all this stuff out
there into some digital places not in
your safe it's not in your bedroom it is
out there on a digital platform and then
you get shocked that somebody used that
information
so Google and Facebook are really really
important companies everybody knows that
they are the common media for publishing
all kinds of information and
particularly information that each one
of us may want to disclose to others we
should not be denied the ability of
citizens to use Google and Facebook we
should be assured instead by a sensible
law passed by Congress that the way we
use it is going to be honored by
Facebook and by Google and by all the
other companies that gather data there
are lots of companies that gather data
in 2011 there was bipartisan legislation
introduced by Senators McCain and
Senator Kerry it should have been passed
it was endorsed by some but not all of
the tech industry this is a rite of
passage for the whole tech industry time
to get behind sensible laws that in turn
creates some expert agency that will
give protection to everyone and let us
use these common media Bradley one of
the things that somebody pointed out to
Stephanie and me yesterday is that while
we have a certain particular issue with
Facebook and how it was involved in the
election for a lot of people around the
world particularly in countries that do
not have guaranteed press freedoms and
freedom of speech Facebook is a more
important tool to that Facebook allows
them to get and send information that
their government typically wouldn't
allow them to do so so he was concerned
that we don't overdo it absolutely or
think about the Arab Spring and Twitter
right certainly none of that would have
happened without that kind of platform I
think he's absolutely right we don't
want to deny people the right to use
Facebook Google or by the way thousands
of other businesses and startups that
use your data and monetize it in some
way what we want to do is give people a
enough information to make intelligent
decisions and be I mean the ability to
kind of get out right I mean right now
it's very hard to delete a Facebook
account it's very hard to delete a
LinkedIn account so making it easier for
people to say okay I changed my mind and
no longer want to be part of this then
and not making it impossible for them
have you ever tried to cancel a cable
service but you can't do it on we had
everything online yeah get HBO you want
to cancel it
you've got to call on someone try to
talk to out of it for 45 minutes the
Facebook of the lease has to stop doing
that kind of thing let me ask you this
Reid is there a model for regulation
that would still allow
what we consider to be the free internet
to flourish and and contain some of this
is there is there a model that we can
look at that we look at the European
model or should there be a built-in
model because I'm afraid this afternoon
in some of the testimony a lot of it
will be grandstanding and things for TV
commercials when we get down to the meat
of it
what should legislators be looking at on
their side so if you let me go back to
the last century the telephone industry
always had the ability to know a great
deal about everybody everything when you
phoned everybody who phoned you but
there were regulations at the Federal
Communications Commission about the use
of that data by those telephone
companies they could use yellow pages as
a way to wrap advertising around some of
that data but they were restricted when
it came to disclosing that personal
information to others it's an ancient
model but it's not a bad model and one
more thing you mentioned Europe you
mentioned other countries the idea here
needs to be a global idea our law in the
United States the law in Europe and the
law we need to make sure applies in
China it ought to be very very very
similar
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
