today the russia probe the facebook data
controversy is Mark Zuckerberg the
luckiest guy on the planet this morning
okay
also the ongoing war in Syria member of
the judiciary Armed Services and
Veterans Affairs committees Democratic
Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut
also joining us MSNBC chief legal
correspondent and host of the beat on
MSNBC are a member also with us law
professor at George Washington
University Jonathan Turley who has a new
piece out this morning entitled mr.
president if many people have said you
should fire Muller many people are wrong
he was considering it Jonathan Turley
out loud yesterday it seems possibly
like not a good idea at this point if
your attorney is rated by the FBI is not
a bad day you know the the the idea of
his firing call me is really horrendous
you know we are in this position because
President Trump took the ill-advised
course of firing James Comey against the
advice of virtually everyone in the
White House except Jared Kushner this
would be that blunder on steroids it
would it wouldn't change anything it
wouldn't stop the investigation but it
could definitely put his presidency in
peril and part of the problem here is
that the president hasn't done what many
of us have been talking about for months
which is he had to remove himself from
his association with Michael Cohen
instead he had dinner with him a week
ago and then announced that he was still
his lawyer a couple days ago he had to
get out of the stormy Daniels case which
was clearly the biggest threat facing
him he didn't do that instead Cohen
ended up triggering in a ridiculous if
not moronic arbitration procedure so
what's the problem here is not molar the
problem is the lack of any intelligent
design behind this legal strategy Joe
yeah I'm Jonathan of course he doesn't
really have a legal team now he doesn't
have somebody leading that legal team I
wanted to I wanted to ask you though
about your insights some
time ago when this stormy Daniels case
first came up where you you had said
because you had been skeptical early on
about obstruction of justice and other
issues so you haven't just jumped into
the the fire like so many other people
saying oh the president's going down for
obstruction or the president's going to
go down for collusion but you
immediately told us on set that the
stormy Daniels case was going to be
problematic and here we find actually
the president facing his biggest legal
challenge and it's outside the Moller
investigation what did you know then and
how did yesterday's events play out to
confirm your worst suspicions early on
well this is precisely what I feared in
terms of how this would unfold I and
frankly many of trumps critics should be
rejoicing you know the stormy Daniels
matter had all of the things that are
missing in the collusion matter
collusion never really was a
particularly compelling case for a
criminal charge against Trump there's
just too many defenses that he could
raise the stormy Daniels matter from the
very outset had all of those elements
you know john edwards had been charged
criminally
with a very similar set of payments but
more importantly the president went out
very quickly and seemed to deny any
relationship with stormy Daniels he kept
his association a representation with
Michael Cohen it couldn't have been a
worse set of circumstances what's also
interesting I hope he's coming on the
Col and the hill this morning saying
that this has the makings of what used
to be called a Wolf Trap you know he was
in a good position the president just a
few days ago he had finally listened to
his lawyers was prepping for a
negotiated interview with Mahler and
then this happened and the way that you
you get a wolf is you give him to come
out of out into the open and that's what
michael cohen is he has brought the
president into greater peril and if the
president's aggressive if he runs
towards this this risk he could put his
whole presidency at risk he could
fall through that pit and that's the
irony of Michael Cohen is that he's
controlling the events in this case
when the President does have other
lawyers who've been trying to control
the damage that Michael Cohen has caused
so senator Blumenthal the FBI the
Southern District of New York the
Attorney's Office they're a US Attorney
now has a treasure trove of material
after spending the better part of a day
inside a hotel room where Michael Cohen
is living while they're renovations on
his apartment and inside his law offices
you yesterday said the rate of Michael
Cohen's office was a seismic event what
makes you think it is it's a little bit
like a nuclear strike with multiple
warheads first remember that it had to
go through multiple levels of review all
by trump appointees the assistant
attorney general for the criminal
division the acting US attorney in New
York
not to mention Rod Rosenstein the
director of the FBI there all Trump
appointees and so a raid on a lawyer's
office is an extraordinary event for a
prosecutor as I was to even contemplate
it is just a remarkable act of audacity
particularly when the lawyer is the city
president's lawyer and he has the vault
he has the keys to the kingdom he knows
all the secrets about Donald Trump and
if he were to cooperate it would be
indeed a transformative event so the
raid is seismic and remember that when
this kind of act is undertaken there has
to be more than just probable cause the
FBI and the US Attorney have to convince
the Department of Justice that they are
going to come away with very significant
evidence of a crime they have to be
convinced a crime has been committed and
given what we know about the way this
happens senator that Bob Mahler found a
piece of
referred to the Southern District of New
York based on all you've seen and what
we know about it do you suspect this is
related to Russia is this where they go
in to look at a crime related to Russian
activity during the election or is this
something else entirely that's a great
question I think that Cohen has been
involved in Trump's relationship to
Russia his negotiations for the hotel
that he wanted to build there the
dealings with Ukrainians have been
within Cohn's purview but my hunch is
that it relates much more to obstruction
of justice perhaps wire fraud or bank
fraud or money laundering all of those
potential crimes involve Donald Trump as
I've said repeatedly Donald Trump's
relationship with Deutsche Bank which
has been convicted of money laundering
through a settlement that it did all
these events relate to crimes unrelated
to the potential collusion charges but
so help me out Ari if this were related
to something with Russia if what we saw
yesterday the raid on Michael Cohen's
office were related to Russia
why wouldn't Bob Muller keep it in his
investigation why would he have to refer
it out to the Southern District well rod
Rosen site ultimately makes the call
assuming that what Muller has proposed
is something that is primarily outside
of the jurisdiction so as that
authorizing language so what does that
tell us it tells us that there's
evidence of a crime or belief that
there'll be destruction of evidence by
Muller's team that is primarily maybe
not 100% cleanly out of their purview
and then Rosenstein says all right we're
going to have the FBI agents deal with
it in New York so peggy noonan I've
covered senator Blumenthal for almost 30
years back when he was the Attorney
General of Connecticut he's the most
measured analyzer of information I've
ever met frustratingly so at times I've
never heard him talk like this a nuclear
warhead with a nuclear strike with
multiple warheads right on this
president in terms of going after his
attorney and then the president's
response I was watching you
react to that he seems different very
different very concerned the president
yeah yeah he looks to me like someone
who has decided in his head what his
next step is but he's trying to figure
out when he's going to let us know what
that step is and you can't help but
think the next step is someone's gonna
be get canned right somebody's going to
be fired yes I was struck by the
Senators use of the word seismic this is
a seismic event it's starting to occur
to me listening to everybody highly
informed people this morning talk that
why last night as I went to bed I
thought this the the entering of Cohen's
office home etcetera this must be about
the stormy Daniels thing but I think now
listening to everybody what we're saying
is no this is about this is looking for
information on things we are not fully
aware of yet and haven't been fully
filled in on yet let me just make one Jo
referred to something that I think is so
key here and in history we'll find so
interesting it is that the President of
the United States in a moment of legal
peril is does not have a legal team
right that is first-rate
killer Washington accomplished
experienced those people for various
reasons have not wanted to join the
president in a time of real crisis is
not represented represented by people it
seems to me who are arguably equal to
the historical moment and that goes to
what is happening right now mica which
is the top criminal defense lawyer for
Russia out John Dowd within the last
three weeks
right now Donald Trump's top personal
lawyer his longtime aide a trump or gig
Zack since 2006 not out by choice but
completely cornered by this raid the
only other person who's faced an FBI
raid was Paul Manafort 96 days later he
was indicted and no greater legal
authority than Curtis Jackson has said
when the feds come in the game loyalty
is limited and the question is does
Michael
Cowen's loyalty change as he feels
federal prosecutorial pressure well they
made they make get access to paperwork
whether he likes it or not a Joe I
couldn't help but to notice John Bolton
sitting next to the president yesterday
what a great first day on the job yeah
what a difficult first day on the job
and I'm sure John Bolton's gonna face
the same frustrations that everybody
else that steps into that position faces
and you know Peggy I wanted to follow up
on on on what you were saying that the
president doesn't have a legal team
that's prepared to face this historic
moment and this historic challenge
making matters worse the president is
spending all of his time watching cable
news shows that either enrage tweeting
or reinforce all of his pre-existing
prejudices so there is a feedback loop
where you have a cable news channel that
is telling the president what he wants
to hear the president then tweets back a
witch-hunt then the cable news channel
reports on that and you have if you're a
Donald Trump supporter then this is
these are the most dangerous of times
because instead of turning off Cable
News and talking to your attorneys and
putting together a cogent strategy to
face this historic challenge you've got
a president that watches cable news
seven eight nine hours a day and he's
hearing only what he wants to hear and
as Jonathan Turley said Peggy it's
causing him to make one dreadful mistake
after another
jeopardizing not only his presidency but
possibly his freedom
yeah one thing I also was thinking Joe I
understand what you're saying but john
bolton was next to the president at that
meeting yesterday in which the media in
which the president talked about cohen
and the investigation the subject of
that meeting was to be syria
we're in a grave moment in Syria and no
matter now because of the Cohen thing
going on no matter what the president
decides to do on Syria it is going to be
experienced as and painted as a
political decision you're not having one
affected by the mess that he is in Mike
well to that point senator Blumenthal
and at this seismic moment American
history with all of this going on we
have a president who is virtually alone
a president alone waiting to make a
decision on Syria waiting for the
Justice Department in the Muller
investigation to proceed apace and now
the southern district of Manhattan to
proceed apace your view on Syria what
are the president's options what is the
danger well there has to be a response
it must be robust and it must have
military implications it has to send a
message to Russia and Iran the enablers
here that they will be held accountable
as well so stronger sanctions on Putin's
oligarchs and on the money-laundering by
Putin and the funneling and hidden
assets involving money that is one way
to send a message but to come back to
Russia in the context of this
investigation a criminal defense lawyer
would say to Donald Trump turn off the
TV keep your mouth shut about the
investigation the President of the
United States the advantage he has as a
potential defendant a possibility that
can no longer be ruled out is he is the
only person in the world who is
president United States he can make
everything else look small in light of
the enormous implications of world
events and the threat they represent to
the United States but one more point
here the threat level to the special
counsel has risen astronomically one of
the really stunning points about that
rant by the president yesterday facing
his generals there to talk about Syria
was the prospect of his firing Bob
Muller
any of the other top officials at the
Department of Justice which would
provoke a constitutional crisis in the
midst of the Syrian concentration my
gosh and then there's this other story
which is in many ways related you're
monitoring you have a role in hearing
from Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook today
what are you hoping to accomplish there
this moment for Mark Zuckerberg is like
High Noon it's a moment of reckoning for
Facebook for its business model not just
about Cambridge analytical but about
whether it will commit to fully
informing its users about how it uses
its their personal information and seek
their informed consent the days of trust
me from Mark Zuckerberg are over the
apology tour and the contrition sonata I
think have worked only so far now okay
firing on all cylinders this morning
senator Blumenthal thank you very much
and we'll be looking forward to hearing
from you again very soon and jonathan
turley thank you as well we'll be
reading your column in the hill this
morning REM elber we'll see you on the
beat at six o'clock tonight I'm trying
to think of what soundbite of
Blumenthal's you'll use probably every
single one coming up more on a potential
strike with Syria with one of the
centre's leading the discussion over how
and under what circumstances the US
military uses force senator Tim Kaine
joins the conversation that's all still
ahead on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
