first willie geist with what went down
and leaving by the way the Justice
Department conspiracy was Attorney
General Jeff Sessions the first United
States Senator to support Donald Trump
in his campaign that according to Donald
Trump as he attacked sessions yesterday
but here's what happened the FBI raided
the office yesterday in hotel room of
president Trump's longtime personal
attorney Michael Cohen prosecutors and
agents from the Southern District of New
York obtained the search warrant in
coordination with the special counsels
office after receiving referral from
Robert Muller's team a person briefed on
the search told the New York Times that
a payment Cohen arranged to Pornstar
stormy Daniels is only one of many
topics being investigated the FBI also
seized emails tax documents and business
records the person said The Washington
Post reports Cohen is under federal
investigation for possible bank fraud
wire fraud and campaign finance
violations that according to three
people with knowledge of the case
federal prosecutors collected
communications between Cohen and his
clients including those between the
lawyer and mr. Trump according to two
sources in a statement Cohen's lawyer
said prosecutors decision to conduct
their investigation using search
warrants is completely inappropriate and
unnecessary adding it resulted in the
unnecessary seizure of protected
attorney-client communications between a
lawyer and his clients Wow Matt Apuzzo
you were one of the first reporters on
this story just suss through a little
bit about how this went down how it was
initiated and what all the FBI may have
been looking for well Michael Cohen's
lawyer says that his understanding is
that this was taken this was done by the
special account this was done by the
United States Attorney's office in
Manhattan excuse me
after a referral from Bob Muller's
office which means that Muller came
across something that that piqued his
interest but that he viewed as probably
not in his world not in his mandate not
necessarily directly related to Russian
interference in the election or
coordination with the Trump campaign and
then referred that over to prosecutors
in Manhattan and to Joe's point yeah I
mean all these people are Republican and
I think that in the sort of world we
live in in DC right now
that's worth pointing out but also
whether it's the Obama administration of
the Trump administration there's just an
expectation there there should be an
expectation that in Washington that that
federal prosecutors and FBI agents
regardless of who put them there are
going to follow these things through
without you know being afraid of
repercussions and without favoritism and
so obviously if you got a warrant as
they did in New York that had to be
reviewed by a federal judge and approved
by a federal judge and somebody had to
decide there's probable cause that a
crime was committed here and and that
document had to have been reviewed by
senior officials in Washington so I mean
this was a vetted process I have
extremely vetted process so Matt I think
it's people are listening to the story
reading your reporting and trying to
connect the dots they might wonder why
if Bob Muller found something that was a
red flag why was it handed off to the
Southern District of New York and why
wasn't it something that Muller himself
might have pursued in his investigation
it's a great question and if you if you
read the the mandate that that Muller
has you know there's a catch-all
category of you can investigate any
crimes that you sort of come up with and
so you know it may have been a case
where this was something he had the
legal authority to do but just decided
wasn't in his core mandate or he may
have just said listen this isn't really
what I was brought here to do and
there's been a lot of criticism going
back to the Independent Counsel years of
Ken Starr of a Special Counsel kind of
run amuck and that is very much in play
right now in the Paul Manafort
litigation where manna Ford is accusing
Muller of having essentially an endless
and endless mandate and endless brief so
by referring this to prosecutors in New
York it allows them to say Bob Muller
passed this information on he is not
sort of running wild right Joe you know
yeah mica that's it's a great point and
I'll just tell everybody what we talked
about as soon as this news broke
yesterday and that is again just a
private conversation but I said I don't
don't want Bob Muller
spending his time investigating stormy
Daniels this is about Russia
this is about obstruction of justice and
if he starts investigating stormy
Daniels then in an aggressive way and
he's rating Cohen's offices for that
then it ends up just like Ken's store
were a land deal morphs into what we saw
with Bill Clinton this shows once again
once we got the information that no Bob
Muller's not investigating this but he
came across something that he thought
was a crime he referred it on like any
officer of the court in the United
States of America has a responsibility
to do and it shows once again what a
disciplined buttoned up operation that
he has they don't leak and also Bob
Muller is not going to be undisciplined
and he's not going to waste the time of
the American people he's going to do
what he was hired to do and if he comes
across something else that he doesn't
think tightly fits in in into his
mission then he's going to pass it on so
yesterday shows once again he passed it
on to the US Attorney for the Southern
District a Giuliani man a Trump
contributor and said I came across this
I hear I refer to you do with it what
you will and this former Trump supporter
who's now a US attorney whose first duty
is to the Constitution in the rule of
law must have seen a crime there and and
actually went to work on it we do need
we do need we do need this clarified I
mean people need to stop blurring this
with Robert Muller this is not part of
Robert Muller's investigators become
clear and obviously when the news broke
we were working the phones and we've
been in contact with people who are
extremely close on many levels to this
situation and Emily Jane Fox let's focus
in on Michael Cohen because as as one
contact told me if Trump has committed
any crime no one would know more about
it than Michael Cohen no one would have
more information on it than Michael
Cohen this is a worst-case scenario if
there is any problem to be revealed it
is true that they are inextricably
linked to one another
incredibly close and have been for more
than a decade Michael Cohen has not only
worked there as an attorney for the
Trump Organization and now as a personal
attorney but Michael Khan the first time
I interviewed him over the summer he
basically said this guy is like my
father I asked him a question about if
he would continue to be loyal to him no
matter what if there was a red line he
said well wouldn't would you do that for
your own father
whoa which I thought was a very telling
statement that that is the the question
he was posing back to me and that is the
way that he thought about Donald Trump
and I think that is the way he thinks
about the entire Trump family the way he
thinks about the children are it sort of
some sort of nice nephew brother sister
hybrid and so he's not only been there
and seen everything and describes
himself as a loyal fixer but he has an
emotional connection to them and that's
something that you you can't discount
here he's been involved in a number of
business transactions but the way he
thinks about them is is very much like a
wonder Mike Barnicle how that emotional
connection feels today after the feds
have come knocking at his door because
that might end well we'll have to see
how it works out when he actually sits
down yeah with the assistant US
Attorney's in the beam to question him
but Frank yesterday's raid a lawyer's
office search warrant a lawyer's office
is extremely rare extremely dicey and
how its conducted could you explain the
mechanics of a tape team that goes in
with agents on a search warrant in the
lawyer's office what they would be
looking for specifically in this case
and what your instinct tells you about
what they can extract from this search
warrant it's important to understand
what goes into the very sensitive search
of an attorney's office because of the
privileged information in there so first
of all you've got to go to very high
levels of the Department of Justice and
get authority to search an attorney's
office and particularly to get authority
to ask in in the affidavit to get client
information and that's what we're
hearing has happened here then you go
before a u.s. magistrate and you
convince him or her that there's
specific probable cause not
that a crime has occurred but for the
very locations that you are conceding to
search and I that's significant let's
talk about that when you go in front of
a magistrate you say hey Cohen's
residing at the hotel over here so we
want to get in there
the magistrate's gonna say that's not
enough tell me what why you're seeking
computers and why you think those
computers or papers or documents are in
that place and when you answer that
question you've got to have an
investigative answers what does that
mean it means you've had him under
surveillance for a period of time this
is not something that just happened
overnight you need to say I saw mr.
Cohen enter that room that house that
hotel room
several times with that specific
computer that he conducts business on so
if people think this happened overnight
it has none and that is what it took to
get there there is now a process in
which attorney-client privilege can be
revoked so everything can come out yeah
it can be that's where the tank team
comes exactly so to protect this
investigation and the integrity of it
and to protect the clients of Cohen who
have nothing to do with this you bring
agents in to that search warrant and
their job is only to execute that
warrant look at whether what they're
seeing is pertinent to their
investigation or is merely privileged
client information and they set it aside
and they are called the dirty team or
the taint team and they will have
nothing to do with the substantive
underlying case so they're not tainted
by privilege and so that personal
connection that Emily Jane Fox talks
about makes things all the more
interesting because Michael Cohen might
have a treasure trove for FBI
investigators and lawyers will be a part
of that team thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
