Dave 445 of the Trump administration
brings a bombshell that one Trump
confidant conceded was quote a true
cause for alarm for the president today
the FBI raided the Manhattan office and
hotel room of Michael Cohen he's Donald
Trump's longtime personal lawyer and
fixer the man who paid porn star stormy
Daniels 130,000 dollars in hush money
the New York Times broke the story late
this afternoon The Washington Post soon
followed they both report that some of
the material seized in that raid is
related to the payment to stormy Daniels
but also the documents related to other
topics as well as communications between
Cohen and his clients were taken The
Washington Post reports that Cohen's
computer his phone and personal
financial records were confiscated in
the search of his law office and that
he's quote under federal investigation
for possible bank fraud wire fraud and
campaign finance violations according to
a person with knowledge of the case the
president was not happy about any of it
sources close to the White House tell
NBC News that he found out about the
raid after it was under way but before
it broke on the news those sources also
say Trump quote furious and stewing over
what is being perceived as Muller
forcing a provocative confrontation one
Trump ally told me tonight that the
president quote blew his top like a loon
before walking into a meeting with his
war cabinet to discuss America's
response to the atrocity in Syria before
the meeting began the president released
this diatribe so I just heard that they
broke into the office of one of my
personal attorneys good man and it's a
disgraceful situation it's a total witch
hunt I've been saying it for a long time
I've wanted to keep it down we've given
I believe over a million pages worth of
documents to the Special Counsel
they continue to just go forward and
here we are talking about Syria we're
talking about a lot of serious things
with the greatest fighting force ever
and I have this witch
constantly going on for over 12 months
now and actually much more than that you
could say it was right after I won the
nomination it started and it's a
disgrace it's frankly a real disgrace
it's a an attack on our country in the
true sense it's a to tackle and what we
all stand for so when I saw this and
when I heard it I heard it like you did
I said that is really now in a whole new
level of unfairness this is the most
biased group of people these people have
the biggest conflicts of interest I've
ever seen Democrats all were just about
all either Democrats or a couple of
Republicans that worked for President
Obama they're not looking at the other
side they're not looking at the Hillary
Clinton horrible things that she did and
all of the crimes that were committed
they're not looking at all of the things
that happened that everybody is very
angry about I can tell you from the
Republican side and I think even the
independent side they only keep looking
at us so they find no collusion and then
they go from there and they say well
let's keep going and they raid an office
of a personal attorney early in the
morning and I think it's a disgrace so
we'll be talking about it more but this
is the most conflicted group of people
I've ever seen the Attorney General made
a terrible mistake
when he did this and when he recused
himself or he should have certainly let
us know if he was going to recuse
himself and we would have fused they put
a different Attorney General in so he
made what I consider to be a very
terrible mistake for the country but
you'll figure that out all I can say is
after looking for a long period of time
not even before the special counsel
because it really started just about
from the time I won the nomination and
you look at what took place and what
happened and it's a disgrace it's a
disgrace
mr. president why don't I just fire
mother well I think it's a disgrace
what's going on we'll see what happens
but I think it's really a sad situation
when you look at what happened then many
people have said you should fire him
again they found nothing and in finding
nothing that's a big statement if you
know the person who's in charge of the
investigation you know all about that
deputy Rosenstein rod Russell Stein
he wrote the letter very critical of
combing one of the things I said I fired
call me well I turned out to do the
right thing because you look at all of
the things that he's done in the lies
and you look at what's going on at the
FBI with the insurance policy and all of
the things that happened
turned out I did the right thing but he
signed as you know he also signed the
FISA warrant
so rod Rosenstein who is in charge of
this signed a FISA warrant and he also
he also find a letter that was
essentially saying to fire James Comey
and he was right about that he was
absolutely right so we'll see what
happens I think it's disgraceful and so
does a lot of other people this is a
pure and simple witch hunt thank you
very much thank you
let's bring in our leadoff town for the
night Ashley Parker White House reporter
for The Washington Post in an MSNBC
political and analyst Michael Schmidt
New York Times Washington correspondent
and an MSNBC contributor Jennifer Rogers
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York at the
center of the story tonight now with
Columbia Law Center for the Advancement
of Public Integrity and former US
Attorney Joyce Vance who spent 25 years
as a federal prosecutor Joyce let me
start with you because a former federal
prosecutor said to me tonight
ignore the US Attorney's manual there
are two things that they had to have
suspected Michael Cohen of doing to have
obtained this search warrant one either
he was non-responsive to subpoenas or
two they had evidence or suspicion that
he was destroying evidence your thoughts
I think it's unlikely that he was just
non-responsive disappears I think that
they would have continued to try to work
that out that leaves me with the choice
behind door B the fact that they
believed that there was evidence that
was at risk of destruction and also that
they believed that they were entitled to
pierce this veil that cut that really
covers lawyer-client conversations and
communications in secrecy and there was
probable cause to believe that there was
evidence of criminality that superseded
that privilege so that it was
appropriate for them to go in and
collect evidence so we listened to that
song together Jenna I took a quick list
of everyone he maligned in that tirade
mind you the purpose of that meeting he
wasn't just bringing in the pool to get
something off his chest that was he had
convened the War Cabinet to talk about
the atrocities in Syria and he talked
about an attack on our country he was
talking about his own Justice Department
FBI he ticked off sessions deputy
general Rosen's time Muller and his own
pick for the US Attorney for the
Southern District of New York to smear
and let me just read you something from
The Washington Post report tonight on
the rate of Cohen's apartment and
offices the post writing the Cohen raids
required high level
zatia within the Justice Department
under regulations governing the special
council's work Muller is required to
consult with Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosen Stein if his team finds
information worth investigating that
does not fall under his mandate to
examine Russia's interference in the
2016 election so walk us through what
that could have been and and again how
high the bar had to be for such an
extraordinary search and seizure like
what we saw today well I think what
likely happened is that Muller's team
came across information that suggested
criminal activity that was not within
the Mandate of the Muller investigation
right so even if we're just talking
about the campaign finance violations
and potential bank fraud around the
stormy Daniels $130,000 that's not
really within the area that Muller
supposed to be looking at so they then
kick that over to the US Attorney's
office in Manhattan which of course is
the jurisdiction where Cohen's offices
and where this activity likely took
place to get a search warrant into a
lawyer's office there are very very high
bars or additional obstacles you have to
get approvals from the Department of
Justice you have to show a special need
for that information you have to show
that you've used other avenues and
they've been unsuccessful and you have
to put in place a taint team or a clean
team that will review the information
before it goes over to the investigatory
team to make sure that no
attorney-client information that isn't
pierced by the crime fraud exception
goes over Ashley Parker you and your
colleagues out with some extraordinary
reporting tonight about the president's
State of Mind which was on full display
in what we just played but I heard from
a source in in close contact with Wes
wingers that he was out of his mind
today that this really set him off and
when I asked if firings were possible
this person said indeed they were that
that as your paper reported there's
nothing imminent but that this certainly
is the closest the president's come to
doing what I think a lot of news
organizations have reported that he'd
like to do which is to get rid of
sessions and his deputy rod Rosen Stein
who oversees the Muller investigation
yeah that's exactly right the president
sort of like the rest of the country
glued to the television as this unfolded
watching the reports come in and he was
just getting our understanding is
increasingly angry increasingly
frustrated he was sort of grev seen
about rod Rosenstein who he's never
particularly liked he was again fuming
about sessions who after that original
sin of recusal he's just been furious
with and he was asking we understand
quite detailed questions about you know
who would have made this decision to
authorize this read and who is
responsible and who was at fault and I
have to say you played that footage of
him
in that cabinet meeting you know when he
was asked about are you planning on
firing Muller and he said well some
people are telling me maybe I should
fire him anyone who is a Trump watcher
knows that's one of the presidents tells
what he says that it's very well people
may be telling him that I know a lot of
outside advisers who had been urging him
to be more aggressive but that also
means that's something I'm thinking
about that's something I would love to
do so far he's been able to restrain
himself but when he talked about that
red line and that interview to the New
York Times before that Muller crossed it
would be you know if he looked into his
businesses or his families and going
after Michael Co and his personal
attorney who is as you pointed out his
enforcer his fixer his consigliere is
sort of as close as you can come to the
family and to the businesses with
without quite crossing that red line so
Mike Schmidt you've done a good deal of
reporting on the president speak that
his own Justice Department does not
serve as his personal legal operation he
added a new name to his own Justice
Department enemies list that's the US
Attorney for the Southern District Jeff
Berman he's someone I understand to be
close to DOM again the president's own
White House Counsel somebody appointed
by the president somebody interviewed by
the president in place there as a trump
appointee not yet confirmed as far as I
understand but this seems like another
Domino to fall in the president's
ongoing war against his own appointees
in the Department of Justice at the FBI
and now in the US Attorney's Office for
the Southern District the president
repeatedly does this with the Justice
Department where he complains about it
endlessly just the other day complaining
about the documents the Justice
Department had not turned over to
Congress
and I think the president sometimes
forgets or maybe is afraid of the fact
that he controls the Justice Department
he could call the Justice Department and
tell them to end this and I guess that's
where we sort of stand right now how
truly angry is the President and is he
willing to do this is he willing to push
the Republicans to the point of having
to confront him getting rid of some of
these folks and trying to end Muller's
investigation and and what will it be
because I as this story has gone I'm
sure there will be far worse things than
a search warrant executed at Michael
Cohen's office to come down the line so
if the president realizes that then he
might as well rip the band-aid off and
do it now I you know if this is just
gonna get worse as it comes
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
