I will say gene you look at the polls
and Senate races you look at the cook
Political Report after watching a year
of races breaking Democrats way they're
now starting to break Republicans way
because you can look at the Montana race
that was lean Democrat it's now a
toss-up you can look at other races that
were likely Republican like for instance
the nebraska senate seat now it is solid
republican that again from the cook
Political Report and it's same thing
with New Jersey New Jersey has tightened
up according to the cook Political
Report it's gone from likely Democratic
to lean Democratic but there's a much
bigger issue here Jean and I won that
you're getting to and that is that is
Bill Clinton always complained about
Republicans just know how to fight
tougher and meaner and dirtier the
Democrats do occasionally you will have
a Bill Clinton that knows how to win
elections Barack Obama surrounded
himself with a masterful team and boy
they put it on Mitt Romney hard hard
starting in the spring of 2012 but
that's the exception and not the rule
for Democrats the Democrats get rolled
over with Merrick garland and now this I
mean mm-hmm
wonder when are they going to learn how
to fight really I mean it's it's like
they're playing two different games
sometimes and you know Republicans are
no they keep their eye on the prize as I
said and look at the result I mean
Republicans who are a distinct minority
in this country by the way I mean there
are a lot more Democrats than
Republicans and more independence than
then either right now but there aren't
that many Republicans yet Republicans
are in control of our government the
white house the both houses of Congress
most state houses and and they have been
ruthless in the way they have an
efficient and the way they've carried
out the gerrymandering to perpetuate
that that power arm if they have Dave
just you know kept moving ahead
and Democrats have done a lot of sort of
was me this the same time for kumbaya
folks well and and you know John
Heilemann right now you're hearing a lot
of was me people talking about how a
small percent of Americans control over
fifty percent of the United States
Senate acting as if there's something
wrong with how our founders set up the
United States Senate actually the truth
is Democrats are clustered on the coasts
you don't see a lot of Democrats running
things west of the Hudson River or east
of Las Vegas it seems to me Democrats
have to figure out how to start winning
in middle America again like Bill
Clinton knew how to do Barack Obama's
certainly knew how to do it but they've
got to learn how to do it on the state
level as well or else this is going to
keep happening yeah I mean look there's
an easy there's it's not an easy remedy
it's a straightforward remedy to the
Democrats problem which is go out and
win some elections and you know you saw
it in Alabama you know Alabama reddest
state where Loretta states in the
country what happened Democrat there's
plenty of people who would be inclined
who should vote democratic their values
aligned with Democrats on the issues
they're democratic when those people
were mobilized in that election they
went out of voted for doug jones and put
him in office so it's not like it's it's
some impossible fantasy for a Democrat
to win statewide in any state in the
country if Democrats can win a statewide
election in Alabama there are enough
voters in any state in the country for
Democrats to win statewide the question
is can you find the right candidate who
runs the right race and mobilize your
voters and find that sense of urgency
again there's no theoretical reason why
they can't win a statewide race in every
state in the country if they can win in
Alabama
the question is glycol challenged in
front of you you want to do some of the
constrained Ahnold Trump you want to do
something to constrain these kind of
stream court choices go out and win some
elections guys that's all that's all
there is to it I'm not saying it's easy
but I'm not saying it's that hard all
right still ahead the latest on whether
Brett Kavanaugh has the fifty votes he
needs to be confirmed to axis as
Jonathan Swan and NBC's Casey hunt and
Peter Alexander all join us with new
reporting on this Morning Joe we'll be
right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
