you'll have to ask Michael Cohen joining
our discussion now someone who knows
Michael Cohen Tim O'Brien the executive
editor of Bloomberg view the author of
Trump nation the art of being the Donald
it's also an MSNBC contributor and back
with us Michael avenatti and Ari
Melbourne and Michael Cohen I'm sorry
Michael Cohen Tim O'Brien on a day like
today what do we need to know about the
biography of Michael Cohen well you know
he first emerges in Trump land eeeh as
an advisor to Trump on a dispute with
with tenants and co-op owners at one of
trumps buildings and I think he
essentially did Trump's handiwork in
that dispute and Trump brought him into
his organization to play a very familiar
role that we've seen over the years with
Trump which is a lawyer who's not really
a lawyer he's a lawyer who's a fixer
he's a lawyer who helps Trump weaponize
the legal system to take on opponents to
take on critics to take out journalists
and to solve problems and Trump himself
I think has sort of a predilection for
thugs and for people who talk and act
tough and Michael Kohn certainly fills
that role I think what's different here
is it's the first time I think that
Trump has ever had a lawyer who's been a
close advisor who is now the subject of
a major investigation and by all
indications the attorney-client
privilege is going to get pierced here
and the US Attorney's Office had enough
evidence to go there and Michael
avenatti on the attorney-client
privilege
how do you expect what what's what's
reverse-engineer this for a second how
do you expect what happened today with
the FBI to affect the case the civil
case that you are pursuing and what
would be left of Michael Cohen's
attorney-client privilege even within
that case well if the attorney-client
privilege is is pierced or officiated
due to the crime fraud exception in
connection with this criminal I vest
then the same would hold true in
connection with our civil case and that
could have a far-reaching impact
depending on what those communications
were what the documents showed etc you
know one of the things Lawrence that I
wanted to talk about briefly if I could
was and I'm gonna speculate a little bit
but in connection with Michael Cohen's
Banking associated with this essential
consultants and the wire payment of a
hundred and thirty thousand dollars to
my client there were a number of what I
would what I'm going to describe is
potential trip wires that federal
prosecutors could use to bring charges
against Michael Cohen I'm going to talk
briefly about three of them one is when
he took out the home equity loan he had
to have provided a purpose to the bank
for that loan I doubt that he said it's
to pay one hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to a porn star that we don't
believe and she's lying
I'm fairly certain he didn't tell the
bank that so that's the first trip wire
if he lied in connection with that home
equity loan the second potential trip
wire is when he established the accounts
for essential consultants when he opened
those accounts at the bank banks have to
go through what's called kyc know your
client know your customer analysis and
you have to tell a bank when you open up
a business account for a new business
what it's going to be used for again I
seriously doubt eat old First Republic
Bank I'm using it to send one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars to a porn
star that we think is lying so that's
the second tripwire and then the third
tripwire Lawrence is in connection with
this or that you've heard us talking
about the suspicious activity report
when the bank did their internal
investigation I am highly confident they
contacted Michael Cohen after the
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment and they asked him what it was
for exactly and again I doubt that he
told him the truth so those are three
potential instances where he lied or
made misrepresentations to a federal
federally insured bank that in and of
itself could cause significant problems
for Michael Cohen and Ari I think Tim
O'Brien would tell us that everything
that Michael avenatti just described
would be standard operating procedure in
Trump world
well sure there's a lot of that
which goes on you know Michael having
Adi had so many acronyms I would not
want to ever have to play Scrabble with
him quick with the letters there I think
we could be getting ahead of ourselves
any time the analysis presupposes a
crime of course we're not there yet it
is a huge deal that they convinced a
judge there was a reason to go in which
means there's evidence of a potential
crime or evidence of destruction
obstruction that kind of thing
I think the key question here when you
go back to what you raised Lawrence
which was the attorney-client privilege
in the secrets I mean Michael Cohen
holds more of Donald Trump's secrets
than any other living person we know
that I've dealt with Michael Bob Miller
knows that Trump knows that the only
thing that's not a secret is that he
holds the secrets now do you do you
pierce the attorney-client product I
don't think we know yet in fact I don't
think we can know because the big
question that the New York prosecutors
are gonna look at and if they find
anything about rush or collusion of
course they kick back and share that to
Muller but the big question is did
Michael Cohen break the law and if so
did he do it rogue which of course has
been the stormy Daniels defense he goes
out just facilitating payments and doing
all this stuff rogue I don't find it
that believable but did he do it rogue
or did he do it for and with Donald
Trump and that's the category that
matters if they land there if there is
no in coordination or conspiracy to do
crimes on behalf of the client on behalf
of Donald Trump now you're in a tough
spot for the sitting president because
you could pierce attorney-client
privilege you have ongoing conspiracy
argument and what else is in there
remember Donald Trump famously does not
keep emails that as far as we know has
been widely confirmed but Michael Cohen
email said he may email notes to himself
coming out of Trump Tower about what
Trump said to him five years ago that
would be hot for any probe Tim O'Brien
Michael Cohen gets hit with three FBI
raids at three different locations today
the early morning his his home in New
York City which is being renovated at
the moment from some damage that had
occurred then his office and the hotel
room that he's staying in and the FBI
takes his phone right out of his hands
given what you know about Michael Cohen
how does that feel for Michael Cohen
when he realizes the FBI is coming
through the door for him
I have to imagine some of it was
shocking to him in the same way that
Paul Manafort and his wife were shocked
when Muller's people came through the
front door of their home in the early
morning and and executed a subpoena
while they were still in their pajamas
and I think the other important thing to
think about here is how does the
president think about it because we're
now in a place where you know Muller is
executed a subpoena on the Trump
Organization his personal attorney has
now been raided by the FBI III think
that Trump is not someone who just sits
back and lets these things happen I
think if some of this stuff could start
to come to a boiling point in terms of
the president's own response to all of
it Mike 1190 what is your next legal
move well we're going to release this
sketch of the assailant here in the next
day or two and we're going to publicize
a very significant reward relating to
seeking the public's assistance and
finalizing our identification of that
assailant and this is the individual
that threatened my client in Las Vegas
so that is our our next significant move
but I want to touch Lawrence if I could
on the question that you just posed
about what what did Michael Cohen or
what was his feeling when this happened
today you know I don't know him the way
that your other panelists know him but
I've got to believe that it was very
disconcerning I mean when your friend
and your client is the president United
States you probably think that you're
somewhat protected or shielded and that
he's going to protect you and take care
of you
when the FBI shows up at your door not
just one door but three doors with
multiple agents and Bluejackets etc that
calls into question your faith and
confidence in your relationship with mr.
Trump and that I can assure you and
everything we know about Michael Cohen
before the presidential election and
during indicates that he actually
thought this is the kind of fun he and
Donald Trump would be having in the
White House if Donald Trump ever got
there that they could send the FBI and
the IRS and all federal agents
out against their enemies whenever they
wanted to and and Michael avenatti that
Michael Cohen is living with a very
different reality tonight yeah it's a
very serious matter I mean I mentioned
this to Ari you know no one on our side
of the case is high-fiving or
celebrating this I mean it's a it's a
very serious thing when someone's in the
crosshairs like this I feel from
Michael's family and his wife quite
honestly Michael avenatti Ari Mel were
Tim O'Brien thank you all for joining us
tonight really really appreciate hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
