let's explain what's going on later
today the UN Security Council will hold
a meeting to discuss the international
response to Saturday suspected chemical
attack in Syria a groups are accusing
President Assad of using chemical
weapons to suffocate dozens of his own
people in a rebel-held neighborhood near
Damascus Assad's regime denies it but
President Trump did not wait long to
respond on Sunday morning he lashed out
at Assad as well as Russian President
Vladimir Putin that is net noteworthy
and Assad's supporters warning that
there would be consequences for their
actions his team did not rule out a
military response this is one of those
issues on which every nation all peoples
have all agreed and have agreed since
world war ii is an unacceptable practice
so possible they there will be another
missile attack I wouldn't take anything
off the table if the president decides
to act he could do it quickly following
a similar chemical attack last year he
waited less than three days to order a
Tomahawk missile strike on a Syrian Air
Base but since then the war it's only
gotten worse according to the Syrian
Network for Human Rights
more than 11,000 civilians have been
killed in Syria since last April half of
the country's pre-war population has
been displaced and much of the
infrastructure has been completely
destroyed
despite that the US has pretty much
relied on a small force of about 2,000
troops to carry out its policy of
fighting Isis and helping
anti-government militia and last Tuesday
just days before the alleged chemical
attack President Trump said the United
States we should get out completely
I want to get out I want to bring our
troops back home I want to start
rebuilding our nation so it's time it's
time we were very successful against
Isis we'll be successful against anybody
militarily but sometimes it's time to
come back home
so the president said that and the
Pentagon has since walked it back
Senator John McCain says it was those
remarks by the president
that led directly to Saturday's chemical
attack he said that by signaling the
United States would quote prematurely
withdraw from Syria president Trump
emboldened the Syrian leader and other
lawmakers say the president now has to
back up his threats or risk looking weak
in the eyes of the world you need to
follow through that tweet show resolve
that Obama never did to get this right
he's in office for more than a year and
he's got to send a message once again
that what he said he meant
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
