President Trump responded to the news of
these suspected chemical attacks in a
series of tweets yesterday morning many
dead including women and children and
mindless chemical attack in Syria area
of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled
by Syrian army making it completely
inaccessible to outside world
President Putin Russia and Iran are
responsible for backing animal Assad big
price to pay
open area immediately for medical help
and verification another humanitarian
disaster for no reason whatsoever
SiC he went on to criticize his
predecessor writing if President Obama
had crossed his stated red line in the
sand the Syrian disaster would have
ended long ago animal Assad would have
been history Republican Senator John
McCain is criticizing President Trump
following the attack saying Assad's
regime was emboldened after he suggested
last week that it was time to reduce US
involvement in Syria and Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham had this to say
about president Trump's response to the
suspected chemical attack the defining
moment in his presidency because he has
challenged Assad in the past not to use
chemical weapons we had a one-and-done a
missile attack suicides at it again they
see us resolve breaking they see our
determination to stay in Syria waning in
the snow accident they use chemical
weapons if it becomes a tweet without
meaning then he's hurt himself in North
Korea if he doesn't follow through and
live up to that tweet he's gonna look
weak in the eyes of a Russia and Iran so
this is defining moment mr. president
you need to follow through that tweet
show resolve that Obama never did to get
this right so at least rewind a little
bit first tweet he was he did call out
he did call out Putin by name which is
significant it's the first time it's
worth noting has ever done that over the
course of the presidential campaign and
now in his presidency I it's surprising
to me I think that it's the truth it's
the one he should do it is surprising to
me that it happened at this specific
moment Admiral stavridis Mike
to you is how does the US military
define the strategy that they are
supposed to implement on the ground in
Syria right now that's an incredibly
confusing tweet storm and I must say
that I'm completely confused as to what
the mission is supposed to be but how
would the US military see it well the US
military at this point is hunkered down
building options but let's rewind a
couple of days ago when President Trump
launches the first of the tweets about
we're going to get out of Syria
literally at the same moment general Joe
Votel four-star Army General incredibly
capable Special Forces officer who's in
charge of this entire region militarily
at the same moment his
commander-in-chief is tweeting we're
pulling out of Syria general Votel is
saying at a different forum we're gonna
stay we have a good plan we're working
through this we have a job to do with
Isis so this kind of disconnect is
incredibly difficult for the military to
deal with and I think about the time
that tweet came out there was a sound of
a distant explosion that was general
mattis's head exploding in the Pentagon
because he's the one that has to kind of
put those pieces back together again so
at least today the military is building
the option sets which will run from
fairly benign intelligence gathering all
the way up to a big land force in the
region we'll probably end up somewhere
in between Richard Haass is right a few
more pinprick strikes with tomahawks are
not going to get this done you're going
to see carriers move into the area
you're gonna see land-based air employed
here I think we're going to do this with
the Israelis that's the set of options
the president is going to look at don't
look for anything to happen immediately
this is probably two or three days from
now to build that kind of strike the
military is working the options we're
very good at this the challenge is going
to be in the White House nailing down
decisions that have a strategic end goal
in mind and that's what I don't see
happening and Steve Rattner as Donald
Trump is our commander-in-chief was
announcing his retreat
from the region you actually had a
meeting between Putin Iran and and Iran
talking about is basically patting
themselves on the back their backs and
and and talking about how they were
going to handle Syria and the region in
the future I mean it's it's hard for any
it's hard for me to imagine any
presidential candidate not getting
politically ripped to shreds in the next
political campaign for turning a region
back over to Isis to Iran to Putin and
to Assad but that's what he would be
doing I don't know who he's listening to
I don't know what columns he's reading
but even the American Firsters that I've
talked to in the past they're not fans
of Isis they're not fans of Iran I
thought he was going to destroy Isis and
was going to stand up to Iran well this
this is something that Barack Obama
wouldn't even do if if confronted with
these set of facts well we did a little
of that obviously in terms of taking on
Isis but yeah but I agree with
everything you've said that our policy
has been completely inconsistent and in
apart from the human tragedy we're on
the verge of seeding Syria as you just
said to a bunch of folks who are not our
friends who and in giving Russia
strategic position in the Middle East
which obviously Israel isn't happy with
and it's going to have its own is that
what this is about in the end is this
really about Russia in the end that he's
basically telling Vladimir Putin work
I'm going to cede this to you
I mean Donald Trump yes well I can't
look inside Donald trama head but that's
that seems to be part of what's going on
but look the issue that the part of this
that I don't quite see clearly I think
Richard laid out three parts that seem
to be the right three parts one is
eastern Syria and you made your points
about eastern Syria and I think Trump
made a big mistake saying he was going
to take those 2,000 troops out of
eastern Syria so now they're going to
have to stay and and rebuild it on the
other end of the scale is the question
of regime change which I agree with you
seems improbable so you're in this
middle zone of what is it you exactly do
we can protect eastern Syria the way you
talked about but that guy
attack was in Greater Damascus and
against his own people and there been a
series of them since last April when
Trump sent those tomahawks and this is
not the first gas attack since last
April and so what an Admiral's for Vedas
talks very eloquently and and and I'm
not saying I'm saying that positively
about all the options we have I'm not
exactly sure what it is we're trying to
do in Greater Syria put aside eastern
Syria well parts an Assad still controls
at the end of the day though Admiral
it's not an all-or-nothing proposition
and and one of those people that were
sitting with the Iranians and the
Russians Berta want is somebody that
will have to sit down with him but we
could make this as Richard said we could
make this a NATO operation and actually
give er de one an opportunity to step in
and be part of the future of the region
or if he chooses not to we'll do it with
our own allies I have a feeling that if
he believes that those are the two
options that he faces he's going to have
to take part in the operation and if he
doesn't we'll bring our other allies in
Joe I think that's about right and and I
want to go back to the Balkans about 20
years ago that seems like such ancient
history to us now but there are some
lessons from how that conflict
ultimately was resolved and it did
include not only the use of military
force the heart power piece but
ultimately diplomacy and the soft power
piece the Dayton Accords you'll remember
those and we worked ultimately we worked
with Russia so that's the point I think
Steve Rattner is on which is the right
one what's the long-term strategic
outcome we're looking for here to go
back to Assad let's look at the Balkans
again
Milosevic a butcher initially he stayed
what finally happened to Milosevic she
died in a jail cell in the MiG
eventually that'll happen to Assad as
well but we're gonna have to work our
way from the inside out here that means
I think a military response a strategic
endgame a diplomatic plan that
ultimately can possibly even partition
Syria and Joe you're right Turkey is
absolutely a key to this and I concur
with you that ultimately Turkey
line up with NATO in an operation if
they get safeguards for their border and
I think we could provide that that's
longer-term let's get through the
initial steps here but for God's sake
let's have a long-term plan of where
we're trying to get clarity from the
president but Bolton does start today
Elise and he does have some clear views
on Russia well I wonder how hawkish John
Bolton is going to push Donald Trump to
be in this scenario I am worried sitting
around and all the options that are
being bandied about assume that Donald
Trump wants to show American leadership
everything that he's ever said about his
foreign policy and how he envisions
America's role in the world is retreat
and that is the fact of the matter when
we're discussing Donald Trump we can
talk about the post-war post-world War
two order we can talk about NATO we can
talk about international organizations
that is not his instinct his instinct is
not to become more involved in Syria all
right Admiral stay with us we have much
more to get to on this on this first day
of the John Bolton era a new column says
America is in a battle to defend
democracy and president Trump is on the
wrong side we're going to read from Fred
Hyatts piece in The Washington Post plus
more Republicans seem willing to look
the other way on Scott Pruitt's
controversy since he's following through
on the president's agenda we'll talk
about that precedent being set and
reports that staffers under Mick
Mulvaney are taking home pretty sweet
paychecks we're just getting started on
another very busy Monday morning you're
watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
