but I'm not only here to speak about
school shootings I'm here to speak for
the urban communities have been speaking
out about this way before
February 14 2018 their voices are just
as important as ours and they need to be
heard this is a very important subject
and it's it needs to change although
it's been 38 days since the partners
shooting nothing has changed and we need
change
now parkland survivor aleja Eastman is
continuing to lead that change with
other high school students from around
the country she's joining with New York
high school students who have formed
Youth over guns to combat gun violence
in urban communities and highlight the
loss of young lives they're planning an
anti-gun March for June 2nd that will
begin at Trump Tower making it the first
of its kind in New York history the
National walkout pretty much gave us the
courage and gave us the strength to say
hey enough is enough and joining me now
is alia Eastman a junior at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
and Ramon Contreras co-founder of youth
over guns thank you all for being here
you both for being here
Emily I'm gonna start with you you have
made this point over and over again that
it has to be about more than just school
shootings that we need to broaden out
this conversation why did you feel it
was important to come back to New York
where you have a lot of family and do
this particular kind of advocacy yes I
think it was important because I lost my
uncle to gun violence if it's 15 years
ago
so it's home this is my home so for it's
happened in Florida to me personally it
just needs to be addressed in all
spectrums yeah absolutely and we were
looking at some statistics before you
guys came out Ramon the United States
has the most mass shootings in the world
by far the US has had 90 mass shootings
between 1966 and 2012 the Philippines
the next largest is 18 Russia 15 Yemen
which has a full-fledged civil war going
on only has had 11 France at 10 we have
violence on a scale here that is unlike
any other country in terms of school
shootings we've had a total of 17 since
Parkland an average of 1.4 shootings a
week
and Americans own the most guns in the
world also by CNN Americans own nearly
half the estimated 650 million civilian
old guns in the world with that level of
violence already existing in this
country that level of gun ownership
already existing in the country how can
we how can we stop this cycle well first
of all one is just too many you know
that it's not okay that you know school
shootings are even happening we need to
come together the youth and those who
are fighting this issue especially in
committees of colors we've been fighting
this issues for years now we need to all
come together and not worry about the
headlines and worry about the solution
and make the change that we need and why
did you guys decide to launch your June
2nd Youth March from Trump Tower well
you know we need to stand as a symbol
you know we need to send a message to
Washington to the NRA and to President
Trump we needed some that this is not
okay
and no more schools can be shot up and
no more guns could be in our communities
it's not gonna blow over yeah we're not
gonna let this just go away if we're
gonna keep talking about it absolutely
you know in New York Alea is a is a is a
is a state that has really strict gun
laws and yet we still see it happening
here it happened to your uncle we still
see gun violence here if a state like
New York that really restricts gun
ownership can't stop this Union it seems
like you teenagers have all of these
solutions that we adults have not been
able to figure out in your view what
should be done to change this dynamic
just
common-sense gun control couldn't reform
like we don't know civilian needs a
rifle even handguns you know you have to
be mentally stable to own these weapons
and if you're going to own it you need
to own it for the right reasons yeah I
mean this is not a there it is a hunting
State outside of New York City but in
the city you know one of the other
issues on Ramon is that you have
neighboring States to places like New
York that have really loose gun laws and
people can bring them in are those the
kind of issues that you guys are talking
about yes
these guns are going into our
communities of color and when they come
into our communities there's a lot of
killings going on and we need to find a
way to stop those guns from coming into
our states yeah and there's been a focus
thanks really unto you Elaine other
students of color from Parkland who've
come forward and said hey wait a minute
we need to broaden this conversation is
the
doing a good job of getting that full
story out no yeah what can we do give us
some instruction what do we need to do
differently just you the media recycles
the same faces over and over and over
and there's over 3,000 students at
Stoneman Douglas yeah so there are so
many untold stories that haven't been
heard yet so just try and widen your
spectrum and listen to everyone not just
the same faces and not only different
faces Ramona but getting out of Florida
as well yeah so here you you've over
guns
our goal is Terry much bring awareness
to gun violence any use of color and
we're not looking for headlines we're
looking for solutions and when me and
Ally I want to do here in New York is
what she is co-chairing to March with me
and Caroline King we want to elevate the
voices that the voices that have been
ignored for decades in this fight for
gun control what other states is is
youth over guns operating in so we're
heading out to Baltimore in a few days
within the next couple of weeks actually
and we're gonna you know keep spreading
from there and trying to reach out to
the minis communions possible yeah and
Aleya how have you taken the time to
take care of yourself you have been on
the move yeah I met you weeks ago and
you were here in New York you're going
back and forth between New York and in
Florida have you taken any time because
you went through a really traumatic
experience yeah I haven't gotten the
necessary time yet but this is a good
distraction and I'm happy that I'm able
to fight for something that means so
much to me yeah well I had a chance to
meet your mom I'm sure she is so proud
of you you are really an incredible
advocate and but take some time yes at
some point okay well that's it that's my
last little advice because you guys are
the ones who should be giving us advice
you all are so smart
Aleya Eastman and Ramon Contreras thank
you and we will definitely be following
your march on the second thing all right
thank you much more after the break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
