hot Louie here at MSNBC headquarters in
New York City were breaking into our
regular programming to get you straight
to Trump Tower here in Manhattan Midtown
this is the residence of President Trump
when before he became president moved to
the White House we understand there's a
three alarm fire at Trump Tower one
seriously injured that is reportable at
the moment we do understand that the the
president is aware of it in fact he did
tweet this in reaction to this fire fire
at Trump Tower is out very confined
well-built building firemen and women
did a great job thank you and again a
three alarm fire we're just getting this
information again at a 6:46 evening hour
on a Saturday it's it's a cool evening
but as you can tell at the moment on the
right hand side of your screen you can
see some of the units that have been
deployed of this three alarm fire and
then at the lower end right below what
is the wording you can also see more of
the trucks that have been deployed here
it looks like we have a couple of
ladders that have now arrived and again
we were getting some information related
to this three alarm fire that there were
flames on the upper floors we're not
sure which floor exactly at this moment
because information is just coming in to
us here at MSNBC but again we're
breaking into regular programming at the
647 p.m. local time here in New York
City again the three alarm fire at Trump
Tower and this of is where President
Trump lived before he became president
and moved to the White House we run of
where and so what we understand right
now is that both the first lady Melania
Trump as well as son Baron not here at
the time they at this moment they're
actually in Washington DC that would be
another question that I think many would
be concerned about that the first lady
as well as the first son
might be back in DC but they excuse me
back in New York but they are in DC at
the moment we are hearing that the
flames on this upper floor was a
residential unit we do not know which
floor of this particular fire but we do
know that again the president is aware
of what happened as you saw in that
tweet that I shared with you it's a
three alarm fire with one person
seriously injured and this is what the
president said earlier fire at Trump
Towers out very confined well-built
building
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
