well once again tonight Brett Cavanaugh
has broken sharply with the tradition of
Supreme Court nominees and has decided
to make another public statement outside
of the Judiciary Committee hearing room
which is usually the only place that we
ever hear from a Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh his first break with
tradition was to go on the Rupert
Murdoch owned Fox News Channel to defend
himself against dr. Christine glossy
Ford's accusation that he sexually
assaulted her and tried to rape her with
his friend Marc judge while they were
all in high school it was a strange
performance on Fox News that raised more
questions than it answered and was the
first time that Brett Kavanaugh lied
about the drinking age in Maryland being
18 when he was an 18 year old senior in
high school tonight Brett Kavanagh has
taken to the op-ed page of the Rupert
Murdoch owned Wall Street Journal to
offer an explanation for his tone in
last week's Judiciary Committee hearing
which was criticized today in
unprecedented remarks by John Paul
Stevens one of America's four retired
justices of the Supreme Court who are
still with us justice Stevens's comments
about Brett Kavanaugh is complete
collapse of judicial temperament in that
hearing might have been the final
trigger that forced the White House
strategists to deliver Brett Cavanaugh's
op-ed piece to The Wall Street Journal
tonight let's listen to what retired
Justice Stevens said today in Florida
about what he saw in the hearing room
last week and this came today when
justice Stevens was speaking it came
right after a extended praise that he
offered for Brett Kavanaugh his years as
a federal appeals court judge in fact
justice Stevens was especially pleased
that Brett Kavanaugh approvingly cited
justice Stevens's dissent in the
Citizens United case in an opinion the
judge judge Cavanaugh wrote that justice
Stevens fully supports so after
describing his admiration for Judge
Cavanaugh's work and saying he is a fine
federal judge that's those were his
words a fine federal judge justice
Stevens then said this but I think that
his performance during the hearings
caused me to change my mind
I think there's several commentators
Larry tribe among them was a gal
constitutional professor at Harvard
however have written written pieces in
which they suggest that he has alienated
and he has demonstrated a potential bias
involving enough potential litigants
here before the court that he would not
be able to perform his full
responsibilities and I think there's
merit in that and that criticism and
that the senator should really pay
attention to it for the good of the
court it's not not healthy to get a new
justice that can only only that would do
a part-time job
john paul stevens was a lifetime
republican when he was appointed to the
Supreme Court by Republican President
Gerald Ford Republican Senator Jeff
Flake was also bothered by Brett
Kavanaugh as histrionics at the hearing
I was very troubled by the the tone of
the of the remarks that went on and the
interaction with the members was sharp
and partisan and that concerns me
and I tell myself you'd give a little
leeway because of what he's been through
but on the other hand we can't have this
on the court we simply can't and tonight
Brett Kavanaugh is promising that we
won't have this on the court writing in
The Wall Street Journal he is saying
that the person we saw in the judiciary
committee last week will not be the
person we see on the court Brett
Kavanaugh I wrote going forward you can
count on me to be the same kind of judge
and person I have been for my entire 28
year legal career hard-working
even-keeled open-minded independent and
dedicated to the Constitution and the
public good Brett Kavanaugh op-ed piece
arrived at the end of a day in which
North Dakota Democratic senator Heidi
Heitkamp announced that she was voting
against Brett Kavanaugh for two reasons
first she believes Christine Blasi Ford
and second she believes that Brett
Kavanaugh is tone and behavior in the
hearing room last week demonstrated that
he is not fit for the United States
Supreme Court we will have more about
senator heitkamp's decision later in
this hour Brett Kavanaugh did not
apologize for his conduct in the hearing
room last week instead he offered words
of explanation without an apology saying
I was very emotional last Thursday more
so than I have ever been I might have
been too emotional at times I know that
my tone was sharp and I said a few
things I should not have said I hope
everyone can understand that I was there
as a son husband and dad which leaves
open the question what are the things
that you should not have said one of the
most alarming things that Brett
Kavanaugh did say was actually in his
written opening statement it was
premeditated and it was when he plunged
to a right-wing rush limbaugh conspiracy
theory this whole two-week effort has
been a calculated and orchestrated
political hit fueled with a parent
pent-up anger about President Trump and
the 2016 election fear that has been
unfairly stoked about my judicial record
revenge on behalf of the Clintons and
millions of dollars in money from
outside left-wing opposition groups this
is a circus and as we all know in the
United States political system of the
early 2000s what goes around comes
around
and the man who wrote that the man who
announced very proudly that he
personally wrote that statement himself
word for word tonight has a piece
allegedly written by him in The Wall
Street Journal that says at times my
testimony both in my opening statement
and in response to questions reflected
my overwhelming frustration at being
wrongly accused my statement and answers
also reflected my deep distress at the
unfairness of how this allegation has
been handled and so the Trump White
House authorized a desperate last-minute
explanation for the conduct that justice
Stevens today found disqualifying for
the Supreme Court a court that he served
on for 34 years conduct that Jeff Flake
objected to but because this is the
Donald Trump White House of course there
is no apology in the op-ed piece Donald
Trump would not allow an apology and so
is this what Jeff Flake needs will this
work for Republican senator Susan
Collins or Lisa Murkowski a promise by
Brett Kavanaugh of who he will be as he
put it going forward we are supposed to
see that in a confirmation hearing who
this person will be going forward that's
what the hearing is for retired Justice
John Paul Stevens who is 98 years old
and is the
to people in the history of the court
who've served longer on the court than
John Paul Stevens John Paul Stevens has
been able to see every televised Supreme
Court confirmation hearing in history
and he has seen enough of Brett
Kavanaugh a judge who he once admired
and after seeing Brett Kavanaugh in that
hearing room last week justice Stevens
decided today to take his place in
history as the first former Supreme
Court justice to ever publicly oppose
the confirmation of a nominated Supreme
Court justice and justice Stevens said
that he was offering his opinion today
quote for the good of the court leading
off our discussion now Lisa graves
former chief counsel for nominations for
the Democrats in the Senate Judiciary
Committee and a former Deputy Assistant
Attorney General also Mimi Roker former
federal prosecutor she's an MSNBC legal
contributor and ambassador to Wendy
Sherman MSNBC Global Affairs contributor
about ambassador Sherman helped Anita
Hill make her way through the Senate
confirmation hearing process during the
Clarence Thomas confirmation she is the
author of the new book not for the faint
of heart lessons in Courage power and
persistence and Lisa I want to go to you
on this point of Justice Stevens today I
am not aware of any former Supreme Court
justice taking a public position in
opposition to the nomination of a
Supreme Court justice if it happened it
happened somewhere in a distant history
that I'm not aware of I'm not aware of
it either and I think justice Stevens
has talked about in his writings as a as
a judge and Beyond about the really
crucial role of the Supreme Court as an
impartial tribunal for the rule of law
in this country and for him to call out
judge Cavanaugh is really significant
and as you point out Lawrence the fact
is that these were his prepared remarks
these were premeditated these were
baseless really baseless charges a
partisanship that were intended to erase
the testimony of dr. Ford and to suggest
that his anger was some
how evidence of his innocence and he
also has made this sort of crocodile
tears claimed that he was constrained
and not speak clearly he can speak
whenever he wishes and he chooses to
speak almost entirely through right-wing
media outlets whether it's Fox News or
The Wall Street Journal that's how he
chooses to speak because that's who he
is and when he says that he's going to
be the man he's been for 28 years as a
lawyer 16 of those years were as a
right-wing political operative before he
became a judge what we saw last week was
the mask falling and him revealing who
he really is and in fact I think who he
would be on the court and that's a stain
on that court if he is confirmed
I wonder surely you've been through the
confirmation process as an
undersecretary of state you know that
demeanor is a huge component of what
you're doing in that room people have to
know that they're gonna feel confident
in trusting you in a role like
Undersecretary of state where you're
going to be and were in the negotiations
with Iran over their nuclear program
you're gonna have to be trusted with
secrets all sorts of things and and yes
competence knowledge but demeanor is
everything demeanor is everything I mean
how do you lose sight of that how can
the moment come in a confirmation
hearing where you lose your grip on what
you know they want to see indeed I think
that Kavanagh thinks that his righteous
indignation shows that he is innocent
and I think his righteous indignation
shows that he's trying to divide us and
then to say that Christine Blasi Ford is
something else than a real human being
and he's the person who has standing
it is quite frankly often a very male
approach to power that righteous
indignation and the president has tried
to use that to completely push us apart
we aren't apart we all care about our
sons we all care about our daughters but
what is so critical in what wasn't heard
in the time of Anita Hill and hasn't
been heard this time either I'm sorry to
say is the pain the suffering and what
and the humiliation the Christine Blasi
Ford has had to live with all of her
justice Stevens made an important
distinction between Clarence Thomas and
Brett Kavanaugh today let's listen to
that there's nothing that's Clara stood
in the hearings that disqualified him
first from sitting in cases after he
came on the court he's a very very
decent and likable person and you cannot
help but like Clarence Thomas which I
don't think necessarily would be true of
this particularly many we all remember
Clarence Thomas in the hearing we all
knew that he was angry and we also knew
that he was containing his anger to some
degree and if he if he felt falsely
accused the anger of course is
understandable but what he never did do
was raise any kind of political
reference to to any anything that the
Democrats were doing in that hearing
right and that's the difference that
justice Stevens was talking about and he
referenced I think professor tribe's
article that he had written about why he
believes Brett Kavanaugh you know is
sort of disqualified cannot sit properly
on the court now and it's because he was
so partisan that how can so there are so
many cases that will be before him that
have as their parties in the case a
political nature or political
affiliation
how could anyone who is not affiliated
now with a conservative bent or a
Republican the Republican Party think
that they're gonna get a fair shot in
front of him and the very definition of
a judge of justice is people actually
having a fair shot and actually
believing that right we need people to
have faith in our judicial institutions
and the only way to do that is if people
think that the judge is going to be
objective and look at the facts and not
rule from emotion and that's what Brett
Kavanaugh showed himself really
incapable of doing he's all emotion and
justified or not you can't do that as a
judge and Lisa it seems the op-ed piece
tonight it is almost a rushed answer to
justice Stevens today sir
they none of us saw this coming from
Justice Stevens this was actually a long
scheduled minor event in Florida kind of
a neighborhood event near where he lives
where he was scheduled to speak because
a friend invited him to but the person
interviewing him said it felt very
deliberate that justice Stevens wanted
right off the bat in that interview
which I watched and its entirety we
wanted to get out there and make this
statement and it seems the White House
realized there's got to be a response to
this it certainly does seem like a
scramble to get this out and to use Wall
Street Journal as a vehicle to do it and
also it's the case that Judge Cavanaugh
is facing virtually unprecedented
opposition by law professors from all
backgrounds right left and middle
because of his temperament because of
his behavior at the hearing last week
over a week ago and I think that what
you see now is a nominee who has in
essence besmirched himself through his
actions and that's even setting aside
the record of him lying under oath in
his previous hearings about other
serious matters and so by any objective
measure this nomination would be in
serious trouble unfortunately we're in
this time of tremendous partisanship
where people aren't being heard and even
witnesses aren't being interviewed by
the FBI as part of what should have been
a really thorough investigation and one
do you heidi heitkamp today senator
Heitkamp actually cited Brett Kavanaugh
as performance and conduct in the
hearing as part of her reason it's a
two-part reason one is she believes dr.
Ford but she said dr. Ford's credibility
was actually in her view enhanced by
Brett Cavanaugh's conduct so it's
actually a joined element and as the
White House lost a very important vote
today that included Brett Cavanaugh's
conduct as part of the reason this must
be why they've decided we really do have
to respond to it yeah it's really quite
extraordinary The Wall Street Journal
article this being raised by other
opinion leaders McConnell coming out as
hard as he possibly can in support of
Kavanagh really trying to say this is a
fait accompli but you're no Lawrence the
very fact they did this Wall Street
Journal article means they're nervous
that they're not sure they've got the
votes so we'll see what tomorrow brings
Lisa graves Mimi Roca Wendy Sherman
thank you for starting our discussion
tonight
today's profile encourage in the United
States Senate that's coming up a look at
senator heidi heitkamp decision to cast
a vote against Brett Kavanaugh which
could end her Senate career
that's how chancy that vote is and we'll
take a closer look at the FBI
investigation that wasn't really an
investigation it was literally the least
the FBI could do thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
