I think a lot of people don't realize
that you chose to come forward with your
concerns about Judge Cavanaugh before he
was nominated to the Supreme Court do I
understand correctly that when you when
you first reached out to congresswoman
su and to the Washington Post tip line
that was when he was on the shortlist
but before he was nominated to the
Supreme Court is that correct correct
and if I understood your testimony
earlier it's that you were motivated by
a sense of civic duty and and frankly I
hope that some other highly qualified
nominee might be picked not out of a
motivation at a late stage to have an
impact on the final decision correct I
thought it was very important to get the
information to you but I didn't know how
to do it while there was still a
shortlist of candidates
mr. president it was a week ago today
that members of the Senate Judiciary
Committee on which I serve were riveted
by the compelling and powerful testimony
of dr. Christine Blasi fourth it is a
week ago today that Judge Brett
Kavanaugh delivered his forceful
rejoinder and rebuttal this conversation
is bigger it's bigger it's more pressing
and I'd say it's more important than the
question of one Supreme Court seat in
one current nominee this is a question
about whether we as a country at the
highest levels of power believe victims
and survivors of sexual assault and are
willing to listen to them to believe
them and to take action I was today on
the floor of the Senate joining us now
is Democratic senator Chris Coons of
Delaware as a member of the Judiciary
Committee in the Senate senator Coons I
know this is an incredibly intense and
busy time thanks for being here Thank
You Rachael great to be on as we head
into this overnight and and tomorrow
morning with this first vote scheduled
at 10:30 a.m. Eastern what are you
expecting well I don't know what to
expect tomorrow I think that the cloture
vote hangs by a few undecided votes
there are I think at this point one
Democrat and three Republicans who
haven't publicly declared their
intentions for tomorrow
since the Senate is divided so closely
51 to 49 it may be a closed outcome but
frankly what I'm also hoping comes out
of this week out of this pause for an
FBI investigation is what I was speaking
about on the floor earlier today which
is the message to the thousands of
survivors of sexual assault who have
come forward to my office to many other
offices to tip lines across the country
or to speak to family or friends for the
first time and that we will enter a new
phase in our country in terms of our
willingness to hear and to respect and
to respond to allegations I know there's
been a lot of fighting this week about
whether the process was fair to judge
Cavanaugh whether the investigation was
serious in thorough and whether dr. Ford
and Debbie Ramirez had their allegations
thoroughly enough investigated and I
look forward to getting into that but as
a larger point I just wanted to say up
front Rachel that I've been stunned by
how many people people I've known for
decades or just years or who I've just
met have shared with me really powerful
stories of their own experience not
seeking something just wanting to be
heard and wanting to be valued and
wanting to share these private personal
painful burdens they've carried for so
long do you feel like the Senate did
right
particularly by dr. Ford but also by
Debra Ramirez and other people who came
forward specifically with stories to
tell they said about Brett Kavanaugh
obviously there's been a lot of
controversy today over what has been
described as the results of this FBI
expanded background investigation a lot
of public reporting that indicates that
people who those women in particular
said should be followed up with by the
FBI who could offer corroborating
information the FBI didn't want to hear
it was not open to hearing from those
corroborating witnesses we then had a
lot of Republican senators say
confidently well there was no
corroborating information in the FBI
report well first let's look at where we
were a week ago we were barreling ahead
with a likely confirmation vote for
judge Kavanaugh without my friend
Senator Jeff Flake stepping forward and
changing on the
worse of where we were headed judge
Cavanaugh would already be seated as
justice Cavanaugh for most of this week
so I do think something important was
accomplished by showing that we could
listen to each other and we could take a
timeout in order to have the FBI
question and then delivered to the
Senate some more facts around the core
allegations I am not satisfied with the
scope of who was questioned I expected
that there would be follow-on
Investigations questioning of
corroborating witnesses so that for
example if Debbie Ramirez was questioned
and at the end of her questioning she
said here's a dozen people who can offer
corroborating testimony I had expected
that those sorts of interviews would
take place I know people have contacted
my office many other Senate offices who
were trying to get to the FBI who were
offering to be interviewed and who were
not interviewed senator you mentioned
your friend Republican Senator Jeff
Flake there's obviously been such a hot
spotlight on him this week because of
the way that he's publicly wrestled with
this nomination and with issues of
the FBI investigation and the pace of
the nomination as you just described I
know that you've been in close contact
with him through at least some of this
process I don't want to ask you to
betray any confidences but can you tell
us anything about where he's at in his
process and what his ongoing concerns
may be or if he's made up his mind I
can't and it if I knew I wouldn't betray
his confidence I can simply say this
that he is someone who because of our
friendship and because of some of the
stories he had heard and because of the
testimony and because of the way he saw
the judiciary committee being torn apart
right in front of us he listened to his
conscience and took a lot of abuse from
folks in his own party for insisting on
this week pause and I think that was an
important contribution here but to be
clear about expectations Jeff's a
conservative he would like a
conservative justice on the Supreme
Court I'm not a conservative and I would
not like a conservative justice on the
Supreme Court we have different views of
Jay
prudence and different views of which
direction the court should go in its
future interpretation of the
Constitution but if I were to look at
this and imagine how he might be looking
at this questions that we'd be bringing
or I'd be bringing to the table wouldn't
be about ideology because the president
has lots of other credentialed
conservatives from whom he can choose I
would be looking at questions of
judicial temperament given the very
sharp and partisan screed that judge
Kavanagh unleashed on us on the
Judiciary Committee he was
understandably angry feeling he was
unjustly accused but there was a piece
of his argument to us that I think
across the line into partisanship former
justice former Republican and Justice
John Paul Stevens withdrew his support
from Cavanaugh today publicly because of
the partisanship he showed in that
defense and then second I'd be looking
at questions of truthfulness now whether
or not in testimony to the committee I'm
judge Cavanaugh shaded the truth or was
untruthful about a number of things you
know I frankly think when we get into
details about words in his yearbook and
what they meant we lose the average
American but when he made definitive
statements to a staff attorneys or to
the committee I did know this at this
point I didn't know it at that point
I've done this before I've never done
this before and there's evidence that
puts that into question then I think we
have to have a conversation about
truthfulness so to me fitness and
truthfulness sit on top of this
underlying body of evidence of sexual
assault allegations where after I
reviewed the evidence in front of the
committee today I still have unanswered
questions and as you say separate and
apart from any ideological consideration
I do just have one last question for you
senator before we let you go and that is
that there's been lots and lots of
rumors obviously it's a fast developing
news story tonight everybody every
reporter within smelling distance of the
beltway's is working everything they
possibly can to figure out what's going
to happen tomorrow is it your sense that
there may be any other Republican
senators who are seriously considering
wrestling with how they might vote or is
it your sense that senators Markowski
and Collins and flake are really the
only ones who are at all even open to
the possibility of voting no tomorrow I
have I have had a number of
conversations with friends and
colleagues just to sort of put forward
my views on what's happened and why I'm
comfortable voting against judge
Kavanagh tomorrow but I could not say in
any appropriate public way that they are
undecided about what to do tomorrow I do
know that there are members who had who
paused after dr. Ford's testimony which
was compelling and who wrestled with the
the apparent contradiction between judge
Kavanagh certainty that he did not
commit a sexual assault and dr. Ford's
compelling testimony that she was a
victim of sexual assault by judge
Kavanagh and there are colleagues who've
wrestled with how to reconcile that my
hope is that they look beyond just the
materials that were in front of us today
from the FBI but also consider some of
the folks who tried to testify to the
FBI but we're not able to and have now
had their reports and made public or who
are seeking to talk to senators frankly
in the end the FBI was not going to
produce a conclusion to us they were
just going to give us facts where the
decision-makers and senators I know
are wrestling with their vote tomorrow I
think it will be a very close vote
and I know it will be very closely
watched which is appropriate because we
look to the Supreme Court as the
guarantor of our constitutional
liberties in this country Democratic
Senator Chris Coons of Delaware showing
your well deserved reputation both for
comedy C om ity and and discretion and
your ability to cross the aisle and
dealing with your colleagues thank you
for helping us understand the state of
the state of play tonight senator really
appreciate it Thank You Rachel
all right we got much more to get to
tonight stay with us hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
