chief operating officer of facebook
Sandberg speaking out this morning to
NBC News she sat down with our colleague
Savannah Guthrie at the Today Show and
tried to explain why exactly it took the
company more than two years to address
the data breach by Cambridge analytic
and I want him before we go to it I want
to remind you it was not Facebook that
came forward
it was whistleblowers and journalists
that alerted the world to a problem that
is several years old listen let's talk
about Cambridge analytic oh this first
came to Facebook's attention in December
2015 that's two and a half years ago and
only now it's Facebook taking these
serious steps that you've announced this
week what is the reason it took so long
you you could have done all of this two
and a half years ago you were right that
we could have done this two and a half
years oh why didn't you because we
thought that the data had been deleted
and we should have checked you are right
about that what we're doing now we
thought it had been deleted because they
gave us assurances and it wasn't until
other people told us it wasn't true but
but why go on but you're already
violated you know in spirit if not in
the letter one of Facebook's principles
we had legal assurances from them that
they deleted what we didn't do was the
next step of an audit and we're trying
to do that now but many have asked why
Facebook didn't tell users their data
was taken since they found out back in
2015 we thought the data had been
deleted that's why but that doesn't mean
you don't tell the users hey this was
stolen from you yes you're right and we
should have done that we should have
done that as well because it feels like
Facebook was trying to get away with it
I don't think that's true but of course
you're right and we should have done it
so let's fast-forward to now I don't
really understand the sentence of course
that's true and I don't think you're
right because that really doesn't make a
lot of sense to me but what do I know
Brendan Dan Ron what's your reaction Dan
well listen they're gonna get browbeat I
mean Mark Zuckerberg is going in front
of Congress next week you know this is
they just have to grin and take it and
and that's it and you know there's been
a lot of debate whether Cheryl and
marker the right people for the jobs and
and let's be frank this is a behemoth
this is a company that's going to do 60
billion dollars in sales over the next
year's
something like that there's no turning
this ship at this point you know so
these are the right people to run it
they have to just really kind of have
this moment where they have to grin and
bear it
but ultimately but if it's going to take
years to get out from under this which
mark says why not shut it down until
then well you've got two billion users
on Facebook that would be you know to
the extent that you know people use it
for a variety of different things one is
communicating with family and friends
and even during times of turmoil in
certain parts of the country you want to
mark yourself safe or what have you
shutting it down it would first of all
kill their business you simply can't but
you can't take any large business and
shut it down a period of time best
business practices and safety comes
first certainly I think what's happening
to Facebook right now has been happening
for a while all over Silicon Valley
which is yes they genuinely bought their
own line that they were a movement not a
company they didn't think that they were
Washington of course right they exist
absolutely I saw Sheryl Sandberg give a
speech at the Naval Academy four years
ago it was Peak Sandberg right yeah
right exactly The New Yorker was there
they were doing a profile on her right
and she exuded this confidence of
someone who wasn't just an executive but
was a movement leader and right what
they're finding out is they got to do
all the boring stupid stuff the
company's got to do they got to pay they
got to protect people's data they got to
go to Washington and so that cultural
shift is fascinating to watch and a
little annoying because Mark Zuckerberg
always says when you know we can't
possibly vet truth because we can't do
it at scale well yeah but you don't have
a right to scale right if if you being
its scale means you don't pay for people
to help you figure out the truth that
there's no constitutional right to scale
scale is just a different way of saying
we're not going to pay for some stuff
like fat checkers and they've failed
horribly at some of the basic blocking
and tackling in this business which is
maybe to trust someone who has use your
data but also verify the fact that
they've deleted it it's do we hold no
culpability we don't list ours and put
all of our stuff out there and we pay
nothing for it do we really think that
Facebook was just a community service
for me to look up my ex boyfriends so
what'd you do totally
yeah listen you know we're talking about
the things that they actually monetize
you know they have a prior data whatsapp
that I paid 19 billion dollars for that
they don't charge for that they've never
actually so there's they have so many
levers to pull you know they paid a
billion dollars for Instagram some
people think it's worth 50 billion
inside of that sort of thing listen this
is gonna pass they're gonna they're
gonna have to move towards some sort of
self regulation there's no shutdown okay
then there's gonna be some sort of
regulation as a utility when you're
talking about a platform that has two
billion monthly active users there's
gonna be some regulation and they're
gonna get by this I'm not talking about
the stock or this is that I would ever
shell Sandberg and Mark Zuckerberg Ernie
in these seats two years from now and
they're gonna be running a company that
better suited in serving their two
billion users that it was two years ago
all right we got to leave it there
gentlemen hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
