have to have you all on board so so
Peter let's do a wellness check on the
way no we're not allowed to do that it's
an appropriate mental health I'm not
talking about mental health I think we
should you know but just a wellness
check okay the it seems that for a
president who is prone to lying the pace
of the lies has has accelerated over the
past week every day there's something
else whether it's Amazon whether it's
the post office whether you mean you
just go day by day by day and yesterday
he came out he lied about once again
rapes that levels never seen before
with with apologies that Genghis Khan
and his swarms of invaders and then of
course he once again lies about the
millions of illegal votes which of
course the source of that and I remember
him telling me in real-time
he had a golfer friend in Florida who
supposedly said hey there were people
voting illegally nobody checked they
went back and checked with the Gulf or
who I said wait that wasn't even true
that's an scavino
was he golfing with Dan again no Dan
dances caddy so wasn't he you Scotty
I believe fact Dan was his caddy but it
wasn't Dan flood stuff it wasn't Dan
that that said that it was some some
professional golfer that Donald Trump
said allegedly said it and from that
suddenly there were millions and
millions of illegal votes why what's
going on in the burning two themes we've
seen at the beginning of his presidency
what most animating force of his
presidency of course has been
immigration the the notion of the
illegal votes is something he started
from the very start from the
inauguration day on basically making
this unfound he was gonna put he was
gonna put a commission together the
Commission then went away yeah because
it back
isn't any evidence that nobody knows
people voted illegally so he lies about
it after he loses to Hillary Clinton the
popular vote by almost 3 million votes
says he's gonna put a commission
together was saying that to us the first
week use in the White House's Commission
is going to show X Y Z the Commission
blows apart it's a lie and yet he
returns to the life why what's going to
look look at what we have right now
we're in April of his second year and
basically there is no legislative agenda
for the rest of the year right there tax
cuts last year but that's pretty much it
there's nothing on the plate right now
no infrastructure a bill of any
consequence anything that's gonna go
anywhere there's no other effort for him
to be pushing so what is he done he's
returning to core theme the core theme
being immigration be afraid they're
coming over the border they're coming
together give me although one second
yeah hey Alex
yep yeah Alex mmm instead of Trump makes
bizarre false claims can you say Trump
lies and then just put in parentheses
again close parentheses about illegal
voting you're my overstepping my bounds
no you're not I would never do that
everybody headlines power I just thought
that was I thought that was a little -
I'd like to be able to call in and
dictate some headline who's the best i
alex is the best and the team but we
have the proper lower thirds so now go
ahead and know i think i think we're
returning to themes that animated his
base that animated his own political
career from the very start because we
didn't we don't have a lot of other
things to talk about right now right he
doesn't have an agenda for the hill he
doesn't really have beyond this north
korea summit coming up he doesn't have a
foreign policy agenda that he's pursuing
right now so we're returning themes that
get people behind him why you know he
spent last weekend was to even millard
down at mar-a-lago obviously they must
have talked about some of these ideas
because that's when the LAT the last the
latest a flurry of these kind of tweets
and comments have started what's
happening on the russia pro people
wondering does this mean he knows
something is coming up and he's got
himself annotated and wants to kind of
lash out this is an easy way to do it we
don't know so Shannon kind of feeding
into the axis narrative it would be that
lies bluffing and chaos is what's
fueling this presidency especially if
you just look at the past five days
alone it's been staggering
well this Mexican theme to kind of stick
with this point I remember talking to
people who worked on the campaign
obviously that was a huge moment in the
campaign and many people said whoa whoa
whoa you went too far don't go there and
Trump's instincts were the exact
opposite of everyone else in politics he
doubled down on it he did not back down
he did not apologize he went at it
because his the people around to run his
campaign said he saw the enthusiasm that
lit under his supporters that that was
the moment that got him on the national
stage and coming back to that I think is
indicative of this idea of my instincts
are right and everyone else is wrong
this worked for me once it's going to
work for me again in 2018 the Republican
establishment desperately wants to talk
about taxes around 2018 and I know
nothing sexier than taxes of course you
know so why not but they would finally
got a win on something they just want to
talk about taxes in 2018 and this idea
of moving into immigration there's talk
of entitlements and we kept making that
become an issue it's really their worst
nightmare for the establishment
Republican again going back lying again
about something that he couldn't prove
with a commission I just again lying
again about Mexicans raping at levels
never seen before this Caravan I don't
again I don't understand why Republicans
can't stand out he is speak truth to
power
you can't corrupt the populist
nationalist and he wants to keep the
fire burning this this is his politics
and the minute things calm down and get
into normal space and as Peter says you
begin saying well what's your agenda for
the that's terrain on which Donald Trump
doesn't really have much to say he is
trying to keep this new movement going
and he keeps trying to feed it with with
things like that this claim that we're
centric crisis we gotta send troops to
the border what's you talk well it does
does it work michael steele he wants to
keep this movement going is it working
it is it is that there has been no
peeling off from that base he's sitting
in the low and high 70s low 80s in terms
of ground support by Republicans across
the country that's why the the House and
Senate leadership are frozen in their
steps and not coming out and speaking
out on tariffs and other things and
that's why Donald Trump feels that he
can effectively double down you know for
his MO is very clear throw the bright
shining object up in the air watch
everyone chase it into a rabbit hole and
then he moves on to the next thing and
that works for him right now the real
question I think still stands out there
Mika come November the day after that
election that Wednesday morning and they
wake up with Nancy Pelosi taking that
gavel in the house
oh and in in any shrinkage in the Senate
what does he do then
I bet you even in that instance Donald
Trump really doesn't care about the the
political opponents on the other side he
doesn't care for his Republican or a
Democrat he will continue to play this
game so Republicans out there right now
thinking the president's going to be
their life their lifeline their savior
to help them keep the house that's not
his interest
that's not his interest so it's gonna be
every man and woman for himself by the
time you get to late July early August
and into the fall and in the end Peter
this just doesn't work it would be like
somebody running for mayor in New York
City right now against crime rates when
crime rates were at 50-year lows running
against illegal immigration against
people crossing the border when border
crossings are near a bit but 50-year low
right Donald Trump is actually fighting
a war that has largely been won well
he's trying to have it both ways right
on the one hand he's claiming credit for
having all these border crossings coat
down that's because of his tough
rhetoric he says and that's
reasonable argument to make as a
politician right I've managed to secure
the border because people know they
can't come here anymore I've made clear
they will be punished or sent back if
they do at the same time then he's
trying to critic abs for crisis oh my
gosh the caravan is coming right now we
must send troops right now it's not
unique to send troops president george w
bush troops and National Guard so did
Barack Obama but in the moments of
crisis when there was in fact a flow
coming over right now it hasn't been
that little spike in March no question
but that's a seasonal thing so it is you
know a mystery to some extent why he
would suddenly need to send the troops
now given that things have been lower
he's it's a salesman problem is he sells
things that he doesn't do the president
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
