day 441 of the Trump administration and
president Trump has broken his silence
on pornstar stormy Daniels on his way
back from West Virginia the president
denied knowing about the one hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment his
attorney Michael Cohen made to Daniel's
just days before the 2016 election
the president did not answer that last
question about whether he ever set up a
fund from which Cohen could draw in just
a moment we'll talk to Catherine Lucia
The Associated Press who asked those
first two questions of the president
stormy Daniels has said the payment was
hush money to keep her silent about an
alleged sexual affair with Trump in 2006
as we've reported Daniels is now suing
President Trump to invalidate a
nondisclosure agreement on the grounds
that the president never signed it the
White House has repeatedly denied that
president Trump had an affair with
Daniels Michael Cohen has said the
payment came from his own personal funds
and not the Trump campaign or the Trump
Organization Cohen's attorney commented
on the president's remarks tonight
saying quote this is an accurate
assessment of the facts this is exactly
what I've been saying all along Michael
Cohen made the payment to protect
reputation family and businesses it had
nothing to do with the election
meanwhile here's what stormy Daniels
attorney Michael avenatti told lawrence
O'Donnell about the president's remarks
we think this is basically game over as
a relates to our claim we've heard
Lawrence for the better part of a month
now that this was a rock-solid airtight
agreement you've got David Schwartz out
there talking about what an excellent
lawyer Michael Cohen is and how this was
a model this was a model NDA it's it's a
lot of things but there's no way in hell
it's a model in da this thing is a piece
of trash in reality and everybody knows
it and any legal analyst that looks at
it will tell you the same thing who's
not biased but that's what we've been
hearing and now what we have is we have
a principle party to the agreement who
admits on camera that supposedly he
didn't know anything about a principle
term of the agreement well that means he
didn't know anything about the agreement
which means there is no agreement so all
of this chest-pounding and these threats
about how they were going to bury my
client and they were going to seek 20
million dollars and they were going to
go on an extended vacation with the
money and all it's all of this other
buffoonery that we've heard for the last
few weeks that all goes out the window
let's bring in tonight's leadoff panel
Phil Rucker white house bureau chief for
the Washington Post and an MSNBC
political analyst the aforementioned
catherine Lucey White House reporter for
The Associated Press who asked some
questions aboard Air Force One and
Barbara McQuade former US Attorney for
the Eastern District of Michigan let me
start with you Catherine since you put
those questions to the president I'm not
sure when you were growing up you
thought you would come to the day or you
asked the leader of the free world about
an alleged affair with a porn star but
talk to us about that exchange and and
the revelations from the president's
responses yes thanks Nicole great to be
here yes well we had the president come
talk to reporters on Air Force One today
sometimes he does come back and visit
with reporters talk a little but the
events or what's going on that day he
wanted obviously to chat after his event
on taxes in West Virginia but the
situation story Daniels is something
that he has not spoken about previously
and so that was one of the things that I
wanted to put to him and so we as you
said I asked about the one hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment did he
know about it
he pretty flatly said no so the
significance of that Barbara seems to be
according to mr. avenatti stormy Daniels
lawyer who says our case just got that
much better we very much look forward to
testing the truthfulness of mr. Trump's
feigned lack of knowledge concerning the
130,000 dollars as he stated on Air
Force One what is the significance of
Donald Trump alleging or claiming that
he had no idea about the agreement in
terms of the case avenatti is making to
invalidate the NDA well this is a great
example of why lawyers tell their
clients not to speak publicly about
matters in litigation because this
statement can be used as an admission by
President Trump that if he didn't know
about the agreement and he is one of the
principal parties to the agreement then
that feeds right into stormy Daniels
theory that this agreement is null and
void you can't enter into a contract you
don't know about and so that's their
whole goal is to invalidate the contract
so that she can sell her story free of
any legal consequences so I think he
very badly damaged any argument that
this is an enforceable contract so
you're our straight shooter on all legal
questions here this
seems like a very bad day legally for
the president on at least one front and
later in the program we'll get to the
Muller probe but on the stormy Daniels
front is this a clear setback for the
president's lawyers representing him in
the stormy Daniels affair well I think
it could be because not only does it
affect the enforceability of the
contract but it also suggests that
Michael Cohen may have done some things
that are unethical
it is a lawyer's duty to keep a client
reasonably apprised of all matters it is
AG lawyers duty to discuss settlements
with their clients and not to enter into
settlements unless they're so authorized
by their client and so these statements
could also get Michael Cohen into some
ethical trouble with the State Bar of
New York so record in the good old days
when white houses and campaigns had
messages of the day you wouldn't have
made unethical actions the message but
if you look at the day in total between
scott pruett antics between barbers
assessment of michael Cohen's conduct as
a lawyer unethical seems seems to be a
pretty good way to wrap up the day what
story what part of this story do you
think works the president the most it's
probably a few things I think he's
feeling a lot of personal pressure
because of this affair because it
happened right around the time that
Melania his his new wife had given birth
to their son Barron this is clearly
something that we know just from our
reporting that has bothered the
president for a while they had an affair
just more his wife had a baby or that we
know that he had that we know about it
that the public knows about it that
stormy Daniels is telling her story and
that we're talking about it and frankly
the president has not given satisfactory
answers this is the first time really
and I'm in more than a year that he's
addressed this issue directly and as you
saw in the tape there from Air Force One
he's not answered all the questions he's
his spokespeople have denied stormy
Daniels's account of events but Trump
himself has not addressed the American
people at all about what happened what
didn't happen what is she saying that's
true what is she saying that's not true
and we still don't have answers to those
questions
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over
this list to see lots of other great
videos
