gun control marches across America are
still reverberating 1 million people in
Washington across the nation even more
and marches around the world this whole
push of course starting with students
some say this is going to be memorable
for the ages there's really a handful of
marches that you remember that our town
remembers the civil rights marches of
the sixties the abortion rights marches
for the 80s and 90s Tea Party Million
Man March I think about those things
this is right up there rare is the
development in today's politics that
could get anywhere near Abraham
Lincoln's famous tribute to a world
remembering not what is said but what is
done and the world remembers what was
done in the Vietnam protests maybe not
the words to every speech or every song
but people remember Americans fighting
that draft we remember the shift we
remember students not only taking on
Congress but a sitting Democratic
president you know the establishment
didn't think LBJ was vulnerable let
alone that that consummate politician
would abandon his re-election quest from
inside the White House it was young
people who pushed that seeming
impossibility into reality that kind of
change does not have to be organized
around outrage either Barack Obama has
publicly mused on how older voters were
initially skeptical of him but young
people stepped up I was never the
likeliest candidate for this office
it grew strength from the young people
who rejected the myth of their
generations apathy this is your victory
I'm joined now by Tony Schwartz he is of
course the co-author of the art of the
deal but he's also the author of the way
we work isn't working and he runs
something called the energy project that
digs into many of these issues let's
start with how young people in this new
gun movement are doing something that we
do remember from the civil rights and
Vietnam era
well I remember being inside a building
at our mutual alma mater University of
Michigan taking over that building in
1970 so I have a very vivid memory of
that and of all those marches and I
think that what what's transformational
II changed the experience compared to
that one at that time is
the blend of the digital world and how
it is a microphone and a and a screen to
the world so these are folks who are
incredibly digitally sophisticated at 16
and we have the emotions of this
particular thing Vietnam was kind of a
little abstract and thousands of miles
away this is my future my safety my life
it's in Eau Claire McCaskill said she
was feeling pressure from people to
endorse Hillary in the first 2008
primary a fellow woman senator and then
she she famously said at the urging of
her 18 year old daughter she couldn't
sit in the bleachers anymore felt like
she needed to get on the field fighting
for what I think is so important for our
country and I would note that was
January 2008 when Barack Obama was still
basically the underdog what do you think
about that a senator someone who lives
as a political leader acknowledging it
was it was her daughter that moved her I
think the young Cho inherit the earth I
mean I think Here I am I'm a grandfather
I can feel it
I can feel it coming I can feel it
reverberating in my kids already and I
think the lack of cynicism of young kids
the rawness and the degree to which
they're hooked into this digital culture
I mean you've got basically you've got a
digital world against an analog world
what do you say is someone who I've
learned is a pretty deep thinker to the
fair logical critique that there is a
policy and progressive embrace of the
youth as spokespersons as if it can't be
replicated when certainly it can well
are you asking is there another point of
view of among young people I mean is
that your question
it exists I'm saying of course it does
the prop is there a concern about the
movement attaching so strongly to those
young people who were moving on the
stage that they can become a kind of
prop of course that's a risk but you
know what it isn't only young people
it's a kind of extended tribe now it's
women in me too it's inner-city you know
black and Hispanics
it's all kinds of people it's all of
those people who voted for Bernie in the
primary you know two years ago so there
is a new group that's emerging that it's
coming from many different angles and
that I believe is as I said earlier an
evolutionary force and are they
Democrats or liberals or it doesn't
matter well kids under 30 for example
vote voted for Hillary by margin of
seventeen percent and Hillary was not a
strong candidate and yeah and that's far
better than than she did with any other
demographic and so or any other age
demographic so I do believe that if you
think of this as evolutionary and you
think of evolution that's seeing more
having a prospective re that's wider
deeper and longer that is a progressive
view that is a more if you want to call
it liberal that's a kind of a dirty word
in some places but progressive it does
seem to me that it's the case I only
want to put a word on it because you
think very deeply about the underlying
issues here and it's my job as a
television presenter to simplify it to
the point of useless I appreciate it
Tony I really appreciate you coming by
heads off there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
