now to break down a key talking point
from molars critics demolished when Bob
Miller first brought those charges
against Paul mana for last fall there
was a big attack you may have heard from
the right wing that Muller had
overstepped his authority because the
charges didn't look like they were
directly about Russia or collusion this
indictment has nothing let me repeat
nothing to do with Trump Russia
collusion zip zero nada
this is a sad showing it seems to me on
the part of the Special Counsel there
does not appear in the case of men
affording gates
appear to be any connection to to Russia
collusion metaphor to engage engaged in
alleged wrongdoing that have nothing
whatsoever to do with Trump or Russia or
collusion that was the big claim nothing
to do with collusion and thus Muller was
overstepping his DOJ authority now we
learned this is not a matter of opinion
because at the time those critics were
saying that Bob Miller's boss Trump
appointee Rod Rosenstein had already
privately authorized Muller in writing
to pursue those very manna for charges
in the context of quote colluding with
Russian government officials and charges
against Manta force for committing
crimes arising from those Ukrainian
payments and there's more rosin sign
writing about other powers he gave
Muller
now that is blacked out what you see on
the screen so we don't know where that
trail leads and we're only learning
about all of this right now because Paul
manna forts lawyers filed a legal attack
on molars authority that backfired
leading to this news as Rachel Maddow
reported in the middle of the night we
got a new court filing from molars
prosecutors we learn from this new court
filing that there was also subsequent to
that public statement establishing the
Moller investigation there was also
another bit of instruction August 2nd
last year another basically sheet of
instructions from Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein to Bob Miller's
office explaining to him confirming and
writing a whole list of specific stuff
that Muller was cleared to look into as
part of his investigation Bob Miller's
office doesn't leak much but if you turn
right wing
talking points into a court filing as
Matt affords lawyers did you can end up
playing yourself because it turns out
not all talking points hold up and Rosen
signs clear support for molars authority
may explain why for some now on the
right it is Rosen side who they see as
the new Muller in the sense that he's
someone at DOJ they want to get rid of
rod Rosenstein needs to be fired let's
say this first of all about Rosen rod
Rosenstein his conduct from the
beginning of this has been a disgrace
legally and every other way he is an
embarrassment to the administration rod
Rosen Stein is a coward he's a disgrace
to the Department of Justice that was
last night and that man you saw there
speaking as a fox pundit who became
Donald Trump's criminal defense attorney
for Russia for six days Manta forts
setback is a reminder of something that
even President Trump may be slowly
learning there is a big difference
between court and Court TV
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
