forty-four Republicans are giving up
their seats in 2018 creating an opening
for Democrats who need to pick up 24
seats to win a majority in the House of
Representatives since World War two the
president's party has lost an average of
29 seats in his first midterm election
and when that president's job approval
rating has fallen below 50% his party
has lost an average of 44 seats when the
latest NBC news/wall Street Journal poll
50% of registered voters say they prefer
a Democratic Congress while 40% won a
Republican Congress Democrats probably
need to be ahead by at least 10 points
in order to win the house will 2018
follow story trends or could it be a
monsoon of democratic voters like it was
in 2010 the other way when Republicans
won 63 seats
let's bring in tonight's hardball
roundtable Lena Schneider campaign
reporter for Politico Donna Edwards
former Democratic congressman from
Maryland and radio host Chris burski
Kirk he's the editor and publisher of
American greatness I want to put you all
on the line right now make your
prediction right now how many Democratic
seats will the Democrats pick up in this
November election Elena
give me an estimate we're still 7 months
out but I would say that it's it's
likely to very possible that Democrats
are going to flip the house so more than
how many how many when they pick up they
need 24 how many think you're old again
more than 24 24 plus Donna I'm in the 35
to 40 range I think this is going to be
not just a wave it's gonna be a tsunami
and Chris 12 in the house and
Republicans pick up three in the Senate
okay let's go to you Chris why do you
think it'll be such a short advantage
for the Democrats when there's so many
open Republican seats now 44 either
retired or running for something else
creating vacancies and therefore an
opportunity the fact that the pattern
has been when the president's under 50
and he's still under 50 in most polls
they pick up about 40 what why do you
think it's only 12 or say it's only 12
what do you say it's only what it's it's
really structural because it's twofold
one is I think Republicans have a good
story to tell people are working the
economy's growing wages are rising
that's a good story to tell the other
part structurally though is that if you
look at these districts themselves when
you start to drill down and they have
Republican advantages in just in the
terms of registration that's hard to
that's hard to beat when
you look at these aggregate numbers of
the whole country okay that tells you
one thing but doesn't tell you what
happens in the district itself Donna
that was the sunny side of the street
would you please give me an alternative
view of how things look I mean they're
only gonna lose 12 would be a shocker
rue if the Republicans got off that easy
your thoughts because they don't have
the house look I think you have only to
look at the races in Virginia that
Pennsylvania to Wisconsin and on down
the line in these special elections
where you've seen Democrats outperform
Republicans in Republican health
districts and States and I think that
that is just a bellwether for what's
going to happen in November look
Democrats are running in targeting 70
seats held by Republicans and there are
thousands of candidates running up and
down the ballot which is fueling the
energy in the party and I think this is
going to be a very bad look for
Republicans look they can't run with
Donald Trump and they can't run without
him that spells disaster for them in
November Elena who's got the most
enthusiasm the little numbers up look
that suggests the Democrats have the
edge and enthused a won an election this
year they want to vote against Trump
that I think you're absolutely right we
keep seeing in special election after
special election the Democrats are
energized and they want to vote take
Pennsylvania the special election there
this is a place that that Trump won by
20 points and a Democrat was able to
flip that seat in part because Democrats
in the suburbs really showed up for him
in Wisconsin this week we saw that as
well
Democrats are excited to vote and that's
not a surprise in Amite you know in a
first term midterm year in which the
opposite party is in power let me go let
me go to Chris on this sub I read that
great interview between Frank Bruni of
the New York Times and Ann Coulter this
week where she whacked the Trump for not
being tough on the building the wall
across the Mexican border
is there a dis disease this is on the
hard right against this president the
Trump base yeah I mean there's an issue
there this is and I think puts her puts
her finger on the pulse there which is
to say that if the president is a is not
able to appease his beast his base
meaning just fulfill some of your
promises it doesn't have to be all of
them but at least some of them
particularly the big ones then if you
undermine the confidence your own bases
and you yeah
then I think you start to look at the
numbers that everybody else is talking
about 20 or 30 losses if Pro if Trump
can shore up his base then I think he
can do a lot better in the midterms well
I guess that's the question I want to go
back to Lena and trying to figure this
out what is the Republican base are they
hawkish are dovish
Trump ran is a guy against stupid Wars
and yet I get the sense there's still a
lot of Cold War thinking in the
Republican Party that loves to go to war
with Russia
loves to get active in the Middle East
very pro-israeli almost to the right on
those issues and are they Trump and what
is the Republican base let's just say
foreign policy is that Hawke is your
dovish I think the Trump base is what
Trump promised them which was to put
America first is to focus on their
issues to protect them on the you know
in the global marketplace to renegotiate
we're still in Afghanistan we're still
in Iraq right absolutely and I think at
this point it's not clear whether or not
that's going to be motivating people or
demotivating people donor let me ask you
about the Democratic base you know it
well you're out there campaigning for
County Executive in Prince George's
County and Maryland tell me about the
women for example do you find it easier
to get people not just to contribute
money but to get out there and work on
Saturdays and saying going around and
canvassing our people ready to go now or
is this too early I think they are and I
think what you've seen is actually the
movement among women who are fleeing
Donald Trump for a lot of reasons for
his personal character but also because
we know that he also doesn't have any
ideology at all and so you see women
fleeing and I think that's what you saw
in the Conor lamb race and in
Pennsylvania it's what you've seen in
these special elections it's what you've
seen in those races all through through
Virginia and frankly you saw it in
Alabama in that special election as well
for for the US Senate so I mean I really
see that women are going to be the
deciders in this election and those are
the same people who moved to Donald
Trump and they're gonna move back to
Democrats in every single district hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
