joining me now is California Democratic
Congressman John Garamendi who's a
member of the House Armed Services
Committee congressman thank you so much
for being here
good to be with you what do you think is
it a good idea to send the troops to the
border given the Trump administration
showing numbers where illegal crossings
are on an uptick this month well it
would be nice to have a plan I think of
the principle of the five piece prior
planning prevents poor performance
there is no plan Trump woke up Sunday
morning notice Monday morning decided
that there was this huge crisis there
was an invasion coming from the south
and we needed to meet that invasion with
the military well he discovered that the
military couldn't do it but maybe he
could order up the National Guard and so
oh my we're gonna send the National
Guard to the border all well and good
all of us want to have strong border we
want safe borders we don't want drugs we
don't want to illegals crossing the
border that's all good but how can you
do it wisely is there a role for the
National Guard well there already is
California has had 55 National Guardsmen
working every day on the southern border
between San Diego and Tijuana and over
in Mexicali now providing a variety of
services you know looking at
intelligence coordinating the
information flows doing some
construction all to the good can we send
more well we certainly could in
California if the federal governments
will need to pay for it we haven't heard
anything about that yet but if we want
us if the president wants us California
to send more troops then show us the
money because it's very very expensive
to do this kind of work I suspect Texas
Arizona New Mexico feel the same way and
we'll see what happens here but beyond
that the facts indicate that there is
not a tsunami rolling over the southern
border nor is the the drug issue only on
the land the Coast Guard confiscated
more than two hundred tons of drugs last
year 220 tons were confiscated on the
land border so where's the real problem
here maybe the problem
is more on the water maybe we ought to
put money into that and I would suggest
that's a good idea any case the bottom
line of this is prior planning there is
no such thing in the Trump
administration let's talk about numbers
Customs and Border Protection just put
out new figures showing a 37 percent
increase in illegal border crossings in
March compared to February and a two
hundred and three percent increase in
March from March 2017
that being said there's usually a spike
in the springtime and if you look at
past numbers they always start to go
down in June on the whole border
crossings are at historic lows the
president even tweeted about it this
morning he said it was still
unacceptable but he admitted that there
at historic lows does that necessitate
sending the Border Patrol to the border
right now well the National Guard not
the porter Patrol well either way let's
start at the beginning start with the
facts
I know these are totally unimportant to
the Trump administration they could care
less about the facts about anything
including what's going on in Syria but
the reality is the facts would indicate
that there is much much better border
control month to month year to year than
there has been in the past and in fact
this morning Trump said it is a 46 year
low last year 2017 and frankly 2018 is
tracking pretty much along like 2017 a
46 year low we don't have a monumental
problem here we have a problem
we can deal with it keep in mind excuse
me but we added 1.6 billion dollars to
the budget for the border control that's
money that Trump hasn't yet figured out
how to spend about 500 new border
patrolmen all of that's there for him if
he wants to send the National Guard find
show the money to the states make sure
they're doing something useful not just
a political thing and one more thing if
I might just take some time isn't it
interesting that it was 2006
that george w bush sent the national
guard to the border it was 2010 that
barack obama sent the national guard to
the border and guess what
it's 2018 what's similar these are
contentious midterm elections in which
the president is likely to lose seats so
what do they do send the troops so
you're saying this is political more
than anything else I want to get you on
one more topic before we run out of time
President Trump and GOP leaders in
Congress have indicated that they might
try to eliminate some funding increases
in the omnibus package that was passed
the other day you voted for that omnibus
package if they do that if they
eliminate some of the items in there
what is that gonna mean for bipartisan
legislation going forward will Democrats
be able to trust Republicans when they
decide and agree on a compromise for a
bill that gets sent to the president and
actually signed by the president well
first of all it's pretty clear through
various court cases over the time that
the president's task is to carry out the
full faith of the laws that have been
passed and if the laws require the
President to do one thing or another and
provide the money for it it is his job
to do that and presidents have been sued
in the past for failing to carry out the
Congressional laws including the
Appropriations can they do it yes can
they stall yes none of that is proper or
or constitutionally correct but it has
been done in the past and I wouldn't put
anything past this administration let me
just give you one example of that the
State Department had 120 million dollars
to push back on Russia not one nickel
was spent by Telus an two hundred
million dollars was set aside for
reconstruction in Syria the president
has pushed that aside and refuses to
spend that money yet he's wants to turn
Syria over to Russia Iran and Turkey and
in fact those three countries had a
meeting just yesterday in Ankara and
guess who was not invited
Trump and the American administration so
you want to see Iran not only operating
in Iraq but also in Syria
that's precisely what President Trump is
going with his non-program no strategy
for Syria Congressman John Garamendi
congressman thank you very much for
joining us thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
