if he's not able to get that
accomplished does he look risk looking
like somebody who is ineffective well
yes and I think I think the larger the
larger issue is what you were saying
before Katie he was that he talks a lot
and today he was really talking right in
his comfort zone he was down in West
Virginia he's more popular there and
than in any other state he was talking
about coal he was talking about
immigration you say about women getting
raped on the border like you've never
seen before he was talking about voter
fraud in California I mean the vast
majority of this stuff is made up and
yet it's a reality that he lives in that
his his most hardcore base lives in with
him so then yes if he's gonna tell them
the wall will get built we'll get it
done why wouldn't they believe that my
question is that other than other than
those really sort of hardcore folks that
Charlie was referring to where is the
record of actual accomplishment that
people feel in their pocketbook which is
what we were always being told that the
the tax cut isn't really delivering that
much money he tried to cut health care
along with Paul Ryan another Wisconsin
Republican and others in the Republican
leadership he's really not delivering on
those sort of poor messaging that he did
during the campaign that if you do this
if you if you vote for me I will make
all these things better he has I alone
can fix it I mean a fix-it is is he
risking being out of touch with the
voters you know among Donald Trump's
strongest supporters it really doesn't
matter what he actually accomplishes is
he's more of a cultural president than
someone that is seeking that needs
policy accomplishments you talk to his
supporters and they tell you well the
media they're out to get him Congress
they're out to getting no one's
supporting him if he doesn't get the
wall built he's gonna deflect blame as
he always deflects blame and he does it
very abling
but if he's always deflecting blame
doesn't he at some point run a risk of
looking like somebody who can't get
anything done he talked about what a
great deal maker he was if you can't get
a deal done how great of a deal maker
are you and does that start to pop the
bubble of that myth or that claim
perhaps we just don't know how long that
will take
I think it's very important for us to
cede the talk of the wall the talk of
anchor babies the talk of Mexican
rapists all of this is all of these
things serve as a proxy for Donald Trump
as the cultural warrior
and so when we see and then culture the
cultural wars right activate and here
I'm kind of troubling with Charlie's
saying activate a number of different
constituencies within the Republican
Party and you combine that with this I
will not vote for a Democrat where the
retailer II Clinton or not then once you
play the culture war kind of position
then you can actually try to rally the
base so I want to say that whether he
actually makes good on building the wall
whether he actually makes good on some
of these claims that are just just wild
the fact is he's a cultural what he's
appealing to our fears speaking of that
today at this tax roundtable this tax
roundtable in West Virginia he went back
to the first thing he said when he
announced that he was running for
president that Mexico is sending rapists
that Mexicans are rapists he's at a tax
round table and he's talking about
Mexican rapists I want to play that bite
for you remember my opening remarks at
Trump Tower when I opened everybody said
all he was so tough and I used the word
rape and yesterday it came out where
this journey coming up women are raped
at levels that nobody has ever seen
before they don't want to mention that
there's talk on Twitter among a lot of
Republican thought leaders I think Bill
Kristol is one of them talking about
the the politics of demagoguery and what
you do is you go out and you and you say
I'm the only person that can fix the
problems I've fixed all the problems but
there are so many problems and so many
dangers yet to come you need me here so
while I fix everything we are still in
danger is that how you see bringing that
sort of thing up Charlie well yes and I
mean look this is the secret sauce of
his campaign right you start the
campaign by talking about Mexican
rapists you call for banning all Muslims
you insult Mexico
you know Mexicans wherever you can you
talk about deporting millions of people
you know and this is the part of the
culture culture war and the culture
warrior image that he has but I think
world with interesting things about
Donald Trump is that at the same time he
says I am the fighter and the leader
that you need he also is very quick to
portray himself as the victim you know
that I am being persecuted you know the
reason this did
happen is because somebody else has you
know undermined me so in Trump world
Donald Trump cannot fail he can only be
betrayed so it's an interesting
juxtaposition between being the lid a
strong leader and the constant perpetual
victim but apparently that's what you
know a lot of a lot of his voters a lot
of his supporters are willing to accept
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
