new issues cover story titled charm
offensive should the world buy what the
crown prince is selling in it Karl
Reich's by the time 32 year-old Mohammed
bin Salman departs the US he will have
visited five states plus the District of
Columbia for president's five newspapers
uncounted moguls and Oprah the heart of
the pitch the crown prince has taken on
the road is forward-looking Universal
and delivered in the confident fact
stippled surge of words that might
describe a start-up bin solomon in large
part is looking for money foreign funds
being a crucial element of vision 2030
his plan that promises to reconcile
feudal society with the world around him
and for all his power and wealth bin
Salman needs outside help to do it
Caryl good morning it's good to see you
so let me just have you answer the
question you asked on the cover should
America should the world by what the
crown prince is selling on this
three-week trip to the United States you
know he seems to be sincere everyone he
seems to meet he's sort of a master
salesman
he's remaking the Saudi brand right so
we always thought of these guys these
these old men and flowing robes who were
you know sort of double dealers they
they sold us our oil but they had their
own agenda which which included
exporting this extreme form of Islam
that would that had begun in the desert
they put everywhere in the world
Wahhabism he he wants to get off the oil
you know teat and and and diversify the
economy and he says he's that they're
that they're that their religion has
been hijacked and he's talking about a
more moderate welcoming Islam more
rights for women when they're gonna be
able to drive so a reformer at home and
and actually overseas he's that he's an
activist he's been very he's been
helping to make a bigger mess of the
Middle East but that's that's outside
their borders I'm full disclosure I
think women being allowed to drive in
Saudi Arabia is a great thing my mom
used to drive there but she was
described as a man and we almost got
ourselves driven off a mountain road
because somebody realized it was a woman
driving let's talk about what he's doing
around the world though and in the
Middle East in particular because the
kind of flip side of all of the reforms
that he's carrying on at home which most
people seem to think are real
sincere and will leave Saudi Arabia to a
better place both socially and
economically you look at what's
happening in Yemen you look at his
stepping up the rhetoric with Iran is he
is he at risk of pushing the Middle East
into a position that is even more
unstable because of this confrontation
with the Iranians both on his southern
border and potentially even with Iran
itself I mean it's certainly true that
Iran has been more activist more
emboldened in the last few years and and
in Saudi Arabia is is historically their
rival and the and the the the
counterbalance to it and one of the
reasons President Trump in this White
House loves this Saudi Arabia and this
guy is that he's stepping up to fight
Iran but he a few days after being made
defense secretary at a defense minister
at age 29 by his father the King he they
started the war in Yemen and it's you
know 10,000 civilians killed it's a
stalemate it's a mess it's the poorest
country in the Arab world it's it's now
decimated and Iran wasn't terribly
involved in Yemen before so so there is
a sense of that he's maybe rash and
impulsive and in some places just
doesn't think things through and maybe
stirring the pot and over overdoing it
how am I so obviously the Trump
administration is particularly the
president and his son-in-law I've chosen
to really embrace the Crown Prince what
was your sense of how emboldened that
makes him feel and I'm looking here that
he told you that Saudi Arabia is the
biggest victim of extremist ideology
what did you make of that that that was
just kind of a talking point he has his
own explanation for why why Islam inside
Saudi Arabia is is as changed in 1979 it
was a lot of the Arab world in the 70s
looked like Egypt and and you know women
were not wearing hijab and and it was a
more secular society and then a lot of
things happen in 1979 Iran became an
feoh Islamic Republic and and there was
also a small quite a revolt in in Saudi
Arabia by extremists in the country then
became much more conservative after that
but
I forgot the question before this how
emboldened they are yes well I mean
Trump made Trump made his first trip
abroad
not to Canada which was traditional but
to Saudi Arabia and and right after
anybody you know you remember he danced
with the sword and they all held this
globe and and right after he left Saudi
Arabia and and and some of its allies in
the Gulf sort of all ganged up on
another country Cotter and the goal for
that which was bothering them and it and
Trump tweeted support for that it was a
strange sort of intra Arab feud that
that they now they had the Americans on
their side that did really did seem to
embolden them and and Trump likes what
they're doing in Yemen selling him a lot
of arms to do it so Steve Schmidt we
serve joked in the Tees before this
segment that the rock Dwayne Johnson had
sat down and had dinner with bin Salman
a private dinner at Rupert Murdoch's
house there were other actors there
Morgan Freeman James Cameron other
people from Hollywood
obviously Saudi Arabia's going to invest
in in the movie business now the opening
up the theaters and letting women and I
think Black Panther is the first movie
that's going to be shown there but I
want to ask you about the rock as a guy
who understands our political system as
a guy who's run a presidential campaign
should we be thinking about Dwayne
Johnson as a serious political candidate
for president I think if Dwayne Johnson
wanted to run for office in this country
he'd be a serious candidate and to
understand the you know American
politics is this the next president
always have oppositional virtues to the
last president and so when you look at
Dwayne Johnson there is an element to
his personality of genuine kindness
interest he's a nice person who takes
time with every fan you read the things
that he talks about he's smart he's
articulate he understands that there are
things that he doesn't know it seems
interested in learning them he has a
type of humility that's profoundly
oppositional to Donald Trump and so when
I look at Dwayne Johnson I don't look at
Dwayne Johnson as a celeb
I look at Dwayne Johnson as someone who
possesses qualities of character that
are quite oppositional to the incumbent
president that makes him beeps mobile
for mobile possible candidate but Steve
that's like saying you let the lawn boy
do brain surgery on your mother and he
was a kind of nasty lawn boy he didn't
know how to do brain surgery and he
killed your mother
but there's another lawn lawn boy across
the street who is nice and has a better
way about him when he's mowing your lawn
and and and collecting payment for
mowing your lawn I mean the rock doesn't
know any more about government than
Donald Trump but yet we're talking about
the rock we're talking about Oprah we're
talking about I mean I could go down the
list Mark Cuban who's actually Bob Iger
I mean people that are effective in
their own ways but again are we doomed
to continue electing presidents that
have no idea how to make the government
work I think that when you look at
Donald Trump for example like the issue
isn't that Donald Trump didn't know
anything the issue is that Donald Trump
has no interest in learning anything new
and so to me that's where the fault line
is on this and my conception of the
office is that the the dominant
requirement the the the the number one
requirement for this office is is its
quality of character and you know if you
have character you have those qualities
I think you can be be an effective
president you can rise to the to the
occasion certainly preparation knowing
what you're talking about knowing what
you're doing being able to put together
a team is that it is an important
quality and and I don't think that you
necessarily that our entire pool of
people who are eligible to run for
president United States come out of the
United States Congress which is perhaps
our most dysfunctional institution in
the country I'm not so interested they
necessarily well this person knows
everything there is to know about
government but
is he interested in learning is he
interested in preparing will he put the
work in and does he have the requisite
qualities of character to make decisions
to make the country a better place for
the generations of Americans yet born
and the answer is maybe yes maybe no who
knows but I think he'd be formidable if
he put in the hard work in preparation
to it and so this morning we kick off
the 2020 presidential campaign Steve
Schmidt thank you very much Carl Vick
thank you the new issue of Time magazine
on the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia is
available now still ahead Facebook
doesn't make you pay to log in but are
you paying with your privacy the social
media company's data scandal just got
worse ahead of Mark Zuckerberg
appearance before Congress next week
morning Jose coming right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
