aisa Willie yesterday was fascinating
this was you know we were just
celebrating the life and the remarkable
legacy of a woman who inspired in
inspired brown v board of education of
course that takes you back to when
Eisenhower sent the National Guard to
Little Rock to do extraordinary things
it transformed really our lives our
children's lives our lives American
culture now we have sort of the the
bright part inspired I guess and colter
inspired moving of National Guard troops
down to the border nobody's really sure
what they're gonna do there they're not
really allowed to make contact down
there but we have that and then we had
conversation yesterday with the the head
of the Department of Homeland Security
talking about the wall but it's not
Donald Trump's wall that Mexico is going
to pay for it seems like they're going
to be doing rehab on Barack Obama's part
of the wall so again it the last week
has just seemed to be a lot of sound and
fury signifying nothing
and all reactions to things that
President Trump has said impossible you
can go down the list of stories that
we're going to talk about today whether
it's the planned now pull out eventually
of troops American troops from Syria
whether it's the tariffs tariffs in the
trade war that's come from it whether
it's setting the national guard to the
border these are things that Donald
Trump has gotten ahead of his own
administration and they've had to
scramble in behind him to formulate
policy around a statement he's made
president Trump signed a declaration to
send National Guard troops to the
southern border as joe said it calls for
the department's of Defense and homeland
security to work with border governors
to fight illegal immigration the move is
being activated under title 32 which
gives governor's command and control
over their troops while the federal
government foots the bill
troops will not make contact with any
immigrants and yesterday homeland
security secretary
Kirsten nielsen said she hoped
deployment would begin quote immediately
although she says she's still speaking
with the four border governors
and that a specified plan is not yet in
place illegal border crossings hit a 46
year low last year but the
administration insists a surge over the
past month at a potential uptick this
month is cause for urgency we are seeing
more and more advertising and very
unfortunately by the traffickers and
smugglers to ourselves
specific to how to get around our system
and enter our country and stay we have
documented cases of borrowing children
appearing out the border as a family
unit at a fraudulent way so why today
not yesterday tomorrow today today is
the day today's the day we want to start
this process the the threat is real
president george w bush said 6000
National Guard troops to the southern
border in 2006 while President Obama
sent 1,200 in 2010 in both cases they've
supported border patrol and did not
carry out seizures or arrests and Joe
just to underline how serve ad hoc this
policy has been we heard yesterday from
the National Guard in California which
said we look forward to some detail
about timing and dates and plans for
this because it's the first a lot of
people who will be implementing this
policy have heard of it well they
actually have the National Guard in the
California have something in common with
our fighting men and women over in Syria
who are trying to stop Isis from
regaining their foothold in that region
and they've been telling people like
David Ignatius for months they would
like some guidance from the White House
but this president doesn't provide
guidance you know Willie you you you you
heard the the threat is real talking
about the threat from I don't know if
it's it's this like Mystery Machine
Scooby van Caravan that Donald Trump's
been obsessing on because Fox News
mentioned it on Saturday morning but can
we go back to that chart I want to make
sure that I understood you did you say
that illegal border crossings are at a
43-year low I did and the
what the reason that the Trump White
House is giving is because in the last
month alone in the last month they've
ticked up a little bit so that
constitutes a crisis in their eyes and
the actions that President Trump
promised during the campaign he believes
now is the time to implement them well
you know just continuing my streak of
always being a little bit off Alex tells
me last year was a 46 year low and
Carolee you look at the trend lines
they're going in one direction down and
we heard they've been going down since
2008 especially since the 2008 recession
this seems to be a solution to a problem
that we just don't have like we did
during the Clinton administration and
during the Bush administration yeah it
seems to be borne out of the president
sort of restlessness that we've been
seeing for in recent weeks and you know
ever since he signed that omnibus bill
that he was frustrated with in front and
a veto and then signed he seems to be
reaching for ways to kind of make up for
that and this is the latest in a series
of things that he's thrown out there I
think one question that's really going
to be critical in the next coming days
is how they're gonna pay for this that's
going to be a fight and where does this
money come from because you can come up
with this idea that he has and to put
National Guard troops on the border but
that's going to cost a lot of money and
it's not clear exactly where that's
going to come from so I think there's a
sort of scramble as you said earlier the
president's you know speaks and then
everyone tries to fill in the gaps and
make what he says into some sort of
formulated policy Jon Meacham we're
really living though here and an
alternate reality
what is it Kellyanne Kahn we talked
about alternative facts you you have
National Guard troops going to the
border to protect a border that has
fewer crossings since I mean he'll I
mean their crossings have been going
down for almost as long as I you know
lowest since
46 years I mean half a century and then
they're talking about building building
this wall for a problem that again is at
a low ebb for almost half a century and
we're going to show you that I just
really I think unintentionally funny
clip in a second this week you have
Donald Trump blasting the Washington
Post is a lobbyist organization it is
not that's a lie you have the president
United States talking about the United
States Post Office and taxpayers having
to subsidize their services that is
false they do not subsidize those
services as Shep Smith and everybody
else has been saying over the past
several days and also saying that Amazon
gets this sweetheart deal this special
this is the special cut rate when in
fact it's just anybody that melds in
bulk I I know I always ask this question
of you but how exactly do we put this in
perspective when you have a president
that every day is not only lying but is
making sure that his lies and his
twisted distorted views of reality let's
at least let's apply that to the border
wall actually impact policy all right we
got that part of it but then his own
party says nothing they don't stand up
to him they don't fight against stupid
trade wars that hurt their constituents
they don't fight against the Trump
tariff tax that hurts consumers I mean I
can go on and on these aren't just
tweets these are things that are hurting
farmers and and and consumers and a lot
of other Americans well he's taken the
Machiavellian point about it's better to
be feared than to be loved to a
remarkable maybe ultimate conclusion
in the American context I think the
Republicans you're talking about if they
don't fear him they certainly fear his
voters and one of the things that is to
me is really fascinating about this week
and the two issues you're talking about
which is the wall and the issue we've
been talking about for a couple of days
and just trade is this is an elemental
play for Trump insofar as there is an
elemental play for him the Amazon stuff
is interesting but that could very well
be seen as the NFL players of the moment
or the whatever woods whatever the storm
of the moment is but there are two
things that he has talked about since he
began flirting with politics as far back
as the late 1980s and that's trade and
there's one thing he's talked about
since that first moment when he used the
birther issue to thrust himself to the
heart of the right wing and that's the
wall and seems to me that there's a
certain psychological interest certain
psychological significance that for all
the as you put it for all the sound and
the fury for all all the strutting and
fretting upon the stage he has gone back
to two things that has have stood him in
good enough stead to propel him to this
place in the life of the country and
that is the wall and that's tariffs and
I think that they're I don't know if
that's because he's worried about
something that we don't yet know what it
is god knows what else there could be
but I think that it's a sign that he
knows that there are things coming
he needs that base and that base is
interested in the wall and that base is
interested in saying that other
countries aren't going to screw us any
more whether or not that has a basis in
fact and it thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
