don't Trump's new claim that he's
tougher on Russia than anyone is not
true but it does show him on defense in
one of the strangest plots in public
life the story of how Russia interfered
in a close American election enjoyed a
public alliance with the beneficiary
that interference and now well this has
been providing a cast of characters in
an open criminal probe when you look at
Russian interference in American
elections it's clearly a plot worthy of
a Hollywood screenplay as my next guest
Rob Reiner can certainly attest he has
an impressive record in film and
television including directing the
courtroom classic a few good men where a
general takes the law into his own hands
who can forget when Colonel Jessup tells
the court that his existence while
grotesque and incomprehensible to the
prosecutor it saves lives right right
yes you won't be on that wall you need
you on that be on that wall
damn straight yes and it kind of speaks
to a mentality of being above the law
power above the law that the well that
the plot I think ultimately shows you
why that's bankrupt it's a warning that
we are you could inform your new work
which is of course a work of nonfiction
the committee to investigate Russia
former Pentagon intelligence chiefs are
involved the idea is to both expose
Russian interference and also provide
what they call nonpartisan information
about this Muller probe Rob Reider back
on the beat thanks for being here thanks
for having me Ari where's this plot
headed well that's the question that's
the big question and we're not talking
about just what happens to Donald Trump
I mean whatever happens to Donald Trump
is going to be determined by robert
muller what we're talking about is
trying to get the the public to
understand the gravity of what has
happened this is not just about meddling
in an election this is about Russia's
desire to destroy not only our democracy
but democracies around the world
and they have not only disrupted our
elections but they've invaded our
electrical grids water supplies atomic
energy plants and they're poised to do a
lot more damage than we can possibly
imagine and the only way that we are
going to protect ourselves and save our
democracy is if we have a leader in the
White House who's willing to acknowledge
all this and do what's necessary to get
the right kind of safeguards and the
right protocols to push back I don't
want to overdo our Hollywood plot format
but I will I will because that's what I
do okay in overdoing it let me say that
when you watch a movie and you know who
you're rooting for and against a lot of
the information you take in through that
prism and it's clarifying right right in
your work now and try to do this and you
are a master storyteller how problematic
is it that for a large part of the
country the truth about what Vladimir
Putin is doing is politically
uncomfortable because of their support
for Donald Trump well it's incredibly
difficult I mean normally under any
normal circumstances every single
administration puts out propaganda that
that's always the case whether it's to
promote a war that we shouldn't be
getting into like a rocker or Vietnam or
just to sell policy to sell the thinking
the the you know the wonder the
wonderfulness of another new policy but
when you have an administration that is
backed up by essentially state-run
television with Fox with now Sinclair
Infowars is incredibly difficult to push
the truth out you are really fighting it
out of the battle or zation prism you
mentioned very hard you mentioned the
Iraq war you actually have a movie
coming out about the journalism in that
sphere let's look at this okay we don't
write for people who send other people's
kids to war we write for people
whose kids get sent to war so when the
government says something you only have
one question to ask is it true that's
that's really the the ultimate question
that is what the the Fourth Estate is
supposed to do it is supposed to try to
get to the truth hold the administration
accountable and it is getting more and
more difficult not only are we our
mainstream media and they listen
mainstream media what is mainstream
media anymore when you talk about fox or
sinclair
that's mainstream media too so what is
the truth and how do you get to the
truth when you're fighting not only
propaganda and tweets from a president
who says fake news but also these
alternative universes that we all are
wrestling with what is the truth we
started with a few good men we ended
with Socrates what is truth and beauty
we'll come back for your seminar any
time hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
