the border it's like we have no border
because we had Obama make changes
President Obama made changes that
basically created no border go catch and
release you catch them your register
they go into our country we can't throw
them out we have very bad laws for a
border and we are going to be doing some
things I've been speaking with general
mattis we're going to be doing things
military with it until we can have a
wall in proper security we're going to
be guarding our border with the military
that's a big step we really haven't done
that before or certainly not very much
before I'm just wondering should anybody
tell him yeah we got NATO he was NATO
are ignorant Amazon he was either lying
or ignorant about Amazon that's again if
you don't believe me go watch what Shep
said yesterday he laid it right out on
fob and here he's actually the board we
actually had a problem but now actually
the number of immigrants illegal
immigrants coming across the border is
dropped so catch okay so there you go so
perhaps maybe he knows that you think so
you think this is again you think he's
lying just to try to get Ann Coulter to
stop mean tweeting about it by the way
ah
Ann Coulter knew exactly what she was
just don't mean she cheat you're being
sarcastic
she tweeted it Trump she baited him and
he has done all of these remarkably
stupid things over the past five or six
days just to respond to her tweet he
signs the odd way stupid I mean you
can't find an expert that would say
these are really stupid things that he's
doing because when you're not actually a
conservative at your core you're fishing
for the things that you think make you
conservative and so when you sign the
omnibus bill and you get criticized from
Ann Coulter and others because it's not
tough enough there's no wall for
immigration you react in a way that you
think pleases them and that's not really
how we want our country well that's
pleasing commentators on TV let's try
and elevate the conversation
on this level
joining us now former NATO supreme
Allied commander now the Dean of the
Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at
Tufts University retired four-star Namie
Admiral James stavridis he is chief
international security and diplomacy
analyst for NBC News and let me ask me
questions and Admiral troops are the
borders go bad idea let's think about
this for a minute we all want to control
the border but throwing the US military
at the problem is taking the wrong tool
to the operation our troops are trained
in the application of lethal force they
are not trained in law enforcement they
are going to be very expensive to move
down to that border region you're going
to try and distribute them all along
that border it's just a very bad idea in
every dimension it kind of fails the
common sense check and it also kind of
fails the symbolic check it looks to the
Latin America and the Caribbean that
were militarizing our border what we
ought to do is give the resources to the
Department of Homeland Security not to
build a 30 foot high wall that won't
work either but what we ought to be
doing is creating an intelligent 21st
century border with artificial
intelligence looking at patterns of
movement unmanned vehicles some physical
structures enhance technique all along
that border that's the right way to go
Joe not throwing troops at the problem
well and I mean you write in Bloomberg
about the concept if the wall itself and
and make those points the the bigger
question is politically Joe have
Republicans been trying to sort of help
him have his money for his wall just to
see if they can get something back for
him I mean while this concept just keeps
going down the road and becoming a
reality
what have Republicans gotten back from
this president Admiral it doesn't seem
that Republicans are Democrats want this
wall because like you they understand
general Kelley said it not fair when
when he was being confirmed having the
Department of Homeland Security he
actually laid out the same exact
approach that you laid out a few
physical structures here and there but
rely on artificial intelligence to
figure out where the movements going
drones I mean a lot of different ways
you do this that actually may not be
cheaper than if you build a 18th century
structure what would be more effective
indeed they would and you know think
about it this way you can build a big
beautiful wall 30 feet high 2,000 miles
long medieval structure check but here's
the newsflash here's the newsflash oh
and and I know this because I'm an
admiral right to the left of the wall is
an ocean and if people want to go around
the wall yet seed they will a billion
waves away a big beautiful ocean and
then pretty nice went over on your side
Joe on the Gulf Coast does he know very
well so very nice this is sort of the
21st century Lego is that the stick we
learn about this with imaginary line
isn't this the French built a huge
beautiful wall to stop the Germans from
coming in how did that work out yeah
exactly and I'll take a raise you one
and let's think about it in the context
of an earlier conversation which is
tariffs which are really trade walls
we tried that too historically they were
called the hawley-smoot trade tariffs
after World War one how'd that work out
well we cracked the global economy and
you can drop a plumb line from that to
the rise of fascism in the Second World
War
so walls don't work in this 21st century
we need to be thinking more about
building bridges so Steve Rattner you
say that trumps border proposal is a
solution in search of a problem take us
through your charts on this well Joe
alluded to this before but when you
actually look at what's going on with
border crossings you might say to
yourself well why are we talking about a
wall so let's start by seeing what's
happening to illegal border crossings
way to say I'd understand it he likes to
hold on a second that's going down well
I just wanted I light it for you in case
there was anything missing yeah the
audience but you can see not really good
in charts but that looks like the
numbers are those number going down
now what's going down exactly American
freedom yeah or what is that that is the
number of people trying to cross the
border illegally is that because we
built it was that chart show that
American sovereignty is going down is
that what that is we're confused I don't
understand can you explain it to me you
also find it similar I want to go back
to that chart dead serious we have been
saying this through the acam pain good
chart non-stop we said it in 2016 one
who's talking about this big beautiful
stupid wall we're saying it now this is
a solution in search of a problem
I think I said that we yeah well you
know because you listened to us we've
been saying it for two years now the
real problem the real crisis was during
the Bush administration is when it
really exploded yes but let me show you
one other piece of this chart oh wait a
second can we go back to that last chart
I want to go back one more time because
they see our what did it do when Barack
Obama was president oh wait could you
start in about 2008 about yeah that's
2005 it's only yes it's going actually
straight down when Barack Obama's
President of the United States by the
way Steve that line is why Hispanic
groups and immigrant groups gave Barack
Obama
holy hell for eight years so when Donald
Trump's talking about this being a
Barack Obama problem he's just again
word of the day lying well he's wrong
about another thing as the next chart
will show you what you go to the next
chart now well because it's a lot like
the last one but it shows you one more
piece of data which is in fact the
number of Mexicans crossing the border
has been dropping even more sharply and
the number that's been increasing
somewhat are the Central Americans that
he's talking about a grand total of two
hundred twenty two thousand of them
there is a problem with Central
Americans moving up through Mexico and
in the US but a wall is the wrong way to
stop them because all you're doing is
creating a refugee crisis on the Mexican
border you need to deal as Obama tried
to do with the problem in Central
America in Guatemala in the Honduras and
so on and then if you look just briefly
at the last one to give you even a
little more ammunition when you talk
about Mexicans they are actually leaving
the country on a net basis they came in
and big numbers in the late 90s and then
since the financial crisis in particular
they have on a net basis but actually
leaving the country keep that up for a
second
Rev this really is this is this is just
a it's a mirage again during the Bush
administration earlier in the Clinton
Bush and Reagan administration's we did
have a massive influx of illegal
immigrants but look at those numbers of
- 140,000 between 2009 and 2014 know he
is really building an unnecessary wall
but what he's doing is dividing
Americans for political reasons that's
the real wall he's building because
there's an us against them psychology
that he's erecting for political
purposes when it's unnecessary he has
people really believing their caravans
coming after us when he knows better
what he really wants is to keep people
divided so he can stay in power so he
can serve his business friends I want to
show you Steve ratner's last chart again
and it shows that between 95 and 2000
during the last five years of the
Clinton administration we really did
have a problem we had two million about
two and a quarter million Mexicans
coming up from from Mexico illegally
from 2005 to ten - 20,000 and again -
140,000 from 2009 to 2014 and like many
things many trends during the Obama
administration those trends are
continuing into the Trump administration
indeed and before I was the NATO
commander I spent three years as
commander of u.s. Southern Command in
charge of all military operation
security operations south of the United
States so I know this terrain pretty
well Joe and part of why that drop
occurs is because of our work in Mexico
in Central America with the governments
there to try and alleviate the violence
problems that drive an enormous amount
of this illegal migration so the
solutions as everyone has said this
morning is not to build the Great Wall
of China across across our southern
border but rather to work with the
nations in the south we have a shared
interest here in reducing this kind of
violence I think we can do that that's
part of why that drop occurred
throughout the period you correctly
point out you both Steve Rattner has it
exactly right this is about working the
security south of us so we don't create
another crisis which can destabilize
some of those fragile democracies pretty
quickly let me write that down because I
know that it's going to be in a plaque
Steve Rattner has that right ratner has
said how China manages its currency now
that's also Admiral we have been
concerned here for some time and and no
one has expressed more eloquently than
David Ignatius on what's happening in
Syria right now David is in Washington
and has a question for you on that
Admiral you you've been a combatant
commander and I want to ask you whether
you're concerned that the president's
comments are leading to an erosion of
the situation on the ground for our
military personnel and their allies in
eastern Syria where they're exposed
where they've had a lot of success is
that success being squandered by the
president's comments I think it is and
as I speak with senior military people
are very concerned also about the flip
dropping of this just in a press
conference not thought through that just
undermines the ability of the military
on the ground to conduct the tactical
operations so that's very concerning
David but as you know very well there's
a strategic piece of this too and so
when Crown
Prince Mohammed of Saudi Arabia or the
Prime Minister of Israel hear those
comments think about their reaction as
they're trying to structure a gradual
approach between Israel and the Sunni
Arab states and stand against Iran so
we've got the tactical component that
you mentioned correctly David and then
it also undermines what we need to be
doing there strategically in a very
dramatic way so I'd say a bad day for US
interests in the Middle East when that
comment just kind of rolled out Admiral
stavridis thank you very much for being
on this morning thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
