day 438 of the Trump administration a
day the president started out by
unleashing attacks on his own our own
Justice Department the FBI Amazon CNN
NBC Mexico Democrats and so-called
caravans of people traveling through
Mexico more on all of those later and it
all came down as we learned from the
Kremlin that Donald Trump has invited
Vladimir Putin to visit the White House
according to one of Putin's aides the
overture came during that now famous
March 20th phone call the one in which
the president ignored the warning not to
congratulate Putin on his victory in a
rigged election that call the president
hinted at the visit during a news
conference at the White House we had a
very good call and I suspect that we'll
probably be meeting in the
not-too-distant future the problem is
much of the president's foreign policy
apparatus inside and outside the White
House was apparently blindsided by the
news from the Kremlin the White House
press secretary issued a statement that
said in part the two had discussed a
bilateral meeting in the not-too-distant
future at a number of potential venues
including the White House meantime in
Washington tomorrow we may learn more
about the Muller investigation a kind of
status report that's because tomorrow
will bring the first real sentencing in
the investigation
Alexander vanderzwaan the 33 year old
london-based lawyer this gets a little
complicated who worked with President
Trump's campaign officials Paul Manafort
and Rick Gates in Ukraine he has pleaded
guilty to lying to investigators
last week prosecutors revealed he knew
about communications between gates and a
person with ties to Russian military
intelligence and that the contact was
indeed relevant to the Russia
investigation and the Wall Street
Journal reports tonight that Muller is
now taking a very close look at one of
trumps
longest friends and allies Roger stone
the Journal says Muller is quote looking
into longtime adviser Roger stones 2016
claim that he had met with WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange according to a
person
familiar with the matter in an email
dated August 4 2016
mr. stone wrote I dined with Julian
Assange last night according to a copy
of the message reviewed by The Wall
Street Journal the note to former Trump
adviser Sam Nunn Berg adds to a growing
number of times mr. stone claimed during
the campaign to be in contacts with
WikiLeaks the next day mr. stone
publicly praised mr. Assange via Twitter
mr. Mueller's team has asked about mr.
stones email during testimony before a
grand jury according to the person
familiar with the matter stone told the
Journal that the email to former Protege
Sam Nunn Berg was quote a joke but the
he has frequently claimed some kind of
contact with WikiLeaks and then later
issued some kind of denial president's
legal team has been hunting for
additional lawyers to help represent him
in the Russia matter Joe digenova and
his wife and frequent co-counsel
Victoria Tenzing who had agreed to act
as counsel then declined because of a
conflict of interest are apparently
still very much in contact with Trump
and his attorneys here is what digenova
said this morning on WBAL radio in
Baltimore I can tell you Victoria and I
are playing the role of lawyers on
television and in real life we've spoken
with the president several times since
our responsive respective statements
last week and we continue to chat with
his lawyers and with him he has a
complete understanding of the legal
battlefield that he is facing I believe
that he has been victimized by an
incompetent Justice Department led
temporarily by rod Rosen Stein who I
think is a disgrace so there was that
while dejenne 'va declined to reveal
exactly what he and the president
discussed one major issue that's yet to
be resolved as whether Trump will sit
down with Muller for an interview former
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie who
for a brief time as you know ran the
Trump transition team himself a former
US Attorney gave his advice to the
president over the weekend
as a former US Attorney and somebody who
would be sitting on the other side of
that table I've said this all along
George dissented here before he should
never walk into that room with Robert
Muller because in the end one of the
things that makes the president who he
is is that he's a Salesman
and salesman at times tend to be
hyperbolic that's okay when you're out
of the campaign hustings that's okay
when you're working on Congress it is
not okay when you're sitting talking to
federal agents because you know 18 USC
1001 is false statements to federal
agents that's a crime that can send you
to jail for more we turn to our leadoff
panel on a Monday night here in New York
with us tonight former US Attorney Joyce
Vance who spent 25 years as a federal
prosecutor
Michael Crowley's back with us as well
national security editor and senior
correspondent for Politico and with us
from Washington tonight a man who's
usually here in New York Sam Stein
politics editor for The Daily Beast good
evening and welcome to you all Michael
are we living in a new age when we're
not surprised to learn of the planned
meeting with Putin from the other side
from the Russians no it shouldn't be
surprising we've learned a lot of things
about President Donald Trump from
Russian media Russian spokesman when he
met with the Russian ambassador and
Russian Foreign Minister in the Oval
Office about a year ago it was Russian
media that published the first
photographs of that exchange showing
everybody having a good laugh
it was a Kremlin readout of that March
20th phone call was the first public
information we had about the
conversation and then today the Russians
are telling us again for the first time
that Trump had extended an invitation
for Putin to come to the White House so
the first striking thing is that the
Kremlin is the source of this
information that Trump has invited to
the White House it would be the first
trip by Vladimir Putin to the White
House since 2005 Ryan so a pretty
consequential event and and but what is
really so striking about this is that
the White House response in part was
saying okay he said come to the White
House and maybe we'll talk about some
other places but the White House did not
rule out the idea that there would still
potentially be a meeting sometime in the
near future despite the fact that the US
has taken pretty strong action to punish
the Russians for this
aegeon attack against a Russian living
in the United Kingdom in other words the
White House was not saying today
well this meeting is now off the table
clearly because we have concluded that
Russia was behind this outrageous use of
weapons of mass destruction on the soil
of a NATO ally basically treated the
idea as though it were still in play
which i think is really remarkable and
finally Brian you know don't is all over
the map on a lot policies domestic and
foreign policy there is one through line
you know clear as day he wants to talk
to Vladimir Putin he wants to meet with
but he wants to befriend Vladimir Putin
and there are a lot of people telling
him slow down back off and he doesn't
and the question is why there's
something a little strange about that
for viewers who may hear a little
something I'm told that well I talked to
Joyce we're gonna get you a new
microphone for your lapel complimentary
please don't try to pass by hey Joyce I
need you to answer several questions
let's take a turn into the mother matter
or what's the chance that in some sort
of sentencing statement we're going to
learn more about a kind of a status
check where they are on the timeline I
think that that's pretty unlikely what
we'll see tomorrow is the first real
sentencing in this investigation it's
Evander Swan who played a relatively
limited role false statements were made
when he was questioned after molars team
approached him and so here's what'll
happen at sentencing we know from his
plea agreement that he doesn't have a
cooperation agreement with Muller the
reason that we know that is everything
that he's relying on when he pleads
guilty has to be in writing in the
guilty plea so for instance with gates
it's written into the plea agreement
here we don't see that and guilty pleas
maintain this sort of routine language
that says I'm not relying on anything
other than what's in this document but
we do know that van der Swan has turned
over a couple of key pieces of evidence
to Muller he's turned over tapes of
conversations he's turned over emails
we've heard from sources that Muller's
team did not have those before van der
swans value is that even without
cooperation he could be compelled to
testify at trial if he was needed since
he'll have no Fifth Amendment privilege
no reason that he would incriminate
himself when he testified after he is
sentenced tomorrow so he's available as
a witness whether we learn anything new
at sentencing I think is unlikely with
this caveat if there is any sort of
quibbling about what his conduct was and
what kind of sentence he should get then
we may hear some details from Andrew
Weissman on Muller's team who's handling
the sentencing we may get a little bit
more insight into what vanderzwaan did
what his involvement was Sam Stein talk
for a moment about Roger stone a lot of
people have been so curious that he has
not been at the Nexus of this entire
case because of his unusual life his
unusual career his unusual public and
private persona he is as journalists
always call him a colorful figure talk
about the Roger stone you have covered
over the years well let me tell one
quick story that I think gets at the
Roger stone that people know one time I
was interviewing him outside of
Starbucks on Pennsylvania Avenue about a
stone's throw from the White House in
the middle of the interview he turns
looks over to a building across the
street it points to a room I probably
the sixth floor up and he says you know
that's where we had the committee to
re-elect the president and that's where
I took in the bags of money for Richard
Nixon
so Roger stone has been around for a
long time Roger stone has been doing
daily dirty tricks for a long time Roger
stone went away basically for a little
while recently where he was sort of on
the periphery
he was latching on to libertarian
candidates like Gary Johnson making
causes out of medical marijuana and
things like that but then he had this
history with Donald Trump and when Trump
ran for president Roger stone was Roger
stone was not just on the periphery
anymore he's very active player in the
campaign and so now that he's really a
little bit more it's not totally
surprising that when people are digging
into what exactly happened in the dark
corners of the 2016 election and maybe
if there was collusion with Russian
agents via WikiLeaks Roger stone is a
key player in that because this is the
art that he practices and he's been
practicing it for
many many decades hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
