at the end of the business day today in
California lawyers for the President of
the United States filed this 26 page
motion in federal court that contained
deep within it the admission probably
the inadvertent admission that Donald
Trump did indeed do everything that
stormy Daniels said he did in her
interview on 60 minutes the motion is an
attempt to force stormy Daniels case
into private arbitration instead of
allowing it to be heard publicly in open
court
the president's lawyers are trying to
enforce the confidentiality agreement
that stormy Janos is trying to have
declared unenforceable and in their
filing today the president's lawyers
said stormy Daniels has already violated
the confidentiality agreement at the
bottom of page nine and continuing on to
page 10 the president's lawyers explain
exactly how stormy Daniels has already
violated the confidentiality agreement
stormy Daniels real name as you recall
is Stephanie Clifford and the
president's lawyers say quote Clifford
has violated the settlement agreement
and the temporary restraining order by
among other things filing the complaint
and the first amended complaint in this
action and also by disclosing
confidential information to the news
media including in a nationally
televised interview with Anderson Cooper
on 60 minutes which was reportedly
watched by 22 million viewers the
confidentiality agreement that stormy
Daniels signed prevents her from telling
the truth of what she did with Donald
Trump it is not a violation of her
confidentiality agreement for her to lie
about what she did with Donald Trump she
can say that she played golf with Donald
Trump even though she never played golf
with Donald Trump and that would not
violate the confidentiality agreement so
when the president's lawyers say in here
that stormy Daniels violated the
confidentiality agreement by what she
said on 60 minutes they are admitting
right here on page 9 and 10
that it is all true that everything
stormy Daniels said on 60 minutes is
exactly what she was supposed to keep
secret about Donald Trump because it's
true that means according to the
president's lawyers today but this
really happened I was like someone
should take that magazine and spank you
with it
I don't like he wouldn't paint it over
and so he did and I was like turn around
drop him you told Donald Trump to turn
around and take off his pants yes and
did you yes so you turn around and pull
his pants down a little you know he had
underwear on stuff and I just gave him a
couple spots when we come back there are
more revelations in this document by the
president's lawyers today which are very
very harmful to the president that's
next when we return with Curt Anderson
and Harry Lippmann I've known stormy
Daniels a long time all the artists she
may have mentioned some of this stuff
around ten years ago at the time when
you asked a forester who they've been
sleeping with and the answer was Donald
Trump it was like the least surprising
and so yeah she had mentioned it
actually Wow so she did mention it and
that memorable television moment was
brought to you like so many other
entertainment moments by Judd Apatow who
was the director of the 40 year old
virgin and knocked up and he cast
storming Daniels in those films and that
is how and why Seth Rogen knows stormy
Daniels and heard her Donald Trump
stories ten years ago back with us Harry
Lippmann and Curt Anderson and Harry lip
and I want to go to the revelations in
these filings by the president's lawyers
today that say that store media has
violated the confidentiality agreement
which she can only violate by revealing
things that she has promised not to
reveal in that conference agreement and
those are things that Donald Trump
believes to be true and so it seems like
they they have not yet found the right
way to put it mildly to defend Donald
Trump in this case yeah to put it mildly
I think you're right they stepped in it
and avenatti who has generally been
running circles around them will we'll
be all over it of course one of the
reasons you have lawyers is because
their statements don't automatically get
attributed to you but Cohen here has
made two personal statements in the last
week that I think put him in deep hot
water first he averred to national TV
the Trump knows nothing and never knew
anything about the agreement and in this
proceeding what the big argument is
about is did they conclude the agreement
or not
now if Trump never knew anything about
it how could he make the promises that
are in the agreement which are not just
a hundred thirty thousand dollars he
promises to release all his claims he
promises not to contact her family that
all looks to be a total fraud because he
he would never have agreed because he
never knew and a lot of things follow
from that ethically civilly even
criminally for for Cohen
that I think will turn out to have been
a bad misstep and Kirk there's a really
easy way for the president to end all of
this and that is just to drop all this
litigation and let stormy Daniels
continue to tell her story she's already
told her story so the damage if you're
gonna call it that is done all she can
do is tell her story again and again but
it seems that the reason to try to
enforce the stormy Daniels agreement is
that you might have dozens or as Steve
Bannon said to Michael wolf hundreds of
these agreements out there that you need
to keep enforced well and you may have
there may be other legal liabilities
that he has that we don't know about for
instance in a I'm just speculating here
but in a prenup with mrs. Trump there
could be something about unmistakable
evidence of infidelity that such an open
hearing as opposed to a closed
arbitration over stormy Daniels
allegations would would expose no it's
extraordinary that he as you say is
keeping this open he his lawyers are the
thing that is giving this story air as
we all said as soon as the 60 Minutes
interview with stormy Daniels was done
that story is done well it isn't only
because of the ongoing pursuit by Donald
Trump in his lawyers against her for her
suit as you say it could end it could
end tomorrow so either there is some
other incentive legal incentive or as
couldn't be true Donald Trump simply and
his lawyers simply enjoy being the
center have another ring in the circus
to which that can draw attention and
Harry I just want to make it clear
legally to people what happened Brent
Blakely who represents essential
consultants which is an LLC that was
created by Michael Cohen he doesn't
actually technically represent Michael
Cohen he represents that LLC he did the
filing and then Charles hardier who
actually really does represent Donald
Trump in this case set set sent in a
supplementary filing basically saying
that that filing speaks for us we agree
with that and so the president the
United
States formally entered this today
through his own lawyers and and this is
just a development that any reasonable
lawyer would have advised the president
against probably I mean if always
thinking about is the short-term
political cost maybe but it seems like
and and and and I think Kurt's exactly
right by the way the sort of salient
sand power of this story now has
everything to do with their being and
they're fighting it there has to be
dozens of other people out there but
you're right the president joined it now
he sort of had to because he's been sued
by her and so everybody who comes back
and says we want arbitration who
everyone who's been sued has to make
that claim but he's got his very
flamethrower lawyer who just this week
by the way had a dissolution of his firm
and because of this engagement with
Trump and and he was forced into this
this move career arson Harry Lippmann
thanks for joining us I really
appreciate hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
