chances are you might not be familiar
with Sinclair broadcasting the nation's
largest owner of local TV stations but a
viral video produced by the website
Deadspin shows anchors from Sinclair
stations delivering the exact same
script and it sounds an awful lot like
what President Trump has to say about
fake news let's listen we are extremely
proud of the quality balanced journalism
that CBS 4 News produces plaguing our
country the sharing of biased and false
news has become all too common on social
media more alarming some media outlets
publish the same fake stories without
checking facts first the sharing of
biased and false news has come all too
common on
pretty sick thing isn't it 15 Sinclair
own stations are NBC affiliates an
additional 7 our Sinclair operated but
not owned by NBC what remains unclear
how many of the Sinclair States has
aired that message but Sinclair's senior
vice president news defended the company
and its statement saying we find it
curious that we would be attacked for
asking our news people to remind their
audiences that unsubstantiated stories
exist on social media he had at our
local stations keep our audience trust
by staying focused on fact-based
reporting and clearly identifying
commentary well let's bring in the
hardball round till tonight Jennifer
Rubin opinion writer with the Washington
Post Jason Johnson politics editor for
The Root dot-com and Dana Millbank
political columnist for The Washington
Post get in on this but start with Jason
I think nothing like the power of the
tube to show that chorus that barbershop
quartet of about 15 people singing from
the same prayer book your thoughts yeah
it's great and actually believe it or
not Michael Harriet at the room we wrote
about this last September it's not just
forcing local anchors to recite these
sort of Pravda type stories it's the
fact that they've introduced worse
epstein and in sebastian Gorka and all
these different people who are being
forced into local news to make
commentary about national issues this is
a problem for democracy people depend on
local news to find out what's happening
school closings what's happening with
the mayor what's happening with the
governor and turning it into a
mouthpiece for the Trump administration
with the help of a GP at the FFF see see
who's made it possible for Sinclair to
buy more stations that's been a huge
problem and Trump is perfectly happy
with them Jennifer well I think his
friends over at Fox and Friends maybe
get a little jealous if he keeps talking
about the folks at Sinclair and
certainly the people at Fox and Friends
are some of those that carry that social
media message that's not backed up by
facts but you know this really is kind
of creepy stuff you know called state TV
call it Trump TV in we're supposed to
have independent journalists who
actually think independently speak
independently and there's
nothing wrong with reminding audiences
that social media can be misleading but
listen when they're carrying the
president's lingo when they're using his
language when they're parroting what he
wants the mainstream viewership to see
that's not journalism that's just
parroting the president I'm thinking of
a date I'm thinking of Asia the body
snatchers when obvious sudden the guy
next to you starts squeaking that sound
I mean these are local people you come
to like on the boy next door the girl
next door these are people are very
familiar people you think they're
speaking their own words you find it no
no the invasion of the body snatchers
has taken over here it definitely had
that feeling that you were watching a
hostage video and if you played it
slowly you would see them linking out
SOS with their eyelids now look the
owner of TV stations can have as people
do whatever they want the power of the
press belongs to the person who owns the
press but what you have here is
particularly sinister I think because
the message is basically saying don't
believe us don't believe the press the
press is infected with bad news and that
includes us and we're sorry for it that
was part of the message there so
basically they're echoing the White
House line don't believe what you're
seeing on this newscast don't believe
the media and there's no truth out there
right well Jason I went general star
with Jennifer that's because you're
right for that paper that I've read
since about 50 years now the post I
think they're talking about the big
newspapers the post at times the journal
even on that news pages and and and and
and USA Today and they're talking about
those papers in a disparaging way as you
have less readership of newspapers I
think it's easier to attack them I think
people really believe what they read
they try would you read the New York
Times it's a big chunk of reading to do
or the journal or the post because you
do learn from it
so why they're going after people that
don't read the damn papers I think
that's what they're up to here I think
that's right listen our subscriptions
are doing great thank you readers of The
Washington Post readership is up but
you're right this is part of the entire
effort and Fox says this all the time
even though they claim to be a real news
network
disparaging any independent sources of
information that's right from the
autocrats playbook that's what Trump
does whether it's scientists at EPA or
the mainstream media
he really wants the truth to be whatever
he says the truth is and when you make
muddled messages like the nonsense that
came out of his mouth on Sunday you
could understand why you don't want
independent fact checkers but at least
for Sinclair viewers it really is a
disservice to them and you do wonder how
long those local news readers are going
to put up with it and whether some of
them are going to leave you for greener
pastures
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
