welcome back Americans across the
country are hearing an eerily similar
message when they tune into the local
news that is because Sinclair the
nation's largest owner of TV stations is
requiring anchors to deliver the same
exact script warning of one sided fake
news 15th Sinclair owned stations our
NBC affiliates which in full
transparency air meet the press
check out this Deadspin video that went
viral over the weekend senior vice
president of news wrote in an employee
memo obtained by NBC News that these
messages are meant to quote reiterate
our commitment to reporting facts in a
pursuit of truth and cited combating
conspiracy theories as an example but
does any of the media criticism sound
familiar
just ask the president who popularized
the term fake news president Trump came
to Sinclair's defense today and tweeted
quote so funny to watch fake news
networks among the most dishonest groups
of people I have ever dealt with
criticized Sinclair broadcasting for
being biased so Clair is far superior to
CNN and even more fake NBC which is a
total joke so what does this mean for
news consumers who might not even know
their local news station is owned by a
conservative leaning outlet joining me
now is David fol conflic media
correspondent for NPR
let's get to the bottom of that first
question first
there are NBC owned stations owned and
operated and then there are affiliates
which means that these Sinclair stations
that you see in these local market
markets all over the country might have
an NBC logo or an ABC logo or a CBS logo
or a Fox logo but they're not
necessarily run by the NBC network or
the CBS network etc that's right
Sinclair's in business in ironically
with all of these major media
organizations whose news divisions they
seem to be slamming and these statements
were about to talk about
Sinclair runs CBS stations and owns CBS
affiliated stations and so it'll have
you know 60 minutes on it'll have
football games on it'll do the same for
NBC programming Meet the Press on
Sundays and yet it doesn't have control
over your programs and NBC doesn't have
control over what in Sinclair does in
the other out but it clearly has control
or some degree of control over what is
broadcast on the local news stations
this was a mandated script that came
from top down what is the goal here what
are they trying to get at by having
anchors display this warning about fake
news well there are two motivations and
I think both are in play one of which is
Scott Livingston the vice president for
news of Sinclair Broadcast has said
we're offering this as a point of
differentiation we're proud of the
rigorous reporting that we say that we
offer here at Sinclair stations across
the country and isn't this wonderful and
let's not forget they're doing it at a
time that they seeking to acquire
several dozen other stations they're
trying to project that they are a place
of responsible journalism when
everybody's concerned about fake news it
is also a clarion call it's more than a
dog whistle it's more like sending off a
cannonball saying for those who look to
president Trump for leadership
rhetorically for those who share his
concern about fake news for those who
want to blast the media for its coverage
you will find a safe home in us and I
think that that's a clear call they have
built a very familiar and friendly
relationship with the Trump camp and I
think they're seeking to keep it up I
used to work in in local news that's how
I got my start a lot of reporters work
in local news and it's a it's a real
privilege because you get to know the
community you're in you get to learn
about how they react to stories how they
heal from stories what matters we're
really reporting from the bottom up and
people really watch they associate their
local news anchors with the station they
gain the trust of their viewers it is
important in our democracy what happens
if you were start to see these people
that they trust feeding them information
that maybe they can't trust well let's
just aggregate a couple things here
Sinclair owns and operates a lot of
these stations it has the right to tell
people what to say on the other hand if
they're putting it in the words of those
anchors in a sense they're trading on
the trust just as you talk about the
trust that local viewers have in there
news anchors they've come to know over
the years there they're trading on that
trust to get across their own corporate
message but they're not presenting it as
a corporate message in those clips
people will say I have come to believe I
am concerned or we are concerned as
though it's a local concern it's not
it's a concern based in the Baltimore
County headquarters of Sinclair
Broadcast so that's something they can
tell them what to say I mean as a
journalist I I would assume that you
don't listen to a corporate overlord
if somebody that you know the top of NBC
or Comcast came to me and said Katy tur
I want you to read this script exactly
as it is I would assume that I mean I
would hope that I would say well I don't
agree with this or this is not true it's
not up to our journalistic standards and
we're not gonna do it and Katy tur of
MSNBC and NBC might have the standing to
say no that a local news anchor might
not in Topeka or somewhere else in their
many hundreds of scattered stations you
know I think about two incidents that
remind me of this istick I've covered
them for such a long time I used to be
the media reporter for the Baltimore Sun
and they're based right outside
Baltimore so in 2001 after the 9/11
attacks
Sinclair mandated all stations all news
anchors had to read aloud a statement of
support for George W Bush and I can tell
you at many stations has caused concerns
they didn't say this is a patriotic
statement of support they said we
support george w bush in his response at
their flagship station in baltimore
several anchors said we can't read this
and they negotiated the right to say
station management wants to express this
distancing themselves slightly ownership
can compel people to say things they
want or people can walk away but
nonetheless in that instance they
negotiate it but stations all across the
countries other people made the
statements the second instance I'll talk
about 2004 there then Washington bureau
chief confided in me and said on the
record he had grave reservations about
their coverage of John Kerry and the
Swift Boat incidents and his record in
Vietnam he said he thought wreaked of
bias he was fired the very day my story
appeared and both of us expected him to
be fired but we did not know was that
Sinclair would then go after him and
force him to give back his unemployment
compensation to the state of Maryland
for having done that they said you don't
deserve to get unemployment compensation
they enforced his contract to the letter
that is the kind of reach Sinclair
showed it will have if you cross them
it's a message to employees do what we
say say what we say the Fourth Estate is
part of our democracy it's part of what
makes our democracy function it is has
been held up for hundreds of years as
one of the reasons why we exist and we
have been successful we have an outlet
where we can push back on our leaders
hold them accountable be truthful when
our leaders are not being truthful what
is the recourse when we're seeing more
and more news outlets become corporate
owned entity entities well you're seeing
an extraordinary consolidation of
ownership I mean the ironic thing is
that President Trump has said he's
concerned about media consolidation his
Justice Department is blocking or
seeking to block the takeover of Time
Warner and therefore CNN by AT&T
concerned about too much consolidation
right now the acquisition of Tribune's
TV stations over 30 of them has been
proposed by Sinclair so that they could
get even more of the share reach even
more of the country at this time and I
trust lawyers are looking at that at the
Department of Justice but Trump's own
pick as head of the Federal
Communications Commission is currently
under investigation by his agency's
Inspector General for his contacts and
relationship with Sinclair over the
question of his easement of rules making
it easier for them to do this right is
it better to a public funding system
look here at NPR we're very appreciative
of our member stations of our listeners
and of course of the support those
stations get from from federal sources
David feau conflic thank you very much
for joining us appreciate it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
