joining me now is Democratic congressman
Joaquin Castro of Texas congressman
thank you for being here yeah thanks for
having me you told Casey hunt that you
did not want to fund the border wall
that funding the border wall in exchange
for daca was not going to happen
Republicans control Congress do you
think that there's anything at all you
can trade for daca that they will accept
well there were some and there are some
good legislative vehicles where we might
be able to find bipartisan compromise in
both the House and the Senate but it
seems like every time any bill picks up
momentum the president squelches it and
basically cuts off any momentum and so
Republican support at that part at that
point falls apart because they figure
that the president's not going to
support it so why should they go out on
a limb and support a particular bill so
it's going to be a tough road but look I
think we have to stay optimistic and
hopeful because you have the futures of
800,000 young people dreamers daca
recipients on the line are you just
waiting for a Democratic Congress yeah
that would help a lot
I think if Democrats take back control
of the house in 2019 January 2019 and
perhaps the Senate then that will of
course give us a lot more leverage are
you saying though the only way to get
this done right now is to have a
Democratic Congress House and Senate are
you confident that's the case that the
president would even sign a bill that
you put forward I would definitely give
us a lot more leverage I think you'd see
a lot better bill come through the
Congress if Democrats are in control of
the House and the Senate but I have to
be hopeful that it's not the only way
that it's going to happen that we can
still continue to work towards some kind
of bipartisan agreement because even
though there's a court case in right now
that allows daca recipients to continue
to keep daca we don't know that that's
going to continue through November or
through January of next year so what can
you tell recipients of daca right now
will happen if that court case concludes
and it's up to Congress what are
Democrats willing to do to negotiate
with this Republican Congress to make
sure that it solves sooner rather than
later well we're working literally
basically day in and day out to try to
find an agreement we're working to try
to
whatever combination we can that is
workable that can get a majority support
about the details from them as opposed
to just general language well if you
look at the bills that are out there
there are some viable bills but again
the president has to indicate somehow
that he's willing to allow one of those
bills to go forward and remember we're
not faced right now because of that
court case with the immediate threat of
800,000 people becoming deportable and I
do think that because of that that also
slowed some of the momentum because the
March 5th deadline was no longer
applicable which bill is viable well
you've got the hurt argue lower bill for
example in the House of Representatives
that dick Durbin also picked up with
Lindsey Graham I believe in the Senate
that's one of the shells the legislative
shells that could be used and there are
also a few others it just depends on
which one you want to start with the
president is tweeting about about daca
and he's saying that those that are
trying to come in now are going to be
taking advantage of daca that's not the
case that's not the way that particular
bill or plan works you need to be here
before 2007 in order to be eligible for
for daca do you think the president
knows this is he aware of that policy or
is he intentionally misleading the
public you know Katie I don't know the
answer to that question but it's really
disturbing when a president wakes up on
Easter morning and starts tweeting out
an argument about daca and fighting with
Mexico and so forth
after watching probably a fox news
segment on this caravan of people that
are supposedly coming up to the United
States and then to get major facts wrong
about daca you can't just show up here
and get daca you have to have been here
for quite some time but every time he
gets into a political pinch or it seems
like every time the chaos of all these
other issues dies down a little bit then
he goes right back to bashing immigrants
and beating up on Mexico and building
the wall that's his go-to thing
basically which is a better scenario
that
doesn't know the policy or that he's
lying about it I don't know that either
one of those is any good you know cuz I
worry I don't doubt that he could be
lying about it he lies about a lot of
things so perhaps he is lying about it
but it worries me that if he really
doesn't know the policy what does that
say about this president going and
meeting with Kim jong-un and trying to
negotiate North Korean denuclearization
if he's that careless about basic facts
on major policy the Democrats blow
although leverage by not demanding that
a docking deal be inserted into the
omnibus bill I don't think so I think
that will still have some leverage you
know obviously it was a missed
opportunity I voted no on the Omnibus
both because it gave up about 1.6
billion dollars of border wall funding
or fencing and got absolutely nothing
for the dreamers or for daca solution so
I don't think we're completely out of
leverage but you're right look what
honestly they're gonna be very few
instances between now and November
whereas the minority party in both
chambers of Congress you have any
leverage on this issue or on other
issues
well Congress even debate immigration
this year I hope so many of us are
pushing as hard as we can to help make
that happen I think honestly if there's
a sweet spot
it is perhaps after many of the
Republican primaries have passed and now
you have many folks in the Republican
Party members of Congress who feel like
they're safe from any kind of primary
challenge and they can now focus on the
November general election that to me
sometime after about June or July is
probably the sweet spot what do you
think it's gonna happen if Donald Trump
tries to withdraw from NAFTA well it
would be devastating for a lot of states
including my home state of Texas Texas
does the most trade of any state in the
nation it would also be harmful to
things like the agriculture industry in
the United States and so it would be
devastating to a large sector of our
economy
Democratic congressman Joaquin Castro of
Texas congressman thank you very much
thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
you
