this hidden video scandal rocking
Trump's digital firm is doing a Facebook
what years of reporting and criticism
have not its hammering the company's
value on Wall Street and finally
pressing the US Congress to press Mark
Zuckerberg it's also driving new leaks
from inside Facebook tonight there's
this leaked memo that shows a top
executive saying the company must pursue
profitable connectivity even if it costs
a life or enables terrorism organized on
Facebook meanwhile the feds are probing
the site
state prosecutors allow another country
as well so where do we go from here
Facebook isn't going away it's the
backbone of a large part of the Internet
it's the identity platform that
thousands of other sites used to
authenticate visitors it's also of
course the social and media juggernaut
it's part of our economy and it's
clearly part of our democracy Facebook
can improve but so far most of what this
company's management has done shows it
is not not trying to improve the
fundamental process in the fundamental
way it operates or address the conflict
in its business model that uses and
abuses customers this is something we've
reported on the beat the conflict means
the joke is still on us because anyone
who uses Facebook is basically opting
into this problem Stephen Colbert put it
succinctly it's less like they're a bank
that got robbed at gunpoint and more
like a bank that just gave bank robbers
your money because that's their business
model it was that business model that
led Facebook to sit and do nothing about
this data breach
now it's apologizing for it but they
knew for years about this problem with
Trump's digital firm the only thing that
changed lately is they got caught and
they lost eighty billion dollars as
occurr Berg knows when companies mean
business they work in person they send
their CEO to prioritize issues that's
something he still has not done with the
US Congress about this data issue or the
2016 election meddling but you see right
here that's his lawyer speaking to
Congress but it was himself Mark
Zuckerberg that may
time to dress up and meet with Vladimir
Putin's deputy in Russia to help keep
Facebook popular there he told them it
was an honor if we take social networks
they have become extremely popular and
thanks including to Facebook law it's an
honor to be here so thank you for for
having me an honor that nice Kremlin
handshake again what you see on your
screen there is not something Zuckerberg
has found the time to do yet he says he
will soon face the US Congress now that
was 2012 within four years Russian
operatives were of course using Facebook
to meddle in our elections Russian as
viewed by over a hundred million
Americans Bob Muller has indicted
Russians for using Facebook to
impersonate Americans and staged events
on the ground in our country
Facebook's current bungled response to
the data breach echos Zuckerberg
initiative ayk news which thrived on the
site as well as people who use the site
to practice racial housing
discrimination those are some of the
controversies we've covered where
Facebook would claim basically it wanted
to stop this bad thing that have just
discovered but compare that to this new
memo leaking tonight which is written by
a senior executive admitting a quote
ugly truth that anything that connects
people on the site is the goal even if
lives are lost that's the mentality of
the company and fake news was never a
bug for Facebook it was a feature
because it was popular and popular means
profitable it was only the blowback in
the press or from users or ultimately
government regulation that can deal with
that kind of motive
now regulations can be pro or anti
freedom Facebook famously censors speech
in Turkey it was busted for looking into
developing a censorship tool that would
please the Chinese government Zuckerberg
has been eyeing that large profitable
Chinese market for some time
 you jumbo homestead ding-dong
Zuckerberg will do all kind of things to
connect that's their big word to compete
to win as you just saw there it'll
huddle with the Kremlin it'll innovate
censorship for Chinese authoritarianism
so keep that impro CH in mind I'm
showing you this for a reason when you
then hear Mark Zuckerberg claim that the
company actually has some kind of
universal values that will protect your
rights on the site the person who's
putting the content on Facebook always
owns the information so just to be clear
you're not going to sell or share any of
the information on Facebook what the
term say is just we're not going to
share people's information except for
with the people that they've asked for
it to be shared except for the people
that have asked for it to be shared well
obviously nobody asked for this data
breach by Trump's digital firm that's
been rocking the company nobody asked
for that nobody wanted that and as I say
and I can't say it enough the company
knew about that for a long time knew
that nobody asked for it that's why it's
a breach consider that other tech
leaders have cautioned that the asking
of customers only counts if you don't
trick them if you don't lie to them you
have to ask them in plain English you
have to get real consent that's a point
Zuckerberg competitors at Apple have
stressed privacy means people know what
they're signing up for in plain English
and repeatedly ask them ask them every
time make them tell you to stop asking
them if they get tired of you're asking
them if our customer was our product we
could make a ton of money we've elected
not to do that privacy it to us is a
human right an investigators say
Facebook hasn't respected the human
right of privacy the Federal Trade
Commission had sued Facebook for failing
on privacy pledges after apps could
access nearly all of users personal data
including things they didn't even need
quote unquote Facebook also sharing
users personal information
with advertisers and when that whole
scandal brewed again this week scandals
not the first one
what Zuckerberg did that time was he
responded by trying to turn the tables
on other companies if you look at
companies whether it's Google or Yahoo
or Microsoft right that have search
engines and an ad networks they also
have a huge amount of information about
you it's just that they're collecting
that about you 100 back likely way more
information than then people are sharing
on Facebook about themselves I think
it's it's just less transparency like
what's happened it's just it's just less
transparent again the data breach two
years no transparency now there are
counter arguments here and they
especially come from people who think
don't bother being on Facebook they say
look if you post your stuff your
information there you might as well
expect it it'll be shared leaked or
abused well if you think that note that
Facebook's activities go way beyond just
sharing that data consider this Facebook
use secret social engineering to
manipulate users emotions in 2014 it
showed half a million or more users
positive or negative stories in an
artificial way to then see if it would
make those users more happy or more
upset and depressed the so-called
experiment asked if emotional states can
be transferred to others with that
artificial experiment and they found it
did so that Facebook could make hundreds
of thousands of people sad just by
showing them a certain kind of negative
information in their feet it would be
like if on the news instead of showing
you what's happening in the world or
maybe what we think is important we just
artificially showed you strictly
terrible things to test whether it made
you sad or this is powerful stuff it's
scary it's exactly the kind of
psychological manipulation that Trump's
digital firm has been marketing and yes
the firm used Facebook data and yes Bob
Muller is now probing all of that so my
argument to you tonight would be this
goes way beyond whether some of your
favorite movies that you put on Facebook
are known to advertisers this is going
to our democracy itself
and that's why Mark Zuckerberg professed
surprise that impacting elections is
also so hollow back in 2012 there were
reports on Facebook's growing power to
shape who votes a company also touts its
own political impact to campaigns and
advertisers all over the world and
whistleblowers have shown how Facebook
knew about these problems while it slept
on them we definitely didn't realize the
gravity of this issue sooner that's a
whistleblower laying out the case versus
a Facebook executive again claiming
they're always surprised when these
things happen I want to show you another
contrast Zuckerberg new tune to what
insiders say is happening we have a
basic responsibility to protect people's
data and if we can't do that then we
don't deserve to have the opportunity to
serve people so our responsibility now
is to make sure this doesn't happen
again to be honest this feels more like
a PR effort than you know any sort of
general attempt to fix the issue they
proactively
tried to intimidate the Guardian and the
New York Times last week by threatening
to sue them if they release this story
that's the Cambridge whistleblower
talking about how Facebook's first
response was not to own up to the data
breach but to try to stop public reports
of it now let's look at one key part of
Zuckerberg big PR tour he now claims to
be open to the exact regulation that his
company has been lobbying against and I
gotta say to mark this one takes a lot
of hutzpah I actually am Not sure we
shouldn't be regulated there were things
like ads transparency regulation that
that I would love to see what if you
look at you know how much regulation
there is around advertising on TV and
print you know just not clear why there
should be less on the internet he's
referring to regulation
no of political ads online which
Facebook lobbied against Facebook paying
lobbyists to kill the regulation they
argued that telling customers who funded
a political ad was a bad idea because
the ads were too small so the thing you
just heard Zuckerberg say that's what he
was spending through ten million dollars
on 10 different 11 different lobbying
firms to kill that and other kinds of
regulation when Mark Zuckerberg says
he's not sure that Facebook should not
be regulated that's apparently Facebook
speak for he is sure because he spent 10
million to stop it when Mark Zuckerberg
says the company cares about this breach
remember it didn't care or do anything
until it was busted and while Facebook
touts its impact on media and users and
democracy itself when it pitches its
products its Zuckerberg who infamously
played so dumb when presented with the
idea that fake news impacts people a
tune he's only recently begun to change
personally I think the the idea that you
know fake news on Facebook of which you
know it's a it's a very small amount of
the content influence the election in
any way I think is a pretty crazy idea
I'm sure someone's trying right and I'm
sure that there's you know v2 of version
two of whatever the the Russian effort
was in 2016 I'm sure they're working on
that and they're gonna be some new
tactics that we need to make sure that
we observe and get in front of now Mark
Zuckerberg is sure someone is trying to
misuse his site to affect the future
election we're just not sure mark if
you're trying
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
