here's the three firth the president
just put out on Twitter Mexico has the
absolute power not to let these large
caravans of people enter their country
they must stop them at the northern
border which they can do because their
border laws work not allow them to pass
through into our country which has no
effective border laws Congress must
immediately pass border legislation
use nuclear option if necessary to stop
the massive inflow of drugs and people
wait wait wait Border Patrol agents and
ice are great but the weak dem laws
don't allow them to do their job act now
Congress our country is being stolen and
finally daca is dead because the
Democrats didn't care or act and now
everyone wants to get onto the daca
bandwagon no longer works must build
wall and secure our borders with proper
border legislation Democrats want no
borders
hence drugs and crime so what that is
it's very joe yeah no I mean it's it's
very obvious that we will discuss what
the colors three tweets historians will
look at those three tweets and they will
label them ode to an Coulter because Ann
Coulter is abandoned it Donald Trump and
also these news is is talking about
Caravan the same show one of the kids on
the day of their March just ripped them
to shreds saying they didn't know what
they were talking about no thank you
for what you have to say the same show
that covered the marches in
Charlottesville and thought that it was
a proper Avoca of emotion to watch those
marches but found that marches when they
are young people are ineffective
unnecessary and network but but no but
now again Donald Trump is always proven
that he is terrified of his hard hard
right base and Coulter's been insulting
him because he won't build the mighty
wall conservatives have been attacked
him and saying he was going to be
impeached and he was going to lose
because of the 1.3 pork-barrel omnibus
bill Jim Zoey that's just Donald Trump
throwing red meat out there because
right now a lot it can hard right
not conservatives whatever you would
call them or or attacking them yeah I
guess the tweets are pretty much the
upside of the Trump presidency if you're
a you know immigration Hawk for example
that's what Ann Coulter said recently in
an interview she said you know I liked
the tweets that's why I was giving him a
positive review hoping that the policy
would follow president has had an
opportunity to get his wall at least a
lot of it from Congress and he has been
unable to negotiate that compromise deal
he even had the prospect of getting
Mexico to pay for it and sort of a
roundabout fashion with the imposition
of a border adjustment tax and that
wasn't satisfactory to this White House
they have moved on from this wall at
every opportunity and there's not a lot
of appetite for a giant boondoggle on
the southern border among Republicans in
Congress so if you're going to get it
you were probably going to get it last
year I'm not sure that this thing again
for the same reason we said before me
kid because it's not the crisis that it
was when George W Bush was president
that actually the numbers have dropped
precipitously and Donald Trump even said
so himself so if you want to say that's
fake news attack Donald Trump because
he's been running around giving speeches
and having White House ceremonies where
he's talked about how the border
crossings have rapidly declined all
right Philip Rucker and Daniel Dresner
thank you both hey Dan go go Sox yeah
let's start the three in one man okay
still ahead on Morning Joe the man who
investigated former President Clinton's
relationship with Monica Lewinsky
is weighing in on stormy Daniels
allegations against Donald Trump what
former whitewater Independent Counsel
Ken Starr has to say about the
president's porn star scandal plus the
White House says David Chilton Shulkin
resigned but David Shulkin says that's
not true how the semantics could set up
a fight over who should succeed as VA
secretary thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the days
biggest stories and you can click on any
of the videos around us to watch more 4
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
