how could you have voted through us
roseann he talked about jobs Jackie
he said he shake things up I mean this
might come as a complete shock to you
but we almost lost our house the way
things are gone have you looked at the
news cuz now things are worse not on the
real news that was earlier this week you
may be a watched it you've probably
heard a lot about it a lot of people
watched it how many over 20 million rows
in the revival 20 years after the first
time around they brought it back a
network television sitcom with an
audience of over 20 million people that
is an astounding number network
television doesn't get numbers like that
anymore and it caused quite a bit of
stir in politics because as you just saw
there the show was very political and
the audience appeal this is the
interesting part the audience appeal for
this
it was Trump's America the top markets
this got a lot of attention this week
for this show the top markets
look at this Pittsburgh the Pittsburgh
area you know that was the heart of
Trump country in Pennsylvania Tulsa
Oklahoma Kansas City Detroit Chicago
Cincinnati Dayton st. Louis Oklahoma
City Buffalo these are the top markets
where the rating was the highest look at
this you know Philadelphia was number 12
New York all the way down at 31 LA at 38
this was not a show in the major coastal
population centers that popped that much
in the ratings but boy in these other
places it did the interesting thing here
is to if you look back to when Roseanne
first came on the air 30 years ago we
dug this up it was the same story really
back then
Tulsa was the top market for Roseanne
when it came on the air 30 years ago it
was number 2 this time around Houston
was up there here's an interesting one
Seattle and Tacoma that area has changed
demographically in the last 30 years it
was up there in 88 it's nowhere to be
seen now but Buffalo Scranton Knoxville
Detroit Cleveland Albuquerque these are
the kinds of markets it scored in 30
years later so Rosina has always had
that sort of if you want to call it
middle american appeal what you would
now call red state appeal but the
difference is of course 30 years later
Donald Trump is president in this show
at least in that first go-around seemed
to connect with those folks with a main
character who supports Trump with an
actress who publicly supports Trump
in questions here going forward who's
gonna keep watching is it gonna grow in
these areas is it gonna shrink in other
areas Roseanne
if you needed any more proof how
political it got well the President
himself he was talking about it this
week even look at Rosa and I called her
yesterday
look at her ratings look at her and they
were unbelievable over 18 million people
and it was about us they haven't figured
it out the fake news hasn't quite
figured it out yet and joining us on the
set now a New York Times reporter trip
Gabriel Matt Welch is back with us a
trip I'll start with you there's a big
debate there about what these ratings
mean I mean look the simplest answer is
I think it was a lot of people would
agree it was a funny show this funny the
last time around it was funny this time
around but it did connect with the part
of the country that normally these sort
of hit television shows don't connect
with and it connected with messages at
least from the Roseanne character about
Trump that you're not hearing in a lot
of other places no I think that's
absolutely right Steve and you know one
of the interesting things is a lot of
network television lately has the last
few years has been about diversity and
underrepresented populations and I think
a lot of people responded to this show
in the markets that you just highlighted
because it was about representation they
were seeing a shabby couch they were
seeing you know the working-class people
who are you know splitting the pills
that they get they can't afford their
pills they're you know working
employment are big issues so I think
just seen oneself on camera you know
drives a lot of that briefings but what
do you make of Lee I thought so two
things we've had we had this
conversation early this week but I think
that a lot of this is also driven by the
fact that one of the things that Donald
Trump seized upon in the 2016 campaign
was a very particular sense of nostalgia
and I think that that seemed nostalgia
plays in two ways with with the Roseanne
real revival first is that simply it's a
revival is very popular show back when I
first debuted back in the 80s and 90s
and in so it's not surprising the people
who feel nostalgic for it as I do with
other TV shows but secondarily was also
very nostalgic for the same sorts of
things that Trump was that was
expressing nostalgia for that seems sort
of sense of an America that has passed
after we had a conversation earliest we
come back and looked at the numbers
actually in terms of what a change it's
it's it's theoretically set on the town
of Elgin Illinois and one of the things
that's fascinating is that the first
episode was very political answer a lot
of tension that I don't recall from the
earlier show but one of the things that
happened in Elgin it's in two counties
Cooke and Kane both of those became
extremely democratic they'd be much more
democratic counties between 88 and 2016
while the counties that surround it
became slightly more Republican even
more Republican but not to the same
extent and I think that that divide that
we see just in those two counties where
Elgin is is reflected in the difference
that we see in Rose Ann as well in to
connect this to politics to the world of
Rose Ann you're saying Elgin Illinois I
know that was it this is we get into a
really weeds II thing about where in
Illinois this town is supposed to be
because they gave some clues that also
placed it out Square but where it is it
nationally when we're talking about
politics is it is in the heart of that
sort of we talked all the time about non
college whites whites men without
college degrees blue collar whites who
turned out and voted for Trump at the
margin was 40 points in the exit poll
very interesting thing that came out
this week there's been some some study
done post-election
about what we saw in the exit polls and
and what was actually the reality on
Election Day and here's the thing look
at this the data you see on the right
there's some reason to think this might
be a little more reliable than what we
got in the exit polls this is the share
of the electorate that is non college
white working-class white and look at
that
the study that has been done now since
the election shows it was probably a lot
higher significantly higher than we
thought it was an election day and so
you play that out look we already
thought non-college way there was this
surge folks a lot of them had
traditionally voted Democratic hadn't
voted before there was something about
Trump maybe there was something about
Hillary Clinton that didn't sit well
with them and got them to turnout and
there may be more of them that's the
upshot and it's also left a lot of
things have changed since then but so
his media right a Politico did a really
great story one year ago Jack Sheaffer
they measured all of the reporters in
the country and they found something
really startling between 2008 and 2016
the the percentage of working reporters
who lived in places that Hillary Clinton
won by or the Democrat won by 30
percentage points or more was like 32
percent
eight years six years eight years later
it's 51% reporters as they've been
losing reporters in newsrooms covering
state houses local reporting is
shrinking everyone's moving to New York
right my neighborhood vote 92% for
Hillary Clinton I might think that I
live outside of the bubble but I live
right inside of the bubble right just
like the Saturday Night Live skit so as
we have as our culture is being created
by people who live in massive bubbles
anything that's from outside of that has
a pretty good betting chance to take
advantage of a market inefficiency as we
say baseball and other things right so
if you are actually representing a part
of the country that is ignored or
sneered at you got a puncher's chance in
trip you spent some time in in
Pennsylvania and we all know
Pennsylvania and its significance in
2016 and obviously its significance
going forward I'm interested though in
what Matt was just talking about there
because I think the culture the media
whatever you want to call that folks
absorb around the country is very
different now than it was a generation
or two ago because of exactly what he's
describing which is more and more media
is centered in these major coastal areas
and the local newspaper is going out of
business the local newspaper is 12 pages
now the local newspaper is filled with
wire copy and and that's about it and he
used to be this this much more sort of
vibrant center almost of civic activity
when you're on the ground out there in
Pennsylvania what does that feel like
well it's very true and the way it you
know it's it's it's saddest losses for
coverage of Harrisburg you know state
state capitals Richmond Virginia Richard
has a pretty good press car actually but
a lot of the state capitals are under
covered but in terms of national
campaigns and what we're gonna see the
midterms these races willy nilly are
nationalized so I was in the 18th
district in Pennsylvania which recently
had a special election and the the media
coverage is basically it's paid
advertising it's a barrage of
advertising from a lot of outside groups
so we're gonna obviously see a ton of
that in the midterm elections and that's
you know that's the framework that
voters are hearing and they actually
rejected that framework in southwest
Pennsylvania this most recent special
election the Democratic outside groups
were you know played it pretty cool they
did not put a lot of money into
advertising and that in
election and so Connor Lam the Democrat
who won you know in a very unlikely
district was able to define himself
without the the you know the spin and
the and the framing of the the national
group so I think we're gonna see a lot
more of that too and that's Alexi that's
an interesting point too because there's
been this this debate I've been watching
and seeing within the Democratic Party
about the two questions one whether to
do some sort of major outreach to these
sort of non college white working-class
white voters we're talking about and
then if if you're going to do that how
should you go about that and it's some
folks I hear say hey this is just a lost
cause for Democrats others say hey look
just four years before Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama did well enough with the
blue-collar White's to win Pennsylvania
to win Michigan to win Wisconsin not
even close really in in in those states
so what are you sense within the
Democratic Party about that challenge is
that's something that that just pick a
new nominee in 2020 the problem can take
care of itself so I've actually reported
a lot on this recently trying to figure
out what Democratic candidates are being
advised to do in 2018 and the d-triple-c
the DNC these different campaign arms
even progressive groups like Priorities
USA are encouraging Democrats to sort of
show a willingness to work with Trump to
appeal to more moderate voters they're
encouraging them to talk about how the
economy is improving but not necessarily
give Trump or Republicans too much
credit for that they're encouraging them
to talk about economic issues on health
care which I reported on today for Axios
so they're certainly thinking about
these things moving forward and I think
we can continue to see them prioritizing
publicly when campaigning working-class
voters issues but I think one thing that
Democrats and Republicans both need to
think about is that when we talk about
the American working class we're usually
only talking about white people and the
American working class looks like me
right it looks like my dad it looks like
people from all different backgrounds
and races and ethnicities and when I
talked to Democratic aides on the hill
they privately complained to me about
how they think the Democratic Party's
largest problem is the fact that they're
ignoring minority voters and so I think
while they need to certainly prioritize
issues that matter to working-class
members they need to think about how
that encompasses all people not just
white working-class voters yeah that is
exactly the the debate and the
discussion I've been hearing within
Democratic Party and it's a fascinating
one do you do you do you double down
sort of on a strategy of trying to win
back non-college White's or do you say
you know what we can expand the tent in
different ways and can you do both or is
it a choice between one or the other
seen a lot of different opinions on that
it's a discussion obviously it's gonna
keep going for a while but Matt Welsh
thank you for stopping by being a part
of this tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
