this has been practice of the United
States government the purpose is to
determine individuals that are here it
also helps to comply with the Voting
Rights Act without that information it's
hard to make those determinations and
that information needs to be gathered
and it has been part of the United
States Census every time we've had a
census since 1965 with the one exception
of the 2010 census this week Donald
Trump's Commerce Department announced
that it will add a question about
citizenship to the 2020 census that
question which would actually be the
first of its kind since 1950 raises
concerns that it could result in
undercounts in some immigrant
communities many immigrants particularly
those who are undocumented might avoid
participating in a census that asks
about citizenship and so might
mixed-status families since this data is
used to draw districts and distribute
billions of dollars in federal resources
to the states California has already
sued over this question at at least a
dozen other states including New York
are poised to follow suit and joining me
now is our Ari Berman senior reporter at
Mother Jones and Curt bard Ella former
Breitbart media consultant and REO start
with you so decennial the Census dekenia
meaning it's every 10 years
so when Sarah Huckabee Sanders came out
and said well we're just going back to
the way that we did it in 1965 she named
a year that was not dekenia right so
that it couldn't be true what she was
saying
so in fact we know that the
administration outright lied about the
reason they were doing it they also
claimed that the reason they want to add
the citizenship question is because of
the Voting Rights Act
can you please unpack whether that makes
any more sense than the non dekenia
explanation no it's a total farce this
information is not needed to enforce the
Voting Rights Act and it's completely
laughable that the Trump administration
of all people suddenly has an interest
in enforcing the Voting Rights Act when
they haven't filed a single lawsuit to
enforce the Voting Rights Act when they
formed a commission with the intent of
suppressing votes when they have rolled
back every single civil rights law in
the country suddenly they're interested
in enforcing the Voting Rights Act and
this is such a big deal because as you
said in your open
the census forms the basis for so much
we do in our democracy it really is the
DNA of our democracy so if the census is
rigged if the census is corrupted all of
American democracy is corrupted as a
result yeah absolutely let's listen to
Vanita Gupta who is a leader of the
Leadership Conference on civil rights
she used to be the Deputy Attorney
General over the Civil Rights Division
of the Justice Department so she does
know of what she speaks she was on
Rachel Maddow Show on Tuesday this is
what she had to say Jeff Sessions has
been no champion of civil rights and has
indeed called the Voting Rights Act an
intrusion and so to say it suddenly that
Jeff Sessions Justice Department has
found religion on the Voting Rights Act
and that is the basis for this I think
really is laughable and what they had
the decision to add a citizenship
question that was made yesterday by
secretary Ross in effect weaponizing the
census for the kind of nativist partisan
agenda that Donald Trump and Jeff
Sessions have been promoting the Trump
administration is purposely setting the
census up to ensure in this kind of
context depression of participation of
certain vulnerable communities and
already you mean do you concur with that
I'm assuming that there is some other
motivation here yeah I think there's two
motivations the first motivation is to
massively suppress responses from
immigrant groups so that areas with lots
of immigrants like New York and
California have less political
representation less economic resources
I think longer-term what the Republican
Party wants to do though is they want to
draw districts based on citizenship
rather than total population which is
how it's always been done
you-you'd count everyone when it comes
to drawing district and the Supreme
Court just two years ago said that
that's how you do it now they want to
radically change that so what they're
doing in the face of massive demographic
change is they're trying to rig the
census to protect the Republican Party's
power and this is so corrosive
because by rigging the census they're
gonna rigged all of democracy everything
is going to be affected by the way
there's gonna be some collateral damage
to Republicans too there's a whole lot
of Republicans in Florida and Texas and
Arizona Nevada and states with lots of
immigrants they're going to suffer as
yeah if one would recall the
three-fifths compromise it was about the
census it was about how you
all of the persons even those who were
at the time considered property and they
were all counted because that's the way
the census was built let's go to you
Kurt are you for it by the way I'll
should mention that Eric Holder former
attorney general Vinita Gupta's former
boss has said that he will participate
in a lawsuit try to block the
citizenship question so there's a lot of
litigation to come on this Curt you
wrote a piece I believe in USA Today and
you the headline of it is Republicans
protected the census against Obama power
grab now that will they stop Donald
Trump explain so back in 2009 the early
Obama administration wanted to move the
census director to report directly to
rahm emanuel the chief of staff in the
White House at the time Republicans and
particularly Oversight Committee
Republicans blasted the move called it a
blatant politicize said it was
unprecedented called it shameful and
what ended up happening was the nominee
for Commerce Secretary senator Judd
Gregg actually withdrew his nomination
over the issue the White House decided
not to go through with it later on when
the RNC actually tried to politicize the
census by sending out deceptive mail
pieces that look like the census to try
to get people to open their mail and
contribute to their fundraising
Republicans worked with Democrats to
pass legislation to make that practice
illegal Republicans have a long history
here of defending the census moving past
even politics even legislating against
the Republican National Committee when
they thought that the pollution was
happening that's how important the
census is it's about how we count
ourselves every single person needs to
be counted Republicans passed resolution
saying that exact language every person
needs to be counted 50 Republicans
co-sponsored that resolution back before
the 2010 decennial census here we are
now a decade later Donald Trump is
making the most overt politicizing to
deliberately undercount minority
populations because Republicans and
Donald Trump are losing with those
populations they want to suppress those
voices where are the Republicans now
well you know Kurt there is another
history here I mean I can recall back up
before the 2010 census eric erickson who
at the time was a head of redstate.com
saying that he would have a gun ready
for anyone who tried to come to his home
as a census taker and there was this
huge outcry on the far right against the
census because they were claiming even
then
that there was some attempt to over
count minorities or to racialize somehow
the census what do you make of this sort
of long-standing desire to either game
or really oppose the idea of counting us
up based on who all is here well you
know what we've seen the least
politically is that with minority
populations Republicans are losing them
and the demographics are against them
and they realize that in the long run if
you play this out that they're
essentially an endangered species the
way that they've been going you couple
that with the alarmingly escalation of
rhetoric from Donald Trump about
minorities in this in this country and
how he's referred to Mexicans coming to
America as rapist how he's referred to
immigrants from other countries as you
know shithole countries and you couple
that with this new move now to to change
the census for the first time in 70
years you can only draw one conclusion
that's Republicans do not want to count
minorities because they know politically
macum extinct yeah and and you know re
when you have Wilbur Ross saying that he
gave in to the idea of doing what he
thought was a not-so-great idea in the
beginning and that the idea came to him
from Jeff Sessions who is known to be
nativist who Coretta Scott King said
should not ever get on to a federal
court because of his racial views and
his views toward voting rights towards
civil rights how alarmed should we be
that this is coming out of the mind of
Jeff Sessions incredibly alarmed what
the administration is doing is they're
turning the census a constitutionally
mandated activity into a weapon of voter
suppression into a weapon of nativists
resentment and they're taking one of the
most important things that we've done in
this country since 1790 which is to
accurately count every person in America
and they're saying no instead we're
going to count some people and not
others and remember joy the 2010 census
missed 1.5 million people of color
meaning those people got fewer economic
resources less political representation
than that deserves by not being counted
and now that undercounts gonna be so
much bigger I was just in California for
Mother Jones for a feature article about
what immigrants are thinking about the
census and this was before the
citizenship question was added but I
asked them would you respond to the
census if you were asked about US
citizenship and unanimously they told me
no there's an impressive climate of fear
in this country with regards to
immigration because of Muslim bans
because of ice raids because of all the
people are already afraid of Donald
Trump and now Donald Trump's gonna ask
them are you a citizen on the question
nobody's gonna want to answer that
question so the whole census is gonna be
corrupted as a result of this one
question and that's gonna affect every
aspect of American democracy and yet
Kurt we know that there are some on the
right this sort of quote alt-right who
would love to have this change be that
we only apportion resources based on
who's a citizen and not based on who's
actually in the state well and even more
than I think that they would love to
weaponize a list that tells people who's
here and who's not supposed to be here
through citizenship and I think there's
a very real concern what this
administration would do with a list like
that especially in the backdrop of the
dreamers the Muslim ban and daca there's
nothing to stop this administration from
overstepping their authority and using
that list right into poor people to try
to break families up to try to weaponize
it and attack immigrants and minority
families and I think that's a that will
ultimately lead to people not
participating in the census it will lead
to an undercount minorities in the
population resources will not be a
portion correctly representation will be
decided differently this will have a
cascading effect that will far outlast
this president yeah absolutely that
census information in the hands of Isis
precisely why people would be so afraid
to answer the census
if citizenship is added Ari Berman has
done such great work on this read his
piece of Mother Jones it's excellent and
Kurt Bart della read his piece in USA
Today and also write to the database pro
tunc from time to time thank you very
much both of you and thank happy
Holliday
both Passover and eastern coming up at
the top of the hour Martin Luther King
the third discusses his father's legacy
and the ongoing debate over police
brutality up next more am joy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
