if President Trump today called you and
said you've been a thorn in my side this
is annoying to me I have bigger business
that I'd like to move on to how much do
you want I'll write you a check a number
that would allow him to continue to hide
the truth is that the question yeah for
you to go away no number no no amount of
money we're gonna get to the bottom of
this my clients committed to it I'm
committed to it this really isn't about
the money
good morning and welcome to am joy
Donald Trump loves to attack people
black athletes black congresswoman women
whose looks he has a problem with
Mexican immigrants but there are two
people who so far Trump will not attack
not ever stormy Daniels and Vladimir
Putin now we're gonna get to Putin later
on in the show but first what's clear
about stormy Daniels the adult film
actress who says she was paid a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars in hush
money to keep quiet about an alleged
affair with Trump is that she's not
going anywhere anytime soon Daniels real
name Stephanie Clifford shared parts of
her story last Sunday on 60 minutes
including details about spanking the
reality TV star turned president with a
rolled-up magazine with pictures of
Trump and two of his adult children on
the cover after he dropped trou and
stripped down to his underwear and of
not actually being physically attracted
to Trump despite giving into the then 60
year-olds sexual advances now we don't
know whether Donald Trump was among the
22 million viewers who tuned in to hear
stormy Daniels tale he was at his Mara
Lago resort again perhaps golfing again
and there were no TV rants no whacky
nicknames for me not even a tweet in
fact for more than two months
Trump has studiously avoided any mention
of stormy Daniels which is a lot for a
man who's incapable of keeping his
unfiltered bid under wraps so why the
silence what is it that stormy Daniels
has over Donald Trump and could she and
her very clever attorney soon forced
Trump to break that silence joining me
now is MSNBC legal analyst Katie Fang
Joe Coniston editor-in-chief of the
national memo and civil rights attorney
Lisa bloom
you all for being here and I want to
start with you Katie
just this morning Michael avenatti
tweeted and reinforced what he said on
CNN of what he said in multiple
interviews that there is literally no
number be clear we will never accept any
settlement regardless of the amount of
money that does not include mr. Cohen
and mr. Trump coming 100 percent meaning
100% clean with the American people
people that say this is about the money
haven't been paying attention
hashtag search for the truth hashtag
basta which has been his tagline this is
a case that we already know that stormy
Daniel Stephanie clipper took a
relatively low amount of money it really
weird odd amount of money one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars when she in
theory could have sold that story for a
lot more right before the election what
does it say to you that her attorney
Michael avenatti is now saying there is
no amount of money that she would take
that would substitute for having Donald
Trump admit that they had this tryst
I think avenatti and his client are
doubling down I think they're basically
saying we're searching for truth
integrity and the truth will set
everyone free at this point so if he's
saying that they will not accept a
single dollar or a single amount of
money that will make her once again shut
up and be held silent then I think that
really bolsters her credibility I mean
everybody talks about the fact that
she's quote just a porn star and they
say it with derision and yet this porn
star as you duly noted has kept the
president silent and this porn star has
basically ruined in terms of the legal
proficiency or competency tons of
lawyers because we're all now hyper
scrutinizing how these filings have been
done what's been said Michael Cohen's
lawyer the other day David Schwartz goes
on CNN and he basically says that Trump
was never a part of this deal I mean
it's just kind of insane in terms of the
buffoonery that's been happening but I
do think that this tweet by Michael
avenatti just reinforces that if the
truth comes out and frankly joys and
that's just the reality
if Trump it just at the very beginning
had said yeah I had sex with the porn
star twelve years ago I heard a lot of
people who just shrugged like they do
now but now they'd have a nod he's
saying we're not gonna take a penny to
keep my client silent once again again I
think it helps the integrity of the
lawsuit absolutely and I'm gonna come to
that not just admitting it in a minute
with Joe but I want to first go to Lisa
blue
because there's been some interesting
sort of aspects to what Michel Cohen's
lawyer has said as Katie fake just
alluded to this is a tweet by federal
former federal prosecutor Renato
Mariotti who she mentions running for
office in Illinois on Wednesday michael
comas attorney just claimed on out front
CNN that Trump was not aware of the
stormy Daniels agreement or the payment
which means there was no contract
between Trump and Daniels and Daniel's
can release the materials why then it
admitted on national television I want
to talk about the materials with you it
really quickly Lisa bloom there was a
tweet that was a tweet storm that sort
of flowed off of the Mariotti tweet that
I would got very interested in on
Twitter and it's by a law professor who
talked about the materials the product
that's bandied about in the agreement
between Trump and this LLC and the
question that this attorney is raising
about whether or not the low number that
stormy Daniels took is potentially
because she was concerned or maybe made
to feel concerned that if she released
photos text messages information that
proved she had this relationship with
Donald Trump that she could then be
prosecuted under revenge porn laws that
they may have threatened her with
something like that does that sound does
that sound like it makes any sense to
you well certainly if you release
explicit photos of somebody without
their permission regardless of how you
got them that is revenge porn and that's
criminal here in California and in many
other places but I have a different
theory and my theory is that that stuff
is a bluff and that she doesn't really
have anything and I'll tell you why I
think that because in 2011 she was
shopping the story and frankly nobody
seemed particularly interested except in
Touch magazine which did do the
interview and ultimately killed it it's
since been released I think she would
have sold that stuff at that time it
would have tended to corroborate the
story then in 2016 again she's trying to
sell the story and every outlet would
have asked what do you have what kind of
corroboration do you have and that would
have been part of the sale and if she
had materials they also would have been
turned over as part of the agreement
with Trump and Cohen so I think the
photo of that disc is the kind of bluff
that Donald Trump did with James Comey
you know he
make sure that I don't have the tapes
right I think they're bluffing Trump and
I think it's working beautifully I think
it's a brilliant move and also tell you
why Trump cannot talk about storing me
Danielle's because he will immediately
get sued for defamation if he does any
kind of denial and in fact avenatti has
already sued Cohen for his denial so
Trump is really in a trap here
interesting interesting alternate
theories being put forward by Lisa bloom
I love it let's go to Joe Connaughton
because Katie Fang mentioned this
question of why not just admit it and
the last time that we heard that why not
just cop to it instead of lying about it
was of course in the case of one William
Jefferson Clinton who wound up being
impeached ostensibly it started out over
whitewater and some land deals and wound
up talking about an affair in between
those was a woman named Paula Jones who
had accused Bill Clinton of sexual
harassment we now have the current
attorney for stormy Daniel saying she
wish that they would like to depose
Donald Trump a judge has denied so far
the requested oppose Donald Trump but
that might be temporary it has been
refiled this motion that Michael
avenatti has refile the motion to depose
donald trump the president that they are
citing is the paula jones precedent and
here is michael avenatti talking about
that precedent the paula jones precedent
take a listen
you mentioned Clinton versus Paula Jones
in your motion why is that relevant well
it's the Supreme Court precedent the
Supreme Court already decided that a
sitting president could be deposed in
connection with a civil matter and if
that was the law then it certainly has
is the law now it hasn't been overturned
joke honest an author of the hunting of
the president which is a deep dive into
the attempt to take down Bill Clinton
over sexual alleged sexual indiscretions
are we right back where we were before
of people saying why doesn't Trump just
admit it rather than submit himself to a
deposition that would be made public
well joy there are a lot of parallels
not everything is parallel but there's a
frightening parallel I think for Trump
where the stormy Daniels case and this
law these lawsuits multiple lawsuits
that are emerging now could somehow
converge with the Moller investigation
which is what happened to Clinton you
know the Paula Jones case which was a
civil case
as you know the Supreme Court decided 9
to nothing that that case could go
forward while he was president
eventually found its way into the hands
of Ken Starr than the Independent
Counsel and you know our our book goes
into the details of how that happened
there was you could say collusion
between the Jones lawyers and and
Starr's office or certainly evidence of
that but that matters a lot less than
the fact that there are a lot of
circumstances here that could lead to
president Trump being deposed I don't
think they'd have a legal leg to try to
say that the case cannot go forward
because he's president and he's about to
sue her so you know he's sort of
acknowledging yes a civil case involving
the president can go forward whether
it's from his side or from her side once
he's under oath either in the civil case
or with Muller I think every lawyer
agrees that's a big problem for him yeah
absolutely because he does the
difficulty telling the truth but you
brought up Ken Starr let's read a little
bit of what Ken Starr had to say to
Yahoo News just on Friday he said this
is former whitewater independent counsel
Kenneth Starr who famously investigated
Bill Clinton's relationship with Monica
Lewinsky says he believes that stormy
Dana's allegations that she was paid a
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
during the 2016 election to keep silent
about an alleged affair with Donald
Trump raised serious difficult and
serious issues that need to be evaluated
by the Justice Department to determine
if another Special Counsel should be a
point at Katie Fang your thoughts well
sometimes the cover-up is worse than the
crime and were there crimes here where
their campaign finance violations join
when it comes to that $130,000 payment
were there other issues in terms of a
threat of physical harm I mean there are
so many things that are swirling it and
and now what's happening and what's
foolish is Michael Cohen who is the
fixer for Donald Trump has hired a train
wreck of a lawyer named David Schwartz
who's also supposed to fix it for
Michael Cohen and yet what they're all
doing is this even though Donald Trump
himself does not take the podium and say
I you know did not have a relationship
with this woman dot dot dot all of these
statements that are being made by Cohen
and Schwartz and the whole cabal of bad
lawyers is being imputed to Donald Trump
and so it is an unavoidable reality that
Muller is going to be looking at stormy
Daniels it's
unavoidable that mother's gonna say you
know what it's worth it for me to take
some time to see whether or not there
was undue influence that occurred by the
payment of this 130 thousand dollars and
so why the lawyers and why the
emissaries of lies for Donald Trump
don't just shut up and muzzle themselves
is beyond me because they're mainly
making the situation worse and Lisa
bloom speaking of bad Lauri I want to
talk to someone for a moment about Keith
Davidson who has in common two clients
stormy Daniel Stephanie Clifford and of
his MacDougal who also had a religiously
a 10 month affair with Donald Trump
there's also this question of whether or
not mr. Davidson ill-served his client
by pushing her to sign this deal yeah I
am concerned about that and he released
a statement saying essentially that he
didn't believe stormy Daniels a story
now that she doesn't have credibility
which seems to me to be a potential
ethical violation on his part you know
we attorneys have a duty of loyalty and
confidentiality even to ex clients which
sometimes can be very unpleasant
Apartments are speaking out against us
but that nevertheless is our ethical
obligation on Trump's side I mean his
lawyers lawyer now needs a lawyer this
is getting ridiculous
people tend to choose lawyers who are
like them stormy is obviously a very
intelligent woman and she has chosen
wisely on Trump's side I think the
bumbling speaks for itself
yeah and joke honest I'm gonna give you
the last word on this because it is sort
of an irony right that back during the
Clinton impeachment days Donald Trump
was on his side now he may be be hoist
on Clinton's petard it is a big problem
for Trump that this civil issue a sex
case like the Paula Jones case in some
ways unlike it and many others is almost
on a path to converging with with other
criminal liabilities that he or people
close to him may have its it is it was a
disaster for Clinton and led to
impeachment and this is not good for
Donald Trump yeah to say the least
Katy funk thank you very much Lisa bloom
thank you very much Joe will be back
with us later in the show and meanwhile
stormy days is not the only person
Donald Trump is strangely silent about
in his relationship with that other
person is only getting weirder stay with
us
you
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
