Richard let me start with you the idea
that this assassination attempt part of
a hit list what can you tell us about
that well it's certainly plausible
according to a former British
intelligence official who is familiar
with Russia and Russian tactics I can
tell you that the poisoning that
happened here in in Salisbury sent a
chill down the Russian community living
in this country the UK has been
something of a magnet for Russian
dissidents for critics of Vladimir Putin
and frankly for spies who've changed
sides and come here to take refuge we
spoke to two former spies both people
that the Kremlin considers traitors they
are both concerned for their for their
future concern for their lives and one
of them said that in February he
received a call from someone on the
inside we have no way to verify that he
in fact received that call we weren't on
the call but he described that he was on
this call that he got a tip-off that his
name was on a hit list that steel and
scrip all was on the hit list and that
he became deeply concerned when a short
time after that script ball was found
was found in a port state of paralysis
on a park bench not far from where I am
right now
and you're being told seven people
supposedly on this hit list including
Steele five others any sense who they
might be if these are all connected if
these are all sort of individual
isolated cases what else do you know
about it what are the other prominent
names on the list was a businessman
named Bill Browder I've interviewed
Browder before he says that he knows the
Russians want him that the Kremlin wants
wants him dead he thinks he said that
that this is no he told me specifically
if something ever bad happens to me
everyone should know who did it and he
any any means the Kremlin so that his
name was on it and and other people who
who Russia considers who that tremblin
has considered traitors
Nina Khrushchev uh poisonings on foreign
soil this missile test that Russia
launched today Putin saying
pervious to American defenses shutting
down consulates spies being kicked out
of this country I think a lot of
people's minds go back to things we read
about saw witness during the Cold War
when you think back to the Cold War and
you look at the present moment the state
of relations between the two countries
how do they stack up well it's very cold
worries I'm constantly confronted with
the thought that I'm watching something
in despair the spy who came in from the
cold and reading John de querer and
unfortunately is just developing right
in front of our eyes so yes it's a very
chilling reality and it is a possibility
that there is a hit list I mean I
wouldn't imagine that there's anything
in writing because no would Kremlin
whatever we would ever leave something
like that in writing but Putin doesn't
like his enemies and we do know that he
has a very long memory has been trained
by the KGB and in KGB universe the
traitor is a traitor and needs to be
punished at any cost is there any if
there is a hit list is there anything
more to it though in this moment
anything more to be read into it the
fact not only that he doesn't like
traitors that he wants to you know
settle a score or whatever but that he's
willing to go and do it on foreign soil
in this moment well I think what he's
doing I mean they're using an
opportunity I mean from what I know the
way KGB functions it's not even a KGB
actually it's a GRU GRU the military
intelligence the way that there is an
opportunity and they do it it can be
anyway or whatever the opportunity
presents itself so this is something
that needs to be considered and for them
the world is a limit so that is a
possibility but I also think that in
some ways the combination of things mean
not necessarily and I'm almost sure that
it's not by which in making it's just
all the kind of the stars collided and
there's one thing and suddenly we're
talking about just poisoning not about
just the new testing I think the missile
is cold Satan too which is quite
appropriate and and all these other
things and just the elections happen in
Russia so I think it's one of those very
big waves and the question is well
whether we would or Russia or the United
States or together we would get out of
that wave and actually
turn into some sort of road that where
they can be some conversation happily
and that brings us to the question of
the leadership in this country the
recent escalation with Russia also of
course testing President Trump who was
frequently since becoming a candidate
for president expressed admiration for
Vladimir Putin while President Trump has
shown a reluctance to publicly criticize
the Russian leader for his actions
Trump's tougher line toward Moscow in
recent days quote even caught US allies
off-guard according to the Washington
Post as one Russia scholar said the
president's heart doesn't seem to be in
it but for whatever reason he's willing
to go along with his advisors according
to NBC News Trump's public silence about
his shift in policy may stem from his
continued desire for closer relations
with Putin in taking a more aggressive
stance toward Russia on Ukraine for
instance the president quote told his
aides not to publicly tout his decision
doing so Trump argued might agitate
Russian President Vladimir Putin Peter
Baker let me bring you in on that
because the accusation against Trump
since the days of his candidacy has been
that he's soft on Putin that he has some
kind of admiration for Putin that would
have a policy ramification as president
now we've seen obviously this week
kicking out five dozen spies from US
soil in a couple months ago we're
talking about this policy in Ukraine
sending anti-tank equipment of missiles
over there
to Ukraine that's a step even the Obama
administration didn't take how can we
square this posture in terms of policy
from Trump with that refusal to publicly
say much about Putin yeah that's the
central mystery right now about this
administration when it comes to Russia
you do see a hardening line our own
reporting shows that before Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson was fired he had
come to the conclusion that cooperation
the attempt to cooperate with Putin's
Kremlin wasn't working that they should
take a new approach that approach would
involve a you know more active measures
like sanctions which we saw them imposed
for in retaliation finally for the 2016
meddling in the campaign and then
obviously this action this week in terms
of the expulsion but you're right the
president himself chooses not to say
anything about it publicly he doesn't
want to alienate President Putin and I
think there's also a reluctance on his
part to in effect validate his critics
who were saying how
you don't say anything tougher on
President Putin he doesn't like this
whole investigation that continues to
dog him he insists that any notion of
collusion during the campaign was just a
hoax and therefore he doesn't want to
give in to the the critics who had been
patterning him in his view but it does
create this dichotomy this this duality
of policy where they're willing to throw
out more diplomats than at any point
frankly even in the Cold War and yet the
president I states remain silent
yeah in Richard Engel I'm curious what
do you know from the standpoint of
Russia from the standpoint of Putin
these actions again it was it was a
couple of months ago with the missiles
to Ukraine but this week kicking out all
those spies dozens of spies from the US
did Putin that was he expecting that did
he think this might happen did that
catch him off guard does he feel maybe
he's misread Trump in some way it's it's
hard to know what's going on inside
Putin's mind inside the Kremlin but I
think we do have a good sense of why
there was this international outburst
and this international flurry of
diplomatic activity expelling Russian
diplomats in from from a couple of dozen
countries and I think it was about the
precedent this was not just some enemy
of the Kremlin who was assassinated this
this this man or attempted to be
assassinated this man wasn't strangled
he wasn't pushed out a window he was
exposed and his daughter to a military
grave nerve agent in a small city where
I am right now in England two people
were seen on a bench frozen solid
foaming at the mouth that is not
something that people could ignore and
there was a deep concern among European
officials certainly among British
officials and I think probably American
officials as well that unless some sort
of line was drawn in the sand this this
could be replicated hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
