taunting a survivor of Marjory Stoneman
Douglas school shooting under pressure
from a mounting boycott by advertisers
uproar arose when Ingram mocked 17 year
old student activist David Hogg's recent
college rejection and his 4.1 GPA on
Twitter Wednesday in response Hogg
encouraged his followers to call
Ingram's top advertisers to drop the
show by Thursday 9 companies had
confirmed they were pulling their ad
dollars prompting the Fox News host to
apologize tweeting in the spirit of Holy
Week I apologize for any upset or hurt
my tweet caused him or any of the brave
victims of parkland as always he's
welcome to return to the show anytime
for a productive discussion Hogg was
unimpressed by the apology telling the
New York Times
she only apologized after we went after
her advertisers it kind of speaks for
itself
Joe yeah Donny Deutsch well first of all
let's just talk about his GPA at 4.1 4.2
I think it's safe to say that if you
added your GPA in high school my GPA in
high school there and Micah's GPA in
high school we still would not get up to
a four point one or four point two so
I'm not sure who mocks any student for
being event good of a student but that
said I mean I just just generally and
I'm just talking generally here I
haven't understood for some time
politically while it why anybody would
attack young students high school
children I call them children because
I've got you know baby I've got kids
that are older than they are I'm who
thinks that attacking children who
thinks that spreading false information
about children which has not only been
spreading conspiracy sites but also in
mainstream media sites who thinks that's
going to help them get ahead
when it's so obvious it's only gonna
blow up in their faces
Joe let's add on attacking children who
are two weeks out from hiding under
their desk or watching their friends be
shot by an automatic weapon so if you
can't basically have empathy or
sympathetic behavior or basic parental
human behavior towards children in
general particularly children they're
coming off a horrific trauma you know
Laura Ingraham told LeBron James to shut
up and dribble and were Ingram needs to
just shut up and dribble also she's a
reprehensible human being and the good
news here is the advertisers will speak
and they will continue you might see
Laura Ingraham saying bye-bye because
here's what's gonna happen
today I'm gonna take you behind the
scenes of every CEO right now that
advertises the learning of Michaele they
have in front of them already letters
say dear mr. CEO of Pepsi I'll make it
easy I'm not saying Pepsi is on there
are you choosing to stand by Laura
Ingraham so it's no longer you're not
part of the debate if you are basically
continuing to add or so you are
endorsing or behavior saying this is
okay this is okay to dump on Millennials
this is okay to insult children who have
been through a tragedy and any CEO at
this point I don't care where you are
politically is gonna call up their chief
marketing officers say you know that
$400,000 we spent an Ingram even if you
don't take it off a fox move it off
because no advertiser is gonna be in the
position to say I am defending that
because it's no longer just well I'm not
involved I'm defending that behavior so
the same way Bill O'Reilly was gone
but Donny let me ask you this question
though because it seems to me we all
make mistakes I I can't imagine ever
attacking a young child after they went
through this this hell but we've all
made mistakes and isn't isn't the first
thing we ask of people and they make a
mistake is to say I'm sorry
we're going to apologize she she
apologized and it wasn't one of these
halfway apologies it was in the spirit
of Holy Week I'm sorry I'm sorry if I
hurt people who were Joe but here's the
difference Joe there's a difference we
all are going to make mistakes when it's
a serial behavior and the apology was
only for one reason because she was
losing average
it didn't happen because of that and her
behavior stands for itself and you know
there's we can all argue about politics
but there's just human decency we can't
have animals on the air attacking
children these are just just core values
we can disagree on taxes we could
disagree or Donald Trump we can disagree
on a wall but basic human decency
we are not already John Heilemann it
seems that there's been a problem at Fox
over the past six months or so regarding
like for instance the Seth rates murder
Sean Hannity went on and on with it when
he knew that it was false he had people
come on the show and promote it after he
had already been told it was a lie
bringing just immeasurable pain to that
family and it's certainly something that
I know about because people have used
the pain of a family the unspeakable
pain of a family to try to attack me
when they're not hurting me
they're hurting a family and so you now
have lawsuits being filed against Sean
Hannity and Fox News and I'm just
wondering whether actually the president
always talks about wanting to make it
easier to sue people I wonder if maybe
this becomes a solution that when people
step over the line that actually it's
tried in the court of law well I don't
know I I'm not a big fan of of the
notion I like our libel laws I think
it's good for the country and good for
the press that it's hard to sue a media
organizations for libel and you have to
prove actual malice and so on and if you
can make that case you should go and
make it I will say that I think what's
interesting about the Fox News piece of
this Joe is that they used to have I
think a pretty good idea of who their
audience was and where the lines were
what kinds of provocations worked with
their base and what they could that they
could engage in
that wouldn't go over the line and draw
them into a place where they were going
to incur economic penalties and incur
other kinds of political penalties they
on both the Seth rich thing you're
talking about and in this case it's like
they overshot the the landing they don't
understand they seem to now not get that
where you can what they can get away
with in the context and that bubble they
live in and where they are where that
they put a foot wrong where they can
really get crosswise with mainstream
opinion in a way that cost them I think
I mean what much more powerful than than
any kind of legal judgment that could be
brought against them he's the kind of
thing Donny's talking about that's what
hurts a Bill O'Reilly that's what hurts
Laura Ingraham is when the sponsors
decide these guys are beyond the pale
and increasingly they used to kind of
know exactly where that line was now
they increasingly find themselves on the
wrong side of it and I can't help but
think that part of the answer to this
and part of the explanation for it is
Trump because it they are they have you
know it's one thing to be a propaganda
wing of the Republican Party it's
another thing to become a propaganda
wing of the Trump Ã¡five Republican Party
where conspiracy theory and fabrication
and fake news and things that are beyond
the pale are so much part of what Donald
Trump's Republican Party thrives on that
now is what Fox News as being part of
that ecosystem has been dragged into and
it's starting to realize I think when it
loses advertisers that that there are
really some risks here to the basic
business model if they keep going in
this direction well certainly there's
some issues with Hannity and Ingram
obviously and and we'll see yeah we'll
see how it plays out again I think
there's personal relationship to the
president here navigating she did
apologize she did apologize we'll see
we'll see how that plays out you
obviously have other people in FoxNews
though this is a prime time issue and I
had always said it when people have
talked about MSNBC I've always said you
know what there's dayside there's our
show it's sort of like you know the
front of the paper and then you've got
primetime and those are the those are
the opinion pages and that's something
that Shep Smith has pointed out
accurately over at Fox News
bret baier does a great job a lot of
other people there chris wallace of
course does it straight up but there is
no doubt mika that there there are some
challenges in primetime right now as it
pertains to going up to the line and
sometimes stepping over the line this of
course Roger Ailes with Glenn Beck knew
when it was time to pull him back back
and also know know when it was time to
send Glenn back packing and that seems
to be one of the questions that I'm sure
Fox is grappling with right now
coming up President Trump was no fan of
Jeff Sessions decision to recuse himself
from the Russia probe now the Attorney
General just made another move that may
set off his boss that's ahead on Morning
Joe and we want to mention our
compelling interview with Pulitzer Prize
winning author Lawrence Wright he
produced a new drama the looming tower
based on his best-selling book it's a
ten part miniseries now available on
Hulu and ties directly with the larger
conversation about the state of US
intelligence and the US intelligence
community you can find our full
interview with Lawrence Wright right now
on Joe duck msnbc.com thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
