Fox News pushed the panic button today
on Laura Ingraham at exactly 106 p.m. at
that point only one advertiser had
publicly announced the decision to pull
out of her show after she ridiculed
David Hogg on Twitter
David hog is the seventeen-year-old
senior who has become a familiar voice
on this program and at the March of our
lives on Saturday in Washington he's a
senior of course at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school David survived the
masked shooting at his high school in
parkland Florida on February 14th and as
a student reporter at the school he has
been especially eloquent in helping to
lead the crusade for new gun safety laws
yesterday Laura Ihram decided to
ridicule David hog for having been
rejected from some colleges this year
now there are 20 million college
students in America almost all of them
were rejected from some colleges David
Hogg's case is typical he's been
accepted for that some colleges rejected
from others the only reason we know that
is that David hog has publicly spoken
about it when asked how he was getting
along in the aftermath of the tragedy he
has mentioned some of the normal things
that he's going through at this point in
his life in even though he is grieving
and organizing a movement and one of
those things was getting college
rejection letters he's mentioned it with
modesty and humility in her tweet
yesterday Laura Ingraham said he was
whining about it Laura Ingraham fired
off her insulting tweet at David Hogg at
11:45 a.m. yesterday last night on
Twitter David Hogg suggested that
advertisers should boycott Laura
Ingraham show she had no response to
that and as outrage continued to mount
overnight and today she had nothing to
say and then 25 hours after she so
bravely fired off her insulting tweet
about David hog Laura Ingraham tweeted
this apology any student should be proud
of a 4.2 GPA including david hog on
reflection in the spirit of holy week I
apologize for any upset or hurt my tweet
caused him or any of the brave victims
of parkland and so it took her 25 hours
25 hours
reflection to decide to apologize and
she was apologizing not because one
advertiser had already announced a
boycott of her show she was apologizing
because it's Holy Week and on reflection
in the spirit of Holy Week I apologize
as what she said okay what if it wasn't
Holy Week Laura Ingraham continued to
lose advertisers after the apology
TripAdvisor said in our view these
statements focused on a high school
student crossed the line of decency as
such we have made a decision to stop
advertising on this program nutrias said
we are in the process of removing our
ads from lowering of his program as the
comments she has made are not consistent
with how we feel people should be
treated wafer said the decision of an
adult to personally criticize a high
school student who has lost his
classmates is a nun speak in an
unspeakable tragedy is not consistent
with our values Nestle said we have no
plans to buy ads on the show in the
future
David hog was not impressed by the
apology he told the New York Times she
only apologizes after we went after her
advertisers the only reason Laura
Ingraham has a show on Fox News now is
because the primetime lineup was blown
up last year when Bill O'Reilly was
forced out of the network not because he
was a repeated and constant sexual
harasser who paid tens of millions of
dollars in settlement fees to his
victims including thirty two million
dollars to one of them Fox News knew all
about that and kept Bill O'Reilly on the
payroll they had absolutely no problem
with that
the only reason Bill O'Reilly had to be
kicked out of Fox News is that his
advertisers turned on him every day more
and more advertisers turned on him and
said enough is enough and we covered the
fight of the advertisers fleeing Bill
O'Reilly's show every night on this
program when that was happening and when
Bill O'Reilly was finally driven out it
was clear that anyone could be driven
out of Fox News if enough advertisers
turn
and so what laura ingraham was doing
today after what she called reflection
25 hours of reflection was following her
boss's orders to save her job if David
hog can continue to drive advertisers
away away from laura ingraham show then
she will not survive the timing of Laura
Ingram's apology the wording of Laura
Ingrid's apology has no credibility as a
real apology and so she might have to
try apologizing again and next time I
would suggest in the spirit of Holy Week
as she would put it as an act of
contrition she could release her college
rejection letters hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
