we're in the middle of the special
discussion appearances that we have not
ever had on television live before which
is Sam Nunn Berg who's faced molars
interviewers Randi credit go who's
interviewed Julian Assange three times
more than most American journalists have
formal Watergate prosecutor Nick
Ackerman who I mentioned once questioned
Roger stone in the Watergate proceedings
for viewers just joining us we went
through a lot of the open questions of
Roger stone we know that he has been a
subject of Amalur subpoena we know that
he says he hasn't been in yet and we
know that to put it kindly one of his
best defenses given the criminal
exposure he has at this point is to say
he lied about everything during 2016
more or less with that I want to go out
to Nick Ackerman your view legally and
factually on what you've heard here at
the table and what the key questions are
for Muller well it seems to me that the
key question which I put to both
gentlemen is what was Roger stone doing
talking to goose' 42.0 communicating
with him on a regular basis
communicating claiming to communicate
with Julian Assange repeated times and
backing off it what was any one person
doing communicating with those two
people while they were releasing all of
these emails stolen from the Democratic
National Committee and if a man I'm
gonna go to Sam on that did he ever say
anything to you that made him that made
you think he knew that the actual source
of gusoff ur might be a foreign
intelligence operation no he argued with
me constantly about it that it wasn't
the Russians and I continued it was not
the Russia and I said to him and I
continually said to him you can think
that perhaps it's true but why don't you
go argue with the with the entire
national intelligence agencies when as
at this time it looked like Hillary
Clinton was going to be President and
they were surely going to be
repercussions from what Rogers and let
me play there was an exchange that you
had with him about whether he could go
to London to meet Assange and this again
goes to his state of mind and his
exposure here abuts it
he calls you out his mentee I want to
play this as new Roger stone on the
radio on Infowars rebutting the idea
that you had said that he talked about
going to London to meet Assange I got
him off the phone when he said to be
pence for the weekend and I said yeah I
think I'll fly to London and have dinner
with Julian Assange it was a joke
was it a joke I don't that's not the way
I recollect it that's not the way I
recall it but that's Roz doesn't know
was it a joke to me that he was it a
joke yes or no defense oh I want the
Russians to go steal 30,000 emails from
Hillary Clinton he says it very
seriously very methodically and then
later claims it was a joke
I love Randy it's close now let me put
up on the screen the person you
interview Julian Assange he did post a
tweet about Sam Nunn bergs appearance
here I know sometimes it does look like
a loop but we can put this up he said
basically astounding 35 minute interview
between Trump campaign aide and Roger
stone associate Sam Nunn Berg and myself
this is something he presumably watched
from his exile in London but this week
he won't be able to do that because
they've cut off his internet access what
do you think of that I think it's
horrible and I hope that the president
of Ecuador reconsiders because he
already lives in a spot that's smaller
than the greenroom here okay and he gets
no sunlight he doesn't get to see his
kids or his mother he doesn't get to see
anything something that you and I both
care about understand that although his
case is complex but it complements a
journal away he's a criminal
he is stolen secret to hurt yes all of
the intelligence agencies have pins yes
the Intelligence Agency why did you ever
work for the government I don't know
tell me what was in the CIA random
question
all right good time the reason I
understand your point about the
treatment and I think it's a fair point
and you make some fair points when
you're not doing the impressions you're
better off the impressions wait that
wasn't an invitation to do one I want to
read to you it says Assad's breached a
written agreement yes not to send out
messages that inna
fear in other countries business what do
you say to that idea all right if it
were the old president of Ecuador this
wouldn't happen this happens to be
Catalan which is part of Spain which is
basically a new Franconian government
the Spanish government they have their
own deep state and this is him
supporting the Catalan freedom fighting
briefly in a sentence or two when you
look at what Muller has left you see him
more likely to proceed on the criminal
hacks or on WikiLeaks role there I think
it's gonna be on both I think it's going
to be the criminal hacks is going to be
the central indictment to come down it's
going to be a major conspiracy based on
the federal hacking I gotta go to jail
and be on that show lockup
who knows I'll be on the show lockup if
we get to see Bowler
we've got like eight seconds you know
the segment's over when it's over and
it's over Sam Randy and Nick thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
