could Republicans try and push the
president off the ballot in 2020 yes
we're talking 2020 don't throw things at
your screen at least not yet plenty of
Republicans tied to tried to keep
candidate Trump from getting the
nomination two years ago and now
Republicans like Senator Jeff Flake
of Arizona and Governor John Kasich of
Ohio are hinting they could try to do it
again they're not ruling out primary
challenges against him this next round
as we all know the president is
unpopular his approval rating ticked up
though to 43% in our latest NBC
news/wall Street Journal poll that is
still the lowest number for any modern
president at this point in his first
term but among Republicans 84% approve
keep this in mind and come presidents
who faced serious primary challengers
did eventually lose the presidency there
was Gerald Ford who went on to lose the
general in 1976 after a primary
challenge from Ronald Reagan
Jimmy Cardin Carter didn't get a second
term in 1980 after a primary challenge
from Ted Kennedy then there is Lyndon
Johnson who dropped his bid for
re-election altogether in 1968 after
Eugene McCarthy had a surprisingly
strong second place finish in new in the
New Hampshire primary
let's bring in longtime Republican
strategist Mike Murphy who just wrote a
piece in Politico titled had a primary
Trump in 2020 and he wrote quote elected
Republican officials keep asking me if
it is possible it won't be easy we
should try anyway Mike Murphy thanks for
joining us thanks for having me so who
are you talking about you say elected
officials keep asking you over and over
again who are they well think they only
do it in whispered tones in the shadows
trying to scurry away and not get caught
talking about it for the very reason you
brought up at the present time which is
important because the future is unknown
president Trump is still quite popular
with Republican primary voters those are
the only people he's popular with so
none of them publicly want to be seen as
plotting and scheming but but there's no
doubt the political baggage of the
President as we approach the midterms is
on the mind of just about every elected
Republican will give us
are they Republican senators Republican
governors congressmen I've heard it from
people elected in congressional
districts and statewide at different
levels of government so if somebody is
going to primary him who is the best bet
is it someone like Jeff Flake gives it
someone like bob Corker John Kasich
well you know in order for it to happen
what I say in the piece is I think it is
likely he will be in enough trouble if
we lose the midterms badly that is
support in the Republican Party which is
now high will indeed crumble that's been
the pattern but it's still a long shot
it is hard to primary an incumbent
president I don't know who the name will
be it's gonna be driven by what the
Republican primary voters are looking
for I don't think we're gonna see a
scenario like LBJ in 68 where he's
embarrassed in an early primary McCarthy
came within seven points he was still
second and that was enough to drive him
out because that's reliant on shame and
Trump Trump and shame are not on the
same planet so you'd have to beat them
state to state delegate to delegate and
you'd have to see what the primary
voters looking for I think if I have to
guess at this point the most likely
scenario is an anti-trump in style
in other words Trump is seen as
incompetent erratic nothing gets done
the opposite would be no drama boring
highly competent I think the other axis
will be ideology it Trump's a populist
he's not really a Republican will we
revert to the old mean where one of the
candidates with conservative credentials
will be more attractive and people will
want to move to a more traditional
Republican ideology I don't know but I
do think he's in for trouble there's so
many known unknowns as Rumsfeld used to
say they're gonna play out next year
those are the numbers that will count
out the numbers today you very very very
vaguely point to the political
developments in Utah so so vague well I
couldn't help it I'm what I'm really
trying to do here is put a fork in that
invitation the mar-a-lago I've been
waiting for no I hear it Mitt Romney
simply because if they're if the party
is looking to end the drama and move on
and I have not talked to Governor Romney
about any of this but he's an old friend
I work for him when he ran for governor
if but party's looking for competence
and no drama and comfort mitts one of
the Statesmen of the party
and he'll have a lot of stature right
now he's totally focused as he should be
in running for Senate in Utah there's
also John Kasich who is lurking around
New Hampshire yeah which is always the
beginning of the process he did well
there last time though I don't believe
the McCarthy scenario would work this
time and as you mentioned you know
you've got a couple people in the Senate
like Jeff Flake or bob corker even ben
sasse so if the numbers change and
that's the big if then there are a whole
bunch of different people who could be
interested but that's the second problem
you really need to after Island New
Hampshire winnow down to one opponent or
you're gonna have a situation where even
the damaged president could hold on to a
plurality like you did in 16 and not
have the majority of the primary voters
look for something else coalesce around
one candidate so it'll have to be a very
disciplined challenge by that field
really quickly do you think it's better
if Donald Trump loses in 2020 because a
Republican primary challenger in if
history serves us right ends up making
that that candidate lose
personally yeah no it's totally right
personally I hope he doesn't run again
i'ma never Trump her from day one but if
he runs and has a real primary which I
think is more likely than not he'll be
in big trouble and I wouldn't bet on him
winning which saddens me as a Republican
I'm ready to change the channel and the
president or see if other people agree
if we lose the midterms is it better for
Democrat wins well come on you're
putting at the end of you know generally
it depends which Democrat if it's a
choice between Trump and a Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren
you know socialist Democrat then I it's
a coin flip of pain
Mike Murphy Mike thank you very much for
joining us we appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
