turn to New York Democratic congressman
Jerry Nadler he's the ranking member on
the House Judiciary Committee
congressman good to see you let's talk
about what defines the Democratic Party
right now seventy percent of the
Democratic base Democrats want to begin
impeachment proceedings is that is that
what it takes to be a Democrat right no
no no that's not what defines a
Democratic Party I've always thought
what the funds the Democratic Party is
is that we are the party of working
people and we are the party that favors
government having a safety net and
government making an even playing field
and government making as the as the help
of last resort that when people play by
the rules and and work hard they should
be able to get along in this country
impeachment is a big topic though for
Democratic voters seventy percent of
them say they want to begin proceedings
there is a very strong anti Donald Trump
sentiment among Democratic voters who
find his presidency to be abhorrent
in fact impeachment seemed to define
your effort to be the top Democrat on
the Judiciary Committee let me read to
you what the New York Times said last
September that this was your pitch as
our constitutional expert and with his
demonstrated leadership on impeachment
the 90s Nadler is our strongest member
to lead a potential impeachment mr.
Nadler wrote on a pocket-size leaflet
outlining his record yeah what I said
was that we might very well be heading
for constitutional crisis and that might
involve impeachment or not and that I
was very qualified to handle the the
constitutional crisis because of my
experience and so and and the fact that
I asked I was asked you know my opponent
and I it was a hotly contested election
both went before groups of Democrats the
various caucuses the new the Blue Dogs
the Progressive Caucus the New Democrats
it said we were asked our opinion and I
said and I said publicly repeatedly I
said number one I said I would dearly
love to preside over the impeachment of
Donald Trump on the other hand you can't
do an impeach well you shouldn't do an
impeachment unless the evidence is
overwhelming and unless you see you
believe that by
end of the process you will have you
will have persuaded an appreciable
fraction of the people on the other side
not the members of the House or Senate
but if people voted for Donald Trump
that you had to do it because you don't
want 20 years of recriminations we won
the election you stole it I was very
clear on that throughout do you think
that Donald Trump is a danger to our
democracy or social security yes I do
so then why would you not want to
impeach somebody you think it's a danger
to either one can only impeach somebody
as I said if number one if you can prove
he's done and impeachable offenses and
then P chable offenses are things that
are a danger to the Republic a danger
the separation of powers a danger to to
the to Liberty argue that he's trying to
obstruct justice and the Moller invest
obstructing justice may may not be an
impeachable offense depending with
respect to why just as I said 20 years
ago that wasn't Clinton impeached for
obstructing justice and he should not
have been I was about to say just as I
said 20 years ago during that
impeachment that perjury while a crime
perjury about a private sexual affair is
not an impeachable offense because it
doesn't endanger the Republic or help
enhance the power of the president's
become a tyrant perjury about the
president's a greedy and izing of power
about misuse of presidential power that
would be an impeachable offense so
there's a difference in impeachable
offenses doesn't have to be a crime by
the same time a crime is not necessarily
impeachable offense they're different
tests we may very well get into an
impeachment we may not we will see what
the report of the special prosecutor is
we will see what the evidence is and
we'll see what what the situation is if
he pardons Mike Flynn if he pardons Paul
Mann afford anybody in the Muller probe
do you think that's an impeachable
offense that would be an impeachable
offense if you had real evidence that
that was done remember the president is
a natural power to pardon but that
doesn't mean that he can do it for
corrupt purposes I have an absolute
power to vote for or against the bill
but if I did it because someone gave me
a hundred thousand dollars that would be
bribery would be a crime and certainly
impeachable if the president if you
could prove that the president offered a
pardon to saw reward gave a part to
somebody in order to impede the
investigation of his own
that in order to obstruct the
investigation that would be very serious
is the party distancing itself from
Nancy Pelosi Connor Lam said that he
wouldn't vote for her as leader I don't
think the party is distancing itself
from Nancy Pelosi I think certain people
may I mean Nancy Pelosi in my opinion
has been a very effective which it was a
very fact the speaker should have been a
very effective Minority Leader
she has been demonized by years of
propaganda by the Republicans equally
and and that's and that's a weight
around some of our candidates equally
who if we were to pick someone to choose
someone else to be our speaker already
leader that person would be the
immunized pretty quickly and in fact I
recently saw a chart showing the decline
in popularity of party leaders in
Congress they chart exactly the same
Paul Ryan is very unpopular right now
it's probably a if we wanted to make me
probably be a dragon summers running
against Paul Ryan now I said if we
wanted to we probably could we have a
bigger devil figure to run against and
that's Donald Trump my point is that any
party leader is going to be demonized by
the opposition and that's been the
experience since the Tip O'Neill what is
what is the demo part Democratic Party's
stand for other than its anti Donald
Trump position what one thing that
voters across the country can voters
across the country look to or should it
be more decentralized should it be very
tailored to every district
well candidates have to be tailored to
their own districts that I think you see
candidates running in various districts
they're not all the same and then
they're not live they're not it's a
liberal in certain districts as in my
district for example and they shouldn't
be because of the nature of the district
people have - well it's our job to
represent the people in our in our
districts I think the Democratic Party
stands fundamentally for giving to
middle class people and to people who'd
like to be the middle class for lower
income people a fair shot and to use the
power of government to protect them
against the
monopolies against the overweening power
and not to have the government sell
itself to the highest bidder as I think
you can make a good case is doing right
now Congressman Jerry Nadler congressman
good to see you in person
thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
