at this hour family and friends are
saying their final goodbyes to 22-year
old Stefan Clark Clark was killed in a
hail of bullets when police officers
mistook his cell phone for a gun to
Sacramento officers shot 20 times and
killed Clark in his grandmother's
backyard the outrage has been growing
for 11 days with protesters marching in
the streets and storming City Hall in
Sacramento they want to know why this
keeps happening
why do unarmed black men keep getting
killed by cops why do black men not get
the same benefit of the doubt as white
men when interacting with police
officers this problem is not new and it
does not seem to be going away but
according to the White House Clark's
death isn't their problem it's
Sacramento's certainly a terrible
incident this is something that is a
local matter and that's something that
we feel should be left up to the local
authorities at this point in time a
local matter really there are a lot of
african-american moms all across the
country feel as though their sons are
dying
I think we should do every single thing
we can every single day to protect the
people of this country I think the
president whether they're black white
Hispanic male or female rich or poor we
look for ways to protect the individuals
in this country particularly children
that's why you've seen the president
take an active role over the last
several months in school safety again
this isn't just happening in Sacramento
it happened to falando castile in st.
Paul Minnesota it happened to Alton
sterling in Baton Rouge Louisiana it
happened to Michael Brown in Ferguson
Missouri it outlasted President Obama
and it is not going away under President
Trump who blasted the complaints of
excessive force in law enforcement
touted a platform of blue lives matter
and used black lives matter as a wedge
to to divide voters in 2016
today rightfully so black mothers black
fathers and black sons and black
daughters are asking if this president
cares
they're asking why it is not a national
issue they should be heard does this
president really want to fix things does
you want to make lives better great
again or were folks right when they
called these callous crude and
ultimately empty words why do you have
to lose you're living in poverty your
schools are no good you have no jobs 58%
of your youth is unemployed what the
hell do you have to lose joining me now
is Brittany PAC net co-founder of
campaign zero which is a police reform
campaign Brittany he also said a number
of times in the campaign trail that just
walking outside in African American
neighborhoods you might get shot when
going to grab a some bread from the
supermarket he campaigned on this idea
that what do you have to lose Democrats
haven't done anything better for African
Americans you have this platform right
now and if the president were to look
back on his DVR later when he gets home
from this Ohio rally and watch this what
would you want to tell him direct
or ask him directly well I honestly
don't know that I have much to ask him
frankly his track record on African
Americans and our community speaks for
itself we know how he treated the
Central Park five and what he said about
them we know that he's had how housing
discrimination cases brought against him
we know that he hired someone like Jeff
Sessions who Coretta Scott King was very
clear about to run his Department of
Justice so quite frankly I don't have
any questions because his actions are
speaking louder than any of his words
can I know exactly how he feels about me
about people that look like me about my
community and quite frankly about many
of many Americans every single day who
are walking around do not have the
privilege that he does if you feel like
you need to go around the president in
trying to make this a national issue and
trying to get reform done to make it so
that black men african-american men get
the benefit of the doubt in these
situations and aren't shot in their
grandmother's backyard because they're
carrying a cell phone how do you do that
we've been doing it this is the latest
chapter in a decade centuries-long
struggle for freedom not just for black
people in this country but for all
marginalized people and this started
before this administration the last
administration or the one before that
we've been doing it campaign zero is
doing a couple of things one making sure
that the platform for how to actually
fix this is clear and to that we are
clear with people that this is not a
local matter but indeed a national
problem and we can look at the numbers
that we've reported on in 2017 over
1,100 people were killed by police in
some form or fashion there were only 14
days last year where the police didn't
kill anyone and 99 percent of police who
kill someone are never convicted of that
crime if that's not a national issue I
don't know it is supporters of the
president critics of the black lives
matter movement critics of those who
complain about law enforcement might say
hey look at the african-american
community itself and the
african-american rate of killing other
African Americans what's your response
to them so we've done the research on
this and there's no correlation between
police violence and community violence
seeing violence in a community actually
does not increase or decrease the
likelihood that the police will kill
someone this is a stay on our democracy
and it has nothing
to do with with how neighborhoods are
engaging with one another that is
everything to do with the fact that
police are not held accountable for the
way that they're walking around our
communities there has to be a change on
a national level and when you've got a
president who is saying that police
officers shouldn't be too nice with
suspects he's setting a clear tone and
declaring a culture in this country that
has to be changed it has to happen at
the local the state and the federal
level we have to make sure that
blackness is no longer seen as a weapon
and people are able to walk around
safely in their community maybe you
should rough up suspects a little more
he said that on Long Island hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
