president ahau stood David Shope in he's
bringing in the White House physician
his personal physician dr. Ronnie
Daniels dr. Ari Jackson I should say is
this a good choice is it a positive
choice could it be better than David
Shulkin well who's to say I will say
when I first heard the news yesterday my
first response was who and then of
course I like a lot of people went into
the Attucks of memory and remembered the
press conference in which the Admiral
you know came out and told us all about
the clean bill of health for Donald
Trump and how he could live to be 200
years old and so on and so forth but
what we don't know about the Admiral and
the doctor is a lot we don't know where
he is on this issue of privatization we
don't know what type of management
experience he has to enable him to lead
an agency like the Department of
Veterans Affairs so we're definitely
wanting to find out the answers to these
questions we're working with lawmakers
right now to make sure that they are
asking these questions starting now all
the way up to those confirmation
hearings once they begin in you know
just here in a few weeks what is the
biggest problem that needs to be
addressed immediately at the VA well
look right now you're talking about the
VA is a place that has over 30,000 empty
jobs right now that are going unfilled
and the VA look Katie here's the thing
it's a world-class health care provider
it is a health care system that is done
designed specifically to meet the needs
of veterans but here in this town there
is a campaign being led by Donald Trump
and the concerned veterans for America
and others to destroy and privatize our
VA health care system so as long as
that's happening and which was at the
root really of David Shulkin getting
pushed out in the way he was because he
wasn't being aggressive enough in
bringing about levels of VA
privatization because if Donald Trump
had his way if the concerned veterans
for America had their way well there'd
be somebody leading the VA who would be
taking a wrecking ball and a bulldozer
to VA facilities hours within within
hours of their Senate confirmation in
jail
the average wait time at the VA for a
doctor was 22 days that sounds like a
lot but at the same time it is much
better than it was back in 2014 when the
average wait time was a hundred and
fifteen days can you make the argument
that the Veteran Affairs administration
was moving in the right direction that
things were starting to get better I
think so and I think it comes down to
one really educating people on what
veterans really think about the VA and
that is that veterans are overwhelmingly
satisfied with the care that we are
receiving at the VA and we reject
efforts to privatize that so getting
that story out there in the news working
with lawmakers seeing people come
together to make sure that we have a
fully funded VA a fully staffed VA in an
equipped VA that's able to provide
healthcare to every kind of veteran in
this country who earned it what I would
say for the address to privatization
because there are a lot of folks out
there that might look at that and say
what's so wrong about privatizing the VA
when there are still issues there there
are lots of doctors out there why can't
our veterans just go to any of those
doctors a study by the RAND Corporation
that was just released recently found
that most civilian medical providers in
New York State where they focus their
research were ill-equipped to treat
veterans New York State is a big state
we've got a lot of very good hospitals
in this state we also treat quite a few
veterans in this strain in this state it
found two-thirds of medical providers
were unfamiliar with military culture
43% of medical providers said they
regularly screened for conditions common
among veterans it's only half less than
half and 2.3 percent met all seven
criteria that researchers looked for
when deciding whether private sector
providers were equipped to treat
veterans when you're talking about the
how you need to be equipped to treat
veterans what exactly do you mean what
makes a doctor treating veterans
different than a doctor treating any
other person that's a great question
Katie look the VA is as I said earlier a
system that's designed specifically to
meet the needs of veterans to take for
example an issue like audiology
twenty-seven-year-old combat veteran who
is suffering from hearing loss has a
different type of hearing loss and a
different needs than you know
my 96 year old grandmother who is
suffering from hearing loss they came
about in a different type of way and
that's just the beginning of this
conversation you know the VA is a
world-class leader in providing mental
health care they are a world leader in
working with prosthetics and traumatic
brain injury and spinal cord injury and
so on and so forth and you know when
Donald Trump just now was talking about
accountability you know he says all we
need all this accountability at the VA
yet he wants to take the VA away and
send people off to the private sector
and there was a report from The Wall
Street Journal Ben Keesling did that
showed that veterans who were sent to
the private sector are more likely to
end up dependent on opioids veterans
between 2000 and 2010 who were not
enrolled in the VA saw their suicide
rates increased by nearly 40 percent so
how are were you trying to make
something more accountable by sending
people out into a private sector with a
voucher and a pat on the back into a
world of no accountability whereas there
is a lot of accountability at the VA
it's a different type of injury that
they're treating PTSD amputations you
see a lot more of that in veteran's
health than you do in other hospitals
around the country and it's not that the
private hospitals could not get up to
speed eventually I think anyone's making
that argument it's what happens in the
interim and then what happens with
oversight will fissure thank you very
much for being here
okay sure Iraq war veteran and Purple
Heart recipient with boat vets org
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
