John soules is chairman of vote fest org
retired Army colonel Jack Jacobs is a
Vietnam veteran and recipient of the
Congressional Medal of Honor Michael
Steele is former RNC Chairman Liz Smith
a Democratic strategist John let me
start with you because your members are
all impacted by this what's your thought
about Jackson unprepared completely
unprepared I'm sure he's a great doctor
but if you've been following the stories
over at the VA for months now there's
been you know a lot of shots back and
forth the the Koch brothers have
financed an organization they've given
them 17 million dollars this year called
concerned veterans for America they've
got a lot of appointees that they
they've embedded inside the the VA and
there's been fighting between Shokan and
the civilians who have worked at the VA
for years and this Koch brothers element
that's inside the VA with the sole
purpose to destroy it and David Shogun's
idea was he could slow roll the
president on privatization they got
their hands on the IG report and they
used it as a reason to get David Chokin
out and I think that's the question for
Democrats on the hill how hard did they
question this Admiral he doesn't know
anything about politics he doesn't know
anything about the Koch brothers he
doesn't know anything about the plans to
privatize the the the administration and
I'm not quite sure he's prepared to deal
with these types of drastic issues
politically which is that he does have
to be approved by Congress and the
Veterans Affairs Committee will have to
decide whether or not they confirm him
Richard Blumenthal is a member of that
committee here's what he had to say this
morning it's a little bit like asking
someone who's never climbed a mountain
to begin with Mount Everest the VA is
the Mount Everest of public management
both in significance it deals with our
nation's heroes there is no excuse for
failing to meet the highest standards
but also in terms of difficulty because
it is a sprawling bureaucracy Colonel
Jack it is hard to overstate the
complexity of what happens inside the VA
every day the services that they're
asked to provide and frankly the
specificity of the kinds of cases that
they deal with in numbers that no one
else in the world deals with things like
PTSD brain injuries so is this a case
where management
should Trump medical experience what do
you make it oh definitely I can make a
cogent argument that says you don't need
a medical doctor at all you need
somebody who's who knows exactly how
Washington operates and how
bureaucracies operate interestingly the
person who is currently the acting
Department Chief Robert Wilkie who is
the Undersecretary of defense for
personnel and readiness is far more
qualified to run the VA than than dr.
Jackson because he's got extensive
Washington experience and extensive
experience in bureaucracies you need
somebody who knows how to run large
organizations at the VA or a city it
would be larger than Tampa and only
slightly smaller than Cleveland which
you know very well yeah you know
Cleveland very well indeed no this is a
large world-class hospitals and people
who have run them and who have made
great strides in figuring out better
ways to serve their patients but Michael
David Axelrod your friend yeah has the
thought on this this is what he tweeted
dr. Jackson is a good and honorable
person a fine doctor and career military
but you do get the sense that this has
as much to do with his boffo press
conference on the president's physical
of anything else he's got a nickname doc
for his personal physician is this more
about for this president who he's
comfortable with who he likes who he can
joke around with who he talks to every
day then about who has the experience to
run it it's all about that it's all
about that you knew you knew something
was up when when the good doctor stood
up and told the American people that
Donald Trump weighed 239 pounds at that
point okay yeah we know what's going on
here right and that's what it's about
for this president it is about that the
ease of that relationship a one-sided
relationship by the way in which it all
comes to him in a good way you you do
for me you you are a part of what I want
to have happen and so now you know with
the other the way you set the story up
you know the backdrop of all the things
that have to happen at the VA all the
things that the administration would
like to do at the VA with respect to
Providence
and other issues you now have someone
who's in a position who's not going to
say no because he doesn't know what he
should or shouldn't do in that job and
that's just being honest about it it's
not like you know it's going to his
medical expertise this is about
administration this is about politics
this is about running as the it's a good
colonel said a city and unless he was a
mayor of a town somewhere in America we
don't know about he won't have a clue
what to do in a pretty large city with a
pretty huge budget so Liz when I was
looking at my email yesterday a couple
of I mean I barely knew that Shulkin was
out and Jackson was in before I got you
know the Bernie Sanders kinds of press
releases the vote that vote vets org put
out a press release so if people are
against this Democrats in particular how
do they mobilize what do they do well
what I see isn't this sort of
contributes to the larger idea that this
is a White House in crisis and crisis
might work and chaos might work and when
it comes to reality show when it comes
to campaigns when it comes to governing
not so much and and you know this well
look in midterm elections the electorate
swings against the party that's in power
and when you have a White House that
looks like it's in the midst of Lord of
the Flies on steroids I think that this
will be helpful to Democrats because
they can make the case that more than
ever we need a check on this White House
and we saw Connor Lam in Pennsylvania
Doug Jones in Alabama make this argument
in their elections effectively that they
want to bring common sense they want to
bring stability back to Washington and
the best way to do that is to elect more
Democrats well one of the things that we
cannot let go by and John let me ask you
about this because I think the key sort
of policy issue that they're gonna be
asking about and we don't know what
Jackson's position is on this is the
possible privatization of the VA we
heard from Shulkin the private sector
isn't equipped to care for veterans the
way the VA has they don't have the
experience but the argument you'll hear
on the other side and from the president
is look this system hasn't worked for
veterans there are still long wait times
although if you read the op-ed piece in
the New York
time Shulkin will argue that they've
made vast improvements there are still
significant problems within the VA that
need to be fixed it's broke we need to
look at a different way what's your
position on that we oppose privatization
they call it choice we call a
privatization it just depends on how you
pull it there's issues with the choice
program right now this is when veterans
are waiting in line they go to a private
health care provider we've got veterans
an organization that that are getting
bills for thousands and thousands of
dollars and primarily we oppose it with
all major veteran's service
organizations because the VA has
consolidated care and that allows us to
see the new trends in the new wounds no
one's better at traumatic brain injuries
and some of these issues that are facing
Iraq and Afghanistan veterans so there's
no way to consolidate the trends that
are happening in the veterans community
when everyone's going to different
providers should this be the
make-or-break issue colonel I think it
should be but it's not going to be I you
know he's gonna get confirmed it's gonna
be along party lines at the end of the
day whatever the merits are about
privatization it's not going to happen
veterans are opposed to it and the
Congress is opposed to at the end of the
day those are the two people who matter
yeah and so that's what I'm trying to
figure out Michael because the president
has really prided himself on you know
his outreach to veterans support from
veterans groups he has made it a point
that he wants to have a stronger defense
has put more money into the defense
budget but what are the political
ramifications for him and for those who
are gonna have to vote on this if
there's turns out not to be the right
guy I don't think there's too much of a
political ramification for the president
directly I think from his standpoint
he's he's made his choice he's moved on
to something else and I think that's
kind of the American people will look at
it they don't know anything about this
doctor except for he gave a very glowing
press conference of the president's
health on the president's health but for
four members of Congress particularly
the Senate it becomes a little bit
sticky the Democrats don't have to make
a lot of noise in the Senate on this I
think Republicans will make a lot of
noise basically because of what the
colonel said while a lot of folks talk
about privatization other things there
are some real bottom-line concerns that
have longer-term impacts in the veterans
community which a lot of those members
are tied into very closely and they
listen to them so if the feedback from
them
slow your roll on this nomination it
could make for a very bumpy ride in
addition to the other nominations that
are going to be coming up that are
already sticky for CIA director and and
VA facilities in almost every difference
right that's going to do it so John let
me ask you final question in our last 30
seconds you're opposed to this you're
concerned about it we don't know again
about privatization we make an
assumption that maybe the president
asked that question but we don't know so
what do you do the question that I asked
Liz people who are opposed to it
you heard what Jack had to say and I
think a lot of people agree with him
that this is something that's going to
go through on a party-line vote what do
you do between now and the confirmation
hearings well I think in regards to the
politics of it I think it is actually a
very large issue and just to do it timid
as in regards to senators we're spending
two million dollars this month alone in
the Senate race in Wisconsin because
we're fighting over this issue I mean
the Republicans are attacking Senator
Baldwin on the tomah v-a issue we're
defending the work that she's done for
veterans she's you know taking a lot of
hearings on a heroin opioid use at the
VA so it is scaring Democrats when a you
know Republican organization like the
Koch brothers concern veterans is
dropping two three four million dollars
on very vulnerable Democratic senators
and borderline you know red states or
red states so I think that this is going
to be a very big issue and I think
Democrats in the next couple months have
to ask real hard questions to figure out
where this guy's going to be on
privatization but this is a highly
political issue and it will be played
out in the election hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
