job I think in government and in the
first Reagan term when I when I
suggested that he find a spot in the
White House counsel's office he was very
effective for us
he was effective in the in the first
Bush administration controversial in the
second Bush administration John has some
very deeply held views many of which I
disagree with fundamentally but he's a I
think he's I know he's a patriot and
he's an extraordinarily able and capable
public servant that was James Baker who
served a chief of staff and secretary
Treasury secretary under President
Ronald Reagan and Secretary of State and
chief of staff under President George HW
Bush commenting on President Trump
adding John Bolton as his new national
security adviser joining us now former
NATO supreme Allied commander now the
Dean of the Fletcher School of Law and
Diplomacy at Tufts University retired
four-star Navy Admiral James stavridis
he is chief international security and
diplomacy analyst for NBC News and MSNBC
also with us member of the judiciary
Armed Services and Veterans Affairs
committees Democratic Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut good to have
you both Admiral I'd like to ask you
about James Baker's comments he talked a
lot about message discipline and how
there was a lack of that in this White
House but he also mentioned Bolton not
so bad what do you make of that I think
the issue with John Bolton is going to
be that he instinctively reaches for the
hard power instrument in other words the
combat solution so look for tension to
ramp up in the Arabian Gulf look for
tension to ramp up on the Korean
Peninsula
look for tension between the US and
China in the South China Sea
he has taken consistently hard-edged
positions he's working now for a
president who is not experienced
internationally and will be influenced
by that reach for hard power I actually
think the person to watch assuming he's
confirmed is Mike Pompeo he'll be the
pivot
yeah between Jim mattis who is in my
view kind of the voice of reason and
John Bolton who is going to be reaching
again and again to move us in a hard
power direction of watch Pompeii yes we
we move to a cabinet where the voice of
reason the voice of moderation has the
nickname Mad Dog but you you are exactly
right and and with all due respect to
James Baker and I think most of us
around this set have mm-hmm a great
respect and abiding respect for James
Baker the third that said John Bolton
has talked about the possibility of
unilateral strikes against North Korea
bombing Iran still justifying the Iraq
war all these years later when there
really is no justification for what we
did in 2003 as a nation and that most of
Americans supported at the time but now
almost every American understands it was
a dreadful mistake a historic mistake so
let me just ask if you were still having
a leading role of the United States
military and you had to you had to take
young men and women into war zones would
you be more or less comfortable with the
president listening to John Bolton's
advice day in and day out in the West
Wing I'd be less comfortable no one
hates war like a soldier or a sailor and
I think if you have that personal
experience on the battlefield the way
Jim mattis does the way John Kelly does
I think you are far less inclined to
reach for that instrument of combat
power let us hope that we'll continue to
see good advice from secretary Madison I
think we will Mike Barnicle
senator Blumenthal yesterday the
president announced a new head of the VA
potentially dr. Jackson
he has never run anything he gets high
marks on both people in the Obama
administration and despite his
physical with Donald Trump in the
explanation of it gets high marks as a
surgeon as a doctor but he's never run
anything this is a vast bureaucracy that
ill serves at times some of the most
wonderful people who have served in
behalf of the United States of America
for years Mike it's a little bit like
asking someone who's never climbed a
mountain to begin with Mount Everest the
VA is the Mount Everest of public
management both in significance it deals
with our nation's heroes there is no
excuse for failing to meet the highest
standards but also in terms of
difficulty because it is a sprawling
bureaucracy just taking its healthcare
facilities alone the largest healthcare
challenge in the United States running
those hospitals many of them very well
run for example the West Haven facility
in Connecticut is a center of excellence
in many ways but it is also at the
forefront of dealing with some of the
most challenging medical problems
post-traumatic stress it's doing a lot
of good work but the management
challenges are just extraordinary
so dr. Jackson is going to be
scrutinized very close I can guarantee
as a member of the VA committee that I
will have some tough questions for him
you know Admiral this isn't this is not
a new issue this has been going on for
decades yeah and the idea that in state
after state after state despite there
are some admirable facilities there's no
doubt about that
that you can stand in a registry of
Motor Vehicles line and get quicker
treatment then you can go into the VA
having served multiple tours in
Afghanistan and Iraq
yeah yeah I'm concerned you know I don't
know dr. Jackson I took a good look at
his background he's an emergency room
doc which is a good thing he's deployed
into trauma centers so he's seen the the
sharp end of the spear but I think
you're on the right note Mike and the
senator which is to say this is an
enormous challenge taking it on I mean
I'm you know I'm tempted to say this is
an administration full of generals maybe
we need a few Admirals but I think in
reality I think he's going to have a
very very steep learning curve we need
we need to look at his credentials and
see if it makes sense
Admiral servetus let me ask you
somebody had served on the Armed
Services Committee had more military
retirees in my district I think than any
other district in the nation we had we
had to struggle through the the trance
the transfer into TRICARE I always had
people at townhall meetings and one went
across the country would talk about
bureaucracies in America and they would
always talk about how bad the IRS must
be is the Social Security Administration
I always told them that in terms of
incompetence and in terms of of poor
service to their consumers everybody was
a distant distant second to the VA now
that was back in the 90s but it doesn't
sound like it's gotten any better over
the past 20 years what is the problem
why can't government why can't the
federal government take care of the men
and women who literally put their lives
on there live line put their families on
the line by leaving for one tour after
another tour why can't we get that right
Admiral I think there's a two problems
one is kind of psychological and one is
practical the psychological one is this
kind of sense Joe and it's utterly
inaccurate but that the nation are
really focused on the active-duty
military because they're out there
fighting the fight and so so much
attention and so much approbation goes
for those folks the active-duty side so
we need to kind of break that psychology
and think of this as a continuum of
service the practical problem is sort of
see paragraph one on the psychological
issue is the disconnect from active duty
to when you become a veteran
you've got very very good health care as
an active duty person getting across
that seam that we need good osmosis to
get across that seam and get those
records those two systems don't talk to
each other and so your records in a
practice
since kind of drop off the planet or
earth when you become a veteran after
this active-duty experience so
psychological and practical we've got to
address both those yeah senator so you
sent a letter turn to a different topic
to the molar probe with your colleagues
it's the chain of command at justice
below sessions in Rosenstein to say look
a commit to protecting the molar probe
should something happen to those above
use what was the purpose of this letter
why now and what is making you worried
that their statements on the record
about this are important now what
worries me and the reason I led that
letter is the swirling reports credible
unspecific unconfirmed about the
potential for Donald Trump firing Bob
Mulder special counsel he tried it once
he fired Jim Comey the tweets are
increasingly erratic and extreme his
legal team is in turmoil and Bob Miller
literally is at the Oval Office door and
he's knocking hard and the Trump
surrogates are threatening this
investigation asking for a special
counsel to be appointed to shut it down
in effect and so a number of us are
increasingly certain on both sides of
the aisle now my Republican colleagues
are more inclined to take a wait-and-see
attitude but the reason for this letter
is we want a pledge from the top Justice
Department officials who would replace
rod Rosen sign if he were fired or if he
resigned that they will not interfere in
this investigation that it be allowed to
go forward and as we've seen from the
most recent reports of John Dowd talking
pardon to some of the key defendants
this kind of obstruction of justice is
literally happening in real time
before our eyes it's almost a textbook
example of what obstruction of justice
could be that that kind of offer a
pardon is very damning and powerful
evidence that the president was
intending to tamper with witnesses and
the deniability Wilson
not hold water Admiral Servetus I wanted
to get your reaction to a few things
that have happened over the past couple
of days against the backdrop of what
we've all been hearing and meek and I've
been hearing it from our contacts inside
the national security community I know
you you've heard it just as much or even
more that six months ago many people
were telling us it was a fait accompli
that there was going to be a ground war
on the Korean Peninsula that there was
going to be a bloodbath that the United
States and North Korea was headed to a
very hot very dangerous possibly
regional conflict over the past few days
we've seen Kim jong-un go to China the
president had kind words about it about
that meeting in a tweet and and then of
course news at North Korea and South
Korea were going to be getting together
and talking about possible possible
treaties how how significant of a
development do you do you see the events
of the past 24-48 hours in possibly
averting that bloody dreadful war on the
Korean Peninsula yeah let me give you my
numbers in the for whatever it's worth
category I still believe we have about a
10 percent chance of a war on the Korean
Peninsula that's quite high and I would
put that level about double where it was
two years ago when Kim jong-un really
began this aggressive series of tests I
think there's a 20% chance Jo that
there'll be conflict bullets fly but
that both sides step back here's the
good news I think there's about a 70%
chance we can negotiate we can have a
diplomatic solution here what we ought
to say to ourselves you know that old
expression things are going to get worse
before they get better I think here
unfortunately they're going to get
better but then they're going to get
worse again because the fundamentals are
bad here having said all that we ought
to grasp the opportunity here we ought
to say let's go to the table let's have
the conversation and we ought to try and
encourage a move
- for Party Talks that's North Korea
South Korea US China in the end all
roads to Pyongyang lead through Beijing
we need their help so let's try and get
all four around the table and I think we
have a 70% chance of walking away from
this thing in one piece all right those
are some odds Admiral James stavridis
sobering thank you very much Senator
Richard Blumenthal thank you as well and
coming up from stormy Daniels to Russia
President Trump is drowning in legal
drama but a former Trump campaign
official is telling Bob Muller about his
ties to Russian intelligence and then
there's the reported talk about possible
pardons for Paul Manafort and Michael
Flynn Morning Joe is coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
