day 433 of the Trump administration
another great day for all those involved
in the newspaper war that this
administration has sparked not a great
day to be the now former VA secretary
and in a moment we'll talk about the
latest departure from the Trump cabinet
and how the president plans to fill this
particular job but first as they say two
reports today with major possible
implications on the obstruction angle of
the Muller investigation the New York
Times first on the board Washington Post
quickly followed to report president
Trump's former lead counsel in the
Russia case John Dowd spoke last year
with lawyers for former national
security adviser Michael Flynn and one
time Trump campaign manager Paul
Manafort about possible presidential
pardons a five-person reporting team for
The Times writes this quote the
discussions came as the Special Counsel
was building cases against both men and
they raised questions about whether the
lawyer John Dowd who resigned last week
was offering pardons to influence their
decisions about whether to plead guilty
and cooperate in the investigation the
three authors of the Washington Post
piece write it this way quote president
Trump's lawyer told attorneys
representing Paul Jay men afford last
summer that the president might be
willing to pardon his former campaign
chairman if he was charged with a crime
stemming from the investigation into
Russian election interference according
to two people familiar with the
discussions Muller has already indicted
Paul Manafort on several charges of
financial fraud he has pleaded not
guilty he has pointedly not flipped or
taken a deal he's chosen not to
cooperate in this investigation Michael
Flynn however has pleaded guilty the
line to investigators and is now
cooperating with the special Council
President Trump was specifically asked
about the possibility of a pardon for
Flynn this was back in December when he
did not rule it out I thought Michael
Flynn would you consider a pardon for
Michael Flynn I don't want to talk about
party so Michael slay yet
we'll see what happens let's see I can
say this when you look at what's going
on with the FBI and with the Justice
Department people are very very angry
back in July the Washington Post
reported quote Trump has asked his
advisers about his power to pardon aides
family members and even himself in
connection with the probe today former
Trump lawyer John Dowd and current White
House attorney Ty Cobb denied that there
were any discussions about pardoning
Flynn and Manta fort during today's
briefing Sarah Huckabee Sanders gave a
similar response but note her use of
present tense language during a critical
point in this answer Ty Cobb is the
person that would be most directly
involved in this and he's got a
statement on the record saying that
there's no discussion and there's no
consideration of those at this time of
the White House did the president direct
John Gao to talk to the attorneys of
Organa port about the potential I'm not
aware of any conversations of that
nature at all there was one reaction
from someone close to the White House
that bears noting George Conway husband
of Trump councilor Kellyanne Conway and
a lawyer in his own right fired this
post off on Twitter shortly after The
Times broke its story
it reads simply quote this is
flabbergasting for more we turn to our
leadoff panel on a Wednesday night
formidable panel they are Michael
Schmidt New York Times Washington
correspondent his name among those five
by lines on the Times report we just
mentioned we welcome to our broadcast
Carol lenok political investigations
reporter for The Washington Post and a
Pulitzer Prize winner hers was among the
Washington Post by lines today Michael
and Carol both MSNBC contributors and
for good measure also with us is Jeremy
bash former chief of staff at CIA and
pentagon former chief counsel to house
Intel and an MSNBC national security
analyst welcome to you both
Michael since you were first on the
board what was the most important part
in your view of
in your of your own reporting and is
anyone alleging that mr. Dowd was
freelancing on his own without
permission from his client well that's
really the question at the heart of this
was doubt simply out just talking just
trying to feel out the lawyers and try
and you know make a deal here himself or
was he doing it at the president's
behest that's the real question what did
the president know and when did he know
it people that no doubt find it hard to
believe that he would go out and have
such discussions without talking to the
president about it and if you remember
this happened in July right after Dowd
took over the special counsels
investigation to be going on for just a
few months
Trump was beginning to understand the
severity of it he was considering
himself getting rid of Muller and that
is when the discussions happened Carol
you've been focused on manna fort take
us back to that time and fast forward
with us to present day and how notable
it remains that he is still in the fight
and has not flipped it's really really
important Brian and and remember at this
moment in time it's hard to rewind
because it feels like it was five years
ago but it was just about seven months
at this moment it was very well known
throughout there are tons of news
reports saying that Paul Manafort was
under intense scrutiny under intense
pressure to cooperate with Bob Muller's
and his special counsel team and the
president was conferring privately with
his own lawyers about whether or not he
could pardon himself his allies his
friends as we reported it back in July
this was an intense period and there are
is a lot of speculation now looking back
on why is it that a man who faces if
convicted of the charges he faces
decades in prison why does he
consistently resist cooperating or even
entering into plea negotiations his
attorneys have been very quiet except to
say that they are convinced that the
charges are an overreach they don't
appear to be an ovary
in fact they feel especially on the
financial fraud cases to be an
open-and-shut matter
so it remains incredibly mysterious as
to why there are no talks to negotiate
with Bob Muller also Carol remember I
remember where I was specifically
driving on the New Jersey Turnpike just
past Newark Airport and I don't like to
brag when I heard the news that Sheriff
Joe Arpaio was getting pardoned and
remember how many of us thought that was
kind of a potential bellwether maybe a
little a signal absolutely and there was
a lot of recoiling in the legal
community about just that Brian fear
that the President had overstepped
because remember the difference there
was that the sheriff the sheriff was
accused of contempt of a federal order
and was it appropriate for a president
to step in with his you know very
expansive pardon power but ultimately
limited and to make that kind of gesture
for somebody who was snubbing the entire
federal government and a court order
Jeremy bash among your bona fides I did
not mention harvard-educated lawyer
which is the sight of you we desperately
need in this conversation as I
understand the law which isn't saying
much it's not illegal to mention in
conversation a pardon per se it being
the most awesome power we grant our
presidents it is illegal however and
could be construed as such to dangle a
pardon and we should also mention it
usually comes as a last resort not a
first yea the Constitution gives
extraordinary leeway to a president to
pardon almost anybody who wants for
almost anything under any circumstances
and so the president discussing a pardon
I think it's gonna be hard for a
prosecutor's say that per se is illegal
but what's so unusual in this case is
that of course the investigation is
about the president as it is about the
president's conduct and his the
president's inner circle and so we've
never in our country had a circumstance
in which the pardon was used to obstruct
an investigation of the Pres
this may be a case of first impression
for this special counsel and this might
be the kind of thing that if litigated
could go all the way to the Supreme
Court and that that becomes a unique
question is what you're saying to this
case that we've never seen a pardon
dangled in this way that could
potentially affect the outcome of a case
detrimental to the president absolutely
that's that's precisely right when else
in our history has the president sought
preemptively to pardon people so that
they wouldn't testify against him in a
massive national security investigation
of his own conduct
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
