all right thank going tonight when the
New York Times dropped its bombshell
story today that Donald Trump's lawyer
had raised the idea of pardons from
Michael Flynn and Paul Manafort as
Special Counsel Robert Muller was
building his cases against them
Twitter predictably blew up with
reactions from Trump Watchers
Congressman Eric's well well who sits in
the House Intelligence Committee said
breaking new Trump Russia collusion
evidence unearthed friend of the show
Matt Miller tweeted this is just
straight-up corruption every lever Trump
has to try and impede the investigation
he has used from Harvard professor
Lawrence tribe pardon me more hash tag
obstruction of justice and then well
then we notice this one from Twitter
user George Conway who commented simply
quote this is flabbergasting and we
agreed George Conway husband of Donald
Trump's top advisor Kellyanne Conway it
is flabbergasting George Conway's rogue
twitter account is linked to in 60
seconds
Kellyanne Conway is of course one of the
presidents most trusted advisors and she
always is ready to come out and deliver
the Trump line take a listen to this one
example about presidential pardons was
the White House prepping pardons for
everyone the answer is no and I
discussed this with the president
directly that's another part of the hoax
his point is exactly what he says at the
end of that tweet which is that why are
we talking about there's nothing to
pardon there's no one to partner why we
tried our presidential plans where
there's no presidential crime hmm
nothing to pardon no Anna pardon see
right on message unfortunately for
Kellyanne her own husband appears to
have gone way off message calling the
news that trumps lawyer did discuss
pardons for to his former aides last
year quote flabbergasting and that is
just the latest in a series of tweets
from George Conway where he appears to
be trolling the Trump White House mr.
Conway was a quiet infrequent Twitter
user until this month when he Unleashed
about 200 tweets and retweets roughly
half of which are critical of Trump
according to The Huffington Post George
Conway certainly has a right to his own
opinion no matter who his wife works for
we know how Kellyanne feels about a
man's right to tweet literally people
will seriously say can't you delete his
I was there one of my visions
not for me to take away a grown man's
Twitter account
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
