breaking news tonight the lawyer who
just left Donald Trump's legal team had
raised the idea of pardons with the
lawyers for Michael Flynn and Paul Mann
afford New York Times reporting these
discussions came right when Bob Muller
was building cases against those two
critical Trump aids and it's not the
first time the Trump has apparently
talked with people of special interest
to Muller consider the report also in
The Times the Trump was talking to
witnesses about what they discussed with
Muller and that report as well as the
larger questions of whether Trump was
playing fast and loose and potentially
obstructing the probe led to a very
memorable response from the normally
measured acting Solicitor General the
United States Neil Koch oh he's the man
who actually wrote the rules for the
special counsel it looks so bad and
basically you've got Donald Trump acting
like a two-bit criminal here I
represented bin Laden's driver and let
me tell you bin Laden's driver acted
with far more integrity at every stage
in the investigation than Donald Trump
has so forth that top DOJ official Neil
Koch all is my exclusive guest on the
beat right now
Neil when the story broke we reached out
and you made time for us I'm very
appreciative of that your view of number
one the significance of this report as
as it's alleged in the New York Times
and number two whether it is potentially
a way that John Dowd was trying to evade
where Muller was headed yeah it's
significant both for President Trump
personally as well as more generally for
the investigation for president Trump I
guess you have to ask you know why is it
that the president's lawyer is dangling
out pardons last summer to two people
Flynn and Manta Ford who aren't just
like any ordinary criminals these are
his you know top advisers his cap top
national security official his top
campaign chair and they're accused of
conspiring with the Russians and Trump
is now offering through his lawyer a set
of pardons why is he doing that so
that's the first thing you have to think
about then the second is does this
create additional legal liability both
for Trump and now for Trump's lawyer
doubt because you know one or the other
of them had this kind of nutty idea that
they should offer up witnesses in a
federal criminal investigation they
offer up apartment you know that that's
mind blowing Lee stupid you say offer
that up and of course John Dowd is left
which means there's no actual criminal
defense attorney specialists left on
this team who is left is Jay Sekulow
known for perfectly able loitering but
in other areas here he was previously
knocking down this kind of question
about pardons we have not and I'm
continue to not have conversations with
the President of the United States
regarding pardons pardons have not been
discussed and pardons are not on the
table that was last summer in the White
House reiterating that today I wonder if
you could explain to to us and our
viewers why is it that the legal team
and the White House feel the need to say
there aren't even discussing pardons
while at the same time trumps most
ardent allies say well this is a lawful
power he could do it if he wanted well
accuracy has not exactly been the strong
suit of this White House so I think that
this just follows in with so much else
and I think that you know the
president's defenders are now saying
well he has the absolute right to pardon
someone so it can't be a crime it can't
be obstruction of justice but I think
that really misses the boat I mean sure
the president has the pardon power to
power power to pardon just like I got
the right to burn my laptop and set it
on fire but I don't have the right to
set my laptop on fire if I know the cops
are coming for it that is obstruction
same thing here you know you don't go
and tell a witness who is possibly going
to testify against you
oh well I'll give you a pardon don't
worry about this I mean you know as
criminal defense lawyers one of the
first things any smart lawyer would do
to any one any one of their clients is
to say hey don't talk to any witnesses
don't even say hello to them on the
street let alone something like offering
up a pardon a massive
get-out-of-jail-free card and so briefly
when you when you lay that out do you
think that the White House with John
Dowd out is concerned about these leaks
any idea why now well I think they have
to be concerned and you know it's
unclear exactly what's going on but
remember doubt did resign on Thursday
and one possibility is that now doubt
himself is part of the criminal
investigation if Dad
did this you know not at Trump's behest
but on his own offered up the pardons
that would be a kind of classic
obstruction case you know if by contrast
Trump you know he's acting at Trump's
you know the hessed then both of them
may be guilty of conspiracy and the fact
that the pardons weren't actually issued
doesn't actually insulate them from
conspiracy because you don't actually
have to issue them as you often do you
look farther around the corner than than
many of us because you're spotlighting
something we hadn't discussed yet which
is is there any criminal liability
exposure for John Dow depending on
exactly how these conversations went and
we know Bob Muller has no problem going
after lawyers he did it with Manta
Ford's lawyer put him in the grand jury
box and tonight earlier we were
reporting on sentencing proceedings for
one lawyer so it's very interesting that
that point you raised with all due
caveats that's not where the time story
was yet Neil Koch all very grateful for
you joining us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
