welcome back meet the midterms meets
President Obama yep former President
Obama is waiting into the velvet sea of
this year's midterm elections a source
close source confirmed NBC news that
Obama will appear at a Beverly Hills
fundraiser in may from Missouri
Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill the
two go way back she was the first female
senator if you remember to endorse him
during his 2008 run for president over
Hillary Clinton did not make a friend of
the Clintons in that year in turn this
will be Obama's first fundraising event
for an individual candidate this year
since leaving the White House Obama has
only hit the campaign trail for a select
few Democrats like Ralph Northam and his
competitive race for Virginia governor
last fall McCaskill is similarly
expected to be in a tough race after all
president Trump won Missouri by 19
points in 2016 but she's not the only
one running for the Senate seat who's
getting some presidential help mr. Trump
appeared at a fundraiser earlier this
month for Republican State Attorney
General Josh Hawley who's considered the
frontrunner to take on McCaskill hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
