the administration right to be taking
credit it seems you think so because
sanctions have never been applied to
North Korea to this level and you have
to admit that Chinese I mean no other
administration was able to get the
Chinese to implement sanctions to this
level so to to I mean it's true that a
lot of pressures has been applied to the
North Korean regime on you know more now
than ever before in the past so the
president clearly as you heard heather
allude to there you Jeannie Gibson wants
to be sort of getting his fingers in the
pocket he wants to be in the mix when it
comes to what's happening with North
Korea when it comes what's happening
with China you're seeing that very
clearly and I posed the same question to
you ginger is he right to be taking
credit for some of this he is right to
be taking credit his administration is
the one that's executing this there's a
risk though when you take credit if it
goes wrong if it fails so what happens
then if in fact these talks don't go off
or they go poorly that could be a real
problem we know the president of the
history of trying to blame others when
things go wrong on his watch so I expect
for you would see that but we're talking
about massive international relations
with multi national discussions with a
lot of leaders and you need to be
careful and with the shake-up at the
State Department the shake-up in the
White House this is a really difficult
sort of course for him to navigate these
advisers are going to be important to
keeping him on that course well
absolutely agree but we also have the
national security team in place that's
very hawkish in North Korea so
absolutely so we do have to make sure
the talks - that's what I was thinking
about because John Beau and I don't
think hats the type of confidence that
North Korea is gonna back away from what
they're doing in on this in the area of
nuclear weapons rather their sanctions
or negotiations are not so whether or
not the president will pay that much
attention to him it's what a lot of us
are paying it and in the midst of it all
you also have news now that the
president has scored his first trade
deal unilateral trade deal with South
Korea with obviously this very close
ally working with us now in the
negotiation to have this meeting the
Bloomberg headline talks about the idea
that the president has sort of ticked
this one off the box here how important
is that to the way that this
relationship is moving forward I think
it's very important because how the US
government operates with South Korea on
the area related to tree is
Linley impacted upon how things work
North Korea and China like we can't
operate with these not at all last
thoughts to you sue
well let's really hope that our the
meeting between Trump Minh Kim jong-un
goes well all hands on deck to make sure
that that happens because otherwise I
think we're in trouble
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
