what gets back to what has the ongoing
legal dispute between he and stormy
Daniels and stormy Daniels lawyer human
nature Joe is this I mean if a firetruck
comes down the street people cheer if a
cop car comes down the street people get
nervous that police car is now parked
outside the White House the cops are not
yet at the door but it would seem to me
that the president knighted States
having already gone through his
principal warrior John Dowd telling them
I'm out of here because you're not
listening to me we don't know what Dowd
has told the president that he wanted
the president to hear I suspect it's
probably not great news but doubt is
gone his principal lawyer he can't find
another really top-shelf lawyer to
represent him he's probably this morning
looking at Legal Zoom to try and figure
out what we do in his defense yeah I
mean John Heilemann it's a joke I mean
he's got I think he's got a murder
lawyer out of Georgia and he's got Jay
Sekulow that used to talk about
religious freedom and he's going up
against the the greatest prosecutor of
our time and and just listening to what
mike says let's just stop for a second
and say wait a sec you have a porn star
and his lawyer on cable news that's
effectively frozen the President of the
United States from doing anything in
public for three days I mean the
scheduled light for the third straight
day
yeah and Joe I think that that kind of
gets to the question of whether I I
understand you're a you have called
yourself a humble country lawyer on many
occasions on this program and I
understand that you think that Michael I
vanadis tactics are distasteful and and
and I agreed with you the other day
about the CD having been a little bit
too cute of a ploy and not having
delivered on 60 minutes I will say this
though the argument you just made
suggests that what Michael happen at
he's doing is he's playing the game here
in the way that Donald Trump has played
the game in the past he is he is a
breeze brash he's on offense
he's on cable news he's doing exactly
the kind of he's prosecuting the
president in the way the president
prosecuted prosecuted Hillary Clinton
the way the president prosecuted his
Republican rival
the 2016 campaign he's a he's a tabloid
lawyer using cable news in the same way
that President Trump or candidate Trump
was a tabloid candidate using cable news
to try to in a garish brash often
distasteful way to to advance his
political agenda and and what you just
said is for all the the kind of
unsettling sometimes seemingly
over-the-top nature of a vanadis tactics
he has frozen the president like a deer
in the headlights
and I think Donald Trump is sitting
around thinking about how his behavior
is explained by hey how do I try to stay
out of the court and state keep and keep
from being deposed in this case and how
many other ndas are out there how many
women are what is the flood here if
stormy Daniels wins if Michael a fan
daddy wins how many other women are
going to come forward how many of those
women may have more damaging things on
Donald Trump the stormy Daniels does if
those are standard form NDA's that
Michael Cohen was sending out how many
women are there out there operating
under that same NDA Michael a benattia
is now said there are eight who've
approached him there may be more than
that so I think so a lot of these things
are the reasons why Donald Trump may
seem a little bit paralyzed at the
moment and it's another argument John
helman that the tactic that avenatti is
using whether we find it untoward or not
may be actually exactly playing into
Trump's behavior but also helping him
collect more women more NDA's and does
Melania have an NDA and how is she
feeling this morning finding out about a
list of women who have signed NDA's to
keep their silence about sexual
interactions with President Trump during
the time he was married to her I think
he's in a very uncomfortable place this
morning which leaves him mute which is
unusual thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
