day 432 of the Trump administration and
president Trump remains
uncharacteristically silent over alleged
affairs with a porn star and a Playboy
magazine model it has been over 48 hours
now since 22 million people give or take
watch stormy Daniels detail her alleged
intimate encounter with Trump on 60
minutes and for a president who normally
lacks steely message disciplined he is
exhibiting steely message discipline
through the White House and officially
from the briefing room podium he has
denied affairs with both stormy Daniels
and Karen McDougal
today Sarah Huckabee Sanders again said
president Trump denies stormy Daniels
allegations and pointed reporters to the
president's outside counsel but she was
also asked about the president not
punching back on this issue have you sat
down with the President to talk about
stormy Daniels what has he told you that
he wants us to know about this topic as
I just said as we've addressed on a
number of times the president has denied
these allegations and I don't have
anything else further to add on that
problem you may have called him to
counterpunch her many times why is he
not punched back on this one look the
president I didn't say he punches back
on every single topic if he did he would
probably be addressing a lot of the
stories that most of you write every
single minute of every single day he
also has a country to run and he's doing
a great job with that
sometimes he chooses to specifically
engage and punch back and sometimes he
doesn't let's remember here for just a
moment this is a president who has gone
after countless people he gave derisive
nicknames to his primary opponents he
went after Pope Francis and routinely
trolls his own Attorney General the New
York Times reports Trump's advisors are
relieved with his silence over stormy
Daniels but quote inside the White House
mr. Trump is eager to defend himself
against allegations that he insists are
false those close to him say and is he
is growing increasingly frustrated with
breathless wall-to-wall news media
coverage of the salacious details from
the two women stormy Daniels attorney
Michael avenatti is doing all he can to
keep his client front and center and in
the headlines tonight avenatti said that
eight more women have now come forward
with stories similar to stormy Daniels
but that he could not vouch for their
accounts until they have been
investigated earlier this evening and on
this very Network Chris Hayes asked him
why Trump is remaining silent on stormy
Daniels allegations
I guess there's there's two theories one
maybe we're not punching hard enough
maybe we're not being aggressive enough
and that's why he's not counter punching
so we're gonna examine that tonight do
you judge yourself harshly for that if
that's true yeah I mean I guess you know
I guess we've been pretty weak in our
approach over the last three weeks and
we're gonna have to re-examine how we're
gonna approach this thing so that's one
theory and we're gonna go to work on
that tonight and then the second theory
and I actually think this is the theory
that holds he knows it's true Chris and
you know he wants deniability it's the
same reason why he didn't sign the
agreement so he could later claimed he
didn't know anything about it
catherine Lucey and jonathan Lemire of
The Associated Press write today that
the president's opponents are taking a
page right out of his own playbook quote
with suggestive statements cryptic
tweets provocative lawsuits and must-see
television interviews Trump's
adversaries are using some of his own
tactics to grab and keep the spotlight
at the moment the most visible is
Daniels who received a $130,000 payment
to stay silent about an alleged affair
with Trump and is now seeking to
invalidate a nondisclosure agreement she
and her attorney Michael avenatti have
teased out details of her relationship
with Trump for weeks with avenatti
giving explosive interviews almost daily
and Daniel's taunting the President on
social media Michael Cohen has said the
payment came from his own personal
account a line of credit and not the
Trump campaign or the Trump Organization
but avenatti provided another tease for
viewers tonight saying there is much
more to come the initial interview was
about two hours and I think the total
time for her on the 60 minutes piece was
probably 16 17 18 minutes so there's a
lot of information that was left on the
cutting-room floor there's a lot of
details there's a lot of embarrassing
information that has yet to
come out as avenatti keeps up his media
tour we should note president Trump's
last public on-camera event was last
Friday germane to this discussion we're
about to have let's turn to our leadoff
panel for a Tuesday night Jill Colvin's
back with us White House reporter for
The Associated Press Phillip Rucker back
with us White House bureau chief for The
Washington Post also returning former US
Attorney Joyce fans who spent 25 years
as a federal prosecutor Jill I'd like to
begin with you there is a term of art at
the White House something called the in
town travel pull and it means you have
the glory and honor of riding many
vehicles behind the President to
wherever they are going for the evening
tonight I understand he went to a
donor's home in Virginia for a close to
media event but you're among the few who
saw him at least out of the vehicle and
walking correct that's right I mean this
is the only appearance that we've seen
at all from the president and when I say
appearance I mean a photographer with a
very long lens managed to cap the
deterrent image of him with an umbrella
walking between the White House and his
limousine to travel to this event with
donors out in McLean Virginia the
president has had no events on his
public schedule that have been
accessible to reporters we haven't been
able to ask him questions
I couldn't yesterday today looks like
the public schedule tomorrow has no
events now and this is very unusual for
the president obviously he's someone who
typically interacts a lot with reporters
and we've also seen him completely
silent on this topic on Twitter now it's
really interesting because usually
Trump's advisors are basically begging
him to please stop tweeting about issues
the brusha investigation being the first
and foremost saying you're gonna make
things worse by tweeting here the
president is actually following their
advice then we know that the stormy
issue is something that is bothering him
increasingly personally you turn on any
television station it's wall-to-wall
stormy except when he's watching Fox and
Friends in the morning we know that he's
been telling friends talking about it
and concerned about it nonetheless he's
decided to stay quiet you know this is
something where he has felt so far that
if he engages it might actually can
continue to make this percolate but
having at the
point even though he's not engaging it's
not going away so choice you're the
former Fed here unless Phil has a past
I'm not aware of so your first rodeo
this is not you shared with our
producers a theory and we want to label
it as such
a theory you have as to what is keeping
the president so uncharacteristically
silent and disciplined on this topic he
really has been silent here he's been
almost as thinks like as Robert Muller
and that's not behavior we're used to
seeing from this president but he has
had some prior experience as recently as
January that may be helping him to take
his lawyer's advice to remain silent in
this case in January a federal judge in
California issued a nationwide
injunction telling Trump that he
couldn't bring about an end to the daca
program involving immigrant children as
he had planned to and one of the primary
pieces of evidence that the judge used
was Trump's own tweets so this process
that he's been using where he's almost
giving a public nationwide deposition on
Twitter
telling us about his his internal
thought processes really came back in a
very negative way to impact the docket
case perhaps he's figured out here that
having public statements could harm an
ultimate position in litigation with
stormy Daniels whether that's in court
or in some form of adjudication that's
outside of the public eye in addition
there Brian it's got to be awfully
difficult for the president to
counterpunch with a wife and a family at
home and those sorts of family
sensitivities may have also given him
the impetus here to remain quiet Philip
on a broadcast you were frequently a
guest on and a broadcast I never miss
here at four o'clock every afternoon
Nicole Wallace today
did her broadcast in front of a massive
graphic that our graphics Department put
together the theme of which was
disparagement all of the names and
organizations that Trump has disparaged
on social media to make this point with
a sledgehammer that the discipline we
are seeing
is beyond rare and I'm assuming you
concur that's exactly right and and
there are really only a few people not
on that wall on Nicole's show today and
the other one is Vladimir Putin you know
president Trump counterpunches against
almost every slight and perceived attack
and grievance that he has but he's not
doing so here on stormy that doesn't
mean that he's not throwing his punches
in private the public Trump is very
different than the private Trump as Jill
was getting to a little earlier the
president has been fuming to some of his
friends and advisers about the stormy
Daniels situation he's been insisting
that the allegations are untrue he's
even been telling some people in the
White House that stormy Daniels is not
his type that she's not the kind of
woman that he's attractive to it's also
worth pointing out that he has sent now
two days in a row his spokesperson at
the White House yesterday it was Raja
the deputy press secretary today it was
Sara Sanders the press secretary to deny
the accusations to deny what what stormy
Daniels had alleged in that 60 minutes
interview and they did it two days in a
row despite the fact that privately you
know top White House officials say they
view stormy Daniels is relatively
credible and they view this news story
as a serious one and when it could
potentially have damage for president
Trump's hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
