president Trump's most urgent political
problem doesn't involve Robert S
Mulliken stormy Daniels Vladimir Putin
or the hundreds of thousands of voters
who marched for gun control rather it's
that his diehard supporters might be
starting to realize how thoroughly
he has played them for suckers defend
your thesis well there was after the
President signed the spending bill on
Friday which does not fund the massive
big beautiful border wall that he
planned to build but does fund Planned
Parenthood among other Democratic
priorities some of the loudest and most
caustic vote voices on the far right lit
up and started to light him up about it
I believe it was an Coulter yes we did
congratulations president Schumer and
and and these are voices that the Trump
base listens to you know he has talked a
big game but on this if you would on
which he is connected so viscerally with
his base disgracefully in many ways I
would think immigration a highly
emotional issue he has he has not
delivered he has not built his wall and
yet he and he expects continued support
and one wonders again you know you could
go broke he s predicting the Donald
Trump's both base will abandon him so
one can't predict that but he is not
totally immune to the laws of political
physics and in fact if you tell people
long enough I'm gonna do X n you don't
do what you promised to do you know they
might go against you but they might not
come out for you hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other
rape videos
