stormy Daniels really hurt President
Trump badly last night and she hurt him
in the worst way the way that pains him
the most and no it wasn't when she said
that she was not physically attracted to
Donald Trump and it wasn't when she
described spanking Donald Trump and how
like a little boy he became more
compliant after the spanking that wasn't
the worst part of stormy day his
appearance on 60 minutes last night for
Donald Trump
the worst part for the president was
that as Rachel just said stormy Daniels
got a great rating and she actually beat
Donald Trump she beat him in the ratings
22 million people watched stormy Daniels
on 60 minutes last night and that's more
than the 20 million who watched Donald
Trump on 60 minutes after he won the
presidency Donald Trump already suffered
the pain of getting a smaller 60-minutes
audience as president-elect donno than
Barack Obama did as president elect in
2008 president-elect Obama got 25
million people to tune in to his
appearance on 60 minutes stormy Daniels
beat Donald Trump again today she beat
him in a new poll that shows 62 percent
believe stormy Daniels and 21 percent
believe the President of the United
States the poll actually included more
than just storming Daniels versus Donald
Trump it combined stormy Daniels with
former Playboy model Karen McDougal in a
question about do you believe the women
are do you believe the President of the
United States and so the team of stormy
Daniels and Karen McDougal beat Donald
Trump 62 to twenty one and today stormy
Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti who will
join us in a moment amended her lawsuit
to include the accusation of defamation
against Donald Trump's lawyer Michael
Cohen Donald Trump is still maintaining
his terrified silence about stormy
Daniels
he has never directly personally denied
having a sexual relationship with stormy
Daniels the first time stormy jangles
talked about her affair with Donald
Trump was 2011 in a long interview with
In Touch magazine which the magazine did
not then publish in Touch magazine
released the full transcript of that in
two
you two months ago everything that
stormy Daniels said last night in the
sixty minutes interview was consistent
with something she had already said in
the in touch magazine interview in 2011
including the comparison to Donald
Trump's daughter he's like wow you you
are special you remind me of my daughter
you know he's like you're smart
beautiful and a woman to be recognized I
like you I like you the president's
daughter was also involved in the story
stormy Daniels told about a magazine it
was this edition of Forbes magazine with
Donald Trump and his daughter and son on
the cover I was like so much to take
that magazine and spank you with it and
I'll never forget the look on his face
he was like was looking just I don't
think anyone's ever spoken I have like
that especially a you know a young woman
who looked like me and I said you know
give me that I'm like you wouldn't paint
it over and so he did and I was like
turn around drop him
you told Donald Trump to turn around and
take off his pants yes and did he yes so
you turn around and pulled his pants
down a little no he had underwear on and
stuff and and I just gave him a couple
swats what was new in the 60 Minutes
interview was stormy danglers
description of an alleged threat in 2011
after she had told her story to In Touch
magazine I was in a parking lot going to
a fitness class with my infant daughter
I was taking you know the seats facing
backwards in the backseat diaper bag you
know getting all the stuff out and a guy
walked up on me and said to me leave
Trump alone forget the story and then he
leaned around and looked at my daughter
and said it's a beautiful little girl
would be a shame if something happened
to her mom and then he was gone you took
it as a direct threat absolutely
I was rattled I remember going into the
workout class and my hands are shaking
so much I was afraid I was gonna drop
her did you ever see that person again
No
but I if I did I would know it right
away
this was apparently just too stormy a
day for the White House press secretary
and so the White House press secretary
decided to let the deputy press
secretary handle the briefing for a
change
did he by chance watch the interview
last night did you ask him about that
you know I'm not gonna get into you know
what what the president may or may not
have seen I'll just say that he's
consistently denied these allegations of
course the president has not
consistently denied these allegations
the president has never let me repeat
never denied the allegations from stormy
Daniels about him hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
