the current bout a renewed focus on gun
violence as country began with an
horrific but relatively rare event a
mass shooting in a school a mass
shootings overall not just in schools
accounted for just one percent of the
more than 38,000 firearm deaths took
place in the United States in 2016 and
that's a reality that Parkland students
to their great credit have gone out of
their way to stress over and over again
the vast majority of law has lost two
guns happen away from national TV news
in September for example 16 year olds I
or Kelly was walking home in Brentwood a
neighborhood in Northeast Washington DC
he was just steps from his front door
when he was shot and killed only a few
miles from the site of this weekend's
historic March Tremaine Lee spoke
desires twin brother Zion who spoke at
this weekend's March about what he lost
and the movement he is now trying to
help build at this moment please raise
your hand you have been affected by gun
violence
so honor the ones you have lost
today I rest I raised my hand an honor
of my twin brother Zion Kelly on
September 20th a robber with a gun was
lurking on my streets for hours on my
way I might walk home he attempted to
rob me but I ran he shot my brother in
the head
you know my whole life I've been a twin
so it's really brand-new to me only I
don't have a word to explain how it
feels it just me sometimes I say it was
like just like really devastating
because he'd been there with me like all
my life are there moments when you still
feel your brother with you yeah I mean
they're moments you know but I feel that
he's like you know right there with me
in my room I feel this presence like
hear his voice in the back of my head
and I think about him every day the
grief in the healing is a process and
just trying to get by you know day by
day with the grief of losing my son and
just seeing the strengthen Zion you know
that helps tremendously we've been
through a lot over the past six months
and for him to be able to have the
courage to tell his story and for it his
voice to be heard just makes me feel
really proud as a parent in so many ways
students from DC and the kids in
parkland live worlds apart but is there
a kinship in other ways yes so when
people from my school and from Spelman
Stoneman Douglas I'm first met you know
we we understood they were all going
through the same struggles well we all
have been affected by gun violence and
we all agree that this needs to come to
an end so it didn't matter you know the
reefs we were from anything and mattered
that were all Americans and we're all
fighting the same problem
rakitin I'm here to replicate the
hundreds and hundreds of thousands of
students that's of powers and I see when
my brother was alive everything like I
was like never than one job he speak out
in front everyone and do public speaking
and all that stuff so it was mainly him
like I was like sort of like in the show
so like me doing all this speaking at
the March and speaking in front of no
caromed and stuff
it's basically just like him pushing me
through
I'm here to represent the hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of students who
live in everyday live everyday a
constant paranoia and fair mother way to
and from school does the movement in
here do you think you can take it on
further not a movement that's not in
here I mean right now I'm not sure what
we want to take a fall but continue to
move before until until we receive
change because change is not going to
happen tomorrow my name is Eileen hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
