now that the March for our lives has
ended the conversation is turning to the
future particularly ways in which we can
end the epidemic of gun violence in the
United States when you look at some of
the deadliest mass shootings in American
history one fact becomes abundantly
clear the shooter is almost always a man
ninety-four percent of all mass
shootings are committed by men including
most of the deadliest shootings in
recent American history starting with
the Las Vegas concert shooting the
deadliest mass shooting in modern
history left 58 people dead the 2016
pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando 49
people died the shooting at Sandy Hook
Elementary School in Newtown Connecticut
killed 27 including more than a dozen
children
last year shooting at a church in
Sutherland Springs Texas the deadliest
American shooting in a place of worship
left 26 people dead and of course there
was last month's shooting at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida 17 students and adults were
killed in fact only one of the top 10
deadliest shootings in modern US history
involved a woman that was the shooting
in San Bernardino California which was
perpetrated by a husband and wife 14
people died so what's happening to our
boys and how can we help them well my
colleague Stephanie ruhle sat down with
a group of young men to explore the
pressures of masculinity and why some
eventually turned to violence if you
want to be man enough you don't cry you
can't show pain you can't show upset man
up dominate turn it all off emotional
struggle a fact of life boys find
obvious but it's largely gone ignored
until recently tragedy forced the
conversation when the Parkland shooting
happened I just felt so sad because
we've been living with this time and
time and time again Michael Ian Black
a comedian and writer penned an op-ed
for the New York Times that went viral
pointing out the common thread among
most mass shootings always are the ones
who are committing these crimes boys are
the ones
who were pulling the trigger and I
wanted to raise the question what's
going on with the boys
the statistics confirm the concerns one
in four boys are bullied only 30% tell
an adult boys are four times more likely
to be expelled from school than girls
the suicide rate is four times higher
for males and yes 94% of mass shootings
are committed by males most boys are
going to grow up and never ever commit
acts of violence like this but I feel
confident in saying most boys would also
rather starve to death in their homes
than ask their male friend for help
shoveling their driveway this rigid
model of masculinity it's killing us we
brought together a group of young men to
give us their take on the emotional
well-being of boys today who's been told
to man up what does that mean no no
emotion yeah what's the hardest part
about growing up for boys hiding the
pain yeah not being able to express
yourself kind of makes you feel trapped
almost because it's like you have
nowhere to go
I have sons who don't want to open up to
me why would you do the I'm fine it's
okay it's easier why is it easier oh
you're hurting inside you're succeeding
as a guy you are doing the right thing
we're taught at a really young age
don't cry have no fear you're like okay
if I get through this people will go wow
that guy's really strong he's tough the
violence starts the suicide starts the
depression starts all about the same
time that we ask boys to man up
dr. Niobe Way is a professor of
developmental psychology at NYU focused
on adolescence not needing other people
that is at the root of masculinity and
if you look at all the school shooters
including the one at Parkland every
single one of them has said in some way
that they feel desperate for connection
so there was this one time I was with my
friend he just looked at me started
crying and I really had no idea what to
do because I've never had anybody any
guy at least expresses just the emotions
towards me he just
I think I just need a hug and we hug
them and afterwards we both look at each
other and we're like we're never gonna
say anything to anyone when you cry does
it make you feel like a failure oh
there's that sense of sitting there
going why am i crying I shouldn't be
crying about this because it's normal I
understand that it is normal but it is
not normal and they all laugh because
they know exactly what I'm talking about
it is normal but it isn't normal it is
human but it is not man when you see
these terrible headlines about gun
violence or when you see numbers of
suicides going up do you guys understand
it 100% tell me why for people who
aren't part of a normal guy group
they're both isolated from the other
guys and often isolated from the girls
around them how come these horrible
school shooting incidents Zoey the guy
why isn't ever a girl I don't think ever
will be a girl because girls will
express their feelings and they will get
it out girls are able to have more
acceptable outlets than guys how can we
make things easier for you get rid of
the old stereotypes that we have in our
society of a manly figure I think that
starts with kids and teach them about
expressing yourself without viewing is
are wrong I guess it's up to me to take
that first step
hope that somebody is right behind me
and continue taking the second steps a
new generation hopes could help protect
their own future Stephanie wolf New York
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
