this is like Christmas for Democrats I
mean domestic spending goes through the
roof Chuck Schumer's like let the cat
await the canary
meanwhile Trump gets a fraction of what
he wanted I personally wish the
president vetoed this bill made them
stay in Washington make them keep their
promises what happened to the Republican
Party that whatever happened that party
to believe in fiscal responsibility this
was a huge defeat for the President on a
signature issue it's really really bad
there's no way to spin it welcome back
to am joy hours after surprising his
entire staff by issuing a veto threat
Donald Trump backed all the way down and
signed a massive 1.3 trillion dollar
spending bill on Friday that ignored
every single promise he made to his
devoted followers including explicitly
prohibiting any funding for the precious
their beloved Wall and that had his
choir the right-wing media singing out
of tune and morphing into his loudest
critics at least for now
conservatives fumed over that veto bluff
from the house freedom caucus to rush
limbaugh to Breitbart news to even his
fawning advocates on Fox and when Trump
admitted to some buyer's remorse the
same day saying and then tweeting that
he will never sign another bill like
this again anti-immigrant commentator
and Coulter shot back tweeting yeah
because you'll be impeached meanwhile we
are just hours away from the interview
with stormy Daniels it airs on 60
minutes tonight and per her attorneys
cryptic tweets showing this CD you might
not be what stormy says but rather what
she shows meaning Trump needs his media
Guardians now more than ever but given
what happened on Friday they may not be
in the mood joining me now is EJ deal of
the Washington Post Michelle Bernardo
votes of the Barnard Center for Women
politics and public policy national
Republican consultant Katyn Dawson and
MSNBC political analyst on a gear das
and I'm gonna go to you first on and on
this it was interesting to see the
biggest cheerleaders for Donald Trump
who sort of laid the groundwork for him
and then lost their base to him so now
they pretty much just have to give him a
love love love all the time not giving
him love on that omnibus bill
what did you make of it I mean I think
the reality is all of the people who
support Donald Trump know deep down in
their hearts if they have hearts that he
was an enormous kind of hold your nose
gamble he didn't he was a he was an X
Democrat he was thrice-married he
clearly did invite you know he clearly
didn't honor any of the kind of
evangelical values that permeate the
party and they kind of glommed onto him
and have stuck with him as he's degraded
our norms and become clearer and clearer
to be a Russian plant because of this
hope that he would do a couple kind of
Republican fiscal policy things that
would make the donor class happy and as
he's violated that he's starting to
break the essential bargain which is a
lot of his supporters are willing to
have the country go to shreds
as long as as long as their tax bill
looks favorable and once you violate
that tax bill you're really starting to
touch something that is sacred I mean
there's always been this sense you know
and maybe I'm just speaking for myself
here Michelle this is sort of that there
was a long con at work here you know
that Donald Trump who you know in his
business dealings I did a certain thing
where he sells you a gilded apartment
building that then has you know quarry
an instead of granite countertops right
and that in politics he would say
whatever he thought the crowd wanted to
hear he'll be all right for the
alt-right people you know he may have
some real rich you know an anti black or
anti-immigrant obviously anti
mexican-american leanings but then he'll
just say what he needs to say but that
he was delivering the things that
Republicans want so the Paul Ryan's of
the world will willing to be slavishly
devoted to him because he's giving them
their big tax cut for corporations he's
giving them their tax cut for the rich
he's giving evangelicals everything
though it's not clear he's ever been to
church but he gives them whatever they
want on this he did he did violate kind
of a thing he had promised in the sense
he also promised to legislate in a
stingy way yes for the domestic audience
give the military anything wrong but not
domestic spending here's Ann Coulter and
then Rush Limbaugh I know I'm sorry and
Jeanine Pirro all sort of reacting to
this sort of apostasy it has now signed
a bill to prohibit the building the wall
the wall street journal' said he did it
he wanted to go tomorrow Lago Oh baloney
that's your interpretation corporate
anything this guy is the hardest-working
guy who's ever been in that White House
he doesn't sleep and he works day and
night but you know I can pay off here
you know why
well the Republicans didn't care enough
I'm feeling like I just saw Donald Trump
get on the escalator and go back up you
know no domestic spending and the wall
and being anti-immigrant to the last to
the last dog dies were the things that
he you know those are the implicit
promises yes but these people don't own
that base anymore now can they steal
them back I guess anything is possible I
mean I'm looking at the clips and I'm
thinking that they just seem to be
figuring out what the rest of the world
has always known you don't know who
Donald Trump is you really don't know
what he stands for and you have to also
start start questioning if they even
know what their own base wants it
clearly doe they want Donald Trump
because people have all gone from being
these sort of loud and chest-thumping
yeah right-wing figures to basically
being Paul I mean being Donald Trump's
Butler staff yes they all have to
because if you don't you will lose your
show I mean they make no mistake I mean
Charlie Sykes has said this right you
have to get it out of the business if
you are not slavish ly devoted to Donald
Trump how much of a risk is it for these
people to not be slaves they devoted is
on the truck well I think we know now
that Ms Pierrot is the next member of
the Trump legal justice on the Supreme
Court she not say yeah
you know I my conservative colleague at
the Washington Post Georgia well this
morning wrote Donald Trump doesn't have
convictions he doesn't have principles
he's got impulses and those are very
different things and during the campaign
he made utterly contradictory promises
when it came to spending and that the
conservative part of his support base
yeah heard him sound like a conservative
but he said repeatedly that there are a
whole lot of things in government he
didn't want to cut because a lot of
those ex Democratic voters mostly
working-class voters who switched him
didn't actually want to cut government
and that display last week where he was
really it was like he was gonna split
himself in two because he sent out that
tweet he said well I'll never sign a
bill like this again
that's one part of Trump right and then
the other part of Trump realized he
couldn't afford a government shutdown he
couldn't afford to walk away from this
bill because there was no solution the
Republicans could pass in Congress other
than the one on his desk yeah I mean
he's one of the Reagan Democrats he is
one of them right I mean that's what
Trump was that's unfair to Reagan that
way probably is unfair to make it dinner
but he's never been clearly what he is I
want to go to Katyn on this because
there is this interplay between Trump
and Fox News where he gets his policy
from them the TV talks to him right and
he kind of does what it says but also
the people on Fox News genuflect toward
him constantly and that makes him feel
good and they keep doing it because it
also increases their influence it's
interesting when that good women when
that glitches so you have a Washington
Post reporting that Dahl job was
actually concerned about the coverage
he's getting on Fox people familiar with
Trump's thinking say that he's
frustrated with the bill and the
coverage it was receiving particularly
on Fox News where critics took aim at
the level of spending in the bill and
now here's Jesse Watters
who's one of the biggest die-hard Trump
fans talking with Kellyanne Conway on
Saturday what happened to the wall
funding the wall funding has begun it's
not everything the president wanted he
made her out of here today well but but
he made very Jesse this is a town then
not so long ago was mocking the very
idea of a wall and now they're giving
billions of dollars worth of funding
toward it step in the right direction
very small stairs so Caitlin you know
what happens when Jesse Walters and
Donald Trump break up is the which
parent does the base go live with yeah
well you know the base is certainly when
you're in the business I meant of
electing Republican politicians you pay
a lot of attention to Fox because that's
where a large audience gets their
political information in a hard hard
conservative Republican primary so
certainly you taught it kind of try to
keep your base together I mean I always
have to remind myself and and and a lot
of the stuff that goes on in Washington
that Donald Trump got elected for
draining the swamp a message of locker
which was Hillary Clinton and do you
want full chaos in Washington well he
has provided full chaos in Washington
and they about 1/3 of the electorate
still likes that they like the confusion
they like all of the messages but but as
I said a couple of weeks ago joy there
was an organic movement that was started
called the Tea Party which was just
about spending completely about deficit
spending and I predicted the water in
their mortgages deadbeats immigration
and race and the hanging about mentality
I got it I'm just telling you
politically what I think and so
politically what I think is that that
certainly you know the president watches
at least two of three cable stations
maybe not seeing it anymore but he does
he watches and he writes MSNBC before I
can assure you of that so he does get a
lot of information there and Fox News
certainly has placated and a lot of
times they're all on the same message
and all in the same sheet but in this
instance there is a conservative base of
people who buy products that are
advertised on these stations and every
now and then you better speak to them
you better talk to them so I think I'm
seeing a little bit of the economics of
of cable TV the economics of politics
but but the message is whether it be
story Daniel's there is so much out
there to absorb right now right that I'm
not sure what's beating its way through
on that station because you know is
basically including the evangelicals
they white evangelicals they don't care
about him being unfaithful to his wife
that's obvious they don't care about his
morals they can't don't care about that
but they really care about building a
wall to keep Mexicans out they really
care about the wall to keep the brown
people out really care about it it might
have been the driving a galvanizing
issue they really care about that right
and they really really care about not
spending money on the poor they done
spending on a domestic programs the tea
party I remember the time the tea party
got like threw a dollar at a guy who was
disabled on the ground and get a job and
flung a dollar there's a real sort of
animus toward people they think are
takers those two things were just
violated in one bill by this guy
it's not the store mediation stuff that
takes him down with them it's that stuff
right how much of that are they willing
to take I agree I can't answer that
question I can tell you that Donald
Trump's not on the ballot till 2020 and
there'll be a referendum in 2018 on him
per se how much does this damage I mean
you can start poking holes in the dam
and watch the water flow through before
it bursts what we've seen some lower
numbers in Republican primaries we just
lost a Republican congressional seat
we're seeing some things that are very
problematic for the conservative
movement and the Republican Party a lot
of that is to be expected but but the
jury's still out on the dynamics of
what's going to happen in 2018 and then
we're going to move to 2020 politics and
you're also watching the the senator
from from from Nevada talking about
running you've got numerous other people
talking about trying to primary a
present which is very hard to do so
there's a lot out there there's a lot
out there to digest yeah that's why this
Fox News stuff is dangerous because you
already have indications in the polls
that the anti-trump voters they're going
to vote as often as they can yeah
not to feed that voter fraud story they
just are all going to get out there
there is real disillusionment on the
Trump side where publicans are not
enthusiastic about voting and when
you're getting attacked by Fox News that
only depresses enthusiasm on your side
further so this is actually something I
think Republicans have to worry about I
mean just listening to that if you
listen to it you think about all of the
promises Donald Trump made to his base
during the campaign I just feel like we
are witnessing not just a fracturing of
the Republican Party but like true
schizophrenia I mean these are people
who say that they want limited
government they don't want to spend too
much money their lambasted the president
because of the way he voted on Friday
but this is a president who also
promised that Mexico was going to build
the wall not the United States
government so why then be angry that the
money has not been right
inappropriate and honored you know you
could go on and on the opioid epidemic
that this you know of hitting so many of
these constituents in some of these deep
red states like West Virginia he's not
doing anything about that in fact he's
coming after their Medicaid he's letting
Paul Ryan work his Ryan budget which
would eventually come after their Social
Security disability insurance
not to mention that starting a trade war
with China makes everything in Walmart
more expensive and is going to destroy
the economy in their States China is
coming for Kentucky they're coming for
their bourbon they're coming for Trump's
voters it there's a tolerance for pain
on this side of that of the aisle that
is pretty remarkable
Democrats refused to vote in 2010 just
because Barack Obama didn't literally
remake the world in a year and a half I
mean so so vigorous is this tolerance
that we're now living through a moment
in which the Democratic Party is going
to be kind of more associated with kind
of the idea of having sex with your
spouse and the Republican Party's going
to be more associated with the idea of
having sex with porn stars right after
your spouse who gives birth which is a
remarkable development from like Bill
Bennett's Republican Party in the 90s
but I just want to say you know this
this week we can't kind of ignore I feel
we're having a conversation about well
the coalition hold and tactics and
polling and how will he assemble his
base I think we sometimes risk
forgetting to have the moral
conversation that this is all about you
know this is not about how you hold the
base together this is the most degrading
holder of this office in American
history this is the most mendacious
occupant of this office in American
history this is a person with zero moral
character without kind of professional
competence to even do any job let alone
this one with complete lack of character
and integrity and kindness towards his
fellow human beings and so the idea that
we're sitting here saying it's so
surprising that he didn't fund this
thing after saying this or it's so
surprising that the border wall we're
missing the thing this is as bad a man
as has ever governed our country and
anyone who is surprised that he
disappoints them about an hole is a fool
themselves yeah and I we are out of time
but I do
have to come back to Kaitlyn I hate to
put Katy always in the position of being
the one guy what's the answer of this
but Kaitlyn at some point I think autumn
makes a really valid point
you know when the Republican Party loses
the ability to make any moral argument
for its leadership when you have a
president who it's not arguable you can
argue that he can in the margins win
this number of voters and you as a
strategist can get certain Republicans
over the finish line with him in the
truck with them but there I mean we're
what moral argument for Republican
leadership is left at long last well
you're you're probably spot on on some
of that I don't think that the
electorate that we deal with are the
lazy voters that we deal with our own
tune with everything we're saying and
everything we're doing this morning
there is a concern in the Republican
Party about where we are and who we
stand for and what we are and that was
what we thought the last election going
to be about with 16 pretty qualified
candidates and we Donald Trump won so at
the end of the day you know I go back
and always think on these politics what
was it like when President Obama was
there heading into his election we'd won
all these races and then at the end of
the day President Obama won again so
we're having some of the same arguments
not about the moral thing but about
policies so you know where are we as a
party I can't answer that right now
except I can tell you all politics are
local and that's where we're going to be
paying attention to yeah I think at some
point we are gonna we're actually
looking for us we are gonna have the
moral argument about a lot of this stuff
later because we got Bishop William
Barbour coming up and so we'll talk more
about that but on thank you for putting
that at table I think was important to
say EJ doesn't offer your viewers
tonight at 7:00 everybody's getting
watching this stormy Daniels interview
yeah there's a restaurant in San
Francisco since shut down but it made a
perfect cocktail that's great great
drinking for tonight it's called the
orange and stormy two ounces of rum
ginger beer two dashes orange bitters
you just build it over ice stir gently
the orange and stormy is the perfect
drink for tonight you had me a ginger
beer
yeah vj2 I think we're all gonna be
having that thank you very much a Tiana
Michelle Bernard we'll be back thank you
to Kate and doesn't and on and geared at
us thank you very much and the cocktail
yes subject what I am joy hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
