you're in Dallas on the final stop of
our meet the midterms road trip earlier
today I caught up with senator Ted Cruz
and his campaign bus in downtown Dallas
and as I caught up with him the news was
breaking with all of these bomb threats
so I asked him about the discovery of
these bombs that were addressed to high
profile Democrats and we talked more
extensively about the current political
environment take a listen
well listen this is a very divided time
it's a polarized time violence is never
okay and it doesn't matter where on the
political spectrum it comes these these
bombs that were apparently sent to Soros
and Obama and Clinton that that's deeply
troubling it on its face appears to be a
terrorist act I hope the terrorist is if
she is caught and as prosecuted sent
away to jail for a long long time you
know what we saw let me tell you what
Ben house we did Ben out tweeted this he
goes 15 years ago
a bomb threat like this we automated
Miss assumed it was an international
enemy immediately already said domestic
I mean that's why that's acting point
and it's the height of money look that
we also had a gunman come to Washington
targeting Republican members hungry sand
and food and nearly kill Steve Scalise I
mean no this is not it we're in a bad
spot
we're badly polarized and divided and I
wish everyone would just count to 10 and
calm down that and I'm not saying we
shouldn't disagree on substance I look I
think the democratic process is all
about debating and trying to figure out
what's the best policy and so we should
debate
high taxes are low taxes what's better
for Texas that's an important debate to
have small government big government
governments important debates to have
but we need to do it with civility we
need to do it in a way that that
respects each other's decency and
humanity you know last year I did three
Town Hall debates on CNN with Bernie
Sanders
they were 90 minutes each now Bernie and
I disagree on almost everything but yet
we were able to discuss it issues on
substance but but in ways that respect
each other that's that's how the the
democratic process should play out
could the president do more look I'm not
interested in doing running hello
commentaries the president I can say
this a leader shouldn't be President but
play a role Chuck it's worth pointing
out and listen I think the media always
focuses on the president there are too
many Democratic politicians that are
actively encouraging this when Maxine
Waters tells people go harass scream
yell and come after people that's wrong
when Cory Booker glad alight Cory's a
friend of mine when he stands up and
said go get in people's faces and scream
and yell and harass them that's wrong
and and keep president Bobby's flame and
look that's know what I'm saying is I
get that and that's don't we need to
cool it down everywhere everywhere we do
I agree with that I thought it was
unfortunate when Hillary Clinton said we
can be civil after the Democrats win
that's wrong look look and by the way
when people harassed Nancy Pelosi I
spoke out Twitter said that's wrong -
don't and I disagree with Nancy but but
we can treat each other with decency and
respect that was the right I think it's
a social media culture that everybody
thinks they alone can can can somehow go
viral you know I think social media
contributes to it because it's you can
you people say things on social media
they'd never say in real life they begin
oh you're nastier you know it's
summertime sleep like your mothers
reading yeah that's that's a very good
and imagine what betweens might be about
and look on Twitter when I'm reading
Twitter I don't let my daughters look at
what I'm saying because you know every
third word is an f-bomb I mean it's
their nasty horrible thing my 14 year
old does read Instagram let's just say
it's been it is you know I also think
the rhetoric that is used I remember
when when the Senate passed the tax cut
up in the gallery there were some
protesters and one guy screamed stop
killing me
looked up just I mean completely puzzled
I never tempted actually go up and talk
to the guides in them we just cut your
taxes I mean you may not like tax cuts
but it really isn't killing you cutting
taxes is not killing you and the problem
is when you embrace rhetoric that by
cutting taxes you're killing me
then suddenly that extreme rhetoric
justifies well I've got to defend my
life by physically attacking you and I
think that's that's not healthy for for
a public hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
