I'm calling out those who have taken
money from the NRA you better bring that
check to the bank and put it in your
retirement fund because we're gonna vote
you out
today the 800,000 that young students
gathered here in Washington and the tens
of thousands hundreds of thousands of
more who joined them around the world
and millions more to be honest were
their own heroes they took their demands
for action on guns from parkland Florida
straight to the White House today they
told us all that they're just getting
started
barricaded behind those filing cabinets
and bookcases that they taught me one
thing and one thing only regardless of
how much money you pay or how much you
pray if you don't change anything today
your children will no longer stay so I
would like to not worry about dying and
focus on math in science they're playing
basketball with my friends mr. Trump
Congress the Senate and all elected
leaders of America you have failed us
and we have had enough of your NRA
agenda and to those politicians
supported by the NRA that allow the
continued slaughter of our children in
our future I say get your resumes ready
today is the beginning of spring and
tomorrow is the beginning of democracy
these walkouts have been criticized
they've been told that is a disruption
to the educational process and I say to
them the real disruption to the
educational process it's staring down
the barrel of a gun we need change yes I
am a parkland survivor and an MSD
student but before this I was a regular
black girl and after this I am still
black and I'm still regular for far too
long these names these black girls and
women have been just numbers I'm here to
say never again for those girls to
I am here to say that everyone should
value those girls to the Sandy Hook
master last one in our nation but there
are more and more every single day and
that's why Newtown says enough and we
say never again so to all of you who are
assisting us in the fight for change
thank you thank you all and the fight
begins today and it will not end until
we get what we need joining me now is
Mark Thompson from sirius XM radio mark
this is a day in which cher was here
Kanye and Kim were here Jennifer Hudson
was here ariana grande lin-manuel
Miranda Andra day on run on no one was
thinking about those celebrities here
today
those kids were the celebrity they were
the stars they were they are incredible
they and they were the speakers and I
only speak the only speakers and all
that joy you know the right wing
whenever we bring up gun violence you
know they bring out the old trope
Chicago's Chicago even Trump Chicago was
here today they'll never be able to use
that again these young people brought
together gun violence from all walks be
it gun violence in the streets outside
of high schools and gun violence in the
high schools and for the first time
you're hearing from white parents who
know what what black and brown parents
go through every day when we have what
we call the talk and when we talk about
our children and and their safety you
know it was it was so touching to hear
it makes you emotional here dr. mrs.
King's granddaughter yeah
Yolanda because as we come upon the 50th
anniversary of his martyrdom you know he
wasn't killed for just leading black
people he was killed for leading a
Beloved Community
red and yellow black and white we saw
that today the Beloved Community dr.
King died for America's sins and bullets
were the nails in his cross these
children Parkland Chicago Zaire Kelly
Cortland Darrington these African
American children Latino children Native
American children
bullet saw the nails in their crosses as
well thoughts and prayers won't do
enough anymore though we need a
resurrection and all the resurrection is
is changed and really revolution and so
I think what we saw today is is Easter
joy came earlier this year yeah do you
think that they will be able to get
conquer I mean look at all of these
cities it's gonna translate into
legislation into actual action well
again the Birmingham crusade the
Children's Crusade changed the tide of
the civil rights movement it was when
those children stood up in Birmingham
that's what we have today and it's even
bigger is not just in one city this is
all over the world I think we finally
will see a change yeah absolutely I this
I've never seen anything like this
obviously not in the modern times this
combines all of these youth movements
that we've seen from black lives matter
on into one cohesive movement and they
did that themselves no they most
certainly did and and I'm and I'm very
proud of the kids because the kids in
Parkland spoke up they say you know we
get a lot of attention because of our
privilege Esther David Hawk said that
and so when the other kids were brought
forward and allowed to participate yeah
that really brought this thing together
we've not seen this type of you amazing
mark Thompson my friend thank you god
bless you thank you for your very much
all right we'll be right back with more
coverage of the March for our lives hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
