- Marion hammer and to everyone at the
NRA and everyone affiliated with the NRA
we are not afraid of you we will not be
silenced by anything that you have to
say we are here our voices are loud and
we're not stopping until change happens
just days before today's nationwide
series of anti gun violence protests
another school shooting this time at
great Mills High School in Maryland
about 70 miles south of Washington DC a
17 year old student shot two other
students Tuesday morning using a Glock
9-millimeter pistol the gunman died
hours later at a hospital and one of the
students he shot 16 year old jaelyn
Wylie was taken off life support and
died late Thursday joining me now is an
all-star mayoral panel mayor Theresa
Tomlinson of Columbus Georgia Mayor
Catherine Pugh of Baltimore and Mayor
Muriel Bowser of right here in
Washington DC Mayor if you were to come
to an event but I want to come to the
incumbent mayor we're in your city this
is incredible this is incredible we see
thousands of students who have come here
to petition the Congress to demand some
action they're joining our kids from DC
Chicago and cities all over the United
States of America not only to talk about
violence in schools but violence in our
communities yeah absolutely and Mayor
view how ironic that you know less than
two months after this Valentine's Day
Massacre in parkland Florida yet another
school shooting takes place in Maryland
right and I know there are lots of
Maryland students a lot of Baltimoreans
are right here a lot of Maryland
students are here
we've brought 3,000 over from Baltimore
City who marched on City Hall we helped
to raise money privately so that our
young people could be here today because
urban children are suffering just as
children across this nation this country
has become the most violent country in
the nation and this kind of violence has
to stop and perhaps Congress will listen
to the voices of our young people today
when you're calling for better
background checks and to get these
assault weapons off the streets of our
city absolutely and Mayor Tomlinson you
know I'm glad that you're
here from a red state yes I'm an open
carry very pro guns to area pro carry I
mean it's hard to get gun legislation
gun reform legislation through a state
like Florida yeah it's even harder in a
state like Georgia how can this change
happen even with this incredible turnout
it is happening we've had this abusive
relationship with the NRA for so long
they've been passing laws that are just
crazy I mean in Georgia a month ago we
had somebody come in with an ar-15 a
slung over his shoulder to our Police
Department our Public Safety Building
and stood there in Georgia it's against
the law for any police officer to walk
up to him
it's against law for any police officer
to ask him if he has a permit or what
his intentions are until he points the
gun at someone or begins to fire yeah
that's a crazy gun law and that's the
type of thing that the NRA passes just
to show us that they control everything
because our law enforcement agencies
oppose that yeah absolutely and of
course the DC's laws are controlled by
Congress which is controlled by the
Republican Party which is in a lot of
ways controlled by the NRA
so change here can't happen unless it
happens in Congress well change happens
here with our local legislature the DC
Council what we have to guard against
our congresspeople senators included
that try to gut our laws right and pass
laws that they can't pass in their own
States particularly Marco Rubio has been
an offender he'll order from Florida
he's moving for tougher laws in Florida
while at the same time trying to gut DC
laws and only to get his in our rate
rating up and that's got to stop and I
think these kids are calling BS while
politicians are answering to the NRA and
not to them and they're going to the
polls and they're gonna hold them
accountable so two big governor's races
are coming up not long from now George
has got a big one Maryland's got a big
one we'll go each of you one in turn can
this issue become a voting issue in
Georgia the governor it is a voting
issue in Georgia already and it's going
to turn out the very people here today
look at the diversity of this ground age
diversity is see the
kids out there just learn today that
there's an old law in the books in
Georgia that all high schools public and
private high schools and all colleges
have to provide a facility to register
to vote yeah and that the biggest fear
of the NRA let me say this is this is a
wake-up call for the country yeah
because this is an opportunity for us to
change the Congress to also change the
Senate this is a wake-up call and that's
what our young people are calling for
change the NRA has ruled too long in our
country you know laws were made long ago
before today this is the most violent
country in the world and so this change
can take place but it will be about
hearing not just the voices of those of
us who advocate consistently on behalf
of background checks and so forth but
these young people who are impacted by
this as well and I don't think that we
often think enough about this impact on
the minds of our young people yeah
children should not be worrying about
whether they're gonna be safe in school
right they should be worrying about
becoming the next leaders of thought and
mayor's deal with the constituents on
the most local level Congress people may
not know their constituents but you all
do absolutely these kids are scared and
I've met your children from Parkland
I've seen our kids that have been
impacted by gun violence right in our
own city and they are no real trauma if
you talk to some of them today yeah and
they miss their friends and they want to
feel safe from their school and I've
walked around with both of you in your
cities in Columbus and in Baltimore but
their constituents know you oh yeah
absolutely for too long we've been
buying the false premise that guns are
required to be everywhere churches and
bars and all bars guns it's it's
ridiculous and finally these kids are
saying wait a minute that's not the law
there's no constitutional requirement
that guns be everywhere in all kinds of
guns and we've been we've been trying to
structure our society around that
premise and those kids are saying that's
their fault you know what they're saying
you're saying that he has I gotta show
y'all the Hat that I got from someone in
South Florida Broward County says that's
BS thank you very much to my all-star
mayoral panic panel Theresa Tomlinson of
Columbus Georgia Catherine Pugh of Bmore
Baltimore Muriel Bowser right here in
Washington DC and stay with us for much
more live
today's historic mark for our lives
right after this very short break we
will not sit in classrooms with armed
teachers
we refuse to learn in fear we rejects
turning our schools into prisons
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
