I'm gonna take this picture of the
overwhelming crowds here in Connecticut
and around the country back with me to
my colleagues and I'm also going to take
with me the images of young people
registering to vote as active as they
were in speeching speechifying and
talking today they were also registering
people to vote and that's an image and a
message that I think is gonna be very
powerful and as my colleague dick Durbin
said it's a lesson in democracy this is
what democracy looks like this is what
America looks like and that's what my
colleagues are going to have to absorb
and understand something is different
here something is different this time
I've been doing this cause for 30 years
and I have never felt nearer to
fundamental national reform because the
country is saying enough is enough you
know I I can't say more than you just
said but being here you feel that even
more the idea this is what democracy
should look like it's happy it's
positive it's hopeful and people are
here they want to get something done but
the gun lobby has a wonderful way of
playing these situations when they're
confronted with public outrage they fade
they don't talk they don't go on
television they go back to where they
hide and they wait it out and they come
out three or four weeks later when the
excitement has subsided and they
legislate against gun control and gun
safety how do you smoke them out how do
you get them to come out and face the
music that they should be facing today
when you know they're all honey
the president's at mar-a-lago today he's
President I states a half million or
million people came here to protest he
skipped town it seems to be a metaphor
for the way the gun lobby operates they
get out of town when people are excited
they come back in town when the crowds
going they have a very sustained and
systematic playbook and they know the
script which depends on fear and money
they
I have built this movement based on
single issue voters that is people go to
the polls and vote on one issue alone
the young people who are out there in
the streets today those powerfully
eloquent speakers at the rallies that
you have televised and the ones in
Hartford and Enfield and all around the
state of Connecticut are going to change
this dynamic and it may sound idealistic
to say so but they are not going to
settle for the same old same old they
won't change and they have the energy as
did the civil rights movement the
anti-war movement the marriage equality
movement the women's health care
movement to make that change happen I
think that's fundamental Chris and it
may in fact be the factor that smokes
out the gun lobby because my colleagues
are going to see that playbook no longer
works Senator Richard Blumenthal
Connecticut one of the real heroes of
this stronger thanks hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
