within the next half-hour senators will
begin to view information collected by
the FBI into allegations against judge
Brett Kavanaugh
joining us now one of the members of the
Judiciary Committee that made this
investigation happen Democratic Senator
Chris Coons of Delaware very good to
have you on the show this morning I want
to know what obviously what you all will
be looking for especially in light of
the fact that some are concerned there
wasn't enough time to do a thorough
investigation and then there seemed to
be some back-and-forth or clarity made
on the scope of it that's right make a
you know first I just want to express my
gratitude to my friend Jeff Flake a week
ago we were all riveted by the
compelling testimony of dr. Ford and the
forceful defense of Judge Cavanaugh and
judge Cavanaugh's nomination was on
track to be as Mitch McConnell put it
plowed through the Senate and he should
be had they gotten their way already
acceded justice because of senator flake
we got this respite for a brief focused
FBI investigation and Jeff and I both
set to public tests here for what should
happen we should review whether or not
judge Kavanaugh was truthful in his
testimony to the committee and we should
have the benefit of a brief FBI
investigation to focus on credible
allegations before the Judiciary
Committee I have not yet seen the work
product the FBI is delivered I am very
concerned by reports that the scope was
narrowed and that only a few fewer than
ten individuals were interviewed I think
an obvious component of a credible
investigation would have been the
witnesses that dr. Ford offered to whom
she had revealed her sexual-assault
before judge Kavanaugh was nominated and
a number of other individuals classmates
of Cavanaugh's from Yale who I know came
forward trying to reach the FBI trying
to testify so I haven't seen the report
yet but I will look at it with a and I
focused on whether or not this scope
this scope of this investigation was so
narrowed by the White House and the
Republican majority that it failed to
meet the test of respecting dr. Ford
patience and if your Democratic
colleagues have gone further than you
just win called this FBI inquiry a sham
we know from our reporting today that
nine people were interviewed judge
Cavanaugh and dr. four were not among
them chuck Grassley saying we heard
their sworn testimony that was enough we
wanted to talk some to some additional
people the White House in fact this
morning according to our reporting has
concluded that none of those additional
interviews in the FBI inquiry
corroborate the allegations against
Judge Cavanaugh they believed he should
be confirmed and confirmed by the
weekend in fact do you believe this FBI
inquiry was a sham well I think the FBI
conducted this inquiry at the direction
of the White House and the majority in
the Senate so I don't think this is the
FBI's fault I think they carried forward
on the scope that they were given but I
am concerned that President Trump
publicly reassured concerned senators
that the FBI was going to be allowed to
pursue all relevant investigatory leads
for these allegations and if you've got
someone like dr. Ford who is urging the
FBI to question her and you've got
someone like dr. Ford and someone like
Debbie Ramirez who was questioned who
say here are additional witnesses who
can corroborate my allegations and no
effort was made to question those
additional witnesses then to me that
does not seem like the robust FBI
investigation the president described
and so this looks to a lot of people
senator Coons like your friend senator
flake giving himself covered by asking
for this FBI inquiry not a real
investigation but now he can say as he
votes if he votes yes I took the step I
hit the pause button for a week we had
the FBI look into it they concluded
there's no corroboration here's my yes
vote was this anything more than cover
for a few Republicans to vote for judge
Cavanaugh
well that's viewing it through a very
sharp and critical lens I know my three
colleagues who worked hard to press for
a broader and fuller investigation I'll
let them speak for themselves as to
whether they're satisfied with it and we
don't yet know their votes so I haven't
read this report yet I'm not going to
prejudge it what you're saying is a
characterization based on
reporting not based on facts I do still
think it was important to send a signal
both to dr. Ford and Debbie Ramirez and
the many many other victims of sexual
assault that they were not just going to
pull through with this confirmation
without any further investigation
senator I want to ask you about a letter
that was sent last night by one of your
colleagues Senator Durbin to Chuck
Grassley the head of the Judiciary
Committee in which he was refuting a
tweet put out by the Republican Party
that say the six previous FBI reports
the judge Cavanaugh underwent during his
time in confirmation for a judge had no
whiff of anything related to
inappropriate sexual behavior or alcohol
abuse that was the tweet from the
Republican Party and Senator Durbin said
actually that's not true what is he
talking about is there something
specific and why don't we know about it
why isn't that been put into the
evidence right as you know I can't speak
to what we're debating publicly with
each other about because it is in a
confidential background investigation as
of last night I had not heard from
Senator Durbin and wasn't sure what he's
referring to
I just consulted with him a few moments
ago I know what he's referring to and I
agree with Senator Durbin and you agree
that there were previous interest they
were ordered an FBI of sexual behavior
inappropriate sexual behavior by Judge
John what I'm confirming that's that's
not let's be careful here what was it
the alcohol abuse then because it's one
of two things I'm simply going to say I
support senator Durbin's assertions his
assertions again for people who don't
know are that in the previous six FBI
reports there was evidence put forth
inappropriate sexual behavior or alcohol
abuse why didn't the American public
hear about this during this confirmation
process specific allegations or result
of FBI investigations in a background
investigation are not public and will
this impact your vote on judge Kavanagh
it will not i was already well aware of
the specific incident being referred to
here i came to a conclusion that i would
vote no on judge Cavanaugh before dr.
Ford's testimony was heard based on his
jurisprudence based on his extry
view on presidential power and his views
on individual liberty particularly the
the landmark decision by Justice Kennedy
in the obergefell case that established
marriage equality I concluded I would
vote against judge Kavanagh so senator
you know we just heard you and really
going to do in the back and forth on the
Durban letter the FBI investigation the
extended background check we've all
witnessed the hearings the testimony by
everyone let me ask you have you been
happy with the tone and the tenor of the
process and are you aware of I think
what happens to the image of the United
States Senate among many people in this
country are you happy with that not at
all
Mike that's exactly what has motivated
me in the last week is first wanting to
respect and hear and respond to so many
individuals I've known male and female
friends and people I've just met from
Delaware and from here who shared with
me stories of sexual assault but second
to your point I am gravely concerned
that what the American people see that
what the world sees of our Senate is
partisan bickering personal attacks
challenging each other's motives at a
level I haven't seen in my eight years
here and I'll remind you I've been here
since the election of 2010 when the Tea
Party wave brought in some folks who
conducted themselves on the floor in
fairly sharp ways this has been a tough
eight years but for me this process has
been the low point in terms of both
parties attacking the other and I'm
concerned about what this means for the
ability of our Senate to work together
to get anything done yesterday yesterday
we passed two significant pieces of
legislation on the floor big bipartisan
packages to address opioids and heroin
addiction and to move forward in FAA
reauthorization and pass a bill I wrote
or work closely on with senator corker
there's no coverage of that the coverage
focus is on our fighting and our
fighting is sharp and personal and sends
exactly the wrong message senator two
questions for you first have you spoken
to your friend and colleague senator
flake about the
extent the expanse of this investigation
as he satisfied with it but secondly
following what Mike just had to say it's
not just the image of the Senate but the
country at large we heard the
president's remarks of the night at his
rally in Mississippi about dr. Ford what
sort of impact you see that having not
just on the reputation of what you were
trying to do there in Washington but as
a chilling effect on other women who
might want to come forward to put their
own stories of sexual abuse sexual
misconduct something things that
happened to them to have him up there on
the rally stage absolutely mocking her
and having the crowd laugh along with
him that is in many ways the worst
aspect of this whole sad chapter a week
ago a president Trump was saying that
dr. Ford's testimony was credible and
that she was brave to come forward less
than a week later he is publicly
ridiculing and mocking her at a
political rally in Mississippi this is
not the sort of behavior we would hope
for or expect from a president from our
leader of the executive branch of our
government and I think it's important
that all of us in the Senate conduct
ourselves in how we describe these
allegations and this process and how we
speak to and about each other in ways
that rebuild and weave back together the
fabric of our nation here because
frankly when the president goes on
national television and does something
like that it sends a chill through
everyone who has suffered through or
survived or witnessed sexual abuse and
it makes them say why would I ever come
forward and subject myself to that sort
of ridicule Senator Chris Coons thank
you thank you very much for being on the
show this morning and still ahead he
mocked his opponent made fun of how his
opponent walked even did impersonations
but that didn't stop him from becoming
one of the most storied Republican
presidents and now we're not talking
about Donald Trump presidential
historian Doris Kearns Goodwin will
explain next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
