last thing before we leave you in
Washington tonight bears repeating this
was a particularly tumultuous week
President Trump parted ways with his
second national security adviser in 14
months
and his lead lawyer on the Russia
investigation it was the week he
mentioned Muller by name on social media
something his lawyers had warned him not
to do among other things he called the
Russia investigation quote a total witch
hunt with massive conflicts of interest
yesterday got into it with Joe Biden who
to be fair has said more than once he'd
like to fight the president take him out
back sort of thing the president
channeled Ali a little bit when he said
the former veep would go down fast and
hard crying all the way then today Trump
surprised both Republicans and Democrats
by threatening on Twitter to veto that
huge congressional spending bill before
signing it hours later it was a lot and
among the more indelible and difficult
to explain moments the president
congratulating Putin on his victory in a
sham election I had a call with
President Putin and congratulated him on
the victory his electoral victory
politics is nasty I used to say the
toughest people are real estate
developers in New York City and now I
say you guys are babies the president
used to like to testify the special
counsel Robert Miller sir thank you
I may ask
Maryland Lockheed the leading woman's
business executive in this country
according to many the word that I want
to use is reciprocal the word is
reciprocal that's the word I want
everyone to remember we want reciprocal
I say to Congress I will never sign
another bill like this again I'm not
gonna do it again nobody read it what
advice would you give to the 25 year old
Donald Trump knowing what you know today
don't run for president all of that from
just this past week the week that was
until that is we have another one just
like it next week hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
