with me now Democratic congressman
Maxine Waters of California and
congresswoman I think what most people
most people don't care and really don't
want to hear a lot about sex life to be
blunt but I think what a lot of people
look at is that there are only a couple
of people that Donald Trump won't attack
Vladimir Putin and stormy Daniels and he
has tried everything he could to stop
stormy Daniels from talking she must
have something that he is afraid of
hearing are you concerned that Donald
Trump's acting out this weekend might
mean that he lashes out for instance at
Bob Muller that he lashes out at
Rosenstein and and starts firing more
people in a way that could actually
jeopardize the investigation against him
well joy I am very concerned about our
special counsel Moeller a lot of us are
while he has said that he would be happy
to sit down with him obviously he has a
strategy to discredit him and he's
brought in the Bulldogs to do that and
so some even on the opposite side of the
aisle have said this really would be
crossing the line and I think so but
Donald Trump is out of control and I
think he will go there and I think the
American people should be very concerned
about him you have described very
vividly this evening how he has acted
this past weekend and what he has done I
was on the airplane on my way to the
funeral of Louise slaughter when we
heard he may not sign the omnibus bill
that we had just passed even though he
had been involved in the negotiations
and his people were right there they
agreed to it he said he would sign it
then he changed his mind and then he
changed his mind again and he signed it
and so the American people should be
concerned about this man's behavior
first of all he doesn't deserve to be
President of the United States of
America
he has defined himself very thoroughly
and I think that his character is more
than concerning and I'm just hopeful
that the Republicans will stand up and
accept their responsibilities call it
out call him for what it is help the
American people to know that they will
not stand for him and what
he's doing and join me in impeachment
you know it's you talk about this
erratic behavior he seems to watch Fox
and Friends they criticize the bill
suddenly he's tweeting oh I'm gonna be
to it then he turns around and signs an
empathic Mulvaney his budget is no he's
going to sign it see you know suddenly
getting rid of McMaster even though
people thought oh he's gonna get rid of
people then he gets rid of him
hires John Bolton without John Bolton
even knowing that it's happening John
Bolton didn't even know what he was
being hired for right let alone not
knowing that he was being hired and John
Bolton is a dangerous man I know a lot
about him I think a lot of folks know
about him I think people are in the
intelligence community know an awful lot
about him he is a war monger he is
someone who would advise this president
to go to war with Iran to go to war with
North Korea and so I'm just really
concerned that not only you know is he
erratic and this behavior that he has
demonstrated is such that will can keep
keep the confusion going I think this
man that he has just put on Bolton it's
gonna advise him to strike on North
Korea and I mean given the fact that
some Trump is so suggestible
John Bolton also comes from Fox News
he's very suggestible through the TV no
and he's behaving so erratically and he
is so obviously freaked out by what's
coming on Sunday behind the scenes I
feel like I ask you this a lot Congress
yes
do Republicans understand that this is
you say it's dangerous do your
colleagues on the other side of the
aisle feel that way too and if so why
won't they do anything about
I am so disturbed by their lack of
responsibility they're intimidated by
Donald Trump and they're frightened that
some of those who come from districts
where he won feel that he will come into
their districts and campaign against
them but if they just take a look at
what happened in Pennsylvania where he
supposedly won by 22 percentage points
and he lost even though it was close
that was huge
that was big he lost in Alabama which
was supposed to be the reddest state and
so they should not be intimidated but
obviously they are and they're going to
be recorded in history very poorly that
they allowed there
like to go in the way that he's going
and do what he's doing where is the
Speaker of the House because I mean this
we he's the Speaker of the House not to
speak at the Republican Party when you
were insulted by the president states he
said nothing these allegations have come
out about these women he says nothing
where is the speaker well everybody
knows that this speaker has been
compromised that he's afraid about some
of his own colleagues on the opposite
side of the aisle on the Republican side
and so I have no no faith in him and I
don't think that his leadership is
worthy of him being you know the Speaker
of the House he's not gonna do anything
as a matter of fact following this
election no matter what happens he's out
even if if Trump finds a way to fire
rose and sidearm all of this making you
think he'll do nothing he'll do nothing
he will do absolutely nothing nothing is
going to happen I think until the people
in this country stand up and say that
they will not tolerate what is going on
in the White House any longer American
people must stand up and I say they must
call for his impeachment some people are
saying that well will will vote in
Bradley 20 we cannot stand that we
cannot wait for that now it is too
dangerous congresswoman Maxine Waters
thank you something so well could always
appreciate the opportunity there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
