three students from parkland Florida in
town for tomorrow's big March for our
lives Delaney Tarr Chris Grady and
Sophie Whitney so in that order you're
sitting with President Trump he's not
gonna he's at mar-a-lago this week it's
not gonna happen but if you could sit
across the table like this from him what
would you say I mean I would thank him
obviously for her taking the time to
talk to us but I'd let him know that
we're here to compromise because we know
that that is a step a necessary step in
the legislative process and that's
something that we're willing to do but
that he also needs to listen to us
everyone needs to listen to us and we
need to be heard and not doesn't need to
be half listen just be told that we're
being listened to we need to actually
see them taking our statements into
consideration and to actually do
something about it because we're not
going away Chris yeah piggybacking off
of what she said you know compromise is
the most important thing he supports
banning pumps sucks but that's just
bread bread crumbs we need we need a lot
more than just that if we're gonna we're
gonna stop things like this from
happening you want a ban on assault
rifles absolutely Sophie I would tell
him that he has the power he has the
power to change things and he were going
to be at his doorstep screaming and and
demanding action and if he can throw a
curveball and he can listen to all of
these constituents that are asking for
this and he can make the difference
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
