NBC News has learned the shake-up in the
president's legal team potentially could
clear paths for Trump to meet with
Robert Muller people familiar with the
process say the move is part of
preparation for a possible interview
with the special counsel John Dowd
strongly opposed a meeting but sources
tell NBC News Joe to Geneva is expected
to play a key role in discussion with
Muller's office about a presidential
interview the president meanwhile
reaffirmed his willingness to meet with
the special counsel yesterday so he says
I would like to Michael Schmidt what is
the strategy such that you can sort of
decipher it here from president Trump's
side of it and what was the push and
pull with John John Dow that ultimately
led Dowd to leave I think doubts are
little upside to the interview as we've
seen with Muller's indictments and plea
agreements so far they do not take
easily to any type of factual mistakes
in these interviews they even if you
come back in and try and correct the
record after you know you've said
something wrong they still have rung you
up for what's called a thousand and one
that's lying to federal authorities and
the Dowd knew the president was someone
who liked to talk at length he knew he
was someone that had trouble with the
truth and saw this as a big problem but
the president thinking he can explain
anything to anyone wants to go in and
talk to Muller thinks he can explain it
the president as we were pointing out
earlier believes he's his best spokesman
believes his best strategists his best
lawyer and this is the perfect
opportunity to try and clear his name on
the huge cloud that has been cast over
his presidency since last May John
Heilemann let's cut to the chase here is
the next actually is the next one to go
Bob Muller and what's your gut and your
instinct watching the patterns even
though I know you're finding it
difficult to follow yeah I don't find it
difficult to follow I know this guy i
I've seen this guy operate I've talked
to him about his pageants over the years
I hate them and he's obsessed with money
and sex that's where he doesn't want to
be embarrassed when it comes to money
and sex he's being embarrassed over sex
and Muller is following the money is
Muller next well just to be clear Mika
I'm not saying I'm finding it difficult
to follow I'm just saying I think it's
possible to read Donald Trump's mind
which but but I will I don't know if Bob
Miller's next I don't know if he moves
on Muller directly or if he tries to
move on rod Rosenstein or if he tries to
fire Jeff Sessions or if he tries to
fire John Kelly
I imagine that they're going to be that
in this period of tumult that we're
gonna see more major personnel changes
now if not today then in short order and
when it comes to the investigation I
think he's still looking for what the
right way is he wants to get to Muller
eventually I believe if you ask me for
my gut I think he wants to get rid of
Muller but whether the right way to do
that is which which one of those points
of entry
who does he fire that I think is to me
to me difficult to predict I will say
that today we see this there's there's a
just for the sake of news here you know
we have rod Rosen Stein has announced
that he's doing a major press conference
this morning at 10:00 a.m. with a major
announcement on on cyber law enforcement
so we could have some news that's coming
later this morning on the Russia on the
Russian investigation front that could
change the picture in terms of what
we're looking at and where Donald Trump
decides to do about four hours from now
yeah where we were watching yesterday
also the president having a little bit
of trouble interviewing the head of
Lockheed did you guys catch that you
think getting the last name wrong it
appeared he read his notes wrong
Carolee which is just maybe something
that might indicate what happened the
other day when he did that phone call
with Putin and conflated what was
written in front of him that is if you
could argue he was trying to read what
was in front of him which the president
has difficulty reading I know that for a
fact and he doesn't like to read and
doesn't really read and when he does he
needs to use glasses and there may be an
issue there we'll show you that coming
up but given the big picture in terms of
how his mind works I guess we can't try
and get it inside his mind I'm not
afraid to I feel I know what drives him
but on this level what do you think is
next in terms of your reporting in the
Muller investigation and do you think
the Special Counsel could be at risk
here well I think that no one would be
surprised if one morning or night or
whenever we all felt learned that the
president fired Robert Muller
he's laid the groundwork for it he's
impulsive he clearly wants to do that I
think the question is whether he does
that directly it just makes a snap
decision as we've seen him do in the
past if he nibbles around the edges and
goes tries to pick off certain people
around them to tips anybody getting
loose rhyme you read his tweets but the
other thing we know is that this is a
president who likes to buy time and the
shake-up of his legal team buys him some
time in the sense that they had been
very close in these negotiations on a
possible interview and now all of that
is kind of thrown back up in the air and
so you know it does he choose not to do
anything because he's bought himself
some time maybe I think we just don't
know because he's just I think we have a
lot to look forward to or not want to
look forward to but a lot to cover
between now and Sunday Willie the the
notion Jeremy bash that the president is
with somehow as a red line in firing Bob
Muller is is completely outrageous I
mean there were so many red lines that
have been crossed along the way
obviously he'd have to get some help if
that's rod Rosen Stein did order get rid
of rod Rosen Stein and find somebody who
would do it for him do you think
President Trump eventually gets rid of
Bob Mahler one way or another I think he
at least tries to significantly
undermine him maybe constraint his
authority and if he thinks there's a way
to fire him I think he will
yep totally agree as you imagine we're
only just scratching the surface here
this morning we have a huge line up
ahead retired NATO commander Admiral
James stavridis will join us from the
Foreign Relations Committee Senator Ed
Markey from former US ambassador to
Russia Michael McFaul plus the lawyer
for stormy Daniels drops a cryptic tweet
about a picture ahead of her sixty
minutes interview trust me guys this is
what bugs him as former print Playboy
model Karen McDougal gives her account
of an alleged affair with Donald Trump
will talk to MacDougall's attorneys
straight ahead but thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and in
n-b-c thanks so much for watching
