thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour as well how was your day fine
fine out was yours nothing much doing
not much in the news kind of a quiet
night the president fired his lead
lawyer on the rush of scandal today
seems like kind of a late date for that
but maybe it was for a very specific
reason he then unexpectedly threw 50
billion dollars of trade war tariffs at
China and then the Dow Jones fell off a
cliff in the market dropped seven
hundred and forty two points before
closing Secretary of State said goodbye
and left his job the president then
hired yet another Fox News personality
to join his Russia legal team then he
hired another Fox News personality to
become the new national security adviser
which means he is firing the existing
national security adviser right now
which means just in the past three weeks
this president and this White House have
chewed up and spat out the
communications director who was
reportedly the president single most
trusted aide hope Hicks also the
president's personal assistant also his
staff secretary also his chief economic
adviser also the deputy White House
chief of staff also the Deputy Director
of the FBI and the aforementioned
Secretary of State who will be replaced
now by the person who is currently
serving as director of the CIA which
means there needs to be a new director
of the CIA as well and now tonight the
National Security Advisor is out too and
so yeah we're gonna need another wall
soon we actually figured out a way to
make this one slightly larger like just
by kind of taking care of the margins
you know how you can make your term
papers look shorter because the the the
churn at this White House is absolutely
without historical precedent no
administration has ever run people
through the meat grinder like this one
has ever we have never ever had this
kind of turnover but in addition just
the overall turnover it really feels
like something has accelerated in the
last three weeks something different is
going on over the last three weeks
particularly on the national security
stuff it just feels like the brake lines
got cut and we're screaming down the
road hoping to hit something soft
and there's a lot to say about John
Bolten former UN Ambassador who's going
to get HR McMasters javis National
Security Advisor and I say he's going to
get the job not that he's you know
nominated for the job or he's designated
for the job he's gonna get it because
National Security Adviser is not a
senate-confirmed position there's no
process of becoming National Security
Adviser the president just picks you I
think it's to pick whoever he wants
that's how we ended up with his first
National Security Advisor Mike Flynn
even though the Justice Department was
at the White House warning them about
Flynn as a serious national security
risk within days of the inauguration so
he's picking bolton now he'll get Bolton
there's and there's a lot to say about
John Bolton we're gonna get to that in
just a second and we'll talk with some
people who know a little bit about what
he's been like in government in the past
why his previous government appointments
have been so controversial and why this
current appointment is freaking so many
people out tonight but before we start
talking about John Bolton also consider
how general HR McMaster is getting fired
here as a national security adviser I
mentioned that that Rex Tillerson the
fired Secretary of State had his last
day today Rex Tillerson gave his
farewell remarks today at the State
Department and he walked off into the
sunset today was his last day the day
was the day he carried his stuff out of
the State Department but he was fired
last week remember he was fired last
Tuesday morning it's a matter of record
that this was the last thing Rex
Tillerson did as Secretary of State
before the president fired him as his
last act before he was fired Rex
Tillerson put out this very strongly
worded statement condemning the
government of Russia for that poisoning
attack in the UK that statement said in
part quote we have full confidence in
the UK's investigation and its
assessment that Russia was likely
responsible for the nerve agent attack
that took place in Salisbury England
last week there's never a justification
for this type of attack the attempted
murder of a private citizen on the soil
of a sovereign nation and we are
outraged that Russia appears to have
again engaged in such behavior from
Ukraine to Syria and now the UK Russia
continues to be an irresponsible force
of
stability in the world acting with open
disregard for the sovereignty of other
states and the life of their citizens we
agree that those responsible both those
who committed this crime and those who
ordered it must face appropriately
serious consequences that was the last
statement put out by Rex Tillerson a
Secretary of State Monday night last
week that same night he also spoke to
reporters and made similarly strong
remarks condemning Russia the most
strongly anti Russia comments he made in
his time as Secretary of State and
within hours of making those comments
and releasing that statement Rex
Tillerson was fired next morning Rex
Tillerson was fired that was last week
now the National Security Advisor has
been fired and it is a matter of record
that we've also got the last public
remarks made by National Security
Adviser HR McMaster before the president
fired him to Russia is also complicit in
Assad's atrocities the Russian
government has bombed civilian areas and
provided political cover for Assad's
crimes from February 24th to February
28th Russia conducted 20 bombing
missions every day in the eastern gouda
and Damascus areas in Syria Russia has
also repeatedly thwarted efforts by the
OPCW to hold the Assad regime
accountable for using chemical weapons
this morning the United States France
Germany and the United Kingdom condemned
the abhorrent nerve agent attack on
Sergey and Yulia script all that took
place in Salzburg United Kingdom on
March 4th the statement made clear that
we believe that Russia was responsible
for this attack if Iran and Russia do
not stop enabling the regime's
atrocities and adhere to UN Security
Council resolutions all nations must
respond more forcibly than simply
issuing strong statements it is time to
impose serious political and economic
consequences on Moscow
those were the last public comments of
National Security Adviser HR McMaster
the headlines last Thursday night when
he gave those remarks HR McMaster gives
the Kremlin a double bird salute
strongest anti-russia comments he made
in his tenure as National Security
Advisor by the following day there was
new urgent reporting that McMaster was
about to be fired and now now he's out
and it may be that it is a totally weird
coincident the coincidence that that
Tillerson his last public comments
before he was fired were his strongest
anti-russia comments as Secretary of
State and then days later McMasters last
public comments before he was fired were
his strongest anti-russia comments as
National Security Advisor but both of
those things have just happened in the
span of less than a week and a half and
in the context of the Russia
investigation around this president and
in between these two firings the
president's mysteriously deferential and
complimentary call with the Russian
president where he ignored his national
security advisors advice not to
congratulate Putin on his sham election
this past weekend ignored the advice
that he must condemn Russia for that
poisoning attack it may just be that all
of these things happen to be having
happening at the same time they may be
all unconnected but this is all
happening on a very compressed timeline
and there is a real similarity between
what happened with Tillerson firing and
with what just happened with McMasters
firing and for whatever reason it just
happened we are now about to have our
third National Security Advisor in 14
months it's gonna be john bolton
and john bolton for years now has mostly
just been known as another Fox News
personality but if you've heard him
described today and tonight as former
ambassador to the United Nations you
should know that there's an asterisk on
that he did serve in that job but he
served in it as a recess appointment the
George W Bush administration could never
actually get him confirmed to that job
John Bolton / Senate Democrats today as
the worst possible choice to represent
the United States before the United
Nations there is no such thing as the
United Nations to prove their point
Democrats played portions of a 1994
speech showing what they call
one's disdain for the UN again the
Secretariat building in New York has 38
stories if you lost 10 stories today it
wouldn't make a bit of difference it's
hard for me to know why you'd want to
work at an institution that you said
didn't even exist for all the
controversies of the George W Bush
administration and there were many the
George W Bush administration trying to
appoint john bolton to a
senate-confirmed position was a was a
bridge too far even for that
administration the point that I want to
leave with you in this very brief
presentation is where I started is there
is no United Nations there is an
international community that
occasionally can be led by the only real
power left in the world and that's the
United States when it suits our interest
and when we can get others to go along
Secretariat building in New York has 38
stories if you lost 10 stories today it
would make a bit of difference
this kind of mindless creation of the
United Nations as something different
than what it's in the United States
interest to do isn't going to sell here
or anywhere else the United States makes
the UN work when it wants it to work and
that is exactly the way it should be
because the only question the only
questions the United States is what's in
our national interest and if you don't
like that I'm sorry but that is the fact
there is no such thing as the United
Nations so pointing that guy pointing
pointing that guy to be the American
representative to the United Nations was
a hard sell even for the George W Bush
administration he came under fire for
those views mr. Bolton also came under
fire for his his temperament and more
specifically his temper a woman who had
worked with him years before toured told
a public story of what happened when she
outlined concerns that she had about a
program she was working in overseas
quote mr. Bolton proceeded to chase me
through the halls of the Russian hotel
throwing things at me shoving
threatening letters under my door and
generally behaving like a
Batman for nearly two weeks while I
waited fresh direction from my company
and from USAID John Bolton hounded me in
such an appalling way that I eventually
retreated to my hotel room and stayed
there mr. Bolton of course then
routinely visited me there to pound on
the door and shout threats as a further
aside he made unconscionable comments
about my weight my wardrobe and with my
wardrobe and with a couple of team
leaders my sexuality hinting that I was
a lesbian for the record I'm not as a
maligned whistleblower I've learned
firsthand the lengths mr. Bolton will go
to to accomplish any goal he sets for
himself truth flew out the window
decency flew out the window in his bid
to smear me and promote the interest of
his client he went straight for the low
road and stayed there John Bolton put me
through hell he did everything he could
to intimidate malign and threaten not
just me but anyone willing unwilling to
go along with his version of events
his behavior back in 1994 wasn't just
unforgivable it was pathological so this
is from John Bolton's last effort to
join national federal administration I
mean there was so much talk at the time
of Bolton's nomination about his alleged
bullying that when the Washington Post
did a feature on the issue of bullying
bosses the lead of their feature was
about the famous behavior of John Bolton
some of the objection to Bolton this
potential UN Ambassador had to do with
his temperament some of it had to do
with his policies like saying it
wouldn't hurt the UN to have 10 stories
off the New York building in which its
headquartered but some of the objection
to him was about his temperament and his
policies together in 2003 Bolton gave a
now infamous speech blasting North
Korea's leader as a tyrannical dictator
and life there as a hellish nightmare
Bolton told the Senate that Hubbard
approved his controversial remarks and
the day of the speech after it was given
our ambassador in South Korea said to me
thanks for that speech John it'll help
us a lot out here but today Hubbard
tells NBC News Bolton has a selective
memory and that Bolton was tempestuous
once yelling at him and even hanging up
on him in the end John Bolton was not
able to get Kim
by the Senate during the George W Bush
administration the prenda president
ended up getting into that ambassador
job with a recess appointment while the
Senate was out of session because that
was the only way he could get him
through and frankly he was widely
perceived to be a disaster in that role
he he blew off the UN Security Council
mission to Sudan
he said that China should get a
permanent seat on the Human Rights
Council which sent the US State
Department scrambling to overrule him
because that was his own idea not the US
government's idea The Economist magazine
at the time quoted an unnamed senior
Western diplomat saying quote in Bolton
left tomorrow progress would be possible
in almost every front where it is now
stalled he has succeeded in putting
almost everyone's backs up even among
some of America's closest allies John
Bolton managed to carve out a particular
place in Republican politics and I you
know I hesitate to say that anybody is
really and truly unique Under the Sun
but but John Bolton has been almost a
uniquely divisive figure even inside
Republican politics during the Trump
transition Bolton's name like everybody
else who works at Fox News Bolton's name
was floated as a possible Deputy
Secretary of State as a possibility for
sending to the Senate for confirmation
to that job the response from
Republicans in the Senate was basically
are you sure about that
that John Bolton John Bolton did not get
picked by Trump for that Deputy
Secretary of State job which would have
required Senate confirmation he didn't
get sent to the Senate for confirmation
since then though he's continued to
circle around this White House staying
in conversation with the president
offering advice on points of foreign
policy like Iran and like North Korea at
the end of February John Bolton
published this opinion piece in The Wall
Street Journal quote the legal case for
striking North Korea first first his
conclusion reads quote in 1837 Britain
unleashed pre-emptive fire in fury
against a wooden steamboat it's
perfectly legitimate for the United
States to respond to the current
necessity posed by North Korea's nuclear
weapons by striking first so as a public
figure he has been advocating that we
should just go start a nuclear war with
North Korea now just go get him now if
you're wondering tonight
while your Twitter feed is filled filled
with people who say they are scared to
death by this appointment of John Bolton
to be national security advisor with no
Senate confirmation necessary it
probably has to do with John Bolton
saying things like that and with the
reputation that John Bolton has earned
himself over the last couple of decades
in Washington joining us now is Mark
lindlar he's a White House correspondent
for the New York Times mr. LAN there
you and your colleagues broke this story
about McMaster and Bolton tonight I know
it's been a really busy day for you
thanks for being here with us it's great
to be with you Rachel um what can you
tell us about the surprise factor here
obviously mr. Bolton had been seen in
and around the White House there had
been reports about difficulties and
differences of opinion differences of
style between the president and his
current national security adviser mr.
MacMaster did all parties involved know
that this was going to happen now well
you know like with many things involving
President Trump the way it unfolded was
kind of shocking but the underlying
reality was not surprising HR McMaster
as you said has been on thin ice with
the president for a long time newspapers
and and and television channels have
forecasted his departure regularly so
the fact that he was leaving was not a
surprise the fact that this happened in
as sudden away as it did I think caught
certainly John Bolton off-guard he
acknowledged when he went on Fox TV
which was barely an hour after President
Trump tweeted that the reality of this
hadn't really sunk in so you know this
is a guy who'd been circling around the
White House there been a lot of talk of
him being on very short lists but I
don't think anyone expected it to unfold
quite the abrupt way it did and you know
that's just in keeping with president
Trump's style of always keeping people
off-guard and always acting in this
fairly impulsive way in your reporting
tonight at the Times you note that one
of the reasons the White House is at
least suggesting that this might have
happened now is because the president is
eager to fill out his national security
team before his meeting with North
Korea's Kim jong-un it's because of
Bolton's publicly stated positions on on
North Korea he's on the record saying
diplomacy is a bad idea it won't work
it's time to
the North Korea regime we should strike
first we should essentially just go bomb
them
how does him as national security
adviser change the equation for that
meeting for for North Korea in general
well you know there's an obvious
contradiction in what the president is
doing here he's agreed to this you know
highly risky encounter with Kim jong-un
and yet to get ready for that encounter
he's put in place not one but two people
who have expressed really hawkish views
on North Korea as you say John Bolton
has talked about a pre-emptive military
strike but Mike Pompeo prior to John
Bolton's joining the team was probably
the most openly vocal about the need for
regime change in North Korea so you now
have the two principal foreign policy
advisors of the president are people who
are on the record talking against
engagement and for military action so
it's going to be very interesting to
watch how these two men advise the
president and help him get ready for
this meeting Tillerson is out McMaster
is out very shortly thereafter John
Kelly is reported is one of the people
who the president has sort of I think
enjoyed publicly toying with as to
whether or not he's going to get rid of
him in terms of the influences on the
president the people who have as a year
who are most influential with him when
it comes to national security matters
the sort of odd figure in the midst of
all those departures and threatened
departures is his son-in-law Jared
Kushner and there's been a lot of palace
intrigue reporting as to how he fits in
among the National Security Adviser
National Security Council and the
Secretary of State's responsibilities he
obviously is still standing here but
without a full security clearance and
with a lot of publicly reported
controversy about about his role we have
any sense about mr. Kushner's role at
this point in the in the administration
going forward and whether he had
anything to do with this firing well you
know Jared Kushner as you say having
lost his security clearance doesn't have
access to some of the most sensitive
intelligence which would allow him to
take part in you know the really most
sensitive national security
deliberations he's still involved in
trying to put together a Middle East
peace plan
and the White House I think still
intends to table that proposal at some
point despite very very bad conditions
in the Middle East he's involved in
dealing with Mexico he went down to
Mexico recently and I think he's trying
to work to smooth out a relationship
that has obviously been extremely
contentious because of president Trump's
repeated promises to build a wall so I
think it's going to be interesting to
watch whether he can carve out a place
with very powerful new personalities in
the mix Mike Pompeo is going to be
aggressive he has the president's ear he
gets along well with the president john
bolton is an extremely outspoken figure
someone who goes on television writes
regularly to advocate for his views
these are arguably bigger personalities
stronger voices then Jared Kushner was
dealing with before so we'll see how he
fits in I'd only mentioned one more
figure who I think is going to be
crucial in the coming weeks and that is
the defense secretary Jim mattis along
with Rex Tillerson and HR McMaster
madis was seen as a potential moderating
force on President Trump now you have to
much more hawkish figures in the other
two roles of what had been this
triumvirate so it will be interesting to
see whether Jim mattis finds himself
isolated you know figures out his role
in this new in this new landscape yeah
Jim Madison is particularly close to Rex
Tillerson it was a sort of pointed
logistical matter that mr. Madison
Madison on his way to Afghanistan when
the Tillerson surprise firing came down
last week mark Landler White House
correspondent the New York Times
congratulations on this scoop today
thank you for joining us tonight really
appreciate it thanks Rachel
all right much more to come tonight
we're gonna be talking actually with a
veteran of the National Security Council
who knows John Bolton that I think can
give us a little more insight into why
people are so wigged out about this
appointment of Bolton tonight also it is
should not be and we should not allow
this new news to undercut the other big
shake-up at the White House today and
the president's legal team which is one
that I think is very very very
significant
ahead tonight stay with us hey there are
miss Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
