Democratic Senator Chris Murphy
Connecticut is a member of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations and he
joins me now I'm your reaction to this
news yeah I can't imagine a more
reckless more dangerous pick I can't say
it any better than Steve Clemens the
idea that the person who's first in and
first out of the Oval Office on national
security measures and matters openly
roots for pre-emptive war against North
Korea and Iran with no congressional
vote is you know just incredibly
troubling and to think about a president
who is desperate to try to turn the news
away from the myriad of scandals under
which he is buried is going to have
someone who is going to eagerly
recommend to him that you go around
Congress and start what could be
catastrophic war with North Korea and
Iran you know it's something that we
should all be superconn is concerned
about right now I just want to in case
people think you're being hyperbolic in
the views you're obscure ascribing to
John Bolton I just want to be clear here
this is the op-ed in the Wall Street
Journal for a 28th the legals case for
striking North Korea first that byline
there John Bolton this is him in the New
York Times on Iran in 2015 to stop
Iran's bomb comma bomb Iran so that I
mean those are quite frankly his views I
want to play you what he's said about
Iran in particular because this is
something that you've spent a lot of
time thinking about and talking about
the Iran deal and preserving it and
protecting it from its its many enemies
here's what John Bolton had to say about
Iran and regime change the president
should get out of the nuclear deal with
Iran should resume all of our previous
sanctions putting increased economic
pressure on the regime we should provide
material financial support to the
opposition if they desired we should
work with intelligence services from
other countries that's ally Israel to
provide more pressure there's a lot we
can do and we should do it our goal
should be regime change in Iran what do
you think of that yes so let's be very
clear about what he's talking about he's
talking about the United States being
involved militarily in the overthrow of
the Iranian government if you want chaos
in the Middle East that makes like what
happened in Iraq and Syria seemed as if
try
play then get the United States involved
in an effort to militarily overthrow the
Iranian regime what he is talking about
is nonsense the idea that the United
States could reapply economic pressure
when none of our European partners are
going to go with us is pure fiction at a
time when the United States and Europe
are are separating because of Trump's
rhetoric pulling out of the Iran
agreement would make that even more
catastrophic and the idea that he would
be recommending to the president that
the United States either engage in
pre-emptive military strikes against
Iran or try to foment revolution from
within is is would be catastrophic for
US national security there's there's an
additional context here and I wanted to
get your thoughts on this there is a
struggle in the region between basically
Saudi Arabia and UAE and this sort of
access that they have and allied really
frankly with Israel that view Iran as a
sort of regional threat and they've been
fighting proxy wars in Yemen they've
been fighting proxy wars in the American
press I mean it is it is everywhere you
can look this sort of battle and the the
forces that are the most anti Iran are
very aligned with Jared Kushner
we've got reporting about attempts to
essentially co-opt him to propose
investment opportunities do you have
concerns essentially that we're watching
a sort of successful operation by
foreign governments to push the u.s. in
one direction well listen it's hard to
imagine this administration being any
more in the pocket of Saudi Arabia they
have given them an absolute blank check
in the region and proposed a massive
record-breaking military sale to the
Saudis but when you look at the
combination of Mike Pompeo who has been
historically very hawkish on Iran and
very supportive of the Saudis and John
Bolton you know you can see a United
States getting even more deeply involved
in this disastrous war in Yemen we just
got 44 votes in the Senate the other day
to pull the United States fully out of a
war that has killed 10,000 Yemeni
civilians and the people that are now
being installed in the national security
cabinet may be proposing to get the
United States even
more deeply involved in that conflict I
want to ask you about another piece of
news and I don't know if you've seen
this but but it strikes me as important
it's a piece in The Daily Beast that
basically says that gusoff or 2.0 which
was this sort of online persona that was
sort of shopping leaks around for a
while and I think assumed to be a third
party or cut out who was in touch with
military intelligence was actually just
a GRU officer that just a straight-up
GRU officer was gusoff or 2.0 who was
interacting with Roger stone and others
in direct contact with the Trump
campaign I haven't seen that report
and I and I'm sure that that would be
part and parcel of Muller's review but
listen you know we've we've known for a
very long time that the potential that
the attempted manipulation of both
elections in the United States and
Europe has come with direction from the
top levels of Russian leadership it
shouldn't be news that this is directed
from the highest levels of the Kremlin
that's why ultimately 13 people got
wrapped up in Mulder's investigation
already with Russian connections and
let's remember that john bolton in 2016
coming back to him was one of the
individuals out there casting doubt on
whether the russians were actually
trying to affect our election he has
been a cheerleader for this idea that
there is some question as to whether or
not Russia was involved and he will be
feeding those instincts of the president
when he walks into the Oval Office that
is an excellent point final question in
North Korea obviously this happens you
got the Iran deal his background you got
North Korea which john bolton is in
writing advocating a first strike on
which estimates are that there could be
as a hundred thousand casualties in the
first thirty minutes if something like
that happened and then a summit with
king john moon in a month like what what
what does this mean for that well maybe
his summit i mean we're not sure if
that's happening and you know our worst
case fear was always that trump was
gonna go into this summit with the north
korean leader
unprepared he was going to walk out with
nothing and then he was going to wipe
his hands of diplomacy and move towards
a military strike and so now that he
someone who has been openly cheerleading
for that strike it raises the
possibility that that is exactly how
this is going to go and let's just be
clear about how extreme John Bolton's
views are or what he says in that piece
is that the president has the power to
launch a military strike against North
Korea because the mere possession of
serious strong weaponry by the North
Koreans presents a imminent threat
against the United States not
necessitating congressional approval if
that's the case than any country that
has weapons that could potentially hit
the United States in the future can be
attacked by the president without a
congressional vote that is a Pandora's
box that has no end to it
we should know that that piece that the
senator citing miss February 28th of
this year that's not an array of john
bolton that was published i guess less
than a month ago three weeks ago senator
chris murphy it's always a great
pleasure thanks for joining me thanks
Chris hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
