my colleague Carol Lee here in
Washington with her scoop right now so
Cara Lee down it's putting all this
together it appears John down resigned
because he wasn't except the president
wasn't agreeing with his advice which
was not to speak to Bob Muller yes I
mean that's exactly right chucking among
other things they people have told us
that you know he just was generally
unhappy about the addition of digenova
to the president's legal team and felt
that that was layering him it was
designed to kind of push him out and and
basically that the president wasn't
listening to him and wasn't listening to
his legal advice and and so now we've
been told that you know all of this
whole shake-up as you really outlined
very well is aimed at this decision that
they have to make about a presidential
interview and as we saw from the
president today he really wants to do
one and he has people around him who
want him to fight and that's where his
instincts are and so I think we've our
understanding is there are a number it's
not the shake-up is not complete that
there's still some other possible
additions maybe some subtractions to the
team and that it's all in preparation
for this possible really critical moment
in the investigation but Carol you know
there's two ways to look at if he wants
to sit down with Muller is that fighting
or is that cooperating yeah well that's
a really good point and I think in the
president's mind that's not you know
being seen as not it's you know not
wanting to sit down or or being afraid
of sitting down with with Bob Muller
afraid to face him and his mind could be
perceived as a weakness you know I think
his lawyers the ones John Dowd in
particular you know John down was a
leading opponent of him sitting down
with Bob Muller and for the reason that
you know he felt like he might it's just
too risky and it wasn't worth it and
that it would be more of a fight to
actually not do it as the president I'll
see the downside of publicly changing
legal teams this dramatically it just
that that's what that's what people
under siege who look like they're quote
losing an illegal argument do
yes I mean if you step back and put this
in the context of just what we've been
seeing out of President Trump lately
it's you know he's it's almost as if he
spent the first year trying to kind of
do what people told him to do and and
follow along of the various pieces of
Vice that he was getting and this was
just another example where he wants to
go back to his instincts and if you just
look at Casa wits you know he wanted
Trump to take a more aggressive approach
and he was pushed aside last summer and
so you know the idea that he's Trump is
now re-engaging him and he's you know
one talking about maybe bringing him
back suggests again that he's looking to
take this more aggressive kind of
approach and a more public approach so
all the lawyers he's hiring these are
lawyers that like to talk huge mister
digenova and mr. Castle wits has been
favorites of reporters anyway Carolee
thanks for that great ski hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
