in addition to that FBI investigation
hurdle for Cavanaugh and Supreme Court
nomination
there's also another last hurdle for
Cavanaugh which is starting to emerge as
maybe a real math problem for the
prospects of him actually getting voted
through the Senate whenever it is they
finally take the vote and that actually
isn't directly related to the sexual
assault allegations against Cavanaugh
it's the issue of Cavanaugh's behavior
before the Senate during the
confirmation process and specifically
when he was fielding that sexual assault
allegation from dr. Christine Blasi Ford
what is emerging on that front are two
areas of concern about whether or not
judge Cavanaugh should be on the court
his truthfulness under oath about
everything from his past drinking habits
to his high school nickname to his work
in the George W Bush administration on
controversial nominations and
controversial issues that he's denied
ever playing a role in but the documents
seem to indicate otherwise I mean those
concerns about his truthfulness under
oath and whether he has misled senators
during the confirmation process those
concerns started before sexual assault
allegations were ever leveled against
judge Kavanaugh but they got much worse
thereafter because he how he handled
himself under oath while denying that
allegation and in addition to those
questions about his honesty under oath
there is this related problem that he
now has which is starting to look like
it may be the single most difficult
hurdle for judge Kavanaugh if he still
sees himself as on the way to the
Supreme Court to be a good judge and a
good umpire it's important to have the
proper demeanor really important I think
to walk in the other's shoes whether it
be the other litigants the litigants in
the case the other judges to understand
them to keep our emotions in check to be
calm amidst the storm on the bench to to
put it in the vernacular don't be a jerk
I think that's important to be a good
umpire and a good judge don't be a jerk
that was judge Cavanaugh speaking in
2015 at the law school at Catholic
University a longer transcript of that
speech was just published by weird
David corn at Mother Jones magazine that
speech from 2015 was already a little
bit famous because that's the speech for
a judge Kavanaugh veered off script a
little bit and said what happens at
Georgetown Prep stays at Georgetown Prep
and that's been a good thing for all of
us and that got a flurry of attention
last week but in that same speech
Cavanaugh goes on and on about how
important it is for a judge to quote
keep our emotions in check to be calm to
have the proper demeanor all this stuff
about how a judge must comport himself
or herself if he or she actually wants
to be part of the federal judiciary at
every level let me run through what I
think and I'm a judge as umpire means
first and probably most obviously not
being a political partisan you have to
check those political allegiances at the
door when you become a judge you have to
shed them it's very important the outset
for a judge who wants to be an umpire to
avoid any semblance of that partisanship
of that political background of that
background they might have had in a
particular line of work that's the first
probably most fundamental thing for a
judge who wants to be an umpire that is
Brett Cavanaugh's own standard for what
the the fundamentals are of a judicial
temperament and of course this is Judge
Cavanaugh's own display of his would be
judicial temperament before the United
States Senate the behavior of several
the Democratic members of this committee
of my hearing a few weeks ago was an
embarrassment but at least it was just a
good old-fashioned attempt at barking
those efforts didn't work when I did at
least okay enough at the hearings that
it looked like I might actually get
confirmed a new tactic was needed some
of you were lying in wait and had it
ready you've tried hard you've given it
your all no one can question your effort
but you're coordinated and well-funded
effort to destroy my good name and
destroy my family will not drive me out
what goes around comes around
this has destroyed my family and my good
name a good name Buddha built up through
decades a very hard work in public
service at the highest levels of the
American government
this whole two-week effort has been a
calculated and orchestrated political
hit fueled with a parent pent-up anger
about President Trump and the 2016
election fear that has been unfairly
stoked about my judicial record revenge
on behalf of the Clintons whether or not
that display for bet Cavanaugh does
confirmation hearing is unnerving to you
or not in terms of what you expect from
a Supreme Court justice
number one it very much violates
Cavanaugh's own explicit standards for
how a judge should behave for what
constitutes judicial temperament and
number two the way that he behaved seems
now to be buggin even some Republican
senators here's new audio we've just got
in tonight this is reporter Liz Ruskin
from Alaska public media talking with
Alaska Republican senator Lisa Murkowski
about Cavanaugh's demeanor before the
Senate again this is tape that we
obtained from Alaska public media but I
believe this is the first time this tape
has been broadcast were you disturbed by
the partisan statements that he made I
was surprised by the by the very direct
partisan statements that were made some
of which were confrontational I was
surprised to see that Lisa Murkowski
speaking to Alaska public media bye-bye
now you may have also seen Arizona
Republican Senator Jeff Flake Sri marks
on the same topic
I was very troubled by the the tone of
the of the remarks the initial defense
that
that Judge Cavanaugh gave was something
like I told my wife I hope that I would
sound that indignant if I were if I felt
that I was unjustly you know maligned
but then it went on and the interaction
with the members was sharp and partisan
and that concerns me
and I tell myself you'd give a little
leeway because of what he's been through
but on the other hand we can't have this
on the court we simply can't so Senator
Jeff Flake and Senator Lisa Murkowski
both now expressing concern about
whether Brett Kavanaugh is displaying
the kind of temperament and demeanor
that should be expected of a would-be
Supreme Court justice senator Susan
Collins of Maine is another closely
watched vote on the Kavanagh nomination
she has not weighed in personally on
this particular aspect of Cavanaugh's
behavior thus far but this is the
editorial view of her hometown paper on
this subject in Maine let me see the
headline there well Brett Kavanaugh has
shown he doesn't belong on the Supreme
Court
the man who testified Thursday can't
control his temper he is overtly
partisan and he doesn't always tell the
truth
well regardless of what questions the
investigation can answer we already know
this based on what he demonstrated in
his own testimony Kavanagh lacks the
character and judgment to serve on the
Supreme Court and his widely watched
appearance Cavanaugh revealed that he
has an explosive temper and resorts to
bullying when he feels threatened he was
understandably under stress and fighting
a high-stakes battle for his reputation
but his temperament was tested during
the hearing and he failed the test we
have never had a Supreme Court nominee
who ripped off the nonpartisan mask the
way Cavanaugh did Thursday and
identified himself as an enemy of a
political party that represents the
policy preferences of millions of
Americans he blamed his predicament on
bizarre conspiracy theories claiming
that his trouble stemmed from pent up
anger about President Trump and
opponents seeking revenge on behalf of
the Clintons
after his partisan rant Kavanagh will
never be able to judge a case without
the animus he expressed because being
considered a factor in his decision
this is not the road we want to take
again that is coming from the hometown
paper and the Portland Press Herald
which is read by necessity and
presumably avidly my hometown senator
Susan Collins of Maine tonight I should
also tell you just before we got on the
air that the New York Times published
this letter that is signed by over 650
US law professors quote and Counting
quote judicial temperament is one of the
most important qualities of a judge as
the Congressional Research Service
explains a judge requires a personality
that is even-handed unbiased impartial
courteous yet firm and dedicated to a
process not a result at the Senate
hearings in September 27th Judge Brett
Kavanaugh displayed a lack of judicial
temperament that would be disqualifying
for any court and certainly for the
elevation to the highest court of this
land quote we have differing views about
the other qualifications of judge
Kavanaugh but we are united as
professors of law and scholars of
judicial institutions and believing that
he did not display the impartiality and
judicial temperament requisite to sit on
the highest court again that published
just tonight in the New York Times over
650 law professors signing onto it
including more than a dozen from Yale
Law School of which Brett Kavanaugh is a
graduate so tonight we await definitive
word on the FBI background investigation
into the sexual assault allegations
against Cavanaugh we await news of that
FBI report honestly without any clarity
as to what the FBI actually looked at in
that investigation at this point if the
shoe was on the other foot and the FBI
was investigating a Democratic president
Supreme Court nominee and the head of
the FBI was that nominees law school
classmate like FBI director Chris Rea is
- Brett Kavanaugh and the Deputy
Attorney General overseeing the probe is
an old co-worker of the nominee who
showed up at his hearing to support his
nomination as rod Rosen Stein did for
Brett Kavanaugh if the shoe was on the
other foot you could imagine how nuts
Republicans would be going over the
character of the FBI investigation at
this point in the consideration of that
nominee
but Democrats don't pressure the FBI the
way that Republicans do Matt Miller does
a former Department of Justice spokesman
has a very powerful op-ed thats just
posted today at politico.com lamenting
lamenting this difference in the dynamic
do we have that op-ed that we can show
picture thank you
lamenting that difference in the way
democrats and republicans handle these
matters so Democrats don't pressure the
FBI the way the Republicans do we're all
waiting for the FBI investigation
Republicans would be crowing about it
like you can't believe Democrats appear
to just be waiting for it who knows if
we will ever see for example those 302s
from the FBI investigation who knows if
the FBI at this point feels any
political pressure in terms of what
they're doing or what they might report
other than the pressure they're
certainly feeling from the
republican-controlled Congress and the
aggressively out of its Lane Republican
controlled White House but tonight we
are waiting to hear about the outcome of
that process and while we are waiting
that word which could come at any moment
one of the senators from the Judiciary
Committee
well join us next Tuesday say with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
