from from the Intel committee its mains
independent senator angus King who of
course caucuses with the Democrats
senator King welcome back to the show
Chuck always a pleasure well you're
trying to create urgency and when you
use words like terrifying that is one
way to create urgency explain what this
Intel report was and frankly why did why
are you only why are we only seeing it
yesterday well this and the work that
we've been doing for the past year this
is on focused on strictly the Russians
attempts to to penetrate state election
systems this isn't about emails or the
Democratic National Committee or
Facebook this is the states and I sat
down and read the classified version
hopefully we're going to be able to get
it Declassified in the reasonably near
future so you can look at it but what
came through to me Chuck because we've
always been talking about this and we
knew that it happened as I said in my
remarks we've been using words like you
know they've been messing around with
state election systems and and attacking
but but what came through to me was how
sophisticated and and systematic this
attack was and when you add it to the
other things that they were doing this
was a comprehensive well established
well thought out strategy to undermine
our democracy and we're still not really
adequately acknowledging it and we don't
have any doctrine or or response where
people are worried about what will
happen to them if they attack us in this
way you seem to be indicating and I
think you did so during the committee
hearing that you thought what the
Russians did in 2016 with the election
rolls the you know the different states
with what they did you seem to indicate
it was almost like they were just
testing to see what they could do that
they didn't actually activate what they
could do and your concern is about what
they're planning going forward well if
you know that they were going after 21
different states and by the way that's
the minimum number there may be ones
that the intelligence community didn't
pick up but if they were doing that they
weren't doing it for fun or for exercise
they were doing it to practice they were
doing it to learn about vulnerabilities
and we already know that they're back in
in our election season this year so
that's the that was the the thing that
really bothered me about this yes they
all the intelligences they didn't change
any votes but right but they were they
were doing it for a reason and they're
gonna get into a voter registration list
and we're gonna we've got to shore up
our defenses but we also have to tell
them if you keep doing this you're gonna
pay a serious price right now we're a
cheap date there's no consequences for
doing something like this to us and we
had an admiral of one of the senior
intelligence officials the other day he
said that we're not doing anything that
would make them change their calculus
that was his term and that to me is
pretty alarming all right I want to talk
about security first and then and we'll
get on offensive measures one of the
features of our decentralized system is
that it's decentralized that it's not
like you're there's one hacking point
there's 50 hacking points if you will
perhaps even more in some states they're
so decentralized but it's that same
decentralization that makes it harder to
secure do you have an idea of how to of
how to secure this in time
well we've we issued a bunch of
recommendations yesterday and some of
them are so simple that you think oh
well that's obvious one of them is never
have a voting system that doesn't have a
paper backup that you can't audit that
you can't check the Machine numbers
against the paper numbers that's that's
probably the most basic and important
recommendation the other is never have a
voting system that's connected to the
Internet
isolate your voting rolls your
registration system from the internet so
there there are certain sort of basic
rules that we have to do but the problem
I have is as I as I said I'm not sure we
can you know a smart hacker can get into
just about anything the other thing
Chuck everybody talks about it being
decentralized there less than a dozen
vendors of voting machines in the
country and I asked the question today
how many are there they didn't know
they're going to get back to me I think
it's less than a dozen and which of
those are far in the right
I'd like to know that because you know
making ourselves feel comfortable
because it's decentralized doesn't do
much good if all the machines are coming
from the same place all right I want to
ask you about the president and his
inability to criticize Vladimir Putin we
have a former CIA director a former a
retired four-star general a former head
of the DNI Jim clapper and a former
acting CIA director who all believe this
president is somehow compromised or that
Putin has something it's their only
explanation for the behavior this is in
the words of Brennan McCaffrey clapper
morale have you seen anything that makes
you think the president is somehow
compromised and that's the explanation
for his lack of critique of Vladimir
Putin well I'm not going to talk about
what I've seen or not seen because a
great deal of what we're doing in the
committee is classified I'm not going to
talk about it we will as just as we did
this week do a report we'll get to that
question but my concern is not so much
that he doesn't confront Vladimir Putin
on the phone I just wish he would talk
to the American people and tell them
what happened and just tell them what
the Russians did in the voting machines
in the in the DNC and the misinformation
in Facebook if he would if he would
acknowledge that we would it could go a
long way toward having the centralized
leadership that we need to confront this
issue there's still people out there
Chuck you're in Wisconsin if you talk to
people on the street that'll tell you
the whole thing is a witch hunt it
doesn't amount to anything I know it's a
hoax and that's because the president
it√≠d States is telling him that and and
I understand he doesn't want to deal
with this collusion thing and he says
that didn't happen that's fine but what
the Russians did there is no doubt about
it and and if he keep them for him to
keep undermining that just makes it
harder for us to confront it do you
trust Facebook with your day of private
data right now I have to think long and
hard about that I would I think well my
philosophy is anything that you put
online is going to go anywhere to
anybody so I I follow the precautionary
a principle that anything I put online
is going to help my grandmother's going
to see on the front page of the
newspaper
that's the politician and you thinking
that way for sure senator King anyway
senator I'll leave it there appreciate
your time thank you for coming on and
sharing your view sir
thanks jug hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
