day 622 of the Trump administration as
we said the breaking news we're going to
begin with tonight happened just over an
hour ago on the floor of the US Senate
this evening the Senate will receive the
results of the FBI supplemental
background investigation of Judge Brett
Kavanaugh so I'm filing cloture on
George Cavanaugh's nomination this
evening so the process can move forward
Senate stands adjourned until 11:00 a.m.
tomorrow
that's all Senate talk of course it
means the key procedural vote on
Kavanagh can begin one hour after the
Senate convenes Friday it means we could
have a full and final Senate vote by
this weekend before that members of the
Senate Judiciary Committee will get
their first look at the FBI's new
background investigation into Brett
Kavanaugh NBC News has confirmed
chairman Grassley will be the first one
allowed to review the findings at 8:00
a.m. Eastern
then ranking member Senator Dianne
Feinstein will have a chance as head of
the Dems on the committee at 9:00 a.m.
Senate Judiciary Republicans at 10:00
a.m. then committee Democrats at 11:00
a.m. in all about a hundred and nine
people are allowed to see the
investigation results
this latest inquiry was a result of dr.
Christine Blasi Ford's accusation of
sexual assault against Kavanaugh an
allegation he denies right now Senate
Majority Leader McConnell has no plans
to make the report public but tonight
there are major questions being asked
about the way this investigation was
conducted and why it didn't take all the
time it was allowed NBC News has learned
it was significantly limited in scope
the Washington Post also reports tonight
that the agents work was curtailed
adding quote the White House and the FBI
have treated each other warily
throughout the process people familiar
with the matter said both sides were
mindful that their written
communications might one day be subject
to subpoena particularly if Democrats
take control of the House of
Representatives in next month's midterm
elections President Trump has insisted
publicly he was not curtailing the FBI
probe but privately the White House
restricted the FBI from delving deeply
into Calvin
his youthful drinking and exploring
whether he had lied to Congress about
his alcohol use sources indicate the FBI
has spoken to at least six people
including mark judge Brett Kavanaugh his
friend who dr. Ford identified as being
in the room when she was allegedly
sexually assaulted
Leland Kaiser Patrick Smith who Ford
also said were at the house that night
Deborah Ramirez who alleged in The New
Yorker that Cavanaugh exposed himself to
her at a party at Yale something he also
denies and two of Cavanaugh high school
classmates and friend friends Tim Gaudet
and Chris Garrett but sources also tell
NBC News more than 40 people more than
40 people with potential information
about these allegations against
Cavanaugh have not been contacted by the
FBI nor has the bureau interviewed judge
Cavanaugh or dr. Ford themselves on
Monday the president indicated he was
open to FBI interviews with his nominee
and all of the accusers should Brett
Kavanaugh be interviewed by the FBI oh I
think so I think it's fine if they do
should the FBI interview all three of
Brett Cavanaugh's accusers it wouldn't
bother me at all also today the White
House has been forced to confront the
bipartisan backlash over the president's
remarks at that rally last night about
dr. Ford's accusation how many years ago
was it I don't know
Upstairs Downstairs where was I don't
know but I had one beer that's the only
thing I remember for did testify the
year was 1982 that she was 15 years of
age and the attack was upstairs today
this was the defense strategy from the
White House the president was stating
the facts certainly the testimony by dr.
Ford was compelling but you can't make
this decision based on emotion it has to
be based on fact every single bit of
evidence and facts that we've seen in
this moment have supported Judge
Cavanaugh's case let's bring in our
leadoff panel on a consequential
Wednesday night Elizabeth view Miller is
back with us Washington bureau chief for
the New York Times Frankfurt Lizzy
former FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence Ashley Parker
Pulitzer Prize winning White House
reporter for The Washington Post and
Eugene Robinson Pulitzer Prize winning
columnist for The Washington Post we're
so very thankful to have you all to
start off our broadcast tonight good
evening to you all and welcome Elizabeth
I'd like to begin with you your
newspaper has teams that work on both
ends of Pennsylvania Avenue the Capitol
and the White House the majority leader
comes to the floor tonight and says
we're going full steam ahead we're going
to vote on that thing is that do you
think does your reporting bear out
because of any new sense of confidence
he has can his whip count have possibly
changed without anyone having read this
FBI investigation I think he's fairly
confident but the main thing you need to
know about Senator McConnell is that he
is plowing ahead he wants this very
badly this is everything to him this is
his legacy
you mentioned earlier about about
President Trump's remarks being not
helpful that's certainly the case but
for it for Senator McConnell this is
everything that getting a conservative
majority in the Supreme Court for the
next generation you know never mind the
midterms that's a two year event this is
everything and they are they're somewhat
confident that they have the votes
otherwise they wouldn't have done that
he he called for the vote of the
procedural vote the cloture vote leading
to the final vote
weekend without even seeing the FBI
report but they are they they feel
fairly confident about the three
waverers Susan Collins Lisa Murkowski
and and Senator flake also senator
Heitkamp and Senator Manchin they think
might also vote in favor that among that
among the Democrats Frank fig loozy I've
been trying to get you on this broadcast
for a couple of nights I have a couple
of questions for you number one about
the process this investigation I suppose
should have been unrestricted it should
have been transparent it should have
been thorough it is your position that
this was held back from the get-go and
here we are reporting tonight 40
people's stories who have come forward
will go unrecorded and unreported
because this thing is done and dusted
and already has arrived at the Senate
tonight yeah I think the FBI could do
amazing things in one week Brian but
they simply weren't permitted to do
those amazing things and the fact that
dr. Ford herself has not even been
interviewed is just a basic failure of
its it's classic how to do an
investigation the wrong way so the
American public needs to understand that
the rules need to change regarding the
relationship the client relationship
between the FBI and the White House when
it comes to presidential appointments
that process needs to be looked at but
but that's down the road what we're
faced with right now is something less
than a full investigation an
investigation dictated by politicians
and handcuffs placed on the FBI you and
I both know I hope our viewers know you
don't speak for the FBI but you can
speak about the organization you and I
both also know that if director ray had
come forward perhaps even gone public
held a press event and said I consider
this free reign we would have had a much
wider much deeper investigation will be
not well I don't know if we would have
had an FBI director anymore
point I think I think this is a real
tough dilemma for the director of the
FBI because there is existing protocol
that needs to be followed and I we don't
know and it would be dangerous dangerous
for us to speak about what
communications went between the FBI DOJ
and the White House someday as has been
said before all of this could be
discoverable via subpoena
via Freedom of Information Act requests
or even congressional hearings as to
what really transpired and whether
requests were made for additional
investigation and turned down or not and
all of the field office communications
saying to headquarters
we've got people calling in walking in
where do we still have to turn them away
answer yes all of that's potentially
discoverable we need to hear what
happened I got one more for you before
Ashley in Eugene accused me of showing
favoritism to the times I hold in my
hand an FBI 302 this happens to be the
302 that's been released following
Hillary Clinton's 2016 interview the
senators are going to view 302 forms
tomorrow there's no conclusion there's
no summary page but Frank in your best
non FBI English for our viewers explain
what a 302 is sure it's you know the
government's famous for having numbers
on everything so the 302 just is the
number of documents federal document 3
at number 302 and there's no magic or
mystery to it it it really is a
recitation of what the interview subject
has told you it always starts with a
usual preamble on Wednesday October 3rd
Brian Williams was interviewed by
Special Agent Frank Fick Luzi mr.
Williams was advised of the nature and
purpose of the interview and he agreed
to voluntarily provide the following
information at that point it might say
that mr. Williams requested
confidentiality and in that case that
the name would be redacted from people
it's being presented to and and then
recites what was said but it's not a
verbatim description sometimes when
you're in a sensitive interview you're
seeking a confession it doesn't help to
have a notepad out where you're clicking
on your laptop in front of the subject
but rather you've got to have eye
contact and rapport so you get very good
as an FBI agent
leaving the room and immediately
documenting what was said or remembering
and if you're putting quotes in from the
subject you need to put those in quotes
what's not in there Brian is conclusions
and opinions of the agent that would be
a separate section and only in the event
that the subject is clearly indicating
deception
the subject sweated profusely during the
interview the subject looked down and
closed his eyes for the entire interview
that would be put in a separate in a
separate section away from the 302 as I
recall hearing a former FBI director
followed that very same protocol after
dinner with the president Frank thank
you for that Ashley I'm gonna play you
something from senator Ben Sasse on the
Senate floor tonight we'll talk about it
on the other side we all know that the
president cannot lead us through this
time we know that he's dispositional e
unable to restrain his impulse to divide
us his mockery of dr. Ford last night in
Mississippi was wrong but it doesn't
really surprise anyone it's who he is so
Ashley what is that is that kind of
forgive the phrase senator having it
both ways a senator who's going to end
up as a yes who wants broadcasts like
ours to do what we just did and air that
that soundbite would the whiff of
criticizing the president I was struck
by those comments too especially because
that sounds like a senator who is going
to vote no but he's not even one of the
ones of those sort of three to five we
hear about in that mix what Senator sass
is saying for instance is he's saying
publicly something you frequently hear
privately from members of Congress in in
both parties but if you just want to
focus in on the real three Republicans
right now everyone is paying attention
to what's so striking again about all of
this is they all came out senator
Collins senator Murkowski senator flake
and condemned what the President did
when he mocked dr. Ford in Mississippi
the other night that said senator flake
said quite overtly that it wasn't going
to affect how he voted on judge
Cavanaugh some of the other senators
were
more circumspect but there is this
interesting thing where much like some
of the president's own voters and
supporters they don't like the language
they don't like the tone but they
ultimately more often than not end up
supporting him Eugene I want to show you
some video and have you react to it last
night of course we pored over the words
of the president at the rally in
Mississippi tonight it's DJ TJ Donnie
junior at a Cruz event who gives us our
soundbite now I know that in this week
in particular you're not allowed to have
a beer if you are a conservative now if
you're you can do cocaine and you can be
the president but that's okay it's okay
hold ourselves to a higher standard
Eugene you comment for a living go ahead
you know he's becoming much more visible
and frequent spokesman for the
administration I and maybe they like
that I don't think that's gonna work out
very well for them in the long run
because he has said he may face great
legal parent yeah exactly and he doesn't
have his his father's charisma or
swagger or any of that but you know let
him go ahead and say what he must decide
this is um it sounds like they're gonna
push this through I mean that's what it
sounds like to me and Mitch McConnell
could be bluffing he could be putting
pressure on the waverers by saying we're
gonna vote on Friday and we're gonna
push that but he usually doesn't Bluff
he usually has the votes he count he
counts very well and he thinks they're
gonna vote with him in the final
analysis we should not be surprised that
the that the investigation is is it's
not a real investigation because it
never was gonna be I mean it was it was
constrained to one week from the
beginning no matter what you find just
one week and then there was a
negotiation of what you know do you do
it transparently inadequate
investigation or do you cover your flank
a bit
make it look more like a real
investigation they decided to go with
plan a hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
