not they would opt for things to do if
they believed that it was in their
interest and the Russians I think have
had long experience with with mr. Trump
and may have things that they could
expose to something personal perhaps
perhaps perhaps you just said you
thought it was possible that the
Russians had something on Donald Trump
you would director of the CIA until 2017
is that speculation or are you talking
with information I'm saying that perhaps
the Russians have something and that's
why mr. Trump is concerned mr. Trump
knows better than anyone of us whether
or not the Russians may have something
on him so I think it's very difficult to
try to explain his ba behavior and why
he has taken and opted in this position
visa vie Vladimir Putin personally and
so one can again speculate that maybe
there's something there former CIA
director and NBC News senior and
national security and intelligence
analyst John Brennan speaking with us
earlier this hour pretty stunning
interview joining us now a member of the
Foreign Relations Committee Democratic
Senator Chris Coons of Delaware senator
first of all just respond to that
interview a former CIA director who's
worked for presidents on both sides of
the aisle is deeply concerned about
where this president is taking us deeply
concerned about this country's future
your thoughts I'm also deeply concerned
and I think many of my colleagues both
Republicans and Democrats see clearly
that there is no good answer there's no
good reason why time and time again when
our president is in a position to
confront Vladimir Putin either on the
assassination in the United Kingdom
interference in our elections the ways
he's undermining our allies across the
world
he knuckles under he lets Putin win he
ignores his own national security teams
advise to call President Putin and
congratulate him on his election and
make no mention of the pressing national
security concerns of this country there
is no good explanation for that also not
the white house not able to articulate
that this was not a free and fair
election right and
so there is really a concern about
Russia that the President must be in
some ways sort of passing on to the
people who work for him and some who are
perhaps one might argue too weak will
protect the president and his concern
about Russia rather than what's right
there following his lead and sadly he's
not leading he's not leading our country
in a way that defends our values we are
a significantly more powerful country
than Russia and we need to lead with our
values if we're going to be respected
around the world or as the great country
we've been he's not making America great
again he's taking us back to the
isolationism of 70 years ago you could
hear it from John Brennan and we hear it
from many others there is a a concern
but he will fire Muller there is a
concern that this new lawyer on his team
will push him in that direction as well
and say what he wants to hear if he does
that will your Republican colleagues
step up and what can you do well there
were some strong statements from a
number of Republican senators Jeff Flake
in particular John McCain put out a very
strong statement the leaders both
speaker Ryan and Majority Leader
McConnell have said robert muller should
be allowed to complete his investigation
unhindered but i think we need to do
more anyone who thinks that the special
counsel robert muller isn't in imminent
danger of being fired isn't paying
attention just look at your phones right
the tweets coming out from president
trump this morning right it clear that
he is sort of rattling the cage and
threatening to fire him we should take
up and pass the special counsel bill
that Senator Tillis and I introduced
months ago that's had a hearing in front
of the Judiciary Committee I think we
should be moving forward on a protection
bill for the special session in terms of
your conversations we've seen them a
little bit nudging some of your
Republican colleagues could you see them
moving to a position in any scenario
where they were prepared to say okay we
actually need to do action now to
protect the special counsel because once
he's been fired it's too late and you
guys must be talking about this behind
you right it's been frustratingly
difficult virtually every Republican
colleague with whom I've spoken says yes
it would be horrible for Robert Muller
to be fired it would undermine rule of
law it's a red line the president
shouldn't cross and I say so co-sponsor
this bill make a public statement let's
do something on the floor they say yeah
that's not going to happen
I've gotten reassurances from the White
House it's not going to happen my mom
used to say an ounce of prevention is
worth a pound of cure
for a second frankly this is a train
that's rolling right at us and the
easiest way to stop it is through action
knows that they can't always make the
president his word exhibit changed
tomorrow I mean how many examples do we
have in the last month of him blustering
threatening in one way and then
reversing course immediately
you can't know exactly where he's going
to go but he drew a red line he
communicated to robert muller through
the press months ago if you start
investigating my findings that's what
he's doing basically said it John
senator Coons they're actually this week
Democrats have probably one of the last
points of leverage they're gonna have
over the course of this year
legislatively because we know that
Democratic votes will be required to
pass the budget bill and keep the
government open before the end of the
week why not use that leverage what are
your Democratic colleagues say to the
case that why shouldn't Democrats use
that leverage and insist that this kind
of protection this kind of prevention as
you described it be inserted into the
bill well in order the Democratic vote
said it needs to pass we've explored
every option to find a way to move
forward with the special counsel bill at
this point I think moving forward in the
Senate with it legislatively not through
the omnibus is the only path open
Senator Chris Coons always good to see
you thank you very much hope your back
feels better thanks
up next in hidden camera footage
executives from Cambridge analytic ah
boasted about their role in Donald
Trump's win now that company is facing
serious questions about its activities
we'll have that story straight ahead on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
