you know people say Donald Trump's
impulsive including his critics but it
can be a mistake to use just that lens
about all things Trump there's evidence
that shows he can also be quite canny
and premeditated Bob Miller certainly
probing whether Trump's more than
impulsive because proving the mental
intent for obstruction requires usually
more than impulse it requires corrupt
planning consider that for ten months
Donald Trump avoided ever criticizing
bob muller by name or ever impulsively
even tweeting his name until now after
the friday night firing of Comey deputy
Andrew McCabe Trump is now singling out
Muller by name it looks like a new phase
it looks deliberate it does not look
impulsive and some Republicans I can
tell you tonight apparently agree
speaking out in the most direct terms
we've seen about what happens if Trump
tries to illegally remove Muller they're
talking about potential impeachment if
the president fired
Robert Muller do you think that would be
an impeachable offense probably so if he
did it without cause yeah I think what
the president will have done is stop an
investigation into whether or not his
campaign colluded with the Russians what
effect the Russians had on the 2016
campaign I can't see it being anything
other than a corrupt purpose to stop the
investigation without cause I think
would be a constitutional crisis or take
Republican Senator Jeff Flake who wrote
this just tonight we're begging the
president not to fire the special
counsel don't create a constitutional
crisis Congress cannot preempts such a
firing our only constitutional remedy is
after the fact through impeachment no
one wants that outcome he writes mr.
president please don't go there Mitch
McConnell tried a different tack
insisting that Muller won't be going
anywhere and Paul Ryan meanwhile claims
he has assurances are you prepared in
any action
the special counsel yeah I just don't
think it's necessary
I don't think Bob Muller is going
anywhere
I think there's widespread feeling and
the president's lawyers obviously agree
that he ought to be allowed to finish
the job
special counsel should be free to follow
through his investigation to its
completion without interference
absolutely I am confident that he'll be
able to do that I've received assurances
that his firing is not even under
consideration not even under
consideration it sounds good but it was
more than considered the New York Times
reported Trump tried to fire Muller in
June and was only blocked when his own
White House Counsel Don McGann refused
to ask the DOJ to dismiss Muller saying
he would quit instead I'm joined now by
Jennifer Rubin a conservative opinion
writer at the Washington Post and MSNBC
contributor as well as Ezra Klein editor
at large at Vox and host of the podcast
the Ezra climed show Ezra when you look
at this breakdown between leadership and
some other Republicans making some noise
what direction do you think we're headed
in no we're good so I think you see a
couple things here one as much as I
admire what senators Graham and flake
are saying if they had the power that I
wish they had in the Republican Party we
would have had a solution say on Daka
long ago so I don't think you look at
them as we have taken the temperature
where the center the party is what I do
think is surprising is how little
instinct for self-preservation McConnell
and Ryan have here there are plenty of
bills that could protect Mullah right
now you can make him genuinely
independent you could create an
independent Congressional Commission
there are all kinds of things that are
actually in Congress right now you can
do to protect Muller to make sure you
never have to face a scenario they are
worried they're gonna have to face which
is a fly and where they either have to
act or protect Trump at the cost of
their own legacies if they haven't done
that they are relying on Trump's good
temperament to keep them out of trouble
here strikes me as a bet that if I were
them I wouldn't want to make and
Jennifer a lot of this comes down to
whether it's time to issue these
warnings and talk about the i-word or
whether if you follow the logic
some of the Trump defenders that's
getting ahead of what's happened which
his mother's been on the job for 10
months I don't know if you ever listened
to the rapper Davies but he famously
said I'm like a bad doctor
I ain't got no patients and there's a
Trump defense here that nobody has
patience to just let this play out which
side do you think is right I think Ezra
is right it's dangerous to take
assurances from this White House about
anything and what if next time
Don McGann takes direction and does tell
this special prosecutor that he's toast
or does decide to fire rod Rosen scene
so it is really playing with absolute
fire there is no reason for example why
they can't pass a simple resolution
which should pass unanimously saying
that this would be an impeachable
offense that at least would set out a
clear line for the president there's
nothing that prohibits them from doing
that there's no constitutional
prohibition on that I would say though
that I think Lindsey Graham
unintentionally gave us a very
interesting argument if corrupt intent
would be demonstrated by firing Bob
Mahler why isn't corrupt intent shown by
firing James Comey by coming up with a
false cover story to explain the Trump
Tower meeting by all the whole litany of
things that he has done and in essence
Lindsey Graham is acknowledging that
these actions in the course of his
presidency if made for his own
self-preservation are impeachable acts
it doesn't have to be just the firing of
Bob Muller so someone should get a hold
of Lindsey Graham and say but what about
all these other things that he's been up
to so I think you know the Republicans
are chasing their own tails here they're
trying to simultaneously avoid the issue
at the same time trying not to look like
utter hypocrites and I don't think
they're doing a very good job nor are
they fooling the American people into
believing that they're actually doing
their job as we speak to Jennifer's
point that essentially if you're talking
about firing law enforcement officials
for the criminal probe it's already
happened why is there a celebrity aspect
around Muller when these other people
were also important I have often
wondered what it is exactly that we are
waiting on Muller
proof I think a lot of people are
expecting something to be revealed that
has not been revealed and I think
there'll be a lot of details that are
but in the question of whether or not
there's already been obstruction of
justice of course sir as Donald Trump
went on NBC and he said it forthrightly
it was perfectly clear what he did and
why he did it one of the things I do
worry about in all this is that what we
are actually watching more than the
firing of Muller that that's sort of
been a specter hanging over this but
we're watching is one the the so
discrediting of Muller on the right
there's been a long-running and fairly
successful campaign within the Fox News
a verse within the Republican Congress
if you look at what House members and
who are conservatives have been saying
to discredit Mullis findings before they
come out and the other is it by drawing
this out there's simply an acculturation
process people become less and less
shocked by what they're hearing they
become used to what they already heard
well look he already fired call me and
nothing happened so you know he could go
and do the rest of it people become used
to things and one thing that concerns me
is that Bob Mahler could come out with a
searing report months from now the
report could show without a shadow of a
doubt obstruction of justice and then
what Republicans and Fox News are gonna
say you know some of it is old news and
they already knew about it some of it
they'll just disbelieve and there isn't
a remedy this is a political process and
politically Republicans have done
everything in their power to cover and
protect Donald Trump I don't see what
we're expecting to be different in the
coming months as recline given everybody
a lot of good vibes to go to that time
slow flouting of all constitutional
norms and the lack of political backbone
to save our republic having said that I
think you are both articulating these
concerns quite well Ezra Klein and
Jennifer Rubin thank you both coming up
we have more on the breaking news the
president warned not to thank Lattimore
excuse me not to congratulate Vladimir
Putin on the Russian election and then
you go ahead and did it anyway also
we're gonna keep monitoring the
situation as I mentioned
in Austin Texas the Austin PD called
them the scene of this reported
explosion police say that there was an
incendiary device but but what police
are saying what I'm hearing stress from
our control room as we as I told you we
would monitor this law enforcement
briefing is that the latest materials
that were collected in the latest
investigation they're doing on that most
recent site was not actually incendiary
that was not actually what they view to
be explosive materials and not connected
to the other bombings you may recall we
mentioned some of the reporting on that
what's new right now as you can see on
your screen is law enforcement
officially saying that on the record and
this briefing we wanted to get you that
update and we'll have more on that
coming up including a report from NBC's
Gabe Gutierrez that a male employee was
going through basically some materials
have been dropped off that there was a
kind of a flash and there were minor
injuries sustained so I wanted to
mention as well our reporting from my
colleague Gabe Gutierrez as we monitor
those events and bring you more as we
get it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
