and now we turn to our special edition
of the be tonight law and orders Trump
versus the FBI tonight Donald Trump's
lawyers are trying to limit the scope of
the Miller interview with the president
Trump shuffling his legal team adding
Fox News commentator Joseph Jett digit
ivenna but how did Trump get here how
did he find himself facing this criminal
probe in his first year something no
president has faced well a key chapter
began one year ago today when James
Comey dropped this bombshell on the hill
I have been authorized by the Department
of Justice to confirm that the FBI as
part of our counterintelligence mission
is investigating the Russian
government's efforts to interfere in the
2016 presidential election and that
includes investigating the nature of any
links between individuals associated
with the Trump campaign and the Russian
government that right there a year ago
was the first confirmation the FBI was
investigating Trump and Russia pretty
striking considering Comey also kept the
secret that he was doing a Hillary
Clinton probe during the whole campaign
now experts say the announcement I just
showed you there about Donald Trump in
that probe paved the way to commis now
infamous firing which itself triggered
the entire Miller probe now that's how
we got here I'm speaking to you on a
night when two Republican senators are
warning Trump he'll be impeached if he
fires Muller and call me preparing to
break his silence with this book tour as
well as a now highly anticipated
interview with my colleague Rachel
Maddow next month all this coming after
these extraordinary past couple of days
the Justice Department just last night
firing the FBI's former number two
Andrew McCabe
he says he's being singled out for
supporting former FBI director James
Comey after he was fired this is Brennan
talking to the president will take your
rightful place as a disgraced Democrat
in the dustbin of history name a
scapegoat
Andy McKay but you will not destroy
America that is not the normal behavior
in a democracy and that is the kind of
behavior you see in an authoritarian
regime what we have here is a White
House that is for frustrating a massive
cover-up more serious than that of
Richard Nixon his firing mower would
precipitate in this country to
constitute the first question in our
special and the issue that could decide
whether Trump did criminally obstruct
justice is were there real legitimate
reasons to fire Comey and McCabe Donald
Trump is the first president to ever
fire an FBI director and his deputy both
times Trump claiming the firings were
over FBI officials breaking rules in the
Clinton probe did they really break the
rules and if so was that the actual
reason for these firings we turn now to
one of the nation's top authorities on
federal law
Niel cartels argued dozens of cases at
the Supreme Court working at the DOJ
during the ten years of McCabe and Comey
and he was acting Solicitor General
thank you for being here thanks your
thoughts on whether the firing of Andrew
McCabe is normal or suspicious more than
suspicious I mean I think that it
demonstrates really Trump's contempt for
process and contempt for the rule of law
more generally I mean normally you have
a very intensive disciplined procedure
at the FBI it's a process that goes
through multiple layers and so on you
don't have a president truncating that
by putting his thumb on the scale at the
outset and saying here's what I want to
have happen mr. sessions right and it
was very publicly directed which goes to
the Clinton case yet again I want to
play for you what Acting FBI director
Andrew McCabe told the Senate last May
after commis dismissal I think morale
has always been good however we had
there were folks within our agency who
were frustrated with the outcome of the
Hillary Clinton case and and some of
those folks were very vocal about that
this concern
how does that look to you now oh I think
it looks you know we don't know exactly
what happened mr. mchabe did or didn't
do well that's a report and a discipline
process that we're waiting for unfold
the one thing we know is what Trump did
and he overall just kept on saying in
his Twitter account over and over again
things like we got to get rid of this
guy and the like and that is just
exactly the wrong way to go then you
have Jeff Sessions himself who very
publicly said he was recusing from all
this and then he said he would not be
involved in anything involving the
Clinton Foundation I am now decided to
recuse myself from any existing or
future investigations of any matter
relating in any way through the
campaigns for President of the United
States you intend to recuse yourself
from both the Clinton email
investigation any matters involving the
Clinton Foundation if there are any yes
any matters involving the Clinton
Foundation this was a firing over his
description of the Clinton Foundation
issue was this a violation of that
statement a hundred percent I cannot
possibly understand how the Attorney
General of the United States says he's
recused from the Clinton Foundation
investigation but then meets out
discipline to one of the investigators
in that investigation just nonsensical
the whole point of recusal is to avoid
any accusations that you're interfering
and obviously if you're firing someone
who's been one of the investigators
that's quintessentially being involved I
want to turn now to James Comey another
part of this special everyone can recall
in 2016 the press conference where he
said there would not be charges in the
Clinton case our judgment is that no
reasonable prosecutor would bring such a
case although the Department of Justice
makes final decisions on matters like
this we are expressing to justice our
view that no charges are appropriate in
this case that was highly unusual
normally the FBI director does not make
those kind of announcements I want to
show people for example when Bob Muller
was FBI director he would show up at
indictment announcements but always the
Attorney General at the podium announced
the charging decision you could see that
as well in 2001 and 2002 under Ashcroft
Muller in the background it was also the
case under whole
holder I should say you could see that
there the point in the pictures is the
same in the law it is not for the FBI
director to do that was call me wrong to
do that I think he was mr. Comey is a
legendary public figure public servant
he's done a lot of good but when he did
that he made a mistake apart from the
charging decision Comey made more
freelancing during that decision he
talked about his view of Hillary Clinton
there is evidence that they were
extremely careless in their handling of
very sensitive highly classified
information any reasonable person in
secretary Clinton's position should have
known that an unclassified system was no
place for that conversation did that
breach protocol and does that affect his
status as a witness today it certainly
breached protocol I mean there's a
reason why you don't have such
statements made and the Justice
Department only acts through indictments
when you decline a prosecution you don't
go and tar and feather someone who you
might have brought a case against and
say well you did some bad stuff because
that person has no real avenue for
recourse after all there is no criminal
case for them to defend themselves
anymore are you seeing echoes of that
today where Jeff Sessions says McCabe
was fired over Clinton Foundation media
contacts and then Trump goes on Twitter
and talks about him as a witness that's
the million dollar question and so far
these folks in the Trump administration
from the President on down had not built
any credibility with the American people
it's an ever-shifting story and one that
always looks at every turn
like they're just trying to protect
their own hides hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
