now to the other big news this morning
president taken off the gloves I was
unaware he ever had a pair on hiring
another legal attack dog to add to his
team at the same time his lawyers are
handing over documents in hopes that
will help shield the president from Bob
Butler's investigation I wanna bring my
panel who's been patiently waiting Mike
Pesce the host of the gist slates daily
podcast which I highly recommend evan
siegfried Republican strategist and a
Twitter aficionado and Matt Miller
former chief spokesman for the Justice
Department Matt to you first assess the
strategy that's being employed by Trump
and his legal team they're privately
handing over documents cooperating with
Robert Muller's team but publicly
trashing the investigations legitimacy
is President Trump trying to play ball
or her his lawyers and then publicly
he's crushing it in hopes of a political
win not just with his base but with GOP
leadership because he certainly doesn't
want them to protect Bob Muller you know
I think what you see is a little bit of
a split inside the president's legal
team and maybe a split between members
of the president's legal team and the
president himself it's been well
reported that Ty Cobb who's the in house
in the White House you know works in the
White House counsel's office in-house
attorney for the president has been
telling the president for months to
cooperate to turn over documents and
this probe would be finished by
Thanksgiving and then by Christmas and
of course those are dates that have come
and gone and you have other members of
the president's legal team who have
counseled a much more aggressive
approach and what I think we're seeing
now from the president is the president
turning to those advisors some probably
on his legal team and others you know
hosts on Fox News and upend cotton
personalities that show up on Fox News
who are counseling him to take a more
aggressive approach with the president
and I think you know we'll see what it
means that he hired this new attorney
Joe Jennifer who is a somewhat more
serious player than some of the other
people on the president's legal team but
also the plays kind of in the fringes on
the right has you know it's paused
conspiracy theories at times in the past
we're gonna see if that addition the
president's legal team means you know he
wants a more serious lawyer to deal with
a special counsel or whether he's now
taking his case to the public and not to
the broader public not trying to
convince a majority but just trying to
convince a majority of the Republican
Party that this this investigation is
inappropriate
should be discredited all right Evan
Washington Post is reporting that
Muller's team is focusing on the firing
of Mike Flynn and they said things fall
into two categories in Muller's mind
what did the president do and what was
he thinking when he did it what does
that tell you about where their head is
they're looking at obstruction of
justice potentially I think they want to
know why did the president ask Jim Comey
to drop an investigation into Mike Flynn
and Comey did not so he ended up getting
rid of Comey later on but getting rid of
Mike Flynn it they only got rid of him
because it came out that he had been
violating the rules on discussing things
with or he'd lied to the FBI now what
we're seeing with the president right
now is that he's retreating to sort of a
safe bubble and that's a dangerous trap
for any president the president rarely
leaves the White House and when he does
he goes to places where he knows he'll
get a warm reception and that empowers
him to say things and it's why when an
attorney like John Dowd who is a string
of unsuccessful representations of
people like Raj Raj Rajaratnam Fife
Symington Robert Reckmeyer when he's
saying it's time to leave the Trump or
he's thinking about leaving the Trump
legal team you know there's a problem
it's dysfunctional especially when you
add Joe des never did gen√®ve it a part
of me and who argued in 1997 in The Wall
Street Journal that it's actually good
if you indict a president and the
president should be indicted because no
one's above the law and it teaches a
valuable civics lesson now he's not
sticking to that I think it's so
interesting that you're saying he's
staying with in the White House inside
his echo chamber only speaking at
mar-a-lago it's as though it's sort of
the evil queen mirror mirror on the wall
approach and we know how that worked out
for the Queen and Snow White at
Washington Post is reporting that the
president is chomping at the bit yeah to
speak to Muller's team is that - exactly
Evans point because he's only speaking
to his own people who believe it these
are people who accept when President
Trump exaggerated or lies but maybe none
of whom realized if he lies to
investigators it's a crime yeah
his stimulus and response for Trump has
always been I go out I give an interview
and I always make things better for
myself maybe because his enablers tell
him good job
is giving an interview to the sort of
forums like Fox or Fox & Friends where
they tell them good jobs his lawyer know
that there's only exposure by letting
the guy blab to the prosecutors perjury
trap or non perjury trial trap you want
to put that out there
what lawyer would let their client go
and say go talk talk off the cuff
especially when there's evidence like
how he dealt with the McCabe firing tied
it to when he didn't have to this was
something that he wasn't connected to
until he connected to it himself or when
he told Lester Holt why he told why you
fired Comey
and he gave his motivations so in the
press he has hurt himself so many times
why would you let him talk to people
with the power to indict him like that
face that he's playing joke to to Matt's
point earlier is not the bigger CEO type
wealthy base that the president may have
acquired in the last year it's that
original fringe base we just showed an
image on the screen with the president
standing next to Steve Schwarzman the
co-founder of Blackstone there is no way
Steve Schwarzman would be saying to the
president dear mr. president sure bring
on that guy from Fox News and let it rip
but Matt does the president have a point
there was an article in the AP where it
has a quote from an outside Trump
advisor who says Trump believes if this
investigation goes on indefinitely it
will quote choke the life out of his
presidency there's a real point there so
isn't he damned if he does damned if he
doesn't know he's damned if he committed
a crime and this investigation will
choke the life out of his presidency if
he did something illegal and Bob Miller
finds it has evidence of it and is able
to you know either decide that he can
indict the president or can refer it
over to Congress for impeachment
proceedings if the president has nothing
to hide he should cooperate with the
investigation and as to this question of
whether he should sit down with Bob
Muller look I understand that the
president's counsel are going to have
legal equities in mine or to be advising
it from a legal perspective but he's not
just any client he's not a private
citizen he is the president of United
States the head of the executive branch
responsible for faithfully executing all
laws he has a different obligation than
a private citizen who just has an
obligation to look out for their own
personal interests he has an obligation
as the president United States to sit
down and cooperate with this
investigation and talk to Bob Muller and
his team taking the fifth is not not a
viable option for the Pres
the United States it's not something we
should we should allow our leaders to do
all right I want to ask about this new
lawyer Jody Genova he has slammed the
FBI and the Department of Justice and I
want to share part of what he told Fox
Business just a couple of weeks ago this
was a plot a brazen plot to exonerate
Hillary Clinton in the email server case
to make to ensure that she became
president and if by chance she lost part
of the plot was to frame Donald Trump
with a false crime this is the single
most important scandal of the last 50
years because senior DOJ and FBI
officials engaged in conduct that was
designed to corrupt an American
presidential election it wasn't the
Russians who corrupted the presidential
election it was the American officials
at the Department of Justice and the FBI
okay so let's just back this up he said
it wasn't the Russians we know the
intelligence agencies support that GOP
leadership supports that and Russians
have been indicted what does this tell
you about the direction the president is
going in
he clearly has hired someone who will
also agree with him that Ted Cruz's
father was known for shooting JFK was
willing to break the man the guys got
him up God well let's not attack people
with moustaches that I'm not at the
president's jam but this man is clearly
forgetting to wear his tinfoil hat he's
from the Alex Jones conspiracy school
right now he's accusing the Department
of Justice and the FBI of after the
election because of trying to rig it and
but they could have rigged it much more
easily beforehand this is just not
making sense to me it's not based in
logic it's going out and it's playing to
something that has been going on in the
very far-right fringes of there's this
deep State out to get everybody and now
we're seeing in polling that 70 some
percent of Americans believe there
actually is an unelected bureaucracy
secret society that is very troubling
because when you start unless you're Z
Bannon who would love for America to
think that and break down the system
Michael I would just say that those
statements seem crazy to us but it got
him hired didn't it
a hundred oh that is an excellent point
it got him hired but let's talk about
doubt for a moment because you would
think every top lawyer are loads of top
lawyers out there we want to represent
the President of the United States and
there was a lot of law firms who didn't
want to but now we've learned I want to
say it's a New York Times reporting the
Dowd has contemplated leaving his post
the kids case concluded that there is no
control over the behavior of the
president if you're a lawyer and the
your client can't trust you and refuses
to listen to you is that when you say I
can't put my name next to this person
it's not least when you put that idea
out there through the New York Times
which you know that Trump reads so he's
trying to do whatever he can to signal
to his client rein it in we have a
battle between the it'd and the
super-ego and the president's the it'd
well my late grandfather was a criminal
defense attorney and he had a client who
was sort of trump-like and he said to
the judge one day your honor it's not my
fault my client was an idiot and did
everything he shouldn't have done and
that's what Donald Trump is doing he's
lashing out at Bob Muller directly he's
now hiring a guy to attack Bob Muller he
thinks this is a PR war and when he goes
in and meets with Bob Muller he's just
gonna be able to charm his way out of it
Bob Muller and his legal team are the
legal dream team and John Dowd is not a
top lawyer nor or type Cobb the top
lawyers in the country don't want to
represent either the president because
they know he's uncontrollable and this
is a very complex case and they're up
against very tough opposition
alright gentlemen please stick around
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
