we got a lot to cover this morning but
we've got to start with more breaking
news this time out of southern rural
Maryland we're getting word out of a
town of great mills that a high school
there is now on lockdown after reports
of a shooting with multiple injuries the
Sheriff's Office tells us our affiliate
excuse me in Washington that an
investigation is underway and the ATF
says agents are headed to the school
NBC's Hallie Jackson is following this
Hallie what do you know this is not an
urban setting this is an area Roman art
of Maryland yeah exactly I do about an
hour outside of Washington DC where we
are right now Stephanie and the
information is still pretty spotty
coming in but let me share with you what
little we know about all of this I want
to read for you a statement now from the
school district that there has been a
shooting here obviously that the school
is on lockdown they say that the event
is quote contained that the sheriff's
office is on the scene and they're
promising additional information to
follow I will tell you that our local
affiliate our NBC News affiliate WRC is
reporting multiple injuries here and a
reminder that this is all happening
Stephanie just a few days before that
national March for our lives right here
in Washington apparently according to
some local news reporting that school
walkout that student walkout last week
great Mills students kids actually
participated in that so we are watching
to see what other information we can get
we have crews on the way to that scene
and we'll bring you the latest as we
know it but obviously this is something
that everybody here in Washington is
keeping an eye on is watching very
closely we're waiting to see the extent
of those injuries as police are trying
to figure out what exactly happened here
who was involved again the event
contained is what we're told but but it
is not clear what that means if that
means that the suspected shooter has
been captured is now in custody so we
are continuing to follow some of that
information for you stuff yeah I mean
we've got to get more details it's only
a nine o'clock in the morning now so
this has a young as kids were making
their way into school as the day was
getting started and at a time like that
it's pretty chaotic in the hallways not
everybody is settled in their classroom
these are still pictures right now as we
said a Maryland high school is now on
lockdown after a shooting and to Holly's
point think about this March for our
lives is taking place
this Saturday and it's not just going to
be in Washington we're gonna see these
marches around the country I mean it's
stunning Holly I want to bring in Jim
Cavanaugh retired ATF special agent in
charge
he's also an MSNBC terrorism analyst Jim
you're obviously digesting this news
real-time what do you think of this
sounds like st. Mary's deputies might
have the shooter locked down somewhere
in the building
they might have you know pressed him to
a corner they may know he's alone that's
possibly what they mean by contained of
course it could mean a number of things
they could mean they just have it in one
building he could be dead but you know
the protocol is to press the contact
press to contact so the first deputies
have to press and press and press until
they make contact with the shooter and
then you know events transpire from
there there can be a shootout there can
be the shooter retreat to another room
and then you can contain them when you
have a barricaded gunman alone then you
change to a static situation you get
swapped there wait say that again
contact is what you press to contact you
try to engage the shooter to stop them
from active killing and then if you can
get the shooter barricaded in a room
alone or even with hostages that's when
you call for SWAT unless there's active
shooting then you don't move if he's
alone in a room for example gymnasium
they would have them contained alone you
would call SWAT negotiators and work it
from there this scene we're looking at
live pictures right now from outside the
school you can see police and
authorities are there you don't see
students outside so I'm guessing at this
point the students must still be in the
building
