Bob Miller is not only subpoenaing the
Trump Organization he also turned heads
by requesting internal documents from
the Trump campaigns digital firm
Cambridge analytic Oh tonight we have
new original reporting on a problem
hitting Cambridge and potentially the
Trump campaign this breaking news is a
new undercover sting video that actually
exposes top leaders for Cambridge people
who advise the Trump campaign and who
spoke to the House Russia probe
admitting to their approach to dirty
tricks and getting lies and
misinformation to go viral than the
video you're about to see is fairly
politically shocking it was obtained
undercover by our partner ITN Channel 4
News in the UK and in the rare irony of
a dirty trickster talking about using
video to catch people here is that Trump
adviser Nick's caught on video talking
about how to use video to catch other
people what we want to know is what is
the expertise of the deep thinking that
you can do to make sure that the people
know the true identity and secrets of
these people can be just together speak
to the incumbents and
on YouTube or something like this for
example using when you are using the
girls to introduce to the mini to the
local and you're using the girls to this
here that Trump consultant there saying
everything recorded on camera and that
it works very well keep that in mind as
I read you his denial which insists they
don't use entrapment brides or so-called
honey traps for any purpose and they
don't use untrue material these reports
are causing an immediate firestorm
Facebook saying Cambridge did basically
not use the platform effectively that it
was inappropriately sharing information
and now they're suspended from there
also members of our own Congress calling
now on Google Facebook and Twitter to
come back and deal with all of this and
that's not all more undercover video
which I'm about to show you has
Cambridge touting an approach to their
digital campaigning that echoes some of
the boasts we've heard from Trump allies
that facts don't have to matter and it's
more effective to use alternative facts
to fundamental human drivers when it
comes to taking information on board
effectively our hopes and fears and many
of those are unspoken and even
unconscious you didn't know that was a
fear until you saw something that just
evoked that reaction from you very and
our job is to get this to drop the
bucket further down the world than
anybody else to understand what others
really deep-seated underlying fears
concerns there is no good fighting an
election campaign all the facts because
actually it's all about emotion
Cambridge was paid over six million
dollars as a digital consultant for
Trump leaked emails show they also
discussed contacting WikiLeaks with
Trump mega donor Rebecca Mercer her
father has a ten million dollar stake in
that firm Steve Bannon also on their
board
Cambridge hired in June of 2016 by Jared
Kushner
and the man who's at the helm of trumps
reelection campaign Brad parse kale I'm
joined now by Democratic congressman
Mike Quigley who's a member of the House
Intelligence Committee do you see
anything
in these videos is that a trick question
look this is why you don't shut down the
investigation we have seen revelations
since the committee shut down the
Republicans shut down our work that make
you wonder what happened and why clearly
the work that we've seen done by these
investigative reporters makes me wish
that we had the CEO of Cambridge analyst
right back with us because if any of
this is true he was not truthful to us
you're saying when you discussed issues
around the campaign with him you think
he was what misleading about this kind
of stuff what I'm suggesting is that
this reporting is accurate and what
we're finding out about Cambridge using
information they got from Facebook
through perhaps illegal methods that is
an attic that is the opposite of what we
are hearing from Alexander Nicks do you
think do you think the congressman
Nick's and Facebook leadership including
potentially Mark Zuckerberg should
testify
I think mr. Nick's needs to come back
and tell us the whole truth I think all
the social media platforms need to come
back the public is well aware of the
Russian government's weaponization of
social media there's a lot more work
they have to inform us on but we need to
ask Facebook for example how did this
happen
where this Russian connected research
person was able to get all this
information why didn't they tell us how
was he able to obtain the information of
millions of Americans and how did the
Trump campaign use this this
weaponization to help sway the election
Congressman Mike Quigley I was told you
have a what they call a heart out in
this business which means you're off to
work more so thank you for joining me
here on the beat I turned to Anne gearan
White House correspondent for the
Washington Post who has had a close eye
on many of these stories I want to play
for you Alexander Knicks responding to
the last time he was in hot water which
was again all their foreign dealings
with the Trump campaign and their
outreach to WikiLeaks I
ask my office to to reach out to
actually was a speaking agency that
represents Julian Assange and to ask if
he might share that information with us
we received a message back from them
that he didn't want to what wasn't able
to a lot of intrigue here do you think
this should matter to Americans well
absolutely I mean in in that undercover
video it I mean it runs the gamut of
political intrigue right you have honey
pots girls being sent to candidates
homes bribery and slander on the
internet I mean this is this was not an
election involving Americans but if the
same tactics were in any way applied if
the same theory of how to disrupt an
election was in any way applied to the
American election people should be
concerned and that should be a subject
of investigation and there is a sort of
a whistleblower speaking out who's
talked some some about this Christopher
Wiley was talking about the role of a
Steve ban in here what did Steve Bannon
want Steve wanted weapons for his
culture work we offered him a way to
accomplish what he wanted to do which
was which was changed the culture of
America the most benign view of all of
this is that you've got people
overhyping and overselling and who knows
whether they can deliver a kind of a
Madison Avenue defense the alternative
and more negative view is you have a
campaign that's literally under criminal
investigation for how it campaigned and
now you have these international leaks
of the type of people they were doing
business with right and on the benign
side right this you heard they're the
the CEO sort of explaining what they
think motivates voters it's fear it's
emotion and they will work to try to
manipulate that there are ways to do
that legally it may be unethical it may
be icky it may make your skin crawl as a
voter but it's not illegal and then
there are lots of things that would
suggest that
the company at least considered traffic
in trafficking and illegality that's a
different matter altogether
what ban and and Bannon is a is a an
interesting figure in the middle here
right I mean we know as as the
whistleblower says he does he wants a
culture work he has said as much and he
saw the the 2016 election as a way to
stir that pot hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
