it was a week of high-profile firings in
Washington it was another one of those
wild ones at the White House speculation
about who the president would dismiss
next sacking Rex Tillerson the 11th hour
firing a former deputy FBI director
Andrew McCabe just hours away from being
able to retire with his full pension the
cave says this is all part of the Trump
administration's war on the FBI
President Trump tweeting quote a great
day for democracy it was a horrible day
for democracy I don't like the way it
happened our intelligence agencies have
become politicized I think we got to see
that inspector general's report the
timing could only be answered by the
Attorney General who's always gonna be a
lot of turmoil market the special
counsels job may be in danger do you
think that the president is laying the
groundwork to fire Muller the first time
he was going after Muller by name the
quote the Muller probe should never have
been started his lawyer called for
Muller probe to shut down I don't think
that the president anybody right now in
our White House is suggesting not
cooperate in any way with the Muller
investigation
don't go there we have confidence in
Muller if you have an innocent client mr
dout act like it i don't think the
president will fire Robert Muller
they're not going to fire Robert Muller
if the president reaches out and stops
this investigation that is a
constitutional crisis this would
undoubtedly result in a constitutional
crisis I think it will be a true
constitutional crisis
welcome to the second hour of KCDC where
our panel who is back for another round
is wondering what Mary Pat Christie
thinks of Chris Christie's wardrobe
selection this morning NBC News White
House correspondent Jeff Bennett is back
and also with me our politics editor for
The Daily Beast Sam Stein national
political reporter for Axios Jonathan
Swan and congressional reporter for
Politico Ilana Shore also joining us
from New York is former FBI special
agent and MSNBC national security
analyst Clint Watts thank you all for
being here tonight Clint I want to start
with you and and and kind of a broad I
asked Pete Williams this question as
well and you having worked inside the
agency all of the events of the last
couple of days how significant a moment
in history is this for the FBI how are
people inside reacting to this is it
viewed as something that is surmountable
that the institution will you know
absorb and and move forward with or is
it something that that people are
worried could fundamentally change the
way the country relates to the agency
and trusts it I think it's both I mean I
think for the FBI in itself it is really
battened down the hatches they've
watched their director and their deputy
director now be fired both have been
related to incidents in 2016 it's always
opaque not clear exactly as to why this
happened and so I imagine the agents
have more resolved you know they're
going to do their job very thoroughly
and they're gonna watch it very closely
and I really think it's about protecting
the institution and making sure they're
following the letter of the law around
the country though this really has
damage on the FBI in terms of how they
protect Americans I mean imagine if you
are someone who is just very loyal to
the president one of his voters and all
you hear over the last year is how
everyone is corrupt the FBI can't be
trusted it's a broken organization this
just really damages all relationships
with the public and it makes it harder
to build informants or to go talk to
witnesses or to to lead cases so I find
it interesting that the president takes
it stamps to how he's going to be tough
on crime but he then makes it tougher
for the crime
fighters actually be tough on crime so I
really think it's a double-edged sword
but in some ways it can't help the FBI
particularly if they just pursue this
case aggressively in terms of Russian
interference
many of the both Republican and
Democratic politicians that have been on
in the course the last 24 hours asked
about whether they think that McCabe was
fired for cause or if as he says it was
just political where do you come down on
that I mean this was an investigation
that was in the Office of Inspector
General at the FBI we haven't seen that
report I mean do you think that there is
a story here that that is different from
the one that McCabe has put out I
honestly have no idea until I see the
report it's hard to judge I would say
that within the FBI for OPR to make a
recommendation of a firing and around
candor would be a very serious offense
however it would have to be I think very
extreme to justify the firing two days
before retirement of the Deputy Director
of the FBI the first time the deputy
director has ever been fired I think it
would have to be a gross violation and
with that the timing and the pressure
that we've seen from the president he is
repeatedly he forecast this months ago
you know I hope McCabe makes it to
retirement he said this so that really
looks like it was a hit job on McCabe in
particular but until we see that report
we really have no idea where this falls
and I'm I really don't understand why
the Attorney General who would take this
move which was obviously going to blow
up in the news would not put that report
out or make sure it got there yet he
rushed to do the firing I think this
could really blow up in the Attorney
General's face if it's not what he says
it is Sam Stein isn't the argument that
jeff sessions mccabe went so that jeff
sessions could stay in his job I suppose
that's the argument there's many twists
and turns here for instance being fired
for a lack of candor which is the
official reason here Jeff sessions was
less than candid in his hearing for
confirmation as exposed by Frank and
Donald Trump has notoriously been very
loose with the truth I mean we're
talking about like his older
maybe may not be the best and biggest
offender here that being said I mean we
do have to wait for the reporter this
was not handled by DOJ hacks this was
handled by people who are careerists in
the OPR is the acronym that yes watch
use the Office of Professional
Responsibility and there's no indication
that they were there to oversee a
political vendetta even though that is
the context in which we have to consider
this and then secondarily the context of
Trump weighing in here is Andrew McCabe
is going to be potentially a critical
witness against Donald Trump if they
gets that point what Donald Trump has
essentially done as a spoiled him as a
witness all the all yes to say is
weren't you fired for a lack of candor
mccabe has to say yes and suddenly his
credibility is diminished not totally
lost but diminished a lot of sure you
had spoken with McCabe in the course of
reporting on this how do you view him I
mean there's some FinCEN back-and-forth
just how political of an actor is he and
and what is the strategy for him going
forward with these memos well I think
it's fair to describe McCabe as in his
own words personally devastated by
what's been going on which if we
remember predates this election even on
the campaign trail Donald Trump had
issues with Andrew McCabe stemming from
his wife accepting this money so McCabe
has been very stressed and McCabe is
still working out his next steps House
Democrats are offering him a job he
might take that he might write a book he
might even pursue legal action
it doesn't really appear that he knows
and one thing to remember about McCabe
state of mind right now when I talked to
him he didn't allege any direct
influence by the president
he's more saying like look see this in
the broader context look at the timing
why was I fired without the IG report
being out in the public eye it's just
not usual yeah White House press
secretary Sarah Sanders used the phrase
bad actor a couple of different times
during her briefing on Thursday and it
would appear that Vladimir Putin gets to
decide if he is won or not but mccabe
did not
and in simple terms it's Putin a friend
or a foe of the United States I think
that's something that Russia is gonna
have to make that determination they're
gonna have to decide whether or not they
want to be a good actor or a bad actor
this is the president feeling Justice
Department should act by Sunday's fire
Andrew McCain that's a determination
that we would leave up to attorney
general sessions but we do think that it
is well documented that he has had some
very troubling behavior and by most
accounts of bad actor Jeff Bennett this
seems like another yet another example
where the White House has given an
opportunity to talk about you know what
many members of Congress will describe
as an enemy of the United States and yet
they are instead focused on people that
have worked for the United States
government yeah here's well and and look
there there are some there people around
Sarah Sanders who said who say before
she walks into that briefing room every
day she sits with the President and is
told more or less what you know he wants
to hear so every time she gives answers
like that I'm always wondering to myself
how much of how much of that is directly
coming from the principal himself but
look for all the the president's attacks
on McCabe I mean it certainly cleared
that the president's patience with the
overall Russia investigation is running
out in part because his own legal team
told him that this entire thing would be
wrapped up by the end of 2017
certainly that hasn't happened and so
we've seen this you know dramatic shift
away from what had been at least a
public strategy to at least you know
give the impression that they were
cooperating with the special counsel
fast forward to what the president has
said today that it should have happened
the investigation should never have
started and Jonathan Swan how much of
this I mean John Dowd's statement he
seemed to you know come out and and and
put on the table the firing of Muller in
a way that we hadn't seen the legal team
do he had sort of been in many ways
Mahler's made defender in the White
House and then he sort of walks it back
today and kind of saying oh it's just
but a little bit of a joke what what
explains that I mean is it the legal
team jockeying for Trump's favor
what's Hodge know and the reason I was
checking my phone was there is a
statement literally just out in the last
must be five ten minutes from White
House lawyer Ty Cobb in which he says in
response to media speculation and
related questions the White House yet
again confirms the president is not
considering or discussing the firing of
Special Counsel Robert Moore so you have
one lawyer coming out on Saturday
morning and basically firing a shot I
mean there's no other way to read it it
was aggressive saying stalking on behalf
the present then he walks it back then
the president turns the heat back up and
then you have Ty Cobb coming out so I
don't have any on this particular
question any inside knowledge what's
happening there but just on its face in
the public square they're all giving us
different stories every few out there is
one distinction though in that dad
represents Donald Trump the man that is
outside personal attorney Ty Cobb
represents the office of the presidency
he's a government paid lawyer so they
have different motivations for the
things that they hate that they say
which could explain the the discrepancy
here well in one test Sam Stein that I
was sort of watching for this morning
was well first of all we're Republican
leaders going to come out and say
anything about this Mitch McConnell so
far has said nothing Paul Ryan for that
Paul Ryan spokeswoman Ashley strong put
out a brief statement saying that the
speaker supports Mahler's ability to do
his job and I was pointed to the fact
that most Republicans who were on TV
this morning in fact did say yeah that
Muller needs space to do his job so it
was yes that's true and by and large was
the usual suspects who have said that in
the past the jeff flakes lindsey
graham's the world the one interesting
person this morning i thought was trey
Gowdy who is no one's I mean he's a
conservative hero in some respects when
it comes to a judicial a gauzy probe
correct
and he basically if you read between the
lines was saying to John Dowd and the
White House
don't act so guilty because it doesn't
look good and to me that was important
it was a signal that may be sort of a
brush back to the administration and
listen I think I think it's pretty clear
Trump is sending out doubt to a certain
degree but also putting out these
streets to see what kind of response he
can get when especially among the GOP
leadership he wants to know if he can
get away with this type of stuff and so
these are trial balloons and I think
today Garrity more than anyone else may
have puncture one of those I just
wouldn't rule out the fact that John
Dowd emailing with the daily based on
Saturday morning in purple Comic Sans
quoting Tennessee worms it
not have been part of a throwback to AOL
Instant Messenger days what do you
what's next in in Congress do you think
I've been talking to sources about
whether or not there's any chance that
somehow you know there might be a smoke
signal sent from one of the committee's
that's potentially dealing with this
legislation that could potentially
protect Muller what do you what are you
hearing I think it's important to
remember when it comes to the Miller
protection legislation that Republicans
want nothing to do with this frankly
even their their Inklings on the hill
but Republican co-sponsors might want to
stop taking meetings on this because
frankly at a time when as Jonathan said
the president's lawyer is saying there's
no plans
Republicans would prefer to just say no
this is Donald Trump blowing off steam
we do not need to devote Senate floor
time to this but what I am watching is
the possibility of a Senate Judiciary
Committee hearing on McCabe yeah which
is very live right now Chuck Grassley
hasn't ruled it out and that would keep
this in the news that would stress out
the president and it could get people
like Lindsey Graham or reform to align
with Democrats igano be bad news it's
not just that Republicans don't want to
be part of the legislation to inoculate
Muller Democrats are having a hard time
getting them to even talk about it and
they are actively moving away from it
there is real concern among Senate
Democrats and aides that I talked to
that they have just abandoned the
principle that Muller needs inoculation
and they are putting it behind this idea
that of course Trump would never across
that red line and why is it why is that
anything I have no idea and neither do
they they I mean obviously there is
pressure from the base that you don't
want to be associated with anything that
is against the president and certainly
to degree what claire was talking about
was he's made these entities toxic in a
way that we aren't accustomed to and so
you don't want to be seen as
differential to them that being said
this is like this you know this is
bare-bones legislation this isn't like
this is just protecting the special
councils office it's not anything
further than then so there's been a bit
of surprise among my sources on the hill
over how skittish Republicans are about
this yeah Clint watts can I get get you
to weigh in
on this I mean what in your view from
the perspective that you have in law
enforcement how important would
legislation are attempts to protect
Muller be yeah I think for the politics
of it it could go either way you protect
Muller and then you know the president
tries to fire them and it looks like
okay the Democrats are protecting but at
the same point the Democrats at this
point may say hey if he fires Muller
just proves our point you know this guy
is out of control and you know he's
trying to suppress the investigation
ultimately I think firing director
Muller would be catastrophic for the
Trump team and I think that was Lindsey
Graham had mentioned that before
director Muller I was even shocked that
he essentially was negotiating questions
with the the Trump legal team I'm
surprised by that and it may be just a
strategy they're using hey here are some
questions for you to look at and
consider but you really don't know what
they're gonna ask until they get in the
room that day and it's what it's also
interesting if you could use a strategy
here so here's some questions to
consider and what do we see the
president doing this morning tweeting
like crazy you know getting really
stirred up and that could be part of an
obstruction investigation since that
you're sending in questions you're
watching how the target reacts and then
you say okay he's acting pretty crazy
what did he cough up in terms of
evidence there so it's really
fascinating this chess game that's going
back and forth and I'm not sure the
president's done himself any favors
since he started this over a year ago by
firing director Comey it's going to be
fascinating to watch in the spring and
summer this year it's almost a year ago
I think although yes almost my sense of
time has been completely destroyed by
the first year the trump presidency it's
Tuesday right me neither
so Andrew McCabe's firing came just
hours before his retirement on his 50th
birthday and it's jeopardizing his
ability to receive his full pension
benefits McCabe now has received job
offers from a number of lawmakers in an
effort to restore that eligibility
including Wisconsin Democratic
congressman mark Pocan
who extended his offer on Twitter
writing quote Andrew call me I could use
a good 2-day report on the biggest crime
fan
in Washington DC and the congressman
joins me now from Madison Wisconsin
congressman thanks for coming on tonight
I really appreciate it I threw your
decision-making here and explained I
mean there might there could conceivably
be people who would see this as hey
you're not actually hiring him paying
him to do real work what is the offer
that you're putting on the table sure we
actually put a legitimate offer beyond
the tweet which is we have some very
nonpartisan work around election
integrity the bottom line is I think
people are just tired of the way this
president operates whether it be when he
tweets like a petulant manchild or when
he's a ruthless demagogue like he is
here you know to fire someone literally
a couple days before their retirement
that's attacking a person in their
family their pension and people are just
so tired of that this president lacks
human the human qualities of compassion
and everything that we expect to have in
a president and he doesn't do it so all
I'm trying to do is say look I don't
care if he comes work for me or anyone
but we should make sure that he has his
pension at minimum and that what the
president did was just wrong have you
gotten any response back yet
from mr. McCabe you don't believe it or
not it's really hard to get someone high
up in the FBI's phone number so we're
hoping on Monday since mine is very
public
we might get a call we know they're
aware of the offer and I think some
other people have made offers to again
bottom line is I just think human
decency makes sure that this person gets
a pension you can't operate like a bad
mafioso movie and threaten to take out
someone's family and that's what the
president did he's trying to send a
signal to other law enforcement if you
cooperate with us Muller investigation I
will crush you and that just isn't
presidential congressman mark Pocan
thank you very much for time tonight I
really appreciate it absolutely thank
you Ilana Shore also Jeff Bennett Clint
Watts thank you all so much for coming
on on this Sunday night really
appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
