joining me now onset Democratic Senator
Chris Van Hollen of Maryland senator
thank you so much for being with us
tonight
in this case we have quite a bit to talk
about in a slightly broader lens and
Richard was focused on a pretty
remarkable story in Syria but I want to
talk to you about Russian influence in
our elections and of course what is
happening here at home the events of
this weekend the president tweeting at
Bob Muller by name for the first time do
you think that this is a significant
turning point and have you and your
colleagues to discuss trying to take
more dramatic action to protect Muller
in the wake of these tweets I think it's
a very dangerous sign as you said this
is the first time the president's gone
after Muller by name it comes on the
heels of reporting that the Muller team
has subpoenaed documents from Trump
enterprises it sounds like the White
House and Trump is getting very very
paranoid about what's going on and as
many have said today if you're not
really worried if you've got nothing to
hide why are you getting so upset about
this right if you've got nothing to fear
you should have nothing to complain
about but yet the president is acting
very guilty do you think that mccabe was
fired for political reasons he's
essentially saying this is all political
or do you think there could be a
justifiable cause for him to have been
removed from his post well I think it
comes in a very political context we
won't know the facts until we get the
full IG report but here's what we know
we know the president I had States for
months targeted the number two person in
the FBI someone who served for 21 years
and the president demanded that he be
fired and then we have the attorney
general who the president's also
threatened the fire fire McCabe and then
you have all these tweets by the
president I states you don't that is not
the normal behavior in a democracy and
that is the kind of behavior you see in
an authoritarian regime and Putin Putin
just won re-election surprise surprise
that's the kind of thing you would
expect to see from a Russian dictator
not a United States president speaking
of Putin you are working with some of
your colleagues on measures to try and
avoid Russian meddling again in the 2018
elections what do you what do you think
that the country should be doing at this
stage and is the president doing
remotely enough so the president is
doing virtually nothing right he finally
ordered some sanctions on some Russian
oligarchs but only after Congress
overwhelmingly passed legislation saying
he had to do it and when they finally
did it
they put sanctions on people who had
already been sanctioned by President
Obama or already indicted by Muller
he has said that he has not ordered the
head of NSA to take steps to try to
prevent meddling the State Department
has been allocated tens of millions of
dollars to come up with a plan to
prevent Russian meddling they haven't
spent one penny so the president's done
nothing senator Rubio and I have
introduced legislation to try to prevent
to deter interference in our next
election and every one of the
president's own intelligence heads has
said be prepared because they're going
to do it so it's very simple we would
say within 30 days of the election the
Director of National Intelligence
reports to Congress have the Russians
interfered or have they not if they've
interfered they cross a tripwire and
automatic non-waivable tough sanctions
go into place not against some oligarchs
against the Russian oil sector the
banking sector so if your Putin and
you've just been reelected you're
thinking of interfering in the u.s.
elections you will know if you get
caught this time you will pay a very big
penalty assuming the president United
States of course believes our
intelligence community assessments okay
the one so I want to switch gears with
you a little bit because we have not
even tonight touched on another huge
story this week which is the special
election in Pennsylvania and what you
know that the signals that that sends
you have actually what everyone thought
was gonna be a really tough job this
year defending a lot of red seats as the
chairman of the DSCC
your what was your top takeaway from the
lessons out of Pennsylvania 18 Connor
Lam ran against the establishment he ran
against Nancy Pelosi what does that mean
for protecting seats in red states for
you but what he also ran on
key bread and butter or cushioned
kitchen table issues he said that the
Paul Ryan Republican budget is going to
cut your Medicare they're gonna threaten
your Social Security Republicans tried
to play up the big tax cut but the
people of Pennsylvania recognized that
the tax cut went overwhelmingly to big
corporations and that they were going to
have to pay the price at the end of the
day whether it's cuts to Medicare or
whatever it may be so that did not work
when the Republican side and so you had
you had our candidate winning a
congressional seat that Trump won by 20
points despite the fact that Trump came
and campaigned against him Trump's
actually Oh 4-2 in campaigns where he
actually showed up
one is Pennsylvania and then he showed
up on the on the Florida Alabama border
trying to defeat Doug Jones very close
very close win is a win and over to
Trump I mean when he shows up he
obviously is not as persuasive as he
thinks he is and who are you most
concerned about of your incumbents Joe
Manchin
Heidi Heitkamp I worry about all of them
but I also know that they're all
fighting really hard and they're they're
great incumbents who have fought for
their states we look at the the folks in
the states that Donald Trump won I mean
just like you would look at Pennsylvania
18 but in a lot of these states that
Trump won we've got candidates we got
incumbents who are standing up every day
for their constituents and they always
take the position that if Trump wants to
do something good for their state don't
work with them but if he's gonna
undermine something important to their
state if there's gonna undermine
Medicare they'll fight him we also have
pickup opportunities in Nevada in
Arizona in Tennessee we've got a big
race going on obviously in Texas and we
have candidates and all these other
races so look you see a lot of momentum
out there but you also have many more
months to go to we forget to auction day
I was almost want to ask you it is
Democrats taking back the Senate more or
less likely than UMBC winning the entire
thing do you have to be one of the only
people in America that has selected them
to win the championship so I'm not gonna
make any predictions on the Senate right
now
I did have UMBC going oh yeah there it
is I mean I'm amazed is this do so what
did you know that the rest of us didn't
know it's just the hometown schooler I'm
a loyal Marylander but I've been there
many times and they have a great school
spirit and in this case you know freedom
in her brows Q's the president of that
of UMBC has done a great job you know
putting them on the of the national
radar on academics
he's obviously getting a lot of
attention right now now they have a game
tonight against Kansas State so I've
been tweeting already at the senators
from Kansas asking if they're ready for
the retrievers they're gonna take the
Wildcats today nobody here though
changed the channel although we can
report I believe that UNC has now lost
to Texas A&M so well Mark Warner owes me
not just a but a case of beer for
winning in that bracket yeah that around
senator chris van hollen thank you so
much for your time tonight I really
appreciate that beer hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
