mounting questions about whether a
potential witness was yes physically
threatened in order to create a contract
to keep her silence this is a big and
unusual story and the development is
coming and of course the stormy Daniels
case her lawyer saying she was
physically threatened to stay silent
about an alleged relationship with
Donald Trump was she threatened in any
way yes
was she threatened physical harm yes can
you tell us whether it came from the
president directly the physical threats
I'm not going to answer them will you
deny that the president of United States
threatened your client I will not
confirm or deny that is unusual news
that broke as you saw right on the set
of Morning Joe today and it ricocheted
quickly to the White House where
reporters asked about it and the White
House denies Trump had any relationship
and they also address the allegations we
take the safety and security of any
person seriously certainly would condemn
it anyone threatening any individual but
I have no knowledge of that situation
and would refer you to the president's
outside personal attorney to be clear
that is the right answer of course
condemning even the prospect of that
kind of threat and violence and I also
want to tell you we don't have any more
details here about what stormy Daniels
lawyers alleging or who he's even
alleging it about now we can report that
Donald Trump does have a history of
working with people and maintaining them
on staff even after there are public
accounts of both verbal and physical
threats his longtime lawyer Michael
Cohen who is at the center of this deal
with stormy Daniels was known to carry a
pistol which is his right but he also
told reporters in 2011 his role is to
fix any problem if you do something
wrong I'm going to come at you grab you
by the neck note the imagery and I'm not
going to let you go until I'm finished
now those are his words and you can put
those to the side if you want as
aggressive lawyer in which I will tell
you sometimes does
and especially in the passionate heat of
rhetorical debates but I want to show
you more look at actions from a
different Trump associate his longtime
bodyguard keith's Schiller now he left
the White House in September but he
remains on the rnc payroll you can see
his interaction right there with a
credentialed journalist he was removing
or hey Ramos from a very famous press
conference Schiller also punched a
protester outside of Trump Tower
I'm joined by Maya Wiley former counsel
to the mayor of New York City Liz
playing from Vox media who's covered
these stories a lot and also by Attorney
Nancy Erica Smith as she represented
gretchen carlson in the sexual
harassment lawsuit against Fox News CEO
Roger Ailes welcome to each of you this
is an unusual story to be covering and
as you know it's important in the
journalistic side to be clear that it is
an explosive allegation but as I say not
one with a ton of detail on it and I
want to be fair about that but Maya what
do you make first illegaly of this
lawyer going into what we expect to be a
very controversial 60 minutes interview
in the future making this allegation I
was surprised by it quite frankly and
one reason is because legally speaking
since they are litigating over the
question of whether or not the temporary
restraining order around the
non-disclosure agreement was was
appropriately issued by an arbitrator
normally you would use a claim of
physical force or coercion or duress as
one of the things you would state would
give you the right to actually null and
void the agreement so that was 10 days
ago that they went into LA Superior
Court and so it's interesting and kind
of confusing that we're just hearing
this today so let's get right to it
because we we chop it up we're gonna
open with some legal skepticism Nancy I
had a similar thought which is the
current claim from this same lawyer for
voiding the contract is a missing
signature and a vague claim of
unconscionability which lawyers know you
kind of can throw in anything if they
had this physical duress claim wouldn't
it be in as Maya says in the papers you
would think so but we haven't really
seen the restraining order so we don't
know what he's been restrained about and
he was very circumspect in what he said
and he was answering a question he
wasn't putting he didn't put it out
there he was answering a question so you
know it's hard to tell what's going on
when we have secret corporate courts in
this country where you have arbitrations
where something this important to our
whole nation is taking place and see you
think this is too
to be kept out of court absolutely let
me show an exchange from another one of
our friends of the show talented
journalist Shelby Holliday who pushed
Michael avenatti the same lawyer on this
kind of similar line of questioning
earlier in the show about why she signed
why did she sign this agreement in the
first place if she wanted to tell her
story well I think she's going to
disclose that in fact I'm highly
confident that if this interview is
aired at some point in time that answer
will be given or saying in the 60
Minutes interview she is going to reveal
details as to why she took the money at
the time and a logical reason for why
she wants to undo that
I'm not going to state exactly what's in
the I'm going to say is is that that
issue I'm confident will be touched upon
how about okay too many lawyers but it
seems when we connect all these dots
that he is moving forward and he's
obviously doing this in the public forum
revealing a little bits and bits more
what he was previewing there and what he
made official today is this other
argument that apparently we're gonna get
a lot of detail on in 60 minutes right
and you know Donald Trump criticized the
media and so there's a risk in putting
all of this and and and letting the
media sort of litigate this instead of
the the courts because he can just say
it's fake news right but but I still
think this is an important story it's
the first time that you know there's a
story that involves a woman and Donald
Trump in the post me two era right where
men can't necessarily buy off women
silence and powerful men you know who
were friends with Donald Trump like Bill
O'Reilly and Roger Ailes you know buying
off the silence of women and now we are
listening to what women say and and and
and you know what's what you're kind of
wondering what does stormy Daniels know
that Donald Trump doesn't want us to
know well in Nancy I wonder if you could
broaden this out for us in terms of
where the legal fight and women's
advocates and feminism figures in
because what we're hearing a lot about
you know people talk about receipts
we're hearing a lot a lot about what I
think is so important which is legal
receipts whether it's at the Oscars and
we're talking about the inclusion rider
or your client gretchen carlson talking
about these ndas
why do you think women's advocates now
are in this place talking about these
legal details and how to fix them well
we're in this place now because I've
been a lawyer for 38 years and we
haven't made a dent in sexual harassment
until we had journalism reveal these
secret deals and the women don't you
want maybe you and letsplay need to
pound I don't know yes we my clients
don't want them but they've been
sexually harassed they're hoping to keep
their jobs they learn early on once we
complain that they're not going to keep
their jobs maybe they're not going to
keep their careers and then they're told
to shut up about it
we're tired of that and the light of day
is what is changing it this is a
critically important point I couldn't
agree more
the the concern I want to raise is
actually 19 women did complain in fact
their complaints and many of those
complaints in New York would be a Class
A misdemeanor of forcible touching and
this well before stormy Daniels they
have been trying to raise attention to
this issue for months now including as
recently as December and there's a
connection though right because those
women were also threatened with
litigation by Donald Trump they were
told in public I'll sue you to prove I'm
right I think some Trump voters may have
believed that and they may have been
wrong this is still being litigated but
that sounded tough let me play and then
I want your response my this was how
Donald Trump worded that on the campaign
trail every woman who lied when they
came forward to hurt my campaign total
fabrication
the events never happened never all of
these Liars will be sued after the
election is over well and as we know
summer servos has sued Donald Trump for
defamation look 19 women 19 some of
those were teens in a beauty pageant
that he were literally walked in to
watch them changing their clothes and
then told them not to worry about at
least allegedly right and so I think the
point is if anyone else in this country
had that number of complaints against
them we would all be pointing to the
number of complaints as as a strong
indication that there's some very
problematic behavior there this is a man
who's admitting this behavior he
admitted the Miss Universe peeking in on
young girls and he admitted grabbing
women who don't want to be grabbed
multiple times actually wasn't once not
just the Access Hollywood so why are we
believing the women mm-hmm let's
continue the conversation I want to add
in some voices from Washington Jonathan
Kaye part of course part of the Pulitzer
Prize winning team at the Washington
Post as well as nbcnews.com contributor
Howard Fineman and the panel stays
Jonathan your view of the import of this
story in Washington it's very important
I think in the sort of whirlwind
hurricane that is the Trump
administration it's amazing that the
original story stormy Daniels story
didn't even in some major newspapers
didn't even make the front page as it
was like buried on like a 5 a 17 but I
think what's happening here is there's a
lot of anticipation building up to this
stormy Daniels interview that she taped
with 60 minutes a believe it was last
week it's due to come out in and another
week from now and what her her attorney
is doing I think you talked about this a
moment ago is teasing out what could
possibly come out from that interview
and I think in Washington a city that at
this point I think people are like well
what what could you possibly tell me
that is going to shock me a year and a
few months into the Trump administration
we
would be looking at a situation where
what stormy daniel says in that sixty
minutes interview could either change
the entire narrative and conversation or
it could just be one more drop in like
an oversized bucket of of controversy
yeah a large a large bucket you could
respond to to some of the points that
the panelists made here at the top of
the show including Nancy's point that
there has to be an interaction between
the litigation and the journalism
well a couple things first of all I
think Liz and company are absolutely
right that post me to ads it an extra
dimension to this and we shouldn't
underestimate that as far as the general
public is concerned which isn't always
following the ins and outs of the court
case the way we are that's the first
thing I would say this guy to me this
story is very much more than people
realize about Mike excuse me about
Michael avenatti
this guy is the polar opposite of
prosecutor Muller Muller never operates
in patna listen to me mother never
operates in public only below the
surface legally the guy in Los Angeles
is an la Hollywood lawyer but with
substantial corporate experience this
guy's a piece of heavy legal artillery
he really is because he knows how to try
the case in public which is what he's
doing right now and and in a sense
Donald Trump the biggest picture here is
that Donald Trump is in a pincer isn't
is the subject of a pincer move by the
guy who's operating legally on on
low-level but serious stuff and the
lower guy who's operating on something
that the public if this comes out the
way it could we'll just be riveted by
can you that Donald Trump cannot fire
enough people from his cabinet between
now and a week from Sunday to keep
people from watching that thing and
that's what avenatti is doing and I
would disagree with you Ari I hate to
disagree on a legal go ahead okay but
avenatti is being very shrewd about
sticking to the procedural thing first
you say why he's got an abuse claim why
doesn't he
why didn't he put it out now think about
that he's prepped he's trailing this out
as long as he can he's sticking with
procedure first which is the NDA and
then going to the substance which he
will try first on 60 minutes before he
does anything else he doesn't even he
hasn't filed a case against Donald Trump
on the substance this is all procedure
this guy has had to show had has had two
topics of his two cases of his already
on 60 minutes and he began his career as
an oppo guy for rahm emanuel by the way
rahm emanuel did not hire to use a
technical term putz --is which is what
michael cohen actually is well what's
interesting is that donald trump went on
the air and called all these women liars
and some of them who have NDA's he
waived his right to go to arbitration
because we were entered into self-help
and had all these opinions and all these
threats and he said all this stuff and
now they're supposed to shut up in a
secret arbitration proceeding he waived
that he's not going to be able to say oh
we should be an arbitration now that i
blew off all my steam okay part re i
wanted to jump on something that howard
just mentioned about michael avenatti
michael avenatti is playing this in in
two courts the legal court but also the
court of public opinion and this is
where I agree with Howard there is only
one court really that Donald Trump truly
cares about in terms of his public
persona and that is the court of public
opinion and he has the Bulls court
because it's televised and so I think I
think the President may have met his
match in Michael avenatti because he's
going up against someone who it's
basically peer to peer when using
television Liz take take it home to that
point that that avenatti is if anything
speaking the president's language by
making this all about a sequential
strategic media mark absolutely and
that's what Donald Trump has been doing
to us for
you know well well of two years now and
I think that his silence also speaks
volumes Donald Trump talks about
everything right she tweets about
everything even things that he doesn't
know anything about why is he being
completely silent about this briefly all
I was gonna say is actually in the
lawsuit they don't they do claim some
coercion and it's the suggestion is that
it's actually Michael Cohen so I'm still
confused about why we're just hearing
about it even on the march out
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
