president like having this unsettled
environment around him I think the
President and I and I've seen it in
action he likes to have the staff
competing with ideas defending their
ideas their positions that way he sees
all sides of all of the issues and then
he makes this decision and it's time for
it's time for everyone to execute is
there a point though that it does become
an abhorrent and demoralizing look you
were there you left in September 17 and
we did this you were there while Bannon
Priebus Spicer Flynn call me Walsh
mcFarland dubbed key Gore kylief call me
out of this I'm just gonna do White
House people all those folks left before
you left so you've been there when
there's been churn
I get the competition for ideas but
those are a point it becomes
demoralizing I think as long as the
staff feels like that their
contributions are still mattering and
and really I can't say the number of
times we would leave out of the office
usually after dark and you'd call them
you turn on the news and talk to your
family and they would you would see the
stories of the chaos but you're so
insular you're so focused on whatever
the task at hand is whether it's
tomorrow's meetings whether it's the
trade mission next month or something
along those lines you really become very
task-oriented and then it kind of
surprises you when you see the outsides
commentary on it I want to ask you
though about at some Axios reporting
I've referred to it a little bit in
Kelly O'Donnell apparently the chief of
staff had an off-the-record with a bunch
of reporters Axios was not in it so they
they got reports of it where John Kelly
said the president's at conversations
with outside advisors who then perhaps
talked to members of the press have
helped stir this perception fair I mean
the president talks to a lot of people
and he talks to them and you know at all
times during the day many of those
people still still go on and talk I do
think he likes to make sure that he
keeps his staff on his toes so they're
always working to deliver the next
message the next policy idea and when
you're reading about things I you know I
always try to tell people in all walks
of life not just at the White House when
you're worried about those kinds of
things control what you can control and
that's doing the best job you can hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
