police officers who kill suspects are
almost never charged with first-degree
murder
but that's starting to change these
cases move quite slowly so while Chicago
Police shot 17 year-old laQuan McDonald
to death in 2014 the trolley officer in
that shooting just hit its most pivotal
point this week four years since the
killing Officer Jason van Dyke took the
stand to deny first-degree murder
charges this is the first time in over
30 years of Chicago officer has faced
these kind of charges but unlike many
other shootings over the past decades
this entire encounter is you may recall
was captured on video you can see laQuan
McDonald running down his Street at
night and police cars pull up next to
him and the dashcam video of him running
there catches the encounter he appears
to be sort of walking away from the
officers his hands out and what we don't
show you in full is what comes next
officers advancing on him and shooting
now the video scandalized Chicago it led
to the ousting of the police chief and a
prosecutor accused of going soft and
corrupt cops plus huge protests not only
in Chicago but around the country so now
this week the officer takes the stand to
defend with so many saw is indefensible
in this encounter and he claims that
teenager McDonald advanced on him what
was the supply McDonald dude
advancing on me and could you see him
his face yeah I could the space had no
expression his eyes were just bugging
out of his head he had just this huge
white eyes just staring right through me
I was yelling at him drop the knife the
video does not show laQuan advancing on
the officer and prosecutors press this
officer on why his claims cannot even be
seen on this video
the video doesn't show my perspective I
was accommodated a completely different
angle now second guessing one or two
shots in the line of duty I will tell
you reporting on these stories that can
be very difficult more so than I think
some people realize but this video
showed Van Dyck unloading 16 shots into
MacDonald in fact we're not allowed to
show you the portion of the video where
the next series of bullets one after
another after another are fired into
McDonald's body lying on the ground and
we know that body was either dying or a
corpse at the time well it caught all
those bullets now prosecutors also
pressed the officer on why he stepped
towards McDonald who was surrounded by
armed cops rather than step back I know
they know yeah
not intentionally
not intentionally not intentionally
well I thought I was bad handling that
night what miss I thought I was
backpedaling that night you Barbara
battling as you're firing the shot after
shot after shot
I know now and what I thought at that
time are two different things to
different things according to the
officer now now laQuan McDonald's family
sees something different
this is his great-uncle when an officer
who was sworn to serve and to protect
kin gunned down a citizen for no other
reason than that he was black
laQuan McDonald represents thousands of
laQuan McDonald same black skin yes same
poverty nobody knows how this case will
end as always this defendant is presumed
innocent and the jury will hear the
closing arguments starting tonight but
we do know from the data that the
criminal justice system does not
typically fire police chiefs for this
kind of shooting or change the DA let
alone charge an officer with
first-degree murder as I've reported
those three steps have already occurred
and many experts in Chicago say it's
because of the video and the public
pressure and the activism which got the
video released that's already changed
it's already progress and I admit and I
think we all know it is a very grim kind
of progress for dealing with an
irreversible tragedy but as far as
criminal justice is concerned it is
progress nonetheless and because this
shooting was caught on video those
defending it are left arguing that what
you see on the video isn't on the video
the video doesn't show my perspective
that was coming in a completely
different angle hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
