Senate Judiciary Committee Democrats are
disputing the Republicans account of
Cavanaugh's prior background probes on
Twitter a pair of tweets from the
committee account controlled by the
Republican majority reference
Cavanaugh's Pryor FBI background checks
noting nowhere in any of these six FBI
reports was there ever a whiff of any
issue at all related in any way to
inappropriate sexual behavior or alcohol
abuse committee democrats responded with
a letter to the chairman writing while
we are limited in what we can say about
this background investigation there is
information in the second post that is
not accurate your thoughts about what
are we finding out in the six previous
FBI background checks of Judge Cavanaugh
what's most important Chris is what
those six prior reports lack and I am
constrained by what I can say did they
go into his high school and college
record and drinking as a general matter
FBI background checks do not go back
prior to 18 years old they focus only on
co-workers professional comment at the
freshman I said yeah these people are
all over the place that I coming in with
the hitting the the the tip box with all
kinds of stuff now because generally the
FBI clearances focus only on the
references submitted by the nominee
himself
and here's the important point the FBI
still has probably about 40 witnesses as
MSNBC has reported that they still have
failed to interview not probably as a
result of self-imposed constraints but
rather straight jacketing from the White
House and they need to talk to for
example one of the witnesses that I put
in touch with them who can tell them
about possibly improper outreaches to
key witnesses in the Ramirez incident
who were known to judge Cavanaugh and
potentially indicate that he knew about
that new yorkers story before it came
out is that illegal to go around and and
and call on people you know who are
about to be - it's all about what your
your misbehavior misconduct
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
