well this morning was the very first
morning this week that Donald Trump woke
up and did not tweet about the special
congressional election in Pennsylvania
first thing Monday morning he tweeted
about it Tuesday morning he tweeted
about it and this morning not a word
here's Donald Trump's last tweet about
the congressional race in Pennsylvania
the economy is raging at an all-time
high and is set to get even better jobs
and wages up vote for rick Ciccone and
keep it going that was yesterday morning
and in the middle of the night last
night well at exactly 5:22 a.m. this
happened we have an apparent winner in
the aisle vania special election for the
House District in the 18th Connor Lam
the Democrat NBC News is declaring the
apparent winner over Rick Ciccone the
Republican finally oh my god we waited
all night for these numbers a heroic
night of coverage by Steve Kerr dakki
and Donald Trump was crushed last night
in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district so was Donald Trump jr. who
went to the district wearing his vote
Republican hairnet and that wasn't good
enough Ivanka Trump was crushed in
Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district she campaigned for the
Republican candidate and it did
absolutely no good and Mike Pence was
also personally crushed in
Pennsylvania's 18th last night he came
pain campaigned there for the Republican
candidate the Republicans know what
happened last night the Democrats won a
congressional district where they didn't
even bother to put up a Democratic name
on the ballot in the last two elections
that's how hopeless it was Democrats won
in a congressional district where the
Republican could previously run
unopposed Democrats won in a
congressional district where Donald
Trump won by 20 points a congressional
district where Mitt Romney won by 17
points the Democrat won in a
congressional district that was
gerrymandered by Republicans as are most
of the congressional districts where
Republicans win
but this was a congressional district so
perversely gerrymandered by the
Republicans that the United States
Supreme Court ruled it such an illegally
contrived district that Pennsylvania is
going to have to just eliminate it just
erase it off the map in the next
election the Democrat won in a district
that was illegally gerrymandered by
Republicans so that a Democrat any
Democrat could never win and a Democrat
won and so Donald Trump has been
humiliated in the to silence today he
can't think of a word to say about what
happened the White House tried to spin
it today that without Trump's
involvement in the race the Republican
would have lost by an even wider margin
and that is of course a wild light the
district was gerrymandered to the
illegal point where the Republican could
never lose and Donald Trump went to the
never lose district and lost delivered a
loss for the Republicans just by being
himself are used to say how easy it is
to be presidential but you'd all be out
of here right now but you'd be so bored
because I could stand up right
I'm very presidential ladies and
gentlemen thank you for being here
tonight
Rick sarcone will be a great great
congressman and then you go god bless
you and God bless the United States of
America thank you very much
that was Donald Trump doing what I guess
is his impression of Mike Pence Donald
Trump's problem is that he actually
cannot be presidential he can never be
presidential Donald Trump's problem is a
majority of the country is embarrassed
to have him as the president of the
United States because he can never be
presidential Donald Trump's problem is
that many Trump voters now who wanted
him to be presidential now realize that
it is impossible and they voted for a
clown and those Trump voters want the
circus to be over and so in
pennsylvaniaÂ´s eighteenth last night
Trump voters turned against Donald Trump
and those voters gave the win to the
Democrats Donald Trump stood on a stage
in that congressional congressional
district on Saturday night and tried his
hand at very very bad comedy and very
practiced racism and the voters of that
district said no they said no to Donald
Trump no we will not send another
representative to Congress to support
Donald Trump Republican House members
spent the day under Paul Ryan's order
lying about to the public about what
they think happened in Pennsylvania last
night I think this was a case of a very
strong Democratic candidate and on a
relative basis a much weaker Republican
candidate that was the big Republican
lie of the day was the Republican
candidates fault gerrymandered districts
are candidate proof the Republicans
gerrymandered that district to the point
of illegalities so that it wouldn't
matter who the Republican candidate was
what the Republicans ran into in
Pennsylvania's 18th was a big blue wave
that wiped out the Republican candidate
the Republicans the Republicans got
wiped out the president got wiped out
the Republican president's family got
wiped out and professional Republicans
know that privately they're all
desperately worried about what happened
Sylvania last night this is what each
party does when something like this
happens they can't publicly admit that
they're panicked it would be like a
company publicly admitting that they're
panicked about their stock price going
down and then this stock price would go
down even more
many Republicans saw this coming
including most of the Republicans who
decided not to run for re-election a
record number of high-ranking
Republicans in the House have decided
not to run for reelection
Republican Senator Jeff Flake who has
decided not to run for reelection is
more willing to publicly face reality
you know that's that's a wake-up call
for sure is hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
