it's time now to turn in my favorite
part of the show money power politics
and we have got to get back to the
narrow victory by Democrat Connor Lam in
Pennsylvania's 18th district also known
as Trump country this is a race
Republicans clearly should have had in
the bag
I'm joined out by a man who's feeling
pretty good today chairman of the
Democratic National Committee Tom Perez
Tom I've got to start with
congratulations but you can't run too
big of a victory lap you got to get back
to work what is your response to aren't
see people who like to say that lamb he
was essentially Republican he's pro-life
he's pro-gun he's a vet they would have
ride that argument what do you say to
that
Connor Lamb was fighting for the issues
that people care about he was fighting
for the right to organize a union he was
fighting for pension security
Republicans have had years to help those
coal miners in Greene County
Pennsylvania and they haven't done a
thing for them and that's what the
Connor was fighting for he was fighting
for access to health care the number one
issue for voters in district 18 as it
was across the country was health care
and they understand that Democrats
believe health care should be a right
for all and not a privilege for a few
and the Republicans are trying to take
it away so we've been fighting for the
issues that people care about not just
in district 18 but in all these special
elections that we've been winning this
this is not a an aberration this is a
trend that dates back to 2017 and we're
winning because we're fielding good
candidates everywhere we're organizing
everywhere we're leading with our values
and that's how we win and there as you
know there are a hundred and fourteen
congressional districts that are more
competitive than Connor lambs District
Republicans are understandably quaking
in their boots because this culture of
corruption that they've wrapped
themselves around with with Trump they
they will continue to do that at their
peril it's clear Democrats know how to
vote against Trump but what happens when
they're voting against themselves months
from now will we see Connor Lambie
primary by a more progressive Democrat
because we're in this moment where
Connor Lamb was able to pull those
disenfranchised Republican voters but if
Democrats go too far to the left if they
go from Trump country to a
Warren land you're going to lose that
voter well I had the privilege of
working for Ted Kennedy who is my
original political mentor and he taught
me something really important Stephani
which is that we should never confuse
unity with unanimity
I'm not asking everybody in the
Democratic Party to agree with
everything I believe I'm not asking them
to agree with everything that Democrats
believe but what we understand and we're
at our best when we understand that what
we agree on far exceeds what our
differences are and when we're focused
on issues that are the most meaningful
to our constituents that's when we do
well let's out Doug Jones one he was
talking about kitchen table issues he
was talking about health care
Connor lamb was talking about health
care Connor lamb was talking about
pension security Connor lamb was talking
about the right to organize a union
that's how we're winning these elections
by focusing on those shared values money
matters and it runs out quickly nearly
12 million bucks was spent on ads
between Democrats and Republicans in
this special campaign Democrats shelling
out more than four million of that but
here's the thing the 18th district it
will not exist by November was it it
wasn't important to spend now because
you're trying to set the trend ahead of
November well listen we I think it's a
great question we've been investing all
over the country we were investing not
only in Connor Lambs district but we've
been investing in Pennsylvania to build
that infrastructure for a success you're
absolutely correct that Connor lambs
district is changing but the remarkable
thing to remember is Connor lamb won in
a totally gerrymandered district Donald
Trump won this by 20 points when he runs
in November he's going to be running in
a fairly drawn district that's what
Democrats are asking for in Pennsylvania
and elsewhere and we're investing in
Pennsylvania and elsewhere building that
infrastructure everywhere because if
there's a lesson I've learned over the
last year we can win everywhere we in
fact are winning everywhere this isn't
just an aberration in Pennsylvania this
is a trend across the country and we're
going to continue to organize Stephanie
because I think we have a wind at our
back and we're not just organizing
against Trump we're organizing for our
use our values of opportunity for
everyone good jobs for everyone
retirement security making sure if you
work a full-time job you can win a live
a stress-free life how challenging is
that because Connor Lam and Doug Jones
are not people that you would ever
consider to be part of the resistance
and the resistance is a huge portion of
your party well again as I learned from
Ted Kennedy our party has so many
remarkable parts to it and and I've
heard people say that you should either
focus on white working-class voters or
you focus on our diverse tent I
categorically reject that false choice
we have learned that we can win
everywhere I'm proud of the fact that we
invested so much money in Alabama and
Doug Jones in the african-american vote
which was the linchpin to his success
we've invested in mayor's races whether
it's Charlotte North Carolina or Atlanta
Georgia helping African American women
win
Conner's district is I think 93 percent
white those were Obama Obama Trump
voters who've come back to the
Democratic Party because they understand
that Donald Trump is a fraud he sold
them a bill of goods he's not fighting
for their pension security he's not
fighting for the right to organize a
union he's not fighting for their health
care and the Democrats are that's how
we're winning and that's how we'll
continue to win everywhere well Tom
Perez last night was a big was a narrow
win but a very big win for you so
congratulations and thanks for joining
me today thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
