in the national school walkout it will
last for 17 minutes in honor of the 17
victims at Marjory Stoneman high school
shooting in parkland Florida one month
to the day joining us now from Parkland
is a senior at Flores Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School
David hog David good morning it's good
to see you I want to talk about the
walkout and your objectives here in a
minute but it strikes me as I see you
guys on TV and listen to you you've been
thrust forward as as advocates and good
for you for raising your voices but I
haven't heard much about how you're
doing you guys suffered an unimaginable
trauma in school that day how are you
doing how are your classmates doing
we're all doing as good as we could be
this is an unimaginable tragedy that
nobody ever thinks will happen to them
nobody should ever think would happen to
them but it can and it does sadly that's
what happened here in Parkland but I
think with the difference this time is
is that we're all standing up and we are
closing up like many communities before
us have we're opening up to the world
and the nation to show and expose the
wounds that we have acquired as
community so that no other city no other
club and no other no other person has to
be affected in such a negative way hi hi
David it's Heidi pres Bella thanks for
being up this early what is next we're
gonna have this March and certainly this
is going to draw a lot of attention to
the issue but at the same time I'm sure
you're following what's going on in
Washington and seeing that the chances
of major movement on gun legislation is
evaporating by the day you have an
election coming up do you see these
threads between all of the different
students who are organizing in different
cities as part of a new grassroots
movement and what do you think will
happen in the run-up to the election I
think what's going to happen in the
run-up to the election of it is if our
elected officials don't take
responsibility for their inaction on
both sides of the aisle then we are
going to kick them out of office we are
their bosses as the American democracy
and if they don't serve us like the
representatives that they're supposed to
be that's
okay because one will kick them out of
office by not reelecting them and two
will be remembered in our history but in
our history books that my generation
rights as the cowards that they are
because they don't take action we've
seen so many thousands of people die
with no inaction with no action and now
we're here to change that and the way
that we really continue this movement
even after the March is having more
school walkouts until legislative action
is taken because this is ridiculous
how should we be expected to go to
school and do our job as students if our
elected officials won't why should we
have to you know David uh all of us have
most of us have children who are in
school right now it's deeply affected
them I suspect everybody regardless of
their position on the Second Amendment
and what the Second Amendment is and is
not have to talk to their children
before they go to school it is
interesting that we had john de la Volpe
from Harvard's Institute of Politics
talking about polling numbers that I've
seen before that are fascinating that
millennial voters while more progressive
on just about every other issue actually
are more conservative when it comes to
guns obviously those of you that have
taken the lead after Parkland are not in
and in that position but I'm wondering
what message do you have instead of just
elected leaders what message do you have
to your own generation and other
Millennials who are more conservative
than most would expect on this issue I
have one thing I think is important to
remember about those polls is
conservative students and conservative
people the millennial generation are
typically a lot more politically active
so the polls might be biased in that way
because many students that have more
liberal views may just not partake in
them so there may be a skew in the polls
that way and also I think it's important
to realize for the students out there
that are I want to know what to do next
it's get out and vote research what your
apology your politicians are even know
what they do know who they're supported
by legislatively and know who's
supporting them finance
for their campaigns because ever since
citizens united we've seen the next a
massive growth in the amount of campaign
contributions and corruption in politics
as a result and that has to change sadly
our parents haven't done so so my
generation does all right David thank
you so much for being with dog we
greatly appreciate it incredible still I
had on Morning Joe I hate to put this
pressure on you Rick they're all
watching because I won this district
like by 22 points it's a lot that's why
I'm here look at all those red hats Rick
and we just had a poll we're more
popular now than we were an election day
this guy should win easily and he's
gonna win he's like wow
nothing like setting somebody up for the
fall he did not win easily no he didn't
hate a lot of red hats out there the
president's candidate won it all we're
gonna talk to the apparent winner of the
closely-watched Pennsylvania House race
Democrat Connor Lam will join us live
we're back in 90 seconds thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
