but now I don't really
breaking news after months of policy
disagreements over the Iran nuclear deal
Russia tariffs and North Korea the
president fires his secretary of state
who had early warnings but only finds
out about it from a crop tweet this
morning Rex and I have been talking
about this for a long time we we've got
along actually quite well but we
disagreed on things so we were not
really thinking the same the CIA
director Mike Pompeo a trump favorite is
the president's choice to become the
nation's top diplomat tremendous energy
tremendous intellect we're always on the
same wavelength
the relationship has been very good and
that's what I need as Secretary of State
and good day everyone I'm Andrea
Mitchell with the stunning news today
the President Trump has fired his
Secretary of State at a critical time
for u.s. foreign policy Rex Tillerson is
out as the nation's top diplomat
shocking America's closest allies as the
president heads into historic talks with
North Korea threatens to withdraw from
the Iran nuclear deal and says he
welcomes a trade war mr. Trump
explaining the reasons behind this
massive shake up from the South Lawn
today I wish well I'm really at a point
where we're getting very close to having
the cabinet and other things that I want
as far as Rex Tillerson is concerned I
very much appreciate his commitment that
is service and I wish him well he's a
good man
we were not really thinking the same
with Mike Mike Pompeo we have a very
similar thought process I think it's
going to go very well
I actually got along well with Rex but
really it was a different mindset it was
a different thinking joining me now is
NBC national correspondent Peter
Alexander at the White House MSNBC
political analyst and Washington Post
White House bureau chief Phil Rucker who
broke the story this morning Washington
Post columnist David Ignatius New York
Times State Department correspondent
Gagner Gardner Harris who was just on
the plane with Rex Tillerson coming back
early this morning from Africa and on
that whole seven-day trip an NBC
national political reporter Carol Lee
Phil record let's go first to you
because you and your team broke the
story the surprising announcement today
that despite all of their tensions for a
year more than a year that Rex Tillerson
was fired on Twitter yeah well Andrea
it's interesting there seems to be some
conflicting information because the
White House is telling us that chief of
staff John Kelly actually called
Tillerson overnight in the wee hours
Saturday in Africa woke him up from his
sleep to tell him that you know that his
job was in jeopardy that he ought to get
back to Washington right away we're
still trying to sort out exactly what
that conversation was about but
Tillerson if he didn't know until this
morning that he was going to be fired
definitively he at least to the
have some indication that this was
coming that things were not going well
in the relationship with the president
well Gardner Harris you were on the
plane with Rex Tillerson who had an
unusually we thought candid briefing and
extraordinary briefing on the flight
between Abuja Nigeria and refueling in
Cape Verde you landed in Cape Verde
around 6:30 Eastern time last night and
we got the transcript from you and your
colleagues our colleague Abigail
Williams was the pool producer on all of
that his state of mind as he talked to
you very openly about being the point
person setting up the upcoming career
talks he did he look Phil and I are
getting the same information you know
the White House people are sort of
telling us look Kelly called him Kelly
gave him a heads-up the State Department
people are telling us telogen didn't
really get that message I think what
what we are hearing Kelley told him is
you're gonna get a tweet but you know
there's a lot of people in this
administration jeff sessions among them
who get tweets that are critical and
Tillerson sort of felt like he I think
he'd been here before that he would
weather this storm like he had weathered
others so yes Andrea you're exactly
right he I was on the plane with him if
he knew that he was about to be fired he
is the coolest customer I've ever known
he spoke to us about his plans for
diplomacy going forward he then got off
the plane at at Cape Verde was very
jocular laughing with his chief of staff
Margaret Peter Lynn who by the way is
also being fired today there was no
sense of grim foreboding in that group
whatsoever and as you said what one
thing that we are also hearing though
Andrea is in that interview he was very
tough on Russia much tougher than the
official line coming out of the State
Department and it was another one of
those sort of last straw things the
White House was livid about that because
it once again made them look like
they're being soft on Russia which they
don't want to look like because he
really got out in front of the White
House and what was really known
about this poisoning incident in Britain
so so I don't think he really got it it
really sunk in that Kelly's call
suggested that his job was in jeopardy
and you know he of course came back in
around 4:30 this morning and it wasn't
until apparently Trump's tweet that that
his top staffer showed him that he
understood that he was really out of a
job David Ignatius I wanted to come to
you because you and I have both covered
this man you've interviewed him many
times and the fact is that he was let's
face it a management disaster the irony
because he was the CEO of the world's
largest private company but he was at
least regarded as a traditionalist in
terms of foreign policy he objected on
tariffs he objected on withdrawing from
the Iran deal the Paris climate records
most recently he said it was going to
take much longer time to open and move
the embassy in Jerusalem into Jerusalem
for security reasons and then the White
House preempted him on that and said
it's going to happen on May 14th so
there were so many things Iran Russia on
which they disagreed and he was not
respected untrusted by our allies
because they knew he wasn't on the same
page as the president he was constantly
undercut by the president but he was far
more traditional and more in line
especially with Europe I think you put
it just right and really consistently
from what we know gave the president the
White House a traditional advice about
alliances relationships the continuity
of US policy the in doing so he was in
almost every instance in sync with
secretary defense mattis the two of them
would talk through every policy issue
before going to the White House to make
sure that they were aligned I think
Madison will be very sorry to see
Tillerson leave president was pretty
direct and the comments he made this
morning as he was about to get on the
helicopter he just didn't feel that he
was in step with with Tillerson it's
obvious that that traditional foreign
policy advice he kept getting from a
Secretary of State bothered in this the
president
wants to be the disrupter and he has a
secretary of state who says hold on sir
let's let's let's be more careful here
that Tillerson has not been a successful
Secretary of State you have to be honest
about that he has many good qualities
intellectually but the State Department
is just a mess and I think that the new
secretary of Pompeo will be a better
communicator a lot of things to wonder
and worry about with Pompeo secretary of
state but in terms of the outward facing
aspects of the job I suspect he'll be a
lot better at it Peter Alexander let's
put in context here this extraordinary
timeline now in that interview with
Gardner Harris and our other colleagues
on the plane last night on the way back
from Africa the secretary said he was
awakened early Saturday morning around
2:30 in the morning from a call so that
was part of his explanation that 2:30
according to him he was awakened that
means that that was probably the John
Kelly call that has been referenced but
it could well be that he did not take
this as the firing because he had said
he had constantly said he has to do it
to my face he did not quit
and despite all of the you know don't
waste your time Rex when he was on his
way back from Asia famously don't waste
your time at diplomacy ironically there
now during diplomacy with North Korea
and the other thing was on October 4th
we reported that back in July the
president had referred to him as a moron
and it's very clear that mr. Trump
understandably did not like being called
a moron from his Secretary of State
something that Rex Tillerson personally
did not deny yeah and I think that last
point is crucial here you talk about
with Jeff Sessions the original sin
being his recusal from his role in the
Russia investigation for Rex Tillerson
the original sin perhaps was that
comment where he among other officials
described the president as a moron as
first reported by the team here at NBC
News and as you noted most importantly
although there were multiple occasions
on which he was pressed on this and even
at the time came out he said I won't
address petty things I think the word he
used was petty
issues like that and even more recently
was asked about it again and again said
he wouldn't talk about it and privately
my conversations here at the White House
or that that continued to frustrate the
president that his upset upset him from
the very beginning you know one thing
that really struck me from the
president's comments on the South Lawn
today was that he said I'm finally
getting to the point where we have the
right cabinet members we have our
cabinet and other officials in place
that that he said he's finally getting
that point which is to suggest that
there may be more changes still to come
and remember this is a president who
from the very beginning said I only hire
the smartest the the best people but
consider the the abrupt shifts we've
already watched and the not just in his
cabinet but across his administration
this West Wing in the course of the last
several months they're still looking for
a new communications director after Hope
Dix announced departure replacing
Anthony scaramouche II Sean Spicer Mike
dub key Tom Price at HHS he is out
Reince Priebus he's been fired to say
nothing of the other issues that have
gone a lot alongside David Shulkin at
the VA questions about his status right
now questions about spending by ben
Carson and others so even as we talk
about what is just a seismic shift right
now with the announcement regarding Rex
Tillerson consider the fact that the
president still appears to be
dissatisfied and there may be more
change coming and in fact make Maggie
Haberman who is often referred to as the
Trump whisperer because of all of her
exclusive reporting among your
colleagues Gardner at the New York Times
people close to the White House say they
expect more major personnel shifts this
week and effort to rip off the band-aid
fast on a number of fronts is like the
Republican losses in Pennsylvania watch
that tonight that's gonna that will
infuriate the press that's so smart of
you people right so and so it's to the
politics it's the politics of this
election tonight which the Republicans
fear they may lose and will lead to a
real change or worsening of the
narrative around the Trump presidency
and I think also you know you're exactly
right here Peter that the the president
oddly is getting more confident in this
job getting he's a year in he really is
feeling like he he sort of knows how to
do this job and
doesn't really want to be lectured
anymore by by people around him who I
think in the first few months he was
willing to sort of take that because he
wasn't confident in the job and so I
think you know among the other people
that we're gonna be watching this week
of course is HR McMaster the national
security adviser they are clearly not in
sync just as the president and Rex
Tillerson weren't in sync and and you
you know you wonder about whether that
is the next shoe to drop but but but the
Andrea I think it is important to point
out you know in in your conversation
that that the Rex Tillerson really
genuinely was one of the least
successful secretaries of state in
history you know you have two jobs
basically a secretary of state you got
to manage the White House and you got to
manage the State Department of the
building and he he obviously did not
manage the White House very well at all
and he was a disaster in managing the
building you know that the third which
is managing your interlocutors around
the the world can only happen if you do
those first two jobs and and he just was
never comfortable in this town he always
sort of continues to have that sort of
imperial CEO attitude of listen you know
I'm the secretary of state and I'm in
charge and everybody in this town knows
that that's not really the way the town
works you have various power centers
that you have to manage but he never
really understood that well nothing
could have made that more clear that his
comment about the moron which was done
in the Pentagon at the tank Carolis here
that was your original reporting you
were the lead reporter on that and we
all then were contributing but from your
perspective have can you recall a
Secretary of State ever publicly because
that is publicly remember of people
present there were a number of witnesses
we had numbers of sources there calling
the boss the commander in chief a moron
after such a significant meeting no and
not and particularly in front of a
number of his colleagues and obviously
that we spoke to several people who
overheard Tillerson
call the president a moron and I think
that it's exactly that it's hard to
overstate how much that irritated the
president
that cotillion continued to not deny it
and then that was just a constant
reminder of you know the fact that these
two were not on the same page and he
felt that he Rex Tillerson didn't
respect him so it was all of the policy
reasons that they were at odds over and
then you had the relationship and the
chemistry that just didn't gel and then
we know Rex Tillerson not denying that
he called the president a moron which he
didn't deny it because he did obviously
the benefit I think that the new hue
whether it's a team or you know it's
just the secretary of state and this new
CIA director coming in has a year into
this presidency is that they can learn
from some of the mistakes that they've
seen people like Rex Tillerson make in
terms of dealing with the president this
was neither of Rex Tillerson or Donald
Trump knew each other well coming into
this and they didn't gel Mike Pompeo
obviously is a very big advantage in
this relationship because he does have a
good relationship with the president you
heard the president stress how important
that is to him this morning and and so
he there's an opportunity for them to
kind of handle the way the president
operates his management style in a
better way than some of the people who
originally came in did and to that point
David Ignatius perhaps you and I are the
only ones here who remember the firing
of Alexander Haig who also was certainly
arrogant and did not get along with the
president and made his own you know
staked out his own place with Ronald
Reagan and that is a key point here the
really the devastation of the Foreign
Service you said it was a mess just in
the last 10 days we've had the
resignation of Joey Owen who was the
most preeminent of the Asia specialists
and Roberta Jacobson all of Latin
America
she's the Ambassador to Mexico but
previously she was the assistant
secretary for the region we have
vacancies that assistant secretaries
acting secretary assistant secretaries
everywhere and vacant vacant ambassador
posts in key posts in you know Riyadh
and key embassies around the world if
Mike Pompeo is smart he will move
quickly to fix that he will
quickly appoint ambassadors to fill
these open embassies many of them are
going to be career appointments there's
some things that Pompeo ought to find no
brainers as he comes in he has one thing
going for him
that Tillerson never did and that in
some ways was fatal teller s'en could
never speak for the president in a way
that was credible it was known around
the world that this was a bad
relationship a bad marriage between the
president secretary of state and that
undercut me big sister apparently
because of Jared Kushner and it
initially Steve Bannon setting up the
Riyadh summit which was not a logical
place to begin your diplomacy overseas
Teller stone was undercut and humiliated
in 20 different ways but I think the
fact that he didn't take command of his
own bureaucracy and mobilize it the
reason that secretary mattis is so
powerful in his interactions with the
White House is he's got the Pentagon
military behind him Tillerson never
understood that he needed to have the
Foreign Service behind a minute that
serves the country it also serves him as
a powerful figure but people around the
world knew that Rex Orson did not speak
for this president and that's that's a
problem well we have an all-star cast
throughout this program thank you all
for launching us and also we understand
that there have been two more firings at
the top not only the chief of staff
market peddling but Gardner Harris we
also understand that Steve Goldstein the
undersecretary for public affairs would
only come on board in December has also
just been fired as well cleaning house
at the State Department for those who
are left garden we're gonna have to
leave it there but this is an
extraordinary day even for this
administration thanks to our hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
