it doesn't make sense that I have to
wait till I'm 21 to get a handgun but I
can get this weapon at 18 I don't know
so I just curious as to what you did in
your bill we don't know we didn't we
didn't address in this president look I
think you know a lot because you're
afraid of the NRA I represent a district
in Central Florida and we were deeply
affected by pulse and I think in the
aftermath of these types of tragedies
the American people really want to see
us their elected leaders working
together to do something and so I'm
heartened I mean how bad was pulse and
nothing happened I have a bipartisan
bill to remain remove the so-called
Dickey amendment which has prevented
over the last couple of decades the CDC
and other federal agencies from
researching gun violence that was
president Trump talking with lawmakers
about ways to strengthen gun laws
remember that at a bipartisan White
House meeting last month and that member
of Congress you just heard from is here
with us and will join us in just a
moment the White House in the meantime
outlined its gun plan over the weekend
it's in response to the Parkland Florida
school shooting that left 17 dead and
sparked a student movement for gun
control maybe they will push the adults
the president's plan supports some
expanded background checks and arming
teachers notably missing is his prior
support we heard it right there for
raising the age to buy a rifle from 18
to 21 he wrote on Twitter today quote
things are moving rapidly on this but
not much political support to put it
mildly
the Florida Legislature actually passed
its own bill raising the age limit last
week the NRA is now suing to stop that
Florida law from taking effect well with
us now is the last member of Congress we
heard from there congresswoman Stephanie
Murphy Democrat from the state of
Florida her Florida congressional
district begins across the street from
the pulse nightclub and her constituents
were of course greatly affected by the
shooting and the deaths of those 49
Souls congresswoman you're the first
member of that meeting at that table to
join us here at this table
what was that discussion like for you
because it sure sounded to me listening
all over again that he was support
during a hike in the minimum age as you
mentioned but pulse nightclub shooting
really effect in my district so this is
an issue that's deeply personal for me
and so sitting at that meeting I felt
maybe there was some hope here was a
president who was doubling down on the
idea that we should have strong
background checks and challenging
members of Congress to defy the NRA and
so I was deeply disappointed to see what
he rolled out today it doesn't go far
enough and it certainly doesn't even
come close to what he talked about us
doing at the table that day what do you
think you'll get out of Congress out of
the House of Representatives and tell us
a bit about the bipartisan bill you
mentioned to the president you know
Brian I think the conversation that
we've been having as a country around
gun safety has been so polarized and it
hasn't been grounded in fact so the bill
that I've introduced is the gun violence
research Act which would allow the CDC
and other federal agencies to research
gun violence so that instead of coming
up with reactive policies based on the
latest mass shooting that we actually
get a chance to based on facts and
evidence develop a set of legislative
policies that will help keep our
communities more safe and so I'm really
pushing that forward I'm grateful to say
that I have a 160 co-sponsors seven of
which are Republicans I don't think it
should take a lot of moral courage to
say that we want the facts on an issue
that is clearly a public health issue
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
