it's from Chapter four mmm
in the days following the end of the
Sochi Olympics a veteran US official
assigned to the Moscow embassy looking
for intelligence on Putin's plans
reached out to a secret source a senior
Russian government official who had
access to the Russian president's inner
circle the source had become a goldmine
of information for the US government
passing along juicy tidbits about the
debates and rival factions maneuvering
for power inside the Kremlin page later
2014 mm-hmm the Russian source delivered
what was perhaps his most stunning and
consequential revelation later that
spring as the Ukrainian crisis continued
he told us American contact that the
Kremlin was planning a wide-ranging
multifaceted campaign to attack Western
institutions and undermine Western
democracies the clandestine operation
was to include cyberattacks information
warfare propaganda and social media
campaigns it fit Putin's larger
strategic vision to destroy NATO to
destroy the European Union and to
seriously harm the United States two
things are amazing about that the
content of the warning the seriousness
of the warning but also the fact that
there is that kind of source inside the
Russian government who was talking to US
intelligence at this point in 2014 but
not to US intelligence he was not a spy
per se when he started out as providing
gossip we always been on in Kremlin
circles and then he started giving more
I think important information about
plans the Putin had for the invasion of
Crimea and he also talked about how
Putin regarded Barack Obama and
sometimes as a weakling sometimes as a
almost a super super manipulator who
could do anything in Russia to try to
you know get Putin and also you know the
people around Putin talking about Obama
in very racist terms calling monkeys and
easily n-word and then you know as he
evolved giving you know some of it was
chitchat I think but then it became you
know a lot more serious when he started
giving these warnings that did go
through the channels and it still
remains somewhat of a mystery today why
the US intelligence community in the
agency
did not take this and some other
indicators they had and around that
timeframe in the years since of
recognize what we were recognized what
was coming he was not a US intelligence
asset yes I said in the former formal
sense but he was reporting to a US
government official who was reporting
through intelligence channels and if you
know anything about the way US
government works the the rivalries among
US agencies where the US intelligence
community would tend to sort of look
down on that which is being reported by
other agencies so it's possible and
likely that this guy's reports which
were all documented and we talked about
them how they were top secret top secret
sent and cables was kind of dismissed by
some in the intelligence community
because it wasn't one of their guys but
this is part of you know what I said
before was this massive intelligence
failure and it's very much like 9/11 you
remember the famous line from the 9/11
Commission there was a failure of
imagination mm-hmm and we see these
indications and we see that a lot of it
wasn't hiding in plain sight what the
internet research agency the trolls were
doing was reported first in the Russian
media and then even in the New York
Times and in 2015 there are times
magazine magazine 1015 it all out and
none of this kind of registered we
report it didn't all seem like links in
a single chain it all felt like
individual strange stuff and nobody was
taking a strategic look at it to
recognize the real risk of what had
happened including an in in the highest
levels the Obama administration until
after the election was done right and
they depend the policymakers depend on
the intelligence community to present
information to them and when the Russian
attack was underway they were getting
good intelligence what was happening in
terms of the cyber attacks the cutouts
who was dumping it and why they got good
intelligence that Mike first reported on
about Russian efforts to penetrate and
probe state election assistance but on
this come Alliance but on the social
media front and other fronts they were
totally lost in all those deliberations
they had in the summer and fall not once
at the high level when they were trying
to figure out what was going on with
this Russian campaign did they ever
focus on what was happening on the
social media front one thing that you
will want to read this book for friends
at home is the list this very concise
list that David and Mike have turned up
of things that the Obama administration
can
sitter doing put on the menu as options
for trying to brush Russia back on this
things they did not do but could have
part of the takeaway from that is of
course those things conceivably could
still be on the menu if we were looking
to brush rush hour back anytime soon
Michael Isikoff David corn the book is
called Russian roulette the inside story
of Putin's war on America and the
election of Donald Trump congratulations
to both of you thank you so much thank
you thank you I know you guys are doing
a big launch tomorrow morning on CBS I
really really appreciate you being here
tonight first thank you happy to be here
yeah don't tell don't tell them we'll
keep it between us all right we'll be
right back stay with us hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
