to Monday on the beat so it's time for a
new segment we do on Mondays the real
list where we focus on what's important
in the world what's real in the news and
people who are doing something positive
fun or significant our special guests
tonight are former New Jersey senator
Robert Torricelli who served on the
Judiciary Committee and recording artist
and rapper havoc he form the legendary
rap group mob deep with prodigy they
have sold over 40 million records
including a platinum album and three
gold albums gentlemen thanks for joining
me
thanks senator who is on your realest
this is easy for me gun control is being
discussed in every living room every
kitchen table in America it's going to
be debated in the House of
Representatives it's being debated on
every Network every place except the
United States Senate Mitch McConnell
will not bring it up even for a debate
eight young students led by Allen
dibinsky went to McConnell's office and
learned a valuable lesson about American
democracy sometimes there's a high price
for doing the right thing and they were
arrested they were arrested I'm sure it
was difficult but they stood for
students all across America who have
said enough is enough
stand up to the NRA we want these guns
out of our schools we want to save these
lives to me it doesn't get any more real
than what they did yeah yeah I
appreciate you as a senator a former
senator saying that because they were
doing civil disobedience taking a risk
havoc you know how excited I am to have
you here who's on your realist who's on
my realest realest list carotene
Harrison is on my realest list I wanted
to take it in the front direction cuz he
made this thing called Kanye man yeah he
used a whole bunch of Kanye's songs to
you know do the whole NC double-a
tournament and it went viral and it's
crazy and I have a person who invested
interest in it because I produced - a
Kanye songs recently you know real
friends and famous so listen so you're
behind famous are you rooting for famous
to make the case
is my real list is kate mckinnon who
made a lot of ways with the Batchelor
cold-open of SNL this weekend i'm trying
to be honest with you and tell you that
i can't commit to collusion right now
the more time that goes by you know the
more that I keep thinking about
obstruction this is amazing and it also
does something through comedy that's so
important which is as this joke mother
character she's reminding everyone you
can't commit to the end of the
investigation senator we don't know
where it's not for the first time sorry
Night Live now is actually leading some
of the national political debate it is
amazing how it's moving the political
culture every week yeah and everyone's
talking about the probe oh yeah I mean
you know the probe is one of those
things like it's like a like a soap
opera you know senator who else is on
you realist I heard it's an animal disk
well not exactly but Ellen DeGeneres
thank you so much in the middle of all
this national chaos and disgrace people
may have missed this but last year the
administration recommended allowing
again overriding President Obama to
bring in trophy animals in other words
the parts of elephants or other great
species in the United States Donald
Trump took a stand and he overruled it
and he banned it until last week when he
reversed himself I assume after meeting
with the NRA Ellen DeGeneres has brought
this into national focus he has made
this into a central issue the elephant
herds of Africa have been reduced by 75%
a hundred of these these intelligent
magnificent animals are butchered every
day by poachers to the extent we allow
that to happen in those animals he
brought in the United States
we're undermining our credibility and
stopping the poachers from killing them
Ellen well done
and and to have an administration go out
of its way on this side of the issue is
hard to relate to now the senator you
were elected official from New Jersey
you represented New Jersey I did yeah
and Havok you represented Queensbridge
so I gotta ask what's better to
represent I actually believe we produced
more music oh you think so I do I do
he's got the best rappers Whitney
Houston the four seasons Frank Sinatra
pretty tough list Run DMC Kuji nas I
think Queens Ridge wins really my
generation as a journalist I am biased
disclosing my bias the last thing on
music that I did want to ask you is many
people in the music industry and in the
community we're sad and of course by
your partner prodigies death
how are you also reflecting on that and
is there more music because we've heard
there there might be another bob deep
album yeah the way that I'm reflecting
on it is just trying to keep the legacy
alive you don't I mean we deserve that
and I'm actually currently working on
the new album in conjunction with the
family so it'll be out there pretty soon
before the end of the year and that'll
be a mob deep album gonna be a mile deep
table Wow
and your mixtape when does that come out
sir my mixtape is in production the
American Songbook representing New
Jersey representing Queensbridge both of
you and honor to have you here and
together thanks for being on the real
list on the be hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
