I wanna bring my panel and Philip Rucker
is the Washington bureau chief for The
Washington Post Matt Welsh
editor-at-large for reason a libertarian
monthly magazine and Eddie Glaude a
professor at Princeton University Philip
to you first
yes to arming teachers no to raising the
gun buying age I know the president
really enjoyed that listening tour
sounds like he's only listening to the
NRA yeah I think that's right Steph
remember in that February 28th meeting
that he had with lawmakers he he sort of
chastised fellow Republican senators
around the table were being beholden to
the NRA and saying he would have the
courage to stand up to the NRA but it
seems that he too is beholding to the
NRA because there's nothing in this plan
that the NRA would not approve and in
fact there's nothing in this plan that
does anything substantial to the
nation's gun laws he's basically punting
those decisions to the Betsy DeVos
Commission and to the states and so you
know a lot of gun control advocates and
Democratic lawmakers feel like he's
shirking leadership here at the national
level well the president is sticking to
his word remember he had said over and
over what great guys are in the NRA well
he's showing it with his position here
Matt Savannah Guthrie earlier today
pressed Betsy DeVos trying to get an
answer how come the age limit issue is
not part of this plan and here's what
she said everything is on the table and
the commission that is being formed of
which I will lead is going to be looking
at this issue along with a number of
other issues everything is on the table
everything is on the table and this
Commission will be studying it along
with many other issues and will be
forthcoming with solutions everything on
is on the table is fortunately not a
drinking game because if it was people
would be passed out before 9 a.m.
Betsy said that all morning long but
it's not everything is on the table yet
I look at the table and look at the plan
it's not in there it's it's worth
pointing out that the table actually
belongs to Congress and not the
president United States when it comes to
gun policy right the only thing the
president Trump has really
floated as an idea is banning signing an
executive order to ban bump stocks which
I think would be questionable legally
but that's the only thing that is in his
purview Congress if it wants to can
this and put it on his desk tomorrow
it's up to them it's not up to him so in
that case yes everything is on the table
if Congress decides to do that it is
also worth reiterating always whenever
you hear a federal Commission that
commissions are where ideas and policy
in Washington go to die
this is not going to produce I do not
think anything like legislation or
anything like action okay everything one
of the issues of everything being on the
table is everything is next-door
neighbors to nothing so Betsy DeVos went
on to say that arming teachers is
something that they want to explore but
you already have eight states that have
it so this is what the Commission is
leading with like what's the point if
states have the power to do it this is
enough
and you know as I was thinking about
this and Phil's piece in The Washington
Post he's just really great on this is
that Trump lied again he lied again the
meeting about about gun violence and in
the aftermath of parkland Department
shooting I was just simply theater and
what do we have as a response to it more
guns we sought out to control guns to
engage in a debate around gun control
and the answer is just simply an NRA
talking point of more guns and so - and
what's and in addition and I'm thinking
about this in addition the age limit not
being on the table the assault on the
the ban of assault weapons isn't on the
table and so here we have 17 of our
baby's dead and yet we cannot talk about
right getting these weapons of mass
destruction off the streets and out of
the hands of folks so he lied it was
theater again just like an immigration
just like that it was theater again and
he's just in the pocket he's talking
about people scared of the NRA he's just
in the pocket the NRA filled Betsy DeVos
is she the right person to lead this I
realize it's very hard to stand up for
the president it's hard in these
interviews when the president is the
king of unforced errors to try to talk
stormy Daniels his word choices his
language but Betsy DeVos sat down with
Leslie Stahl and whether we're talking
guns in schools or a basic understanding
of how the public school system works
even in her own
state of michigan where that's where she
gets a pat on the back for all that
she's done that see de Vos struggled to
put it nicely so is she the right person
to lead something this life-or-death
important well the White House staff is
trying to narrow the focus of sort of
the gun debate to just school safety and
I think that's one of the reasons why
they selected Betsy DeVos the Education
Secretary to head it up but there's no
doubt she is probably the most
polarizing cabinet member right now the
people in the education community just
hate her they really do it it's really
intense out there and her interview last
night on 60 minutes was very rough I
mean she could not get a handle on the
sort of basics of the nation school
system including in her home state of
Michigan now she's taking on the gun
issue we'll see if this goes anywhere
but I suspect the Commission's gonna
have a lot of meetings and not really do
much what do you think about that
exactly chair point they're going to
have this commission and it will result
to your point and nothing can that
actually happen when you have parents of
the Parkland kids who died when you have
students who aren't going away they're
not getting fatigues I'm looking at my
Facebook page and I see people I know
day in and day out saying March for our
lives March 24th I'm going to be there
there are parents who are now saying
this is my life's work
this commission might exist but if it
doesn't do anything these people aren't
going away and these kids might not all
be old enough to vote yet but they will
be next year in the year after and for
decades beyond that there's more than
300 million guns in America one in every
three households owns a gun the Second
Amendment has been recognized twice by
the supreme court as an individual right
so if you abolish the NRA to morrow this
would all still be true gun control
wouldn't ring out across the land we've
been going after the problem of safety
in schools visa vie guns since what 1990
this is the first time the gun-free
school zones act whatever it's called
was passed it's not an easy solution
it's not an easy fix and I think to
pretend that it is is a problem but
there are things that you can do in
address on an individualized basis I
think people tend to throw up their
hands and say we have to do it all and
in that process that's
to counter-attack from the NRA or
anybody else who's interested in the
Second Amendment as an individual right
if you go after individual things that
are doable that's when you can get
things done and that's what happened in
Florida with Governor Rick Scott for
example well are the kids going to get
something done today in the New York
Times the students the kids from
parkland now have a full-page ad in The
New York Times calling on businesses to
do more we saw a similar letter a few
weeks ago from heads of schools but if
you think about corporate America
businesses the consumer they care about
the consumer they worried are worried
about is argued particularly when we
look at the business model when we look
at growth in terms of gun sales it's not
really happening beyond those folks who
actually own guns now right we know that
it's flatlined particularly good for
about the younger of younger people
these folks are not only going to vote
they're going to be active they're going
to continue to push and press for
serious gun control and let's be clear
Donald Trump just let just Saturday
talked about drug policy and he said
these commissions do nothing they do
nothing to address we need to be tough
so but when it comes to actual gun
control we now find ourselves with the
Commission right talking about punting
okay they can punt but you know what
we're not going to forget it these kids
are not gonna forget it and I assure you
their mothers and fathers aren't hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
