now let's bring in live from Austin
Texas the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan
maricon is going to be the first British
politician to give an address at the
South by Southwest Conference when he
delivers his keynote speech later today
and if I understand correctly mr. mayor
you like me are a Liverpool fan and if
that is in fact the case I expect at
least half of your remarks they cover
the absolutely horrific officiating and
the man you match this past weekend well
morning Joe is an outrage and I think
serious questions gotta be honest about
that referee I always used the words
long-suffering before described myself
as a Liverpool fan because you and I
grew up on the glory days where our team
did so well but always embarrassed and
as the mayor of London and we have five
Premier League teams explaining that I
support Liverpool and you will know Joe
you can change your spouts you can
change your job you can change where you
live you don't change your you support
now you certainly doubt and chances are
good mr. mayor we may meet up in London
in early April when Liverpool actually
goes to Stamford Bridge and plays
Chelsea be very interesting to see you
and Stamford Bridge cheering for
Liverpool so tell us about South by
Southwest why you're why are you coming
to South by Southwest and what is your
message to everybody there into America
well I'm really excited to be here in
Austin a South by Southwest this is a
really important tech conference takes
place every year it's also a place where
politicians policymakers and the
representatives of the tech giants come
as well and they'll be number of things
obviously and of course buying the drum
for investment in London we're also
explaining that in my view I think
politicians and policymakers have
vacated the field when it comes to the
tech revolution taking place around us
social media platforms have been a
source of massive massive benefit and
good we use it to keep in touch with our
love
to keep in contact with friends to
access information and it's great but
actually what we've seen in the recent
past is social media being used to
incite hatred to spread fake information
allegations of interfering with
elections and I think what needs to
happen is that the tech companies have
got to realize they have a social
responsibility to make sure that are
amplifying messages of hate and if they
don't I'm afraid we'll have more of a
sort of regulation and legislation we
see in countries like Germany where they
brought in a law Joe where basically if
the social media companies they used as
a platform to have fake news or have
hate language and don't put it down
within 24 hours they have massive
massive fines and I think US politicians
need to have a conversation with the
social media companies and say you know
what you've got a responsibility you can
responsibility to bring people together
rather than dividing them right and of
course here in the United States over
50% of Americans have Facebook is their
primary news source so if fake news is
spreading around on Facebook and they
don't regulate that that actually is
very damaging to to an educated
electorate let me ask you about how you
and how the people of London and the
people of Britain are now coming to
terms with Donald Trump as president the
United States obviously a lot of people
in Britain as well as in America were
concerned when he he retweeted
pro-fascist videos from a British
radical party is there more of an
understanding that Congress and members
of his cabinet are actually more
mainstream than Donald Trump himself and
that there still are places that we can
work together as with this special
relationship absolutely I mean the
context is this I don't think you
appreciate how much Americans and
America are loved and appreciated oh
just in London and the UK but around the
world
you're a beacon of tolerance of
pluralism of Liberty we enjoy your music
your film your culture some of the
innovation taking place with the tech
giants what are the consequences of
having a special relationship it is very
similar to being best friends and when
you have a best friend
of course you stand shoulder to shoulder
with them in times of adversity they are
your closest ally you work closely
together on big issues but one of the
consequences of having a best friend is
when you disagree with them you've got
to call them out and say you know what I
think you're wrong here and the
relationship with the best friend is
different to the relationship with an
acquaintance or with a long distant
friend who you see infrequently and
we're in a no illusion but your
president doesn't speak for all
Americans many many Americans the people
I meet on a daily basis in London
businesspeople tourists as student those
who are artists and many many others
don't necessarily agree with the views
of your president and why would they in
a healthy democracy you'll always get
people who disagree with the winning
candidate I think the concern is this
though Joe but one of the reasons why we
have a special relationship it are a
common values and the things we believe
in people in the developing world people
in all parts of the world look to you as
a country for inspiration for leadership
and as somebody who loves America you
know I think I worry about the
perception people will have of your
great country because of some of the
things that your President may have
tweeted or sales we're all right mr.
mayor thank you so much for being with
us good luck in Austin Texas it's a
great town and let's hope Liverpool has
a good draw in the Champions League
thanks for being with us see you soon
and that we'll be back here on Morning
Joe in two minutes thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
