Daniel's text email do you have any
other information I don't we've
addressed this extensively and I don't
have anything else to add you said from
the podium you acknowledge that the
president if developing April's question
knows about the arbitration involving
stormy Daniels so does he remember
speaking with his lawyer about that does
he remember meeting Daniels back I've
addressed this extensively I don't have
anything else to add did the president
approve the payment that his personal
lawyer made to stormy Daniels yeah not
that I'm aware of but Michael Cohen the
attorney in question has addressed this
the White House has addressed Sarah
addressed it earlier this week and I
have nothing further dad did the
president reimburse Michael Cohen his
attorney for making that payment not to
my knowledge
again Michael Cohen has addressed this
matter extensively NBC News has learned
that Trump lawyer Michael Cohen used his
trump organization email just 13 days
before the election to discuss Payne
Daniels 130,000 dollars of what Cohen
says was his money
Cohen explained to ABC that he used his
Trump company email for both personal
and business matters and that the funds
were transferred from his home equity
line joining us now NBC News national
political reporter Heidi for isabela
media columnist for The New York Times
and contributed to the New York Times
Magazine Jim Ruttenberg law professor at
George Washington University Jonathan
Turley New York Times reporter Michael
Schmidt Jim let's start with you but
based upon a couple of those clips about
this interview that's already taking
place 60 minutes is it going to go on or
not well 60 minutes says it has no plans
to stop there was some speculation
yesterday that maybe Cohen the
president's lawyer would file some sort
of injunction and that would be like a
First Amendment clash of the highest
order so at this point all plans are all
systems are go Jonathan Turley could you
measure grade please Michael Cohen's
aptitude as a lawyer for sending out
these emails Trump organization within
Trump organization email well first of
all the use of the email is probably the
least of his problems I mean the most
the most challenging client that Michael
Cohen may have will
himself it's there's a very good chance
that he's gonna be subject in my view
just some form of review in terms of his
conduct in this matter he tripped wires
all over the place I mean if you go
through I have a column out today in USA
Today going through just five or six of
the ethical issues that are quite
problematic in terms of what he did
everything from using personal funds I
to the question of whether his client
knew about this agreement to whether the
client consented I mean there's even
questions about his shopping a book when
he's still doing representational issues
for the client and Michael Schmitt as
they approach legal Armageddon here how
many names are on the door of the law
firm representing Trump I mean is it Ty
Cobb
is it John I mean who is it who what's
going on here well the presidential has
his personal lawyers in John Dowd and
Jay Sekulow the question is about ty
Cobbs role he's the lawyer the White
House brought in last year to deal with
the Buller investigation we reported
over the weekend that the president has
engaged in discussions with a longtime
Washington lawyer named Emmett flood
flood had represented Clinton during
impeachment he represented Vice
President Cheney years later he's
someone that has a deep experience in
Washington and would be interested in
representing the president if things
were to sort of intensify and become a
different year you have to remember
about Ty Cobb he was in charge of the
document production to Muller he was
going through all of the emails the
notes those sort of things getting them
to the special counsel's office the
president's lawyers have insisted that
they've not exerted privilege on any of
those documents but the this would be a
new phase if flood came in the the
productions over and for you know
there's a new phase that the president
would go into with the investigation and
that's where flood would take the lead
and Michael this is not a new phase but
the President of the United States
denounced the report in The Times and
called out Maggie Haberman New York
Times report a spectacular reporter as
are you Michael Calder all by name as a
this is wrong this just is not wrong
the you know obviously you know the
president will say whatever he wants to
say when he doesn't like a story and he
didn't like the fact that this had come
out and he went you know he went after
Maggie you know in a fortunate way you
know she's the best that we have and I
think he knows that
so Heidi it's up to you now to try to
unpack all of this mess for us and
explain it a bit according to your
sources because when you tie this bundle
together and it's a bundle that's
wrapped each and every day it seems out
of the White House but you have reports
of the President of the United States
now feels completely unshackled from
John Kelly from from anything or anyone
in the White House who would try to
monitor his conduct and his behavior and
that he is literally a man alone
operated on foreign policy and maybe
even on legal policy well the question
now is how much of this is also driven
by the fact that like Michael reported
this investigation may be entering a new
phase this is White House all along and
the President himself even according to
our reporting seem to think and actually
believe that this investigation may be
wrapping up at the end of the year well
that didn't happen and now not only is
it not wrapping up but the new
information that's coming out for
information for example about this
meeting in Seychelles suggests that
there is a very strong thread there in
terms of the money but then also in
terms of the collusion aspect and now
that you see you have more and more
witnesses potentially cooperating with
this White House how much of the
president's temperament is being driven
in his decision-making for example on
these tariffs for example on the North
Korea meeting by a sense of panic
potentially in this White House to take
the headlines away from Russia to take
the headlines away from all of these
external stories like stormy Daniels Joe
talked a lot about that the other day
about potentially the the timing of the
president trying to shift attention from
these external controversies that are
swirling around him so Jim you sent the
30,000 feet and the scandal sounds like
it's um
that should really resonate you know the
sentence is the president's personal
attorney used his personal funds to
cover up this affair months after the
president's child was born with a
pornographic actress sounds like a big
deal but I don't get the sense that it's
resonating as such of a scandal in the
grassroots as much as it is in the White
House and in the media what is it that
this is White House fears will result
from this investigation into this into
this affair with this porn star because
they we do hear that they're getting
very nervous inside the White House but
it's it's more than just the narrative
is getting away from them right right I
mean by the way though the narrative is
getting away from them it's almost like
those Nor'easters that keep bashing the
East Coast it flares up it flares up but
the problem or the concern doesn't seem
to be so much about the politics of this
story as it is about the legalities once
you're in to a court situation and
stormy Daniels is bringing a lawsuit
then you get exposure who knew what when
are the key questions that go into her
suit so she's trying to get out of her
suit Michael Cohen is saying Donald
Trump really didn't have that much to do
with anything to do with the inking of
this deal the Trump Organization didn't
the campaign didn't well then is she
bound by it the flip side is if she is
bound by it then he maybe did he know
more than Cohen's letting on it exposes
a lot about money but the real issue is
the money where did the money come from
what track did it take what did the
president know about it was it
coordinated then you get into kind of
coordinated independent expenditures in
the campaign so what do you think it's
the worst case scenario here I think the
worst case scenario is that it that
Michael Cohen ends up having to be
deposed about this and it opens up new
fronts on the campaign finance side was
stormy Daniels paid off to be quiet
about an affair to benefit the
president's campaign then we have a
campaign finance issue so Jonathan
Turley from from the sounds of it just
listened to Jim here any encounter
between Bob Muller his people and the
President of the United States if one
were to occur it seemingly could last
for four weeks that given the amount of
questions but let's start with the fact
that there has been reported that the
White House is trying to make out a work
out a deal where
mauler would meet and sit with Trump
Trump would sit with mauler but only for
a specific period of time and they would
want to have a commitment that the
investigation would be closed shortly
after that meeting the odds of that
happening nil well that last parts the
problem and fairness of the White House
previous negotiations with presidents
have focus on that time frame to say you
know you've got a set amount of time you
got to get everything done in that
period I really don't see how the
Special Counsel could agree to even
informally to wrap up an investigation
as a condition for this type of sit down
part of the problem for the White House
is this is coming a bit late you know
really the molar matter has metastasized
I mean it you if you had done this early
he could have done the interview on the
collusion and and obstruction issues I
had a relatively limited and confined
interview I think you could prepare
Trump for that I've prepared clients for
depositions that were far more
challenging and you can do you could
certainly keep him between the
navigational beacons now you have the
sort of metastasis you know these cells
are broken away it's now going in the
cyst or me did you to the issue of the
store McDaniels payment the issues of
the the meetings and in with the
Russians the scope of the potential
interview is now much broader now molar
could agree to say look I'm willing to
sit down with you on the subjects that
you lay out but it's very doubtful that
he would limit himself to those subjects
and one possibility would be the White
House would say well how about if we do
this will we'll talk to you on the
original purposes of the investigation
collusion and obstruction and nothing
more more could cut that deal but it
would not limit Muller to come back
later and say I need to sit down with
you talk about these other issues
Michael is the lead for this block the
molar matter has metastasized now
according to your sources in the White
House what's the level of panic or chaos
within the White House that the Mulla
matter metastasizing has added to well
the president's
ADEs and associates went out of their
way this weekend to make it clear that
the idea of bringing in a new lawyer is
not showing that there is any more
concern that they have about the special
counsels investigation they think it's
still in the same place remember these
are the folks that thought it would be
over by the end of last year and it
still exists today but they've been
insisting that this is not a change in
posture and whatever the thing that I
wonder about is that the president had
long discussed the fact that if Muller
was looking into finance issues outside
of the Russia matter that that would be
a redline that that would be something
that he would say that Muller should not
do and it's clear from some of this
reporting about money that came from the
Gulf states that Muller is looking at
issues that may be beyond Russia so I'd
be very interested to know what the
president really thinks about that and
how closely they're looking at it and
how concerned they are well it could be
the Donald Trump's red line over the
Muller investigation similar to Barack
Obama's red line in Syria it will be
crossed Jonathan Turley Jim Ruttenberg
Michael Schmitt thanks all we appreciate
it now this was the tease you probably
didn't hear a minute ago when Joe's
camera froze up but because the guys who
write part of this program liked it so
much they wanted to be sure we got it in
again so what may be the 2018 version of
the Sarah Palin Katie Couric interview
only this time the players are Education
Secretary Betsy DeVos and Lesley Stahl
there you go Morning Joe we'll be right
back thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
