you know how easy remember I used to say
how easy it is to be presidential but
you don't be out of here right now but
you'd be so bored because I could stand
out right
a very presidential ladies and gentlemen
thank you for being here tonight
Rick ciccone will be a great great
congressman he will help me very much
and then you go god bless you and God
bless the United States of America thank
you very much
easy that's much easier than doing what
I have to do yeah I don't know I don't
know Matt maybe after you talked to Bob
Muller you won't think it's quite so
easy that's president Trump stopping for
a candidate that he reportedly trashes
in private he's doubling down on
everything on all of these head-spinning
policy decisions he's doubling down on
his attacks against the media he's
doubling down on his attacks against
Hillary Clinton he's doubling down on
his inflated margins of victory in 2016
in short just another day at the office
good morning and welcome to morning Joe
it's Monday March the 12th with us
we've got veteran columnist and MSNBC
contributor Mike Barnicle
associate editor of commentary magazine
noah rothman columnist and associate
editor for The Washington Post David
Ignatius also NBC News national
political reporter Heidi Prez Bella will
be with us shortly and mica is out she
is feeling a bit under the weather you
know there's so much to talk about but
David Ignotus I think the takeaway from
this speech is that there was Donald
Trump's worst instincts coming out the
very things that concern me the most
that I don't think concern a lot of
people in Middle America but it's the
trashing of constitutional norm spell so
in this speech specifically you had him
attacking a member of the media by name
encouraging the meeting together the
audience to boo that member of the media
and then you had him praising dictators
and actually discouraging this crowd
that he just encouraged to boo a member
of the Free Press discouraging them from
booing kim jeong-hoon it was vintage
Donald Trump Joe I thought he was almost
trashing the traditional role of
president in that little clip that we
saw making fun of the orderly conduct of
or the dignity and behavior that we
associated with the president United
States likening that to a lot Thomas on
marching around like a penguin but no
with booth Donald Trump you got
something different well what do you
have you you've cited some some of some
of the points you have inflammatory kind
of rabble-rousing we used to say
speeches you have a tax on the media
which I think are getting are getting
should really worry people he's Direct
off-color attacks on members of the
media and you have a president who's
decided that the things that people
criticize that are seen as destabilizing
is upsetting the system are the things
that heat prizes that's what he wants to
do so as you're right he is he is
doubling down he's saying this is the
kind of president that I want to be
we'll see if he loses this race tomorrow
in Pennsylvania and the the political
tide away from him and continues I think
it'll make it harder for him to be that
two-state destabilizing disrupter but we
sure saw it on this play in this speech
we certainly did and that's what the
president was in western Pennsylvania
for there's a special election tomorrow
in Pennsylvania 18 it is a seat just in
case you haven't kept up with it that
the Republicans always win by 15 20
points Donald Trump wanted by almost 20
points just a year ago year and a half
ago and the last Republican to run
actually I believe he was unopposed but
usually wins by 20 percentage points
this I mean paint this district red all
the time but right now once again we
have a Republican who should easily be
coasting to victory in big trouble
here's more from the president's rally
for Rick's account President Xi
president for life
I was joking and I said ha president for
life that sounds good maybe we're gonna
have to try
but I'm joking but I'm joking
South Korea came to my office after
having gone to North Korea and seeing
Kim jong-un and no it's very positive
now after the meeting you may do that
but now we have to be very nice because
let's see what happens that Washington
DC I got a lot of evil there but we're
getting it out step by step a lot of
evil a lot of bad people a lot of bad
people out of fake media look at him
fake fake media it's 1999
I'm on Meet the Press a show now headed
by sleepy eyes Chuck Todd he's a
sleeping son of a bitch I'll tell you
you know he likes to put names on people
he did that through the entire
presidential election including all the
Republicans that he beat so the these
are these are campaign rally issues this
is something that that is at a campaign
rally and the president likes making
funny names if we're to dismiss
everything he says at a campaign rally
is I think you're trying to imply then
are you saying we should oh you're here
you're putting words in my mouth I
wasn't in any way saying you should
dismiss that whatsoever and you should
obviously carry them because these are
important moments for the president and
this is news what I'm trying to say is
I'm focused on the policies well you
know the president likes funny names
Mike Barnicle
he actually talked about the fake media
he get people booing the booing is
getting stronger by the day whenever he
goes out there and whips up like it's a
Mussolini rally yes that's what I said
it certainly there is nothing American
about what Donald Trump did in
Pennsylvania when he tries to turn an
entire audience whether it's against
Katy tur or whether it's against Chuck
Todd or you know this weekend he went
after Maggie Haberman but when you're in
an rallies like that and you whip your
supporters into a frenzy
there are real-life consequences to that
threats follow often death threats and
that is actually Mike unfortunately
that's exactly what he wants well Joe I
mean his constant attacks over many many
months and days including many many
months and days as president of United
States they've worked they've had an
impact on this country they've had an
impact on people they've changed the way
people think about the news that they
read or the news that they see that's
that's one thing that
certainly happen but in that clip that
we just showed he was talking about
Washington DC when he said there's lots
of evil in Washington DC lots of bad
people and the President of the United
States has injected successfully a slow
poison into the culture of this country
I don't know what the impact is gonna be
years down the road but I do know that
one of the things we ought to be worried
about is the damage that he has already
done to the presidency and we should be
worried about how lasting is it and can
it be repaired yeah when he said you
know I could be presidential just look
at me be presidential because sort of
mocking as David said presidential
behavior he's saying you know impulse
control is easy I could do that well I'd
love to see some impulse control just to
demonstrate that it's gait that you're
capable of it he's in Pennsylvania now
speaking to this audience because of his
lack of impulse control the reason why
this is a competitive race and the
reason why we're likely to see some
Democratic victories in November is
because of Donald Trump's not because of
the economy the economy's humming it's
got room to run it's not because of
foreign policy we there's some troubles
abroad but we don't have a lot of bodies
coming home of American soldiers and
that's why people vote on a foreign
policy election this is a values
election
it's a referendum on Donald Trump and
his behavior and behavior like that is
precisely why voters are going to head
to the polls more energized for the
Democrats than they are for Republicans
to register their dissatisfaction with
this president no you're exactly right
and i sat there looking at the rally and
looking at the clips of the rally and
was thinking the same thing that again
Donald Trump always rightly accuses the
media of being in a bubble but nobody's
in a bigger bubble didn't Donald Trump
because he goes to these rallies where
he finds people who like him and he
speaks to that 33% but everything he did
in that speech offended educated
suburban voters in the Pittsburgh
suburbs that are going to be voting in
this election a lot of what he did
offended a
of women as he does every one of the
speeches offends a lot of women there
was a New York Times article yesterday
talking about how Trump supporters
falling among evangelical women
significantly 13% over a short time
period all of the all of the
rabble-rousing that David was talking
about Noah it gets him big cheers he
used to like to brag that he was you
know the biggest show on earth that
didn't carry around a guitar or play a
piano often likened himself to Elton
John and these venues and he's getting
that feedback but you're exactly right
he is the one that is helping elect
people like Connor Lam or keeping races
close in Pennsylvania 18 the Republicans
should have locked up weeks ago and you
mentioned the coalition movement which
is really key here he's definitely
courting this white working-class base
that helped propel him to victory in
2016 but the reciprocal side of that is
that college-educated voters women etc
in the suburbs are moving away from
Republicans moving away from Donald
Trump this is only going to exacerbate
that tension and it's one of those
things that you would like to see
Republicans who are interested in
electoral victories start to say well
look this is a bad deal we are already
sort of still in thrall to this 2016
myth about Donald Trump's coalition
there's nobody saw it coming but after
November if they really get hit at the
polls hard that 33 38 percent whatever
it is is going to start to look a lot
more like 38 percent and it's not going
to be that the the tiger that we make it
out to be
thank you so much for you the most
relevant about this myth there has been
this myth around Donald Trump since he
got elected in November and the myth has
grown that somehow everything that he
did worked perfectly and somehow that's
going to work in the future I've said it
a thousand times what happened in 2016
happened was a fluke
even Donald Trump himself told me one
time he could have had the election 20
times
and that is a one day that he would have
won and it's it's insane he's focused on
one demographic white working-class
voters he's offending a lot of other
demographics that he needs to win
elections and he is doing exactly the
opposite of what we were criticizing
Hillary Clinton of doing last fall in
the home stretch where she was ignoring
white working-class voters you've got to
have the entire coalition and if if
you're helping white working-class
voters but you're losing
college-educated Republicans you're
losing Republican women you're starting
to lose Republican evangelicals you
certainly won't have them vote for
Hillary Clinton over you but you will
keep them home in midterm elections then
you really are sealing your own fate
let's thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
