your steel is coming back your steel is
coming back those plants are going to be
opening and what we've done with the 25%
tariffs for those guys that come in and
dump this steel all over the place and
by the way it's not good steel you guys
know what I mean
it's crap but your steel is coming back
it's all coming back Donald Trump is
really proud of his tariffs which pretty
much no one else wanted except for this
guy trade hardliner and White House
advisor Peter Navarro and now with Gary
Cohn out as chief economic adviser Trump
is reportedly considering giving Navarro
his job so who is Peter Navarro and just
how scary is the idea of him running US
economic policy well just check out his
last appearance on am joy come on show
mm-hmm I have one rule mm-hmm
that's our policy okay matter what you
say I will talk policy and I want to
encourage you I have this yeah that's
great if you want me to talk policy
which is very you know and intelligent
think we'd want to do don't you wish
your candidate would talk policy here's
uh here's the yes or no question do you
think your candidate here's the hash tag
Trump policy challenge okay 100 bucks to
anybody on the set of envy and this NBC
they can get through a segment without
pivoting to other stuff than policy you
made a choice you made a choice right to
listen to in the last few minutes out
and instead of going to NAFTA
immigration new ships for the Navy right
well throat Amina how is Arthur Laffer
former Reagan economic adviser Korean
Jean Pierre senior advisor at moveon.org
and back with us are dana Milbank and
ejt own and some of you guys were
actually at that table or a part of it
in korean you were at the table for that
interesting conversation attempted
conversation with Peter Navarro
how surprised are you and how concerned
are you that he may soon be running
American economic policy so first of all
joy I had no idea who he was before we
did that panel I had I really didn't
know who Peter Navarro was and clearly
after that performance you learned that
he's like a prickly you know cartoon
character who's condescending arrogant
and clearly wants to push agenda and
policy that will take this country back
decades upon decades so that's what I
learned from him but I actually didn't
know who he was and it was it was one of
those things joy where it was shocking
that it was happening but at the same
time when you really deep down think
about it you're like oh yeah
of course he's a trump you know
supporter of course he's talking like
this of course he's condescending of
course he's offering a hundred bucks and
it was - you handled it really well
exactly it's like you handled him
wonderfully and made sure that we never
had to see him again on MSNBC so thank
you yeah he was disinvited for the next
segment just spoiler alert I wonder if
Peter Navarro is a respected figure in
terms of conservative economists because
he doesn't seem to be all that well
known even outside of our world of
talking politics yeah he is not very
well known that's for sure but in
California he is well known he ran for
the mayor of San Diego I think he ran
for Congress there he's a professor in
Irvine so he's well known in California
but not nationally that's true and and
he's covered the range on trade I mean
he's wrote a book I think in the 90s
that was all free trade and now he has
specialized in this other area but you
know I know him not well but I know him
peripherally and he seems like a very
pleasant nice person to me
I saw that segment that was quite
something there please I don't think any
other panelists at firstly I don't think
you would do that our day you know
you're there that day as well
EJ the some of the things people are
writing about Peter Navarro and his
views The Associated Press quotes
Stephen Moore who's also a free trader
but who's completely a trump supporter
says that he and Trump
Navaro and Trump agree on an America
first policy when it comes to trade and
other issues so he's emerged as a policy
forth in this administration
other than him being able to impress
Donald Trump on TV I'm not sure what
that means about his actual policy views
he himself said that this is the
president's vision and so my function
really as an is as an economist is to
provide the underlying and now analytics
that confirm his intuition and by the
way his intuition is always right oh oh
go ahead all right yeah let me just say
that what I hope they're talking about
and what I think they are is looking at
the trade detail the trade agreements in
detail I was very involved with TPP and
if you look at that that deal is very
poorly constructed I mean all the major
protectionist issues have been taken off
the table we have non-tariff barriers in
Japan were taken off the table currency
manipulation wasn't what I would love to
see is I'd like to see these deals
rewritten to make them truly free trade
and truly balanced across the board and
I hope that's what they're talking about
as well ceded to art on that because AI
was trying to be polite and be because I
still cringe watching that moment I'm
not shell-shocked that much on TV but
after all it's time but that one really
got to me and here's what I think I
think Trump loves it when people behave
that way
toward his opponents and that works in
his favor but I think there are enough
people around Trump will say look you
are the only guy who is supposed to
behave that way
this guy will not sell any of your ideas
very effectively and I think a problem
with Peter tomorrow is has mr. lavra
point out he's flip-flopped from a kind
of libertarian position to this new
America first position and so you just
wonder will even Donald Trump realize
this isn't the best way to defend my
policies yes well it's interesting Dana
because you've got you know Donald Trump
tweeting you know from Bush 1 to present
our country's lost more than 555
thousand factories 6 million
manufacturing jobs and accumulated trade
deficits of more than 12
trillion dollars last year we had a
trade deficit of almost 800 billion
dollars that he was president I believe
at the time bad policies and leadership
must win again Donald we are out of TPP
but TPP still exists it's just China is
running in and we're just not involved
Donald Trump has sort of wrecked our
international trade agreements with
nothing to replace it and have you heard
maybe you're in we're in Washington I'm
not have you heard some genius policy to
bring back 1950s era manufacturing coal
and steel out of this White House well
dry I want to go on the record offering
you $100 a hundred bucks you can come up
with any reality based evidence
justifying anything
Peter Navarro is proposing right now
look I mean you have Trump saying steel
jobs are coming back that that's a
justification for doing this and it's so
outlandish I mean even in the unlikely
event a steel a new steel plant were
built because of this the reason there
have been losing steel jobs over this
time is because technology has made the
industry so much more productive there
hasn't really been a surge in imports
over decades it's it's fundamentally
other things going on in the business so
this may sound good when you're in Moon
Township it may give people who have
lost their jobs in steel and coal and
manufacturing a good feeling to say
let's blame the foreigners it's just not
what's happening so when you go and
attack the foreigners yes you'll make
steel more expensive but steel jobs
aren't coming back
yeah and and really quickly to last
words you aren't it isn't it that the
case where Donald Trump cannot bring
back the early twentieth century economy
and meanwhile he is triggering
retaliatory tariffs on our goods on our
steel and aluminum exports that are only
gonna hurt the economy in the u.s.
including in those states where people
voted for him yeah let me just say two
things one is he has exempted a number
of countries from the steel tariffs that
he is there meaning he would which makes
the tear up much less impactful and to
my way of thinking much less harmful the
point I think I'd like to make though
and I'm from Youngstown Ohio I was born
there and I'm a steel family all the way
is Ohio's economic policies make
production in Ohio terrible Michigan
Illinois all of those states if you come
to my new home state Tennessee we're
flourishing here because we have no
income tax
we have rapid economic growth we have a
surplus in our budget it really is to a
large extent the regulatory anti growth
policies of states that have really
caused a lot of the traditional steel
areas to be disastrously impacted and
and there's no curing that without going
to the states themselves I knew you get
to taxes art yeah we get I should have
offered $100 for the first dana Milbank
thank you guys karina DJ it will be back
and coming up thank you immigrants
rights activists are being targeted for
deportation more on that next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
