the Seychelles an East African
archipelago consisting of 115 islands in
the Indian Ocean is known for its
pristine beaches and indigenous species
of black parrot and now as a place of
interest to Bob Muller in his
investigation of Donald Trump's ties to
Russia we already knew that last April
unnamed sources told The Washington Post
that the Seychelles was the location of
a mysterious January 2017 meeting
brokered by the United Arab Emirates
between a Russian closed about Vladimir
Putin and Blackwater founder and Trump
adviser Eric Prince
according to those sources the meeting
was an attempt to establish a secret
back channel between Trump and Moscow
but now Muller has confirmation directly
from someone who was there Jorge nadir
an American businessman who is also an
adviser to the UAE and organized the
Seychelles meeting he testified last
week before mullahs grand jury he's
telling Muller everything he knows
including confirmation that yes the
purpose of the meeting was to covertly
connect the Kremlin and the incoming
Trump administration join our MSNBC
contributor Malcom Nance MSNBC
intelligence analyst Naveed jamali and
journalist and scholar of authoritarian
state Sarah Kinsey or Malcolm Nance
we now have confirmation from mr. nadir
who was there that he did arrange us
back tell me just a little intriguing
bit from the New York Times at March 6
story mr. nadir was first served with
search warrants and a grand jury
subpoena on January 17 shortly after
landing at Washington's Dulles
International Airport according to two
people familiar with the episode he had
intended to travel on tomorrow Lago mr.
Trump's Florida State to celebrate the
president's first year in office but the
FBI had other plans questioning him for
more than two hours and seizing his
electronics what in your view could mr.
Nader be giving up on Donald Trump well
you know I think this particular story
in George Nader's role in it is going to
be one of the bridges of where Russia
was directly not just communicating you
don't establish a back channel that goes
through shaykh muhammad who is the crown
prince of the United Arab Emirates
and meet down in the Seychelles with
Oleg Deripaska who is a oligarch just to
shake hands and have a beer for 30
minutes like Erik Prince said this has
to be something much deeper than
communications and more than likely it's
going to involve money whether it was an
illicit money transfer or some other
form where numeration that was going to
happen and had to be coordinated through
a third party to the campaign
interesting point this is also something
that sort of gets around US intelligence
the United Arab Emirates is an ally Erik
Prince even though he's involved in the
UAE lives there I know I lived near him
when I lived there but I think that they
thought that they could get a
methodology where money could flow
through allies and would not be
identified through the traditional
banking routes it has to be money and
you know it's interesting and by the way
Barrack Prince is the brother of Betsy
DeVos who was rewarded with the job of
Secretary of Education on a Donald Trump
not saying that those two things are
connected but some information that you
should know and to be the other question
that this all begs is why would you need
to establish a back-channel if the
administration was incoming shortly they
would actually be the administration you
could establish a front Channel so why
would they do it I mean it doesn't seem
that there's an innocent explanation for
that
that's exactly right there is not an
innocent explanation it's important to
remember the context of which this
January meeting occurred occurred almost
a month after the infamous meeting
between Flynn Kushner and Kiss lyac and
the CEO of this VEB Bank this Russian
bank that's been sanctioned in New York
with the purported reason to set up a
back-channel also which then of course
becomes the motive or the meeting for
the January meeting with with Prince so
it seems to me joy that if I'm the
Russians that I'm looking at this
starting back in June with the Trump
Tower meeting and with a dangle of
Russian opposition or Hillary Clinton
opposition research which Kushner walked
out of and then you know to come back to
this back-channel with this idea of
meeting I think Malcolm is is absolutely
right that there is the Russians realize
very quickly that this is a team a
circle of people is motivated by money
and money is going to be the key
the key to get into the circle and I
think that's exactly what was happening
is that I mean Malcom hit this
completely straight on the on the head
here this was clearly a meeting to set
up a covert line of communications with
the with the auspices of potentially
giving money of some sort to you know to
prince or to someone else but that seems
to be the common denominator of all
these meetings and need and greed we've
talked about this now for what 1819
months if these are the things that
allegedly motivate people to do business
and dark deals with people like the
Kremlin and Sarah you have we've now
mentioned Kushner Hindi is said to have
discussed having a secret back channel
to talk to Russia you also have in the
Washington Post a mate twenty six twenty
seventeen story that the Russian
ambassador told Moscow told his bosses
back at the Kremlin that Kushner wanted
secret a secret communication channel
with the Kremlin and this again as was
just mentioned was a meeting also
attended by Michael Flynn who's also
talking your thoughts Sarah I mean I'm
very frustrated that as you mentioned
earlier we've known about this for year
the story was broken by The Washington
Post about Erik Prince we've known about
Kushner and his security violations for
a long time and so while I feel like
it's good obviously that molar is
clamping down in the investigation and
that you know there are witnesses coming
forward I'm wondering what's been going
on for the last year because these are
people Kushner Erik friends who's not
officially in the administration
obviously Flint who are not acting on
behalf of the interest of the American
public they are acting in their
self-interest or on the behalf of the
Kremlin and they've been doing this not
just back in 2016 not just before Trump
came into office but while he's been in
office and I feel like as this story
breaks they're going to be more and more
details that are going to horrify us
about the debts that this goes that I do
agree that the primary motive is
financial but that doesn't stop it from
being an assault on our democracy and
you know the problem with an autocratic
kleptocratic administration like this is
the longer that they stay in the more
they're able to manipulate the law
they're more they're able to rewrite the
law and to lie about it with impunity
into fire investigators and so I am
concerned I hope it's not too late I'm
glad that they're doing with what
they're doing but we should think not
just about 2016 but about you know the
last 15 months yeah indeed you know I
didn't lightning around earlier with our
legal panel about who they would if they
were the prosecutor indict next in order
to crack open this Russia Gate case I
will ask each of you as an intelligence
matter who would be the next person that
you would want to put in a room and
question
Malcolm Nance oh that's an excellent
question if I had to put anybody in the
room I mean you know with the full power
yeah of the special prosecutor it would
be Erik Prince you know it's not just
that he doesn't know far√≠as deals all
around it's just that he wants to be a
power player throughout the world and
and I've seen Eric do these things you
know he he moves and shakes along with
the high-level people the reason he is
so accepted in the United Arab Emirates
is they like the Blackwater bad-boy
image there and so they use him they use
guys like that to get the high-level
conservatives can I make one okay one
quick point here joy you know the Crown
Prince flew to the United States in
December 2015 and that was one of the
reasons that the Obama administration
got tape you know queued in on this
these people are doing face-to-face
meetings because they don't want US
intelligence to find out Wow okay very
quickly into Vijay Mallya who would you
want to put in a room Jared Kushner just
because I can't stand the dude
yeah I'd put Trump in the room because
Trump can't keep his mouth shut that's
why it's not having press a good answer
lurks out the whole flock so yeah Trump
and lead voice thank you to our all-star
Russia gate panel Malcom Nance Naveed
Jamali Sarah Kinsey or friends thank you
guys very much and coming up at the top
of the hour new details about Donald
from surprise decision to meet with the
leader of North Korea and up next on am
joy the fight to turn the reddest state
blue
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
