is there anything more Trump than this
agreement to meet with Kim jong-un and
how it made the president's top foreign
policy adviser looked totally signed
line on a top matter of foreign policy
or how other advisors receiving Lee
totally caught off guard as well is
there anything more Trump than this I
alone can fix it attitude the president
has about something so complicated or
other White House today seemingly
started to lay the groundwork to walk it
back we are making no concessions and we
are not going to move forward until we
see concrete and verified actions taking
place by North Korea is there a
possibility that these North Korea may
not happen look they've got to follow
through on the promises that they've
made and we want to see concrete and
verifiable action on that front that was
at one time earlier this afternoon but
is there anything more Trump than how a
White House official then backtrack the
walk back telling the Wall Street
Journal that the invitation to me with
Kim jong-un was quote extended and
accepted and that stands period could
there be anything more Trump than all of
this well that depends is there anything
more Trump than the way he rolled out
yesterday's announcement on tariffs and
how it made his top economic adviser
quit after looking totally sidelines on
a top matter of economic policy or how
his White House staff was seemingly
caught off guard as well or this I alone
can fix it attitude the president has
about something so complicated you see a
pattern here could there be anything
more Trump than all of that well of
course that depends is there anything
more Trump than this stormy Daniels
story the tabloid style allegations
evolving an extra mineral affair with a
porn star 130 grand in secret hush money
and a temporary restraining order could
there be anything more Trump than that
well that depends is there anything more
Trump than the nationally televised
meltdown of his former advisors Sam Nunn
Berg who called Trump an idiot dared
Muller to send him to jail loudly
promised to rip up a subpoena but then
quietly complied with it today by
appearing before a grand jury well that
depends is there anything more Trump
then all of these stories happening in
the same week folks this is the Trump
presidency this is normal for Trump a
Monday meltdown a Tuesday resignation a
public spat with a porn star on
Wednesday threat
of a trade war on Thursday and an
agreement to meet with Kim Jong on that
we're all talking about on Friday and
after a week like this you might ask it
this is the Trump presidency but after a
week like this you've got your answer
and you might also ask what does Trump
think of such a Trump II week
well after a week like this you probably
know that answer he loves it
why it's all about Trump hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
