and we have new developments now in that
growing scandal surrounding President
Trump and his legal battle with porn
stars stormy Daniels NBC News has
learned the president's personal lawyer
Michael Kohn used his trump organization
email while arranging to transfer money
into an account at a New York City Bank
before he wired $130,000 in hush money
to Daniels NBC chief legal correspondent
REM elber joins me now
ari what is the legal implication of
this the legal implication and this is a
very interesting report here from our
colleagues at NBC news is that this
documentation further goes towards the
argument the belief that Donald Trump's
lawyer was acting in his official
capacity working for Donald Trump and
the Trump Organization this is the email
you see on the screen obtained by NBC
News and if if you buy that argument
that's bad news for Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump who both have been
effectively putting out the argument
that this was some sort of rogue
operation that didn't involve Donald
Trump and it certainly undercuts
whatever whatever Sarah Sanders had been
trying to say in artfully or whatever
the other day
joining us now also is stormy Daniels
attorney Michael avenatti mr. avenatti
thank you very much for being with us
today so how does this bolster your case
against against Michael cone and
ultimately the president
Aundre thanks for having me I think this
development is significant because it
shows that at all times during the
communication process relating to the
negotiation surrounding this hush
payment that mr. Cohen was utilizing his
Trump organization email in those
communications not just when
communicating with mr. Davidson this
clifford's attorney at the time but also
internally when he was communicating
with the bank about this specific issue
of transferring the money they say
always follow the money and this goes
directly to following the money to show
exactly where this money came from so we
think it's a substantial development
and where do we now think the money did
come from now that you've got the emails
about the bank transfers well I think
we're one step closer to showing that
this was not personal funds that were
never reimbursed to mr. Cohen
quite honestly just to be clear because
they were I think there may have been a
double negative in there where do you
think the money came from do you think
it came out remotely from Michael Cohn's
personal money or did it come from Trump
organization money or did it come off
ultimately from Donald Trump we believe
that ultimately we're going to be able
to trace this back in one form or
another to a payment from the Trump
Organization or from a surrogate for mr.
Trump and what would be the significance
if at all legally in terms of either the
Special Counsel Robert Muller or any
other you know issue of campaign funds
well I'm not an expert on campaign
finance but I think it could pose a
serious problem for the administration
serious problem for the president a
serious problem for Michael Cohen
relating to the source of these funds
and where they came from we're gonna let
people that are far more educated than I
on campaign finance ultimately conclude
as to whether this was legal or not
legal but I think what's important about
this is that attorney Cohen and the
president the administration have made
definitive statements that mr. Trump who
knew nothing about the negotiation knew
nothing about the payment knew nothing
about the efforts to silence my client
and you know again with each passing day
that becomes more and more outrageous
and more and more absurd they're not
shooting straight with the American
people it's that simple
I remember do you have a question you
want to jump in here well if you have an
a/d Thank You Andrea I mean I think
what's so significant about the way this
story continues to unfold is obviously
from what we've already learned the
Trump administration has not been honest
has not been forthright about what's
going on and as with every other story
and scandal that raises the question of
what they're covering up
what they're hiding to Mike my question
for for mr. abinanti here would be when
Michael Cohen uses lawyerly language to
say that he facilitated that payment
what does that say to you and have your
negotiations involved any clues as to
what their ultimate endgame is does your
client fare better if mr. Cohen is able
to ultimately keep secret the original
source of the funds I don't know that it
has a huge bearing on the as it relates
to legal case from my client but as it
relates to the word facilitated I too
find that word to be very very curious
why not just come out and say I paid it
the use of the word facilitate suggests
to me based on my legal experience that
and in common sense quite honestly that
he was a go-between between two parties
he facilitated a payment between his
client mr. Trump and my client miss
Clifford otherwise known as miss Daniels
I mean that would be the proper context
in which to use the word facilitate as
opposed to simply saying I paid it
Andrea one other thought please one
other thought for the lawyer here is
there has been a lot of talk about
arbitration in court based on what's
happened thus far is your view that mr.
Trump and mr. Cohen here are welcome
going to court to get this result or
basically doing things to try to stay
out of open court well I think it's
crystal clear that they're doing
everything in their power to keep this
out of court and what does that mean
that means hidden from the American
people that's what they want to do they
want to adjudicate this have it decided
in private in a conference room behind
closed doors so no one knows the truth
that's what this is geared towards it is
geared towards hiding the truth and
that's why we believe we want to be in
an open court in a courthouse that's
owned by the people so that the people
can learn everything about this the
people can make their own determinations
as to who's telling the truth and who's
not telling the truth
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list
see lots of other great videos
