so good to have everybody on board this
yeah so Willie's a deflection of course
it's a deflection Willie stormy well yes
of course not from the nor'easter but
Willie look just let's look back at this
week you had Donald Trump enraged by
some events earlier the leaving of hopes
you know hope Hicks's announcement that
she was leaving a testimony that didn't
go so well the house Intel committee
several other things crashing at the
same time and the news reports were out
of the White House if the president was
angry and so he just struck out and
decided to push tariffs and he did it
without talking to any of his economic
advisors he lost his most able economic
advisor Gary Cohen and then fast forward
a couple of days and the president is
consumed in the story of a payoff to a
porn star which now we're hearing he was
angry at his press secretary for
mistakenly Taylor mistakenly telling the
truth and suddenly you have the foreign
policy community shocked and caught off
guard by the most significant
announcement a commander-in-chief could
make in 2018 so tariffs and North Korea
all the distract from a president that
didn't go through the proper channels
are used the proper interagency process
at once well that's exactly right on
both tariffs and this this stunning
North Korea announcement it appears to
have done in a pretty ad hoc manner when
you have the Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson that we just played they're
traveling in Ethiopia saying quote we're
a long way off from even the idea of any
talks of North Korea and then a couple
of hours later the announcement at the
White House by a South Korean official
and confirmed by the White House that
the president would meet with North
Korea look I mean I sort of take the Ted
Cruz view what she said on this show a
couple of days ago which is that the
president's first comments are kind of
an opening bid now he followed through
on the tariffs we saw those yesterday
with some caveats
it remains to be seen I think and Andrea
probably has better insight on this than
me whether or not this meeting face to
face with the leader of North Korea and
the president I'd say actually will come
to pass or whether it's some peace and a
larger negotiation with that country
over its nuclear weapons or again a
distraction to change the headlines from
stormy Daniels yes yeah that's to North
Korea today but why don't we start with
major develops let's get to the details
of this major developments and the
crisis with North Korea
president Trump accepting kim jong un's
invitation to meet in person the
groundbreaking news comes after south
korea's national security adviser
briefed President Trump national
security adviser HR McMaster and other
top officials about a recent meeting he
and other top South Korean officials had
earlier this week with Kim jong-un in
Pyongyang speaking outside the White
House last night Chung said he expressed
his and South Korean president moon
jae-in's quote personal gratitude for
president Trump's leadership which
brought us to this juncture before going
into details of the meeting I told
presidents president top in our meeting
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's that
he is committed to Teague chlorination
kim pledged that north korea will
refrain from any photo nuclear or
missile tests he understands that the
routine joint military exercises between
the Republic of Korea and the United
States must continue
then he expressed his eagerness to meet
President Trump as soon as possible
president top appreciated the briefing
and said he would meet Kim Jang I'm a to
achieve prominent Hindu polarization
Chung also said that it's important not
to repeat the mistakes of the past
referee referencing North Korea's
notorious history of offering to give up
its nuclear weapons before ultimately
breaking that promise adding that until
quote North Korea matches its words with
concrete actions the maximum pressure
campaign will continue in a statement
the White House says quote President
Trump greatly appreciates the nice words
of the South Korean delegation and
president moon he will accept the
invitation to meet with Kim jong-un at a
place in time to be determined we look
forward to the denuclearization of North
Korea in the meantime all sanctions and
maximum pressure must retain and a
senior administration official later
said that the meeting will happen quote
in a matter of a couple of months Trump
also later tweeted quote kim jeong-hoon
talked about denuclearization with the
South Korean representatives not just a
freeze also no missile testing by North
Korea during this period of time great
progress being made but sanctions will
remain until an agreement is reached
meeting being planned all right Andrea
we've heard that a lot of people were
kept in the dark here a Rex Tillerson
obviously saying what he did earlier the
Pentagon saying last night they were
caught off guard what can you tell us
about how this developed and who knew
what and when did they know it well
clearly the State Department was very
much out of the loop that this was in
fact according to a lot of people we
talked to last night an audible that the
president called during the meeting with
the South Koreans I think they were all
aware that there had been a lot of
progress the president teed that up on
Saturday night at the gridiron started
talking about it we knew that the North
Koreans and the South Koreans had had
their meeting but the fact that he would
decide to accept
on the spot the invitation foreign
meeting now they were leaks that there
was a letter in fact there was no letter
it was a verbal communication so they
were taking the word of the South Korean
foreign minister and we know that the
South Korean president has been very
forward-leaning and making some people
in the administration a little nervous
about how much he wanted this to happen
taking their word rather than having any
kind of a letter or document to parse to
have the intelligence experts analyze as
to how how committed Kim jong-un really
is Kim jong-un wants legitimacy he wants
a presidential meeting the questions
that people even those who've been
yearning for talks rather than all the
rhetoric and the insults the taunts the
nuclear button mine is bigger than yours
all of that which has been a real crisis
this has been a tinderbox rhetorically
at least threats of a pre-emptive
nuclear strike a bloody nose all of this
yes people wanted talks but even those
who really were yearning for talks think
that this is conferring legitimacy on
Kim Jong on without getting anything
even a promise to release three
Americans who are still being held there
was no process to this whatsoever and no
minoo build up to it and like you said
they get absolutely no concessions for
this meeting which again just proves to
every dictator in the world get nuclear
weapons you get legitimacy and you can
actually remain a bad actor in this
president lease we'll just take a
meeting and Andrea let's talk really
really briefly for for people who may
not be aware of it but talk about how
the North Koreans have made fools of
every American president since Bill
Clinton Bill Clinton George W Bush even
though he then called them in the evil
empire and and Barack Obama
all three fooled a former President
Jimmy Carter going in 1994 and getting
fooled and misled by Kim jong-un's
father Kim jong-il I was there during
negotiations with the previously the
highest-ranking American to ever meet
with a North Korean leader was Madeleine
Albright
so in October of 2000 we went and they
were going to normalize relations and
then George W Bush we hit the pause
button on that
he was elected in March in March of 2000
but they've all been they've cheated in
every instance even the Madeleine
Albright meeting was I'm sure it was not
one of her favorite moments it and the
Clinton White House because she sat
there and it ended up just being a
propaganda show for the North Koreans
but they at least thought that they were
going to normalize relations and get
something for it and then only a few
years later they discovered that he was
developing a parallel program to the
nuclear program so that he had not
dismantled and then Obama trading food
and humanitarian aid and then
discovering that look at the missile
advances we have our intelligence
agencies deny this but we have misread
their advances Europe and underestimated
this man's brutality and only this week
we've confirmed that he used VX gas an
illegal poison to kill his stepbrother
in Kuala Lumpur right we understand that
he has been providing chemical weapons
to Bashar al-assad and the Chinese while
doing better and the Russians have been
cheating by resupplying him with fuel
Oetzi so no question that part of the
motivation here may be that he's trying
to play our president at the same time
there's some speculation about the
totality of Kim jong-un's motivation is
there also a chance that some of these
sanctions yes are putting the squeeze on
him when you have people showing up you
know running from the borders looking
emaciated with intestinal bugs and worms
well the border I think that what
studies have shown is that North Koreans
over the past 60 70 years are a several
inches shorter and thinner than their
complete ethnic twins if you will in the
South they have been starved for decades
and decades they and so that is very
very true
I think the sanctions are taking and
that's that is the one thing that we've
learned are these sanctions seem to be
working in North Korea sanctions were
working with Iran and it seems that too
often presidents are too eager to make
deals and and and pull back from the
sanctions look sanctions have
records sometimes they work in other
places if you go all the way back to
Rhodesia it takes 20-30 years before
they have any impact it does appear per
Heidi's comment that in this case
they're working the other thing that's
going on here look I spent 30 years
basically doing negotiations as an
investment banker and it was sometimes
helpful to have a client saying if you
don't do what I say I'm going to blow up
the world
and that's kind of what we have here we
have our own bad man who Wright could
potentially blow up the world you're
talking about Trump yeah I was thinking
of Trump when I said that and and so it
could have an impact on the North
Koreans just saying hey we don't know
what this guy's gonna do let's at least
see if we can get some there could be
really dangerous really dangerous is if
he goes in there as he's want to do
utterly unprepared right unaccompanied
with no idea of what the real issues
there with none of the historical
context that Andrea just thought I was
just gonna say I mean what you're right
sometimes it helps to have somebody say
I don't care what anybody did before me
this is my position and if you don't
like it then then get ready because I'm
not going to be wringing my hands and
talking to State Department lawyers I'm
just gonna move so I do understand that
part of it but what I fear and I'm
drawing no comparisons no no direct
parallels but what I fear with Donald
Trump is what we got with Barack Obama
in Iran who in 2007 at the start of this
campaign was saying I'm going to
negotiate with the Iranians and they're
gonna be no preconditions and he thought
he was going to remake the world and he
was going to be the person that could
just reason with the Iranians and we
were going to be able to move beyond
where we've been since 1979 and I think
most people looking at it honestly we
would look at that negotiation and say
that Barak Obama and others in his
administration were so desperate to get
a deal with Iran that they got a very
bad deal and that's what I fear with
Donald Trump except at least the Obama
administration had the the diplomacy in
the apparatus in place and we're logical
and were reason even even
I believe they came up with a bad deal
but Donald Trump again he just makes a
decision on tariffs because of hope
Hicks and he makes a decision on North
Korea because of sore me daniels and and
people can people can deny that all they
want but if you're doing that you're in
the tank for Donald Trump because it is
painfully obvious that's exactly what's
going on this is he wanted you know what
he did not want the Washington Post to
have the word stormy Daniels on the
front page today guess what he succeeded
and he succeeded by lying about a letter
that didn't even exist and and now he's
he's angry his press secretary for
actually confirming that there was some
sort of transaction telling the truth
and then fools rush in relationship with
the porn stars confirmed and he doesn't
want it on the front page there's no
question there's no question this is a
high-wire act and nobody really knows
what's gonna happen but to your point
about preconditions donald trump was
already violated what he said was his
requirement telling negotiations he set
a precondition that they had to
denuclearize and now that he's already
walked back from that so thanks for
checking out MSNBC on youtube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
