thing one tonight the stormy Daniels
lawsuit against the president's centers
around her claim that Donald Trump never
signed the non-disclosure agreement
presented to the adult film star in 2016
so she's asking the court to declare it
invalid now the lawsuit alleges that
Daniel signed the document and that
Trump's lawyer Michael Kohn signed the
document that Trump never did and it's
an allegation that almost seems frankly
implausible I mean who in the world
would ever have a document prepared for
them and all teed up and ready for them
to sign and then just forget to sign it
we know such a person and that's thing
too in 60 seconds adult film star stormy
Daniels filed a lawsuit against the
Prezi you knighted States this week
alleging that the nondisclosure
agreement their lawyers agreed upon was
null and void for the simple fact that
Trump never signed it and if true it
would not be the first time the
president failed to sign something he
was supposed to just today at the
signing ceremony that's what they call
it the signing ceremony for Trump's
burger on tariffs Treasury secretary
Steve minutiae
had to remind the president he had to
actually sign the order on terrace you'd
like to take a picture in the Oval
Office I assume you've all been many
times into the Oval Office come on let's
go and do that let's go and do this yes
I'm gonna do we'll go into the Oval
Office we're going to sign this up we'll
go into the Oval Office we have a
picture okay and that's not an anomaly
it's just the most recent time that
Trump forgot to sign the document that
everyone showed up to watch him sign mr.
president was that your intention mr.
president was that your intention sir
white an absolutely new stage of
religious meeting
because they support you they'd like me
to sign the bill here instead of outside
so I think we'll do that hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
