Bob Muller's assignment began by probing
collusion and obstruction but new
reporting shows a focus on money who has
it and who needs it you remember in the
movie version of Watergate that hunt was
captured by a simple phrase follow the
money
Muller's certainly doing that but there
are signs he's also following the debt
the distinction matters because while
money can leave clues and appeal to the
greedy debt can make people downright
desperate and we're seeing these new
reports of who Miller is looking at and
not only whether Trump aids felt they
owed Russia something for whatever
reason but also whether they were trying
to abuse their government power because
they owe other people because they might
need money look at the heat on Jared
Kushner the New York Times reporting a
top UAE player cooperating with Muller
and telling investigators about meetings
in the White House with Kushner
following those separate reports that
Intel showed he was also vulnerable to
debt manipulation by up to four
different countries Democrats now
pressing his company for more
information on their loans and debt so
prosecutors and foreign governments
clearly see this debt as a potential
leverage point and both Trump and
Kushner work within real-estate empires
that live and die on debt these aren't
companies like say I don't know Google
or Apple which are swimming in a surplus
and trying to decide what to do with
their money these are debt kingdoms just
ask the king and his royal family I'm
the king of debt I love debt I'm the
king of debt I'm great with that nobody
knows that better than me I've made a
fortune by using debt and there is a
homeless person sitting
sitting right outside of Trump Tower I
remember my father pointing to him and
saying you know that guy has eight
billion dollars more than me because he
was in such extreme debt at that point
you know and Kushner's also a king of
debt look at how he had our through his
company one point four billion dollars
for purchasing the aptly-named six six
six fifth avenue now none of this is
just hyperbole what Donald Trump was
telling Ivanka about basically having
less than a homeless person his
bankruptcies showed that so how much
does Donald Trump oh right now well of
course he hasn't said the limited
disclosures that are available show
about 300 mil in debt under half that
owed to deutsche bank which has faced
its own probes over basically russian
oligarch money laundering schemes but
without trumps entire tax returns no one
not me not anyone else can say truly
whether he's running right now on
billions in surplus or hiding billions
in debt the Trump's own comments though
are pretty telling we dug this up he
basically said once that his whole adult
life has been defined so much by debt
that the one time he found himself with
actual cash it was so odd to him he
couldn't sleep at night
I don't sleep well cuz I have cash I
never had cash I mean I was always like
a little bit low on the cash because I'd
make a deal it would be a great deal and
make another deal great deal then I take
the profits from that and I'd have it
spent before the money even came in and
that's okay too the problem with that is
that when things get bad and they always
do at some point you're you've got to
fight too hard and I don't want to do
that that's okay to Donald Trump
admitting debt is his natural habitat so
his daughter's links to this other high
debt real estate family that may not be
a thing that ever bothered him though
before she met Jared Kushner Trump was
clear anyone wishing to date his
daughter faced long odds with the guys
who want to date her they have no chance
they have no chance
no guys there's no their show that's the
problem yeah it's probably is but no I
she's just she's always been a very
spectacular of girls Kushner and Trump
married in October 2009 they were
something of a power couple in New York
and when George Kushner entered the
White House he had to repay it turned
out an incredible amount of debt from
that famously cursed purchase Kushner
companies the family business has
struggled to refinance its flagship
property at 666 I'm not making that up
666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan which is
facing roughly one point four billion
dollars in debt this was the deal that
put Jared on the map I think every
dynasty wants to own a piece of
Manhattan it's a jewel in the cushion a
real estate crown that's staggering
under unmanageable debt they got a loan
from a company that's linked to the
Qatari government they also had sought a
loan from the former head of a related
Qatari fund there are reports that
Kushner leveraged his position to get
some of that backing there was also this
loan from Deutsche Bank and that was
right before Election Day meanwhile
Jared Kushner is holding these White
House meetings with all sorts of foreign
officials including China and Mexico
which are the countries that had
discussions about manipulating him and
there's more he failed to disclose a
hundred meetings with foreign contacts
in his controversial security clearance
forms he had to amend them not once not
twice three separate times and of course
his security clearance has been
downgraded now let me tell you the
Kushner's aides do stress that he's
complying with all ethics rules and they
say he's no longer personally involved
in the deals that the Kushner company
makes but we're seeing what Muller is
after did Kushner or these other people
participate in these deals or did they
use their power and government to get
money to get out from debts because that
could violate federal law consider that
executive branch employees are not
allowed to participate in any government
matter affecting their financial
interests which makes sense Kushner and
his wife had initially seemed to pledge
that they would avoid going into the
White House at all people think that
you're gonna be part of the
administration Ivanka I'm
I'm going to be a daughter a daughter
well that didn't last Ivanka and Jared
jumped in as more than family as
government advisors they even took
special titles to skirt federal laws
that would ban them and family from most
positions like the cabinet her own work
has now drawn FBI scrutiny and if you
put every other Trump issue aside let me
repeat that put every other Trump issue
aside and I'm telling you tonight these
debts and conflicts are still a big
enough problem to hobble an entire
administration and Donald Trump knew
that he said as much because consider
after the election which shocked
everyone in his first press conference
as president-elect well he had his mind
on his money and his money on his mind
bizarrely bragging that he just turned
down a two billion dollar deal in Dubai
and arguing his family would handle the
company to avoid conflicts over the
weekend I was offered two billion
dollars to do a deal in Dubai and I
turned it down I didn't have to turn it
down
because as you know I have a no conflict
situation because I'm president my two
sons who are right here Don and Eric are
going to be running the company they're
not going to discuss it with me again I
don't have to do this I hope at the end
of eight years I'll come back and I'll
say oh you did a good job otherwise if
they do a bad job I'll say you're fired
ha ha ha but this joke looks to be on
the president everybody knows it's hard
to hire family because they're the one
group of people you can't really fire
the New York Times does report that now
Trump's asking John Kelly to help him
maybe fire Kushner and Ivanka that
report offers a clue that Trump is
learning these family problems are real
and maybe this time it's a game that
matters it at this time there is
something bigger at play here then the
usual business games that was the
persona there back in the day the Donald
Trump used to go around the country and
tell voters he would do for America what
he did for the Trump brand let me say
something that might sound surprising
maybe that was exactly right maybe the
Trump company like this Kushner company
is powered by debt which works as long
as they keep their debtors happy and
maybe now these people who are running
the white house are taking the same
approach and they're using the entire
country and our entire government to
deal with their debts and if that's true
it would be Bob Miller now probing just
how many debts they're accruing I'm
joined by a special guest live through
the spires work directly for Jared
Kushner his editor in chief of the
newspaper he once ran the New York
Observer and I'm also rejoined by former
federal prosecutor Joyce Vance Elizabeth
I took a moment to lay it all out
because these are people that are widely
perceived even by their detractors as
very rich if rich means having a lot of
money being high net worth there is a
lot of evidence they are not rich and
they are not poor by which I mean close
to zero but that they are addled in debt
as someone who worked for Kushner your
view of all this well I think you know
one thing you have to consider is that
they both worked in commercial real
estate and that's an important part of
that industry but they've racked up such
incredibly high numbers that they're
difficult to get out from under so when
you look at what the Muller
investigation might be focusing on
they're gonna be looking for meetings
that Jared might have taken that would
benefit at coaster Co in some way so for
example the December 2016 meeting he's
took with Sergey Gourcuff who's the
chairman of the state-run VB Russian
Bank Putin Bank yes and Jared explain
this to congressional investigators as
taking the meeting because he wanted to
understand Putin's mentality toward the
new administration but when you think of
that it's sort of like asking the wolf
for their advice about how to protect
the henhouse no it really doesn't work
it's either an astounding display of
naivete or it's just a lie so when you
look at your cushion as someone you work
with does he strike you as someone who
could easily leave the Kushner company's
completely behind in this new role or
that he would still maintain a mentality
and an interest in it no I think it
would be hard you know he's also very
close to his family if he still has a
stake in the company and he's talking to
them an irregular basis you don't
necessarily have to have this formal
coordination he just has to keep in mind
what the interests of the company are
and and how those align with what he's
doing in the White House Joyce do you
think it's fair to say Muller is
following the debt Muller has to be
following the debt here the problem is
you have an individual with a lot of
debt and he's in proximity to
decision-making that could considerably
lighten that debt it's a federal crime
for someone for a for an executive
branch employer to engage personally and
substantially in decision-making in a
matter where he has a personal financial
interest so whether that means he simply
benefits through the Kushner companies
or he's involved formally in the Kushner
companies if he is simultaneously
working for government and
simultaneously seeking loans that might
get him out of trouble he doesn't just
have the appearance of impropriety that
federal ethics laws are designed to
avoid he has actually crossed over the
edge and his participation is willful
then he's in federal felony territory
briefly Elizabeth do you think he could
get the message and realize it's in his
own self-interest to get out of
government I don't know I mean I think
there's a lot of ego involved here too
and that would be an admission of
failure on some level given his original
ambitions for being in the office and I
feel like that might prevent him from
making a pragmatic decision and leaving
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
