pretty sure you doing the show okay you
tell me you feel stressed by the whole
time this week you know I think he's
kind of funny and cool what do you think
I don't know hope with you have you ever
seen something like this I just saw you
think he's gonna rest
I think he's so funny what do you know
we're not gonna send me to jail you know
what mr. Muller if he wants to send me
to jail he could send me to jail and
then and then I'll laugh about it and
I'll make a bigger spectacle that I am
on your TV show right what they do what
they did tell me was I wasn't gonna be a
subject or target and I was gonna get
the same kind of immunity but they
wanted something now Ari
let me just say something immunity yes
are you trying to send something up did
they say that to you or your lawyer said
my lawyer I haven't communicated
directly with them do you think harder
page as criminal exposure
I think harder page colluded with the
Russians and I've told you that before
I've told you that privately I think he
colluded with the Russian team in their
ride and they probably have something on
Trump Trump did something pretty bad I
think they were interested in something
with his business with his business yes
here's what I would say Ari is Roger
stone is like a surrogate father you
feel loyal to him and I'm not gonna go
in there for them to set up a case
against Roger
I think your family wants your home
could Thanks
and I hope you will testify I know it's
not ridiculous Sam November not
ridiculous Sam you got immunity so you
certainly don't have any reason not to
testify right as you told us today not
only that not only that it actually
makes it appear that Roger stone has
something to hide because you will not
go testify he has nothing hi well then
go testify you know what I'll tell you
what okay so look I don't mind about
testifying I'm not gonna sit there for
80 hours for this document request I
have real work to do I have to earn a
living
mm-hmm I don't think this is fair is it
possible that in the heat of this you're
having a very strong reaction based on
on the strong feelings you have and that
over time you might come around to a
different view of this is it possible
that this is coming in the heat of the
moment I think that I think that in our
discussion and what you said I would
have no problem going to the grand jury
but I once again don't want to have to
spend 80 hours going over email you'd
rather spend possibly a year in jail
then I'm not going to jail Sam you are
right this way
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
