the Florida's House of Representatives
passed major gun control legislation for
the first time in two decades the House
passed the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
School Public Safety Act by a vote of 67
to 50 last night after eight hours of
emotional debate the state Senate passed
the bill on Monday the bill would raise
the minimum age to buy firearms to 21
impose a three day waiting period for
most gun purchases bans bump stocks and
possibly allow teachers to carry guns in
schools but it does not ban assault
style rifles it also provides new mental
health programs for schools and creates
a risk protection order allowing police
to confiscate the guns of people who are
involuntary committed under the state's
banker Baker Act or pose a threat to
themselves or others the bill now heads
to the desk of Governor Rick Scott who
declined to say yesterday whether he
would sign it into law also yesterday
Senate Democrats held a hearing for the
relatives and victims of survivors of
gun violence with deeply felt testimony
from Fred Guttenberg whose daughter
Jamie was killed in the Parkland Florida
school shooting three weeks ago
and I'm not sure how many of you are
aware of the video that the NRA put out
two days ago okay because they put a
target on all of your facts okay
the NRA a lobby that finances campaigns
that that forces legislation put out a
video basically saying your time is
running out and here is data ouch in the
video talking to legislators who don't
support her the members of the media who
should called out by a name members of
the acting community and sports figures
telling everybody if they don't get
behind the NRA their time is running out
but she had an hourglass at the end of
her talking she turns it over and she
said your time's up a few days before
this video she had another video called
a call to farms I asked you a question
if this was put out by a terrorist
organization we would be raising the
terror threat level in this country why
are we letting this lobby have anything
to do in DC I don't understand it with
us now we got a member of the Armed
Services Judiciary Committee's
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut who's working on a
bipartisan gun reform bill with
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham I
well that's personal to us because
Micah's name is mentioned there are a
series of these ads that clearly incite
violence any reasonable person looking
at these ads I'm sure you've seen them
all they use violent language violent
images violent rhetoric and it let's
just say it has caused serious
complications for many people named
there and so let's start with that it's
beyond remarkable that Wayne LaPierre
would use violent language and rhetoric
and say that people Mika's time was
running out and I'm just I I'm wondering
is how does a lobbying organization do
that has nothing to do with guns
threatening people's physic
safety has nothing to do with lobbying
these kinds of physical threats I think
ultimately work against the NRA the tide
is shifting against the NRA is that an
assignment of violence it could be under
some circumstances it certainly betrays
a kind of viciousness that I think the
American people ought to reject and your
time is running out
your time is running out and the kinds
of rhetoric that are used actually I
think have been encouraged by the Trump
White House in its vehemence on this
topic now the NRA goes way beyond what
the President did during the campaign in
terms of inciting this kind of violence
but it reflects the demeaning and
diminishing of our civility let's talk
about the Florida they need to go down
well it does I mean a and by the way at
well they're going around making threats
and certainly that's not the only video
I've seen other videos where they say to
the New York Times something like you're
in are targets or we're coming after you
or we're coming to get it's always the
languages just extraordinarily violent
it verges on a legal threat it certainly
comes close whether it goes over the
line or not we can debate but well you
were Attorney General of Connecticut if
somebody was running ads against the
governor office and and saying that
we're coming out after you and your time
is running out Governor Malloy would
what would you do as an attorney general
I think I would look at the context
whether it potentially was time is
running out politically right as opposed
to physically but I think that the the
main point here is Joe that it incites
and encourages the kind of violence
we've seen by its followers right let me
let me let's talk about the florida bill
some people may say that's modest I'm
from Florida and I can tell you that
given the the the gun legislation that
has passed
over the last decade last 15 years I
mean NRA has just had free reign in that
state there are a lot of people upset
that the assault style weapon ban went
down I was shocked the vote was as close
as it was and was really surprised by
what happened there really surprised by
polls I saw coming out of Florida you
want to see a sea change in guns I I
quote the legendary Tim Russert it's
Florida Florida Florida looks like a sea
change it does look like a real seismic
shift and where the country is going and
the most important fact about Florida is
that it did something there are defects
the arming of teachers the failure to
ban assault weapon purchases but they
pass the red flag statute for example
which is what Senator Graham and I are
going to be introducing at the federal
level today they took other action which
years ago in Florida would have been
unthinkable so why is it that there
still is no I mean you you are
introducing this bill but there's no
indication that Mitch McConnell is
willing to put gun legislation of any
kind on the floor even the legislation
that would make changes to the NICs
background check system that the NRA has
said that they do not oppose is there
any way to break through that I mean
it's I think there are a lot of people
watching what you are doing and feeling
as though this happens over and over and
over again and the response is always
the same and they have a right to feel
frustrated as I do and angry and I am
infuriated beyond words when I think
about the complicity of Congress and not
only the mass slaughter we've seen but
also the 90s every day many of them by
people who are known to be dangerous as
the Parkland shooter was and could be
stopped if red flag statutes were
adopted by state and at the federal
level taking guns out of the hands of
dangerous people the vise-like grip of
the NRA on the Congress I think is
breaking and it's breaking because of
these students who
or marking with passion and energy with
signs like our blood your hands putting
the responsibility exactly where it
belongs and that's why I think this
Florida step is significant because it
shows Republicans have to do something
this is what my colleagues on the
Republican side tell me we have to do
something well the question is what is
something and I think Mitch McConnell
has to relent eventually to that
pressure do you think that this is
actually something I mean this bill is
something that could penetrate that
something that could break the fever or
something that I mean if you have any
indication that Senator McConnell would
want to put this on the floor
under any circumstances I think it could
well be a very important bipartisan
breakthrough Senator Graham is a
respected member of the Republican
caucus and this bill is narrowly
tailored to deal with people who
demonstrate that they are dangerous to
themselves or others it has worked in
the five states where it has been law
including Connecticut and Indiana where
it's been on the books for some time it
saves lives and it guarantees due
process so I think it has a mental
health component it has a bipartisan
breakthrough element that could very
much rally support on both sides of the
aisle really I've been surprised talking
to Republicans up and down the the
political food chain in the state of
Florida and in Washington DC Republicans
who are saying their leadership needs to
get it that things have changed and
we're talking about people who have been
loyal to the NRA for decades in
Tallahassee in here.i and it does seem
that Florida bill yesterday certainly
showed a change is out there yeah it
remains to be seen if governor Scott
will sign the bill he has concerns about
the aspect of the bill that provides
more funding to arm educators inside of
schools on senator Blumenthal I would
ask you though I you know being from the
state of Connecticut and the senator
there
people always say after Sandy Hook
nothing changed and boy if nothing's
gonna change after a classroom full of
first graders is slaughtered when will
it ever change well actually as you know
in the state of Connecticut things did
change you put in place new laws on guns
it looks like that may now happen in the
state of Florida so my question to you
is if it's so difficult at the federal
level is the way into gun reform if
that's what you're after at the state
level to get it done state-by-state
obviously it's much more difficult in
some states than it would be in
Connecticut for example but is that the
way to attack this problem I think
that's a really excellent question
Willie and it raises two points number
one at the state level the laws have
worked crime violence with guns is down
in states like Connecticut the red flag
statute that we have results in
preventing probably a hundred to 150
people every year from having guns it
enables them to receive psychiatric care
more than half the cases it saves lives
and we can show the results in
Connecticut of the tough gun laws and
that experience I think argues
powerfully for more state laws but
here's the reason we need federal laws
the strongest state laws like
Connecticut's are at the mercy of the
weakest because guns travel across state
lines our boundaries of forest to
firearms and so we are at the mercy of
the states with the weakest laws and I
think there will be continued movement
at the state level and I think it will
help build the momentum for stronger
federal laws but only five states now
have this red flag statute one of them
is Indiana that's important because our
vice presidents from Indiana and it's
experienced there I think is persuasive
evidence that will hopefully reach both
sides the aisle senator I want to ask
you about some of the legal troubles
swirling around this presidency I will
spare you stormy but the New York Times
report that Donald Trump asked witnesses
what they discussed with special counsel
including Reince Priebus one of them and
also the report that Eric prints
an informal advisor to the Trump
campaign had a meeting in the Seychelles
between the Emiratis Crown Prince
a Russian investor with Putin ties the
discussions with Don McMahon White House
Counsel and with the Priebus after both
of their enemies really smack of witness
tampering this kind of conversation
initiated by the president is sort of
almost black and white obstruction and
it further builds an already credible
case of obstruction of justice against
the president United States what we're
seeing I think is the Special Counsel
focusing on the president's continuing
efforts to stymie or stop this
investigation and the Comey firing the
attempts to fire Muller and sessions the
dictation of a deceptive statement for
his son to give about the Trump Towers
meaning there is an accumulating web of
mosaic here and the pieces are falling
into place and on collusion the meeting
that occurred at the Seychelles in
January of 2016 I think is also very
very important and powerful evidence of
the building case on collusion because
they were there with a representative of
Vladimir Putin with the Emiratis who may
have contributed to come Trump campaign
and this kind of building case that
we're seeing in all this evidence I
think speaks to the methodical and
careful work that the special counsel is
doing out of the public I completely
agree Senator Richard Blumenthal always
good to have you on thank you very very
much and still ahead Senator Claire
McCaskill will be here on set we're
gonna get her thoughts
on the president's plan for tariffs and
the Democrats chances including her own
in the midterms morning Joe is coming
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up to
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more for morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
