lyndie russia probe has learned to
conversations in recent months in which
President Trump asked key witnesses
about matters they discussed with Robert
Muller's investigators according to
three people familiar with the
encounters the sources say the president
told an aide that the White House
Counsel Don McGann should issue a
statement denying a New York Times
article in January that claimed McGann
told investigators of the president once
asked him to fire Muller last June
McGann never released a statement and
later had to remind the president that
he had indeed asked McGann to see that
Muller was dismissed the sources said
and in another instance two people
familiar with the discussion say Trump
asked his former chief of staff Reince
Priebus how his interview had gone with
the special counsels investigators and
whether they had been nice the special
counsel is investigating whether the
president has tried to obstruct the
probe the White House declined to
comment as it does on matters related to
the special counsel joining us now one
of the reporters who broke that story
Michael Schmidt of The New York Times I
mean is this what would you consider
this to be witness tampering you know
Michael tell us about your story yeah
one of the basic tenants of
investigations whether they're federal
or local is that if you are under
scrutiny or anything is really in
question about you you're supposed to
keep your distance from witnesses and
from prosecutors now we remember back in
February of 2017 that's when the
president tried to speak with Comey
about the investigation to ask him to
end the Flint investigation and now we
have examples of the president engaging
with witnesses about matters that they
had discussed with the special counsel
when folks were close to these things
heard about this they were very
concerned they said look we probably
this is not witness tampering but what
Muller has to know about it because if
we don't disclose this to him then he's
going to think that there's something
afoot here and why is the president
doing this why is he disregarding the
legal advice of his attorneys to go to
such lengths at such a critic
time as this investigation is
intensifying why because he's Donald
Trump and Minh so many lawyers in
Washington that that said early on they
didn't want him it's a client because
one he didn't pay his bills and two he
was difficult to manage if you're Donald
Trump's attorney and you find out that
he's telling the gand
basically changed his testimony after
it's already been given and he's asking
questions of his former chief of staff
what are you worried about well I would
take the Priebus off the previous
conversation probably off the table if
it's limited to that safety-wise it was
not wise but that I think doesn't really
get the pulse rate as high as the
statement to the white House Counsel
that is certainly problematic the
problem for Moeller is going to be
determining what is political was
prosecutable if you're gonna try to go
after a president you need a Heartland
hit I mean you really need something
right in the middle of the Criminal Code
I think what the president can argue is
look we're a political operation this is
the White House we respond to news and I
wanted my White House Counsel respond to
this he actually wasn't the appropriate
person due to to ask for that you the
president should go to his press office
and say I want some response to this to
go to someone I know either witness but
even after McGann has told Muller steam
right that that he had asked to fire him
if the president then whoever the
president goes to and says you need to
go back and tell him to basically change
what he said before the prosecutor
that's no that's no this is this
fulfills the narrative you know that
this type of action is remarkably
ill-advised because as does it does it
start to we've heard from the beginning
that obstruction of justice would be
witness tampering or trying to get
people to change their testimony now
you're not Donald Trump's attorney
anymore you are Bob Muller do you look
at this closely and so I do think that
this this is witness tampering and and
fits in too
obstruction of justice charges I think I
would look at it is in many ways it has
the same pattern as what happened on Air
Force One in issuing a statement that
was not accurate
but I want to caution witness tampering
charges are difficult to make you have
to show intent and in many ways he can
show his sort of modus operandi
you know he's famous for sort of going
into these types of sensitive areas
without a lot of thought about loyalty
oath president all right so it I have to
say you know this is something mother
most certainly can ask about it is a
really I think for the president do it
it's another self-inflicted wound but
people need to be careful witness
tampering requires intent and he does
have this alternative argument that I
was trying to spin a political story
Michael Schmitt you have another case
here - we're done McGann the White House
Counsel I remember he wouldn't fire Bob
Muller as you reported many weeks ago
and now be that he wouldn't go out and
say that the president didn't ask him to
fire Bob Muller so in some cases at
least there is at least someone standing
between the president and doing the
wrong thing well the president's had a
particularly interesting relationship
with Magan Magan is one of the few
people still around the president that
was there during the campaign and has
been there for the entire time in the
White House Magan had to deal with the
Comey firing trying to take Trump's
rationale that he had given in a letter
and going to the Justice Department
getting the Attorney General and Deputy
Attorney General to give them documents
that help them support the idea of
getting rid of the FBI director he stood
up to the president I don't think he's
particularly close with him but they
have clashed but at the same time he's
still around even though he's been at
the heart of so many different things I
think that if you're McGann you might be
afraid that the president would blame
you for some of the things that have
gone on saying that you've gotten bad
legal advice and that would be a concern
going forward is that is your actions in
any of this going to be used as an
excuse will he be a scapegoat for the
president I think that's a concern that
again may have going forward to me or me
now Michael Schmidt thank you very much
in jonathan turley thank you as well so
much time we learned a couple things
just because you close your eyes doesn't
mean then people see you and - it's not
wise to ever take yourself hostage no
don't do that okay all right still I had
on Monday president Trump said he wasn't
backing down from his tariff plan but
this morning there is confusion over the
actual details we'll have the latest on
the president's proposal next on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
