we're back and we have a lot more to get
to new reporting from NBC News reveals
that president Trump's longtime lawyer
Michael Cohen is trying to silence the
porn star stormy Daniels over her
alleged relationship with the president
stay with us here last week Cohan
obtained a secret restraining order more
on that later through an arbitration
process that Warren Daniels she'll face
penalties if she starts to talk the news
comes one day after we learned that
Daniels whose real name is Stephanie
Clifford filed a lawsuit against
President Trump in at Daniel's alleged
that an agreement not to disclose her
quote intimate relationship with the
president is invalid because Trump never
actually signed the document the hush
agreement as it's called in the suit
directed $130,000 to be given to
Daniel's in exchange for her silence
Michael Cohen says he used his own
personal funds to facilitate the payment
he also said neither the Trump
organization nor the Trump campaign were
a party to the transaction and that
neither reimbursed him for the payment
directly or indirectly Cohen has said in
fact that President Trump vehemently
denies the allegations we should note
that Daniels is not suing for money but
for the freedom to tell her story about
her alleged affair with Trump which of
course she could eventually sell for a
high price the stormy Daniels drama was
of course a major theme at this
afternoon's White House press briefing
Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked about
this story relating to Daniels 12 times
including multiple questions about what
the president knew did the president
approve of the payment that was made in
October of 2016 by his longtime lawyer
and advisor Michael Cohen look the
president has addressed these directly
and
may very well clear that none of these
allegations are true this case has
already been won in arbitration and
anything beyond that I would refer you
to the president's outcome outside
counsel I've addressed this as far as I
can go did he know about the payment
this time not that I'm aware of and
again anything beyond what I've already
given you I would refer you to the
president's outside counsel store
McDaniels attorney just spoke to my
colleague lawrence O'Donnell tonight and
addressed Sanders claim that the case
has been won in arbitration I personally
like Miss Sanders I think she has a
near-impossible job but the fact of the
matter is and I'm confident that she
didn't know that it was nonsense when
she effectively told that to the world
but it's absolutely bogus it's nonsense
any claim by the administration that
Donald Trump won in arbitration is no
different than me claiming that I won
the Super Bowl a few weeks ago it's it's
complete hooey
on that note here to talk more about all
of it Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for The New York Times and
MSNBC political analyst Shannon petty
peace White House correspondent for
Bloomberg and Danny Cevallos a veteran
criminal defense attorney at MSNBC legal
analyst Danny I'm going to start with
you gingerly be very tender with those
of us who are lay members of the
audience especially the slow among us
when I ask you to describe what this
arbitration process is that Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is saying the president
won the arbitration process is a form of
alternative dispute resolution and what
it means is companies love these big
companies rich folks because they offer
a private a secret way of resolving
disputes in a way that I remember right
exactly
retired judges have will often become
arbitrators it's a private court you can
resolve your claims they're usually you
can define the parameters of this secret
tribunal in your contract you can say
there's no appeal if you read this
agreement and everyone has access to
this complaint and this agreement the
terms are so in favor of
d-david Dennison whoever that may be
David Dennison can pick the arbitrator
David Dennison can pick the state that
the law that the laws of the state that
he wants David Dennison can decide that
there's no appeal David Dennison has all
the power as to the arbitrator's so that
when Sarah Sanders said they won in
arbitration they didn't really win the
contract allowed them to walk over to an
arbitrator of their choice and say give
us a TR Oh give us a temporary
restraining order and you can see in the
in the arbitrator's order that she
looked at it decided that she really
didn't have a choice but to issue a TR
oh and that was done without any due
process why because the contract allowed
for it
that's why stormy Daniels and her team
have to invalidate this contract because
it has an arbitration clause that will
keep the Trump team exactly where they
want to be and that's an arbitration
Peter Baker let's swing back to the news
business and that that equals what the
public knows out of the White House
today this arbitration term put this
right inside the White House today yeah
I did it the first time in a way the
White House has tried very hard to sort
of sidestep this story doesn't want any
part of it you can understand why and so
we in Sarah Sanders today at the
briefings you know did disclose this
idea of a arbitration result that was
favorable to the president you seem to
put the white house right in the middle
of it and it seemed to acknowledge there
was in fact a real dispute here that
there is in fact a an issue that the
president has not himself addressed
which is what is the situation with his
relationship with this woman
what kind of arrangement was made
resulted in her getting a hundred thirty
thousand dollars from the president's
lawyer how did that money get you know
authorized and so forth so we don't
really have answer this question that
she didn't give us the answers those
questions it doesn't sound like the
story is going away very soon so Shannon
this is a first indeed for the
presidency it's a first for all of us
this story's been doing a slow build
it's been out there but given what we
watched in today's news cycle fair to
say it's going to stay for news cycles
to come yes because now it's a legal
dispute it's not just sort of a
tabloids story about an affair now we
have a legal battle and a court battle
between two you know a stormy Daniels
it's someone who doesn't seem to be
backing down from a fight and Michael
Cohen certainly is someone who does not
back down for a fight he is a street
fighter style lawyer he fancies himself
a godfather character he it's you know
slip dress nickname the pit bull he's
not backing down either here I see two
big personalities neither going away
anytime soon
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
