the breaking news though right now on
the Miller probe into Russian election
interference is new clues as to where
they are headed the Special Counsel
probe did begin questioning whether
President Trump obstructed justice since
he allegedly pressed his own FBI
director to back off he asked him to
famously drop an investigation of
Trump's own aide Mike Flynn who later
pled guilty and then he fired that FBI
director James Comey with quote rush on
his mind
we know those questions of obstruction
animated this probe from the start they
led to miller's appointment they've
occupied miller's focus so that makes
this breaking time story tonight so
troubling for the White House Trump
spoke to witnesses about matters they
discussed with special counsel The Times
reporting Miller has learned of two
conversations in recent months in which
Trump asks key witnesses about matters
they discussed with investigators
according to three people familiar with
the encounters it's not just talking to
witnesses either this involves the
efforts to fire Muller himself now
consider the two crucial tracks in the
story first why this president would be
talking to witnesses in the Malheur
probe and why he thinks that's a good
idea now is it because the president
just doesn't care about the advice from
his own attorneys not to do this kind of
thing does he think there's no risk he
can outsmart one more problem does he
think the risk is real but it's somehow
worth it
or is this like some other stories
something smaller is it just a lack of
impulse control talking to witnesses in
this case is dumb it's inappropriate
alone that talking is not a crime that
would require something more like asking
witnesses to lie for you that's what
hurt Richard Nixon but to see just how
serious this report is take this
brand-new reaction tonight moments after
the story broke from a high-ranking DOJ
official known for his measured legal
analysis Neil Koch all who argued before
the Supreme Court on behalf of the
United States as acting Solicitor
General it looks so bad and basically
you've got Donald Trump acting like a
two-bit criminal here and saying to
witnesses like Priebus hey what
you say you know were you nice to me and
so on that is horrible you know I I'm a
defense lawyer I love a challenge
you know I represented bin Laden's
driver and let me tell you bin Laden's
driver acted with far more integrity at
every stage in the investigation than
Donald Trump has so far this is just the
published report of what we know worse
than a sama bin Laden's driver I can
tell you we don't usually hear mr.
Kochel
speak that way about a president even a
president he via merely disagrees with
so that is the witness piece and the
headline in The Times tonight legally
though the second track could actually
be worse for Trump and it builds on an
incident that times also broke on
January 25th that this president under
investigation in part for firing his FBI
director also tried to get the Special
Counsel investigating him fired and then
his White House Counsel threatened to
quit which created the prospect of a
Saturday night massacre and then
reportedly Trump backed off because that
man counsel Don Magan quote threatened
to resign rather than carry out the
directive to fire Muller
The Times reporting Miller learned about
the episode in recent months as his
investigators interviewed current and
former senior White House officials into
his inquiry about whether the president
obstructed justice in this new reporting
tonight the time says not only with
Muller being told about the president's
order to fire him we know some of that
it also says something important that
Muller knew exactly what was happening
inside the White House after this
January story appeared look at this the
president told an aide that the White
House Counsel dawn McGann should issue a
statement denying the New York Times
article in January the article said
McGann told investigators that the
president once asked him to fire the
Special Counsel Robert Muller the third
and according to three sources now
tonight McGann never released a
statement later had to remind the
president he had indeed asked McGann to
see that mr. Miller was dismissed holdup
quote had to remind the president those
are five ominous words for Donald Trump
tonight they suggest that McGann had to
resist Trump's of
version of events this false account
were Trump denies trying to get Muller
fired if Trump is saying that false
statement in the hopes that dawn McGann
his lawyer would join him in it when he
talks to Muller would lie to Muller well
yes that would be a kind of statement to
a witness that could be the element of a
crime which lawyer dawn McGann knows so
those are ominous words now the fact
that tonight we know they're in the New
York Times those words is even more
critical because it suggests someone or
someone close to McGann or someone
sympathetic to him or McGann himself
wants to be on the record in public
tonight about this little memory game
you know where we all remember the time
the president tried to get his
investigator fired while under
investigation for obstructing justice
and if this is what is leaking out from
Dawn McGann what else is he telling
Muller about Donald Trump in private
joining me now is Michael Schmidt one of
the New York Times reporters who broke
this story thank you for joining me what
can you say about your understanding of
why this is coming out now and the kind
of legal peril it might pose for anyone
at the White House this incident these
incidents were things that concerned
folks when they learned about it people
that were close to the investigation and
they believe that Muller needed to know
about it because there was a perception
that this could be some kind of witness
tampering it's not that they thought in
and of itself that it was witness
tampering but it gave off this view this
look where Muller had found out about it
and it had not been disclosed it would
be problematic and it would raise
questions of obstruction or of the many
different matters so the lawyers pushed
ahead and this information got got to
Muller is it fair to boil down what
you're saying to the idea that Donald
Trump's behavior here was so reckless
or legally dangerous that people on his
own legal team or sympathetic to those
people felt a duty to self-report this
to the Special Counsel
well one of the central most basic
things of investigations is that those
under investigation should not try and
talk to witnesses just because it just
gets into a very very difficult area
there are lawyers that can talk to other
lawyers about it the other thing is that
they should also not talk to law
enforcement people and what struck
people about this is that the
president's had had such a bad
consequence come out of the time he did
this last February when Luke Comey says
he asked him one on one to end the Flint
investigation when that came out it led
to Muller being appointed and is now
this thing just with this dark cloud
over the president so for the president
even as this investigation is
intensifying he was going against the
advice of his lawyers and engaging with
these witnesses about matters that that
he knew had come up in front of Mullins
yeah your your piece is significant and
your headline is arresting and I don't
want to get into copy-editing your
headline but I wonder if you could weigh
in on the fact that the the firing of
Muller part of this seems even bigger
than the witness part because your paper
and your you and other reporters have
documented how basically I'm looking at
the timeline that there was the alleged
attempt to fire Muller in June 2017 as
you've reported and then you have dawn
McGann speaking as a witness to the
special counsel in November and then you
have the January report of the effort to
fire Muller if Donald Trump was as you
report tonight trying to get dawn McGann
to publicly lie about the firing of
Muller
isn't that a legal problem as well I
guess it could be I think that the
president was very upset with the report
simply just the fact that this was out
there and he thought it was wrong and
basically went to rob Porter at the time
and said look we've got it you know we
got to get a statement out there from
McGann and if you don't want to do this
we would get rid of them and the
president was very agitated about it and
pushed for it but and eventually had a
confrontation with McGann about it and
again had to say to him
look
is what happened and the president said
he didn't recall it that way and they
discussed the fact that McGann had not
directly told the president he was going
to quit at the time in June again said
that he had told other White House
officials about it and then the
conversation moved on to other matters
and and briefly any further context on
why McGann would be telling that to
other officials but not the president it
would happen in June was the president
had told McGann to call rod Rosenstein
the Deputy Attorney General who was
overseeing Mahler and tell him that
Muller had these series of conflicts and
had to go the president pushed McGann to
do this over the span of a few days and
eventually McGann got fed up he knew
this was something he didn't want to do
and he told the folks around him that he
was going to quit around that time the
president backed down and stopped
pushing him to call Rosen Stein and
McGann stayed on him again didn't want
to do it or perhaps also felt legally he
could not do it Michael Schmidt from The
New York Times with the big story thank
you thanks for having me hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
