if their bets fail these more dangerous
banks are more likely to crumble and
more likely to bring the rest of the
economy with them this is madness
senator Elizabeth Warren took the floor
today to express outrage over a bill
that Republicans are soon expected to
pass with the help of some Senate
Democrats the bill would roll back many
of the Wall Street reforms passed a
decade ago following the financial
crisis and senator Elizabeth Warren
joins me now um why is how does this get
67 votes I mean you haven't actually
voted on it so far but no I'm sorry
let me just stop it right there 60 how
does this get any votes any votes we are
now next week will be the tenth year
anniversary of when Lehman Brothers
crashed and signaled to the entire world
that the collapse of 2008 had started
and how it could be that after we got
some dodd-frank protections in place
after we got 10 years nearly of trying
to rebuild after the banks are more
profitable than they have ever been in
history how could it be that this
Congress is saying I know what let's do
let's make it easier for big banks to
cheat American families let's make it
easier for them to load up on risks
let's take 25 of the 40 largest banks in
America banks that sucked down fifty
billion dollars in bailout money and
nobody went to jail let's take them off
the watch lists list and treat them like
any tiny little community banks out
somewhere nowhere where they can't hurt
the economy okay but here's I want to
bear down this for a little bit
the idea right is that the criticism of
dodd-frank was that it Hartley was
responsible for increasing Khalid a
consolidation in the banking finance
sector that smaller banks were having a
hard time dealing with it and so the
origin of this legislation as I
understand it was to make some
adjustments so it would be better for
some
banks and then we well is that right I
guess let me start there and then come
on the next question so look we started
in three years ago and all the Democrats
got together on the Banking Committee
and said what can we do to reduce
regulations for small banks and we said
a lot of people put things on the table
and agreed as a group we could go for
all of these we show them to the
Republicans and they say not unless you
agree to reduce the regulations on the
giant banks right and we said no we're
not going to do that we'll only do it
for the community banks and the
community banks have been held as the
human shields and so finally what
happened is the Republicans got their
way and they are moving forward on a
bill that has some help for the
community banks and has a lot of help
for really big banks so that your is
that your understand I mean there are
people that I imagine you feel like you
agree with a lot of things someone like
Tim Kaine for instance that that voted
for this and the first procedural vote a
year what 16 17 Democratic colleagues
voted for it is that your understanding
of the judgment they're making here that
that in that in the general mix here at
least we're getting some of this it is
the only talking point that I've heard
from the other side because nobody can
explain why they're saying that banks
that are up to a quarter of a trillion
dollars should be regulated as if
they're community banks also nobody can
explain why this bill has provisions in
it to hurt consumers and let me let me
mention just watch or you know we
collect data now we've learned some
lessons from the crash and one of the
lessons we learned is that there are a
fair number of financial institutions
that just outright discriminate they
charge African Americans more than they
charge White's they charge Latinos more
than they charge White's there's a
question about women being able to get
access to credit so we said we're gonna
have to collect some data and get some
data about what's going on and by the
way much of this data the bank's already
collect it's
we want it reported so that you can keep
track of what's happening and one of the
things that's in this bill says you know
whole bunch of banks about 85% of banks
are actually not going to have to report
that data now I want to be fair here oh
the amount of data that well it will be
reduced because these are mostly small
tanks of right horny will only be maybe
ten percent or a little more but here's
the problem
there will be whole areas where there
will be no data at all right no data at
all and if there's no data then there's
no way to know if these financial
institutions are discriminating against
people we need that data to keep the
banks honest and why do we need to keep
the banks honest because time after time
over the past 10 years when we did have
the data we uncovered the fact that
there were banks that were
discriminating and we were able to bring
charges against those banks and get them
to change those practices and to make it
all public you know there's no data
there's no way to do that and that's
that's the kind of thing that's just
buried in here there's another piece
that's buried in here after the after
the crash in 2008 we decided okay look
when we built dodd-frank and built a
consumer agency there's certain ways
you're not going to be able to cheat
people on home mortgages any more crazy
teaser rates and so on and so forth
stuff hidden in the fine print and that
applies to people who buy bricks and
mortar homes people who buy condos and
people who buy manufactured housing
trailers what this bill says is okay
we'll still apply it to bricks new
mortar houses and condos but you know
people who are living in manufactured
housing let's just make it open really
on them
yeah really no there's actually a
carve-out for manufactured housing for
from work practices yeah I think about
that this is just a bill that was
written by the lobbyists to help their
clients and not to help the American
people not to help community bankers
this is a bill that was written that
why it's called the lobbyists bill you
know the bank lobbyists feel because the
bank lobbyists said when dodd-frank
passed you know a lot of people said
okay we beat back the bank lobbyists the
chief bank lobbyists on the day that
dodd-frank passed said it's only half
tonight and what he meant is we're
coming back and coming back and coming
back until we roll back these
regulations I want to ask you about
something you just announced since I
have you here you just have to donated
five thousand dollars to every steek
Democratic Party for a total of two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars
people are interpreting that as a big
move perhaps on the way to running for
president is that a correct
interpretation no I am not running for
president interpretation first move
towards that no let me tell you what it
is a move toward I believe that we need
to build the infrastructure in the
Democratic Party in every single state
in this country and that means they need
resources right now to be able to reach
out to be able to get voters registered
to be able to do their grassroots
organizing and I want to help them in
any way I can you know the other part I
talked about if this at this same speech
you're talking about is the importance
of having a Democratic Party that stands
for something a Democratic Party that
isn't just willing to take on a fight
when it comes to at a Democratic Party
that picks fights a Democratic Party
that makes people across this country
say I want to get out there and vote
that's that's what I want to see senator
Elizabeth I want to thank your time
tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
