plop Muller's probe is barreling forward
right now the pace seems like it's
picking up because it is think about
where the probe is heading a man with
ties to both the United Arab Emirates
and the Trump campaign now cooperating
with special counsel Muller special
counsel Robert Mahler's requested
documents and interviewed witnesses
about incidents involving Michael Cohen
the president's personal attorney are
you concerned that mr. Muller hasn't
asked you
hasn't subpoenaed you hasn't asked you
for an interview I have no concerns I'll
be happy to answer his questions and I
believe my emails are probably based on
that New York Times story already been
reviewed all this coming as former Trump
campaign advisor Sam Nunn Berg now says
he will of course comply with Muller he
appeared on several news shows including
his first on-camera interview on ours
and he says he will testify to this
grand jury on Friday and hand over all
communications with Trump and Roger
stone and those other officials on the
list former Trump campaign manager Paul
Manafort also in court tomorrow to face
some of those new charges Muller added
so a lots going on I'm joined by Maya
Wiley former counsel of the mayor of New
York who was here with mr. nunberg as
well as Bill Kristol founder and editor
a large of the Weekly Standard Maya what
did we learn in these busy three days
about what Muller is focused on well
it's been a very busy three days and
it's very clear that Muller in terms of
the financial transactions the fact that
he's following money and influence has
gotten one step closer to Donald Trump
that's clear to you that's that that's
clear yeah and I think I'm the guy to
used to peanut on Berg for the great
Canuck burgers cooperating I gathered it
was met with ages the subpoenas away
defer to you guys the lawyers tighten up
tightening the screws on nunberg and
what what's the point of salmon on berg
to get to Roger stone I think that's
very clear it's clear in nunberg zone
discussion I don't want to do anything
that would hurt damaged stone which
strikes me as suggesting that there
might be material in there that would
damage Roger stone and Roger stone was
Trump's top advisor before I began when
he's been close to Roger for two Trump
for 25 years and stone is also very was
Paul mater for its partner back into the
day and so the stone Manafort Trump
maybe Flynn
genexus I think that is where one one of
the many things I'm sure that Muller is
focused on it strikes me but he's get
made quite a lot of progress I think
that you know this given your life
around Republican circles that when you
look at what Paul Manafort was doing he
was doing it in a firm with Roger stone
and they were taking on foreign clients
that literally no one else would take
and now you have Roger stone him in a
place some more sound from him we
touched on this last night as a person
who openly bragged about his link to
Julian Assange who is now caught up in
the potential Russian plot take a look
first of all I think Julian Assange is a
hero I think he's taking on the deep
state both Republican and Democrat I
expect you're going to see more from mr.
Assange who again I think is a hero we
have a mutual acquaintance who is a fine
gentleman I happen to be one who thinks
that assigned Jews day is a hero
so WikiLeaks I mean that's the crime was
one of the crimes was obviously stealing
emails from the DNC and from Podesta
WikiLeaks published those emails stone
may or may not have had some knowledge
of that happening beforehand stone may
or may not have communicated that to
Trump an advert that whole Russian Nexus
I think start stone will end up being
more central to this I suspect than
people might have thought right and it's
very easy to watch a person like mr.
nunberg in the situation that he was it
was at this table two nights ago and
think about him and the way he comported
himself when in fact what is more
significant than the fear that he
clearly evinced was him revealing on
this show that they want him in the
grand jury box which is more than a lot
of other witnesses and that he is of the
view that they want him for the purposes
of stone I mean again sam nunn burg did
not work in the White House okay he does
not know about Russia sanctions and
those other issues but he's the aide to
Roger stone his mentor as he as he
explained and so that was the context
for this moment I want to play that
we've now learned became pivotal between
myself mr. Nunn Berg and Maya Wiley on
the show I definitely know my father
doesn't like it me my father's my twin
of my poker
I think your family wants you home for
Thanksgiving and I hope you will testify
I know it's not ridiculous Sam not
ridiculous
that was a moment that led to Maya then
mister nunberg saying this as he
continued his very public evolution on
these issues but he said and this is
here according to the reporting in the
Washington Post Maya Wiley is very very
smart
she made a compelling case to me in the
case was that they have to do this for
their investigation and it was a fair
point it was a fair point and he says
publicly because of part of what he
learned from you and thinking about your
fair point he decided to comply yeah I
mean I'm humbled by the statement and
I've been particularly humbled by the
outpouring frankly from viewers about
the importance of this country getting
back to a place of civility and
compassion and humanity which I think we
all desperately need I will say that I
think that fact that Sam Nunn Berg is an
attorney himself and that many of the
points I was making were really quite
obvious oh I'd like to believe I'm
intelligent but also quite frankly the
points were pretty straight forward from
his own presentation of what was going
on I think the fact that as I had said
to him at the time that he was
uncomfortable potentially helping to
string up Roger stone is is back as you
said re really the crutchfield Roger
stone is a person who's appeared on
Russian english-language propaganda
television even before the campaign his
ties to Russia are very deep so the fact
that they're going after Roger Suns not
really that surprising particularly when
you start to follow the money although
I'm out of time I know that and I've
discussed this with mr. number but it
didn't come up that night that you know
he was removed from the campaign over
this racial hate speech your view on the
way you be the way he thought of your
advice in the context of that history
well as I said and I am extremely
humbled to have grown up in a family
that taught me that despite the way
people treat
black people in America that what is
most important is that we are able to
see the humanity in each other and the
intelligence and the capacity of people
who are black in this country and that's
something I think this administration
needs to learn and I'm certainly happy
that mr. nunberg has recognized that hey
there i'm chris hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
