well the presents made the case that we
need a strong steel and aluminium
industry in America to meet our defense
needs we agree and we think too that
again with the right tailoring of
tariffs we can strengthen our economy we
can address the national security issue
and we can continue to grow our
manufacturing base all across the
country again which makes us more
economically secure isn't this our
better way if you want to promote the
American steel industry don't you did it
what about mandating that the Defense
Department make sure they they only make
deals with people that use American
steel I mean aren't there more proactive
measures before you go to tariffs well
look the president is weighing those
options obviously he's laid forward
using this section of our trade laws in
order to tackle these and address these
bad actors in in trade so we're
recommending how best for him to
strengthen those actions hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
