welcome back as a private citizen
President Trump was notoriously
litigious but even with all his lawsuits
countersuits and settlements the legal
dispute he now finds himself in as a
pretty odd one the president is being
sued now by the adult film actress
stormy Daniels but her lawyer says she
doesn't want money in this lawsuit and
she isn't seeking damages she simply
wants the freedom to tell her story and
perhaps make money on that about what
the lawsuit calls is a quote intimate
relationship with Trump which of course
could later turn into money at issue
here a nondisclosure agreement that
president Trump's longtime Laura Michael
Cohen arranged with Daniel's just days
before the 2016 election the suit calls
it a hush agreement in exchange for
Daniel's silence about her claimed
relationship with Trump she received
$130,000 but Daniels legal team says the
president never signed the agreement and
so it should not be valid the document
shows several signatures one for Peggy
Peterson that's Daniels is alias and
then there's this blank space next to
where David Dennison should sign the
suit claims that's an alias for Donald
Trump Cohen did sign the agreement and
he's acknowledged that Daniels was paid
but Cohen says the president denies they
had a relationship just this last hour
NBC News has now learned that trumps
lawyer Michael Cohen has now obtained a
quote secret restraining order in a
private arbitration proceeding and
warning that storming Daniel's faces
penalties if she publicly discusses a
relationship with the president now the
White House was asked repeatedly today
about whether the president knew about
the payment I've had conversations with
the president about this and as I
outlined earlier that this case had
already been won in arbitration and that
there was no knowledge of any payments
from the president and he's denied all
of these allegations a lot of
information there by the White House
press secretary including it's her
understanding this case has already been
won in arbitration so joining me now is
MSNBC legal analyst Danny Cevallos sorry
Danny this is among the most unusual
sort of legal disputes we've seen creep
into my arena here of politics so
walk walk me through this temporary
restraining order how does an arbiter
is this secret arbitration process well
most arbitrations are secret that's why
corporations love them because they give
a big company an opportunity to resolve
an issue in secret quietly without a
public record and deny normally
consumers the opportunity to try their
case in court so it's no surprise that
this original contract contained an
arbitration clause
now stormy Daniels original complaint
here is really just about asking the
court hey tell us what our rights and
our remedies are under this contract I
don't think there's an under let's what
Daniels is saying Daniel's is saying I
don't think there's an underlying
contract because one of the parties
didn't sign it yes Michael Cohen signed
it but he signed it on behalf of EC
which is another party and while lawyers
can sometimes sign some documents
something as important as the settlement
agreement requires the actual party to
sign it now yest about the arbitration
I'll get the over - I actually want to
get to this one - stick to this a minute
aliases you can legally sign you can
sign a legal document with an alias
don't you have to provide some sort of
proof that you're the person behind the
alias doesn't there have to be some sort
of maybe it's a notary or something that
proof is a second if you look actually
it was notarized so that we can presume
a notary ask to see driver's licenses or
whatever else because Stephanie Clifford
stormy Daniel does not have a driver's
license without it Peters yeah right
right well actually if you look at her
signature it does look like she wrote
Stephanie Clifford but who knows you
need to be a handwriting analyst so in
this case when you ask about that there
is a separate document attached to the
complaint sort of a rider that says hey
all these aliases in the original
agreement this is who they are and that
is actually blacked out Donald Trump's
name is not actually in there but
Clifford's attorney Daniel's attorney
has said that is whose name is behind
the blacked out area okay so in
arbitration this temporary restraining
order and penalties that go with it now
he just throws them out there are these
penalties that only the two parties know
what the penalties are no and the reason
why we all know is because
it's attached to the complaint all you
have to do is read the agreement the
agreement provides for what are called
liquidated damages these are damages
that parties can agree to before and
they can say look if one of us breaches
I know it's gonna be worth or damage me
in the amount of 1 million dollars so
that's what you owe me so the contract
contains the liquidated damages clause
we can presume that that maybe that
dollar amount maybe what Cohen went to
seek when he went to the arbitrator now
here's where things get dicey for
Daniel's if you read the agreement
that's attached to her complaint they
have an agreement to arbitrate this gets
a little tricky but when you don't want
to be an arbitration who decides the
issue of whether you belong in
arbitration is it the court or the
arbitrator and the general rule is if
you're attacking the whole contract
itself the person who decides that is
not the court it's the arbitrator now
that doesn't mean Daniels loses all
contract law is you know is in the eye
of the beholder so it's going to be a
bit of an uphill battle in this area
okay what about the case of mr.
Denniston did not sign this agreement
that's right so Daniels argument is the
sent that is her that's her best
evidence yes in short Daniel's argument
is that the contract was what we call
void ab initio avoid from the very
beginning it never existed because he
did not sign and Trump needed to sign to
make it legitimate
however Trump's team will say that may
be true but the issue of whether or not
the underlying contract is void or is
enforceable is an issue that will be
decided by the arbitrator because you're
not saying that the arbitration clause
is faulty you're saying that the overall
contract is faulty and courts have held
including the Supreme Court that that is
an ultimate issue to be decided by that
private arbitrator sounds like she's
better off going selling her story and
forcing Cohen and Trump to Sewer in
public exactly but what they're doing is
they're suing her in private because
Cohen right right they want this
contract to exist because if you read it
it is very favourably drafted for them
although they say that black parties
drafted it that's a legal fiction
the one I guess my point is the one
bluff she can call is fine I am gonna
sell my story sue me
that's right and what I expect would
happen is they'd go to the arbitrator
say hey arbitrator and we're entitled to
these liquidated damages in the amount
of and it's a very large amount and
remember the exact number it's in the
arbitration agreement and the arbitrator
may order that the risk in going to
court is that a court may say there is
an arbitration agreement we don't have
the power to hear this case we're
shoving it back down to arbitration
that's the best outcome for trumpet team
very interesting and very confusing
Danny Cevallos thanks very much hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
