okay I love that jingle you like that I
gotta take take can't sing so that was
pretty good for him is he singing in it
no no okay maybe I was fucking okay fine
if he did singing it would be epic I
promise you I I wish he did let's pose
the question to you Rick
can a liberal man win in Texas I don't
think so today you know some people say
that Ted is far right or I'll try to
hear all that that would be true of Ted
running for City Council in New York or
mayor of San Francisco but he's not he's
running for US Senator in Texas he's
right in the middle so he's I think he's
pretty strong for politics in Texas
absolutely the middle the middle like
the center he would be like a moderate
Texan no way yeah the middle I lived
there for a whole year I promise you
Katie okay Cornel there hasn't been a
Democrat elected statewide in Texas
since 1993 so how does a Democrat forget
liberal man how does a Democrat run a
successful campaign in Texas after all
there are 50 women or a little bit less
now but a lot of women running in Texas
well I think you gotta take a look at
what's what do you see see happening in
Texas as well as around the country and
you do see a higher level of enthusiasm
for around with Democrats and you've
seen typically in an off-year and that
and that's really important you're also
seeing some problem that some things in
Texas that I think that are interesting
in nationally they're also problematic
and that's particularly when you look at
the suburbs around Texas so what you
have in Texas is you have a that is one
at the center of diversification that
you're seeing it happen in the country
growing more diverse and you also see
Suburbans particularly suburban college
educated white women breaking away from
from Republicans and their reaction to
Trump that's really problematic right
and when you look at you know the Trump
only got 52% of in Texas last time
around that was five points off what
Romney did so you you are seeing an
increasingly more competitive Texas but
you what was particularly problematic is
when you look at you know
college-educated white voters particular
college-educated white women that are
key to suburbs there in Texas when you
look at them nationally and well as and
and what you've seen in other elections
they are breaking from Republicans in a
way that we didn't even see in 2006 when
we did have the last Blueway here's the
thing we were talking about a an energy
gap a enthusiasm gap and that the
Democrats are are hanging on to or they
have more enthusiasm now than the
Republicans do the opposite was true in
2016 but and this is primary voting so
I'm gonna caveat with that with that but
Republicans easily outnumbered Democrats
at the polls on Tuesday 1.5 million to 1
million
basically that's a pretty big gap I know
for Democrats that's a record that's a
big deal but when you're looking at beta
or work who's trying to run against Ted
Cruz who who Rick says is moderate in
Texas what would you say bado needs to
do do dare give advice to a liberal man
in Texas you're asking me yeah I was
confused well one I wouldn't I wouldn't
characterize him as a liberal man in
Texas
I'll characterize him someone who's
gonna fight for the middle class that's
good right thank you well one of the
things I think he had he does have to do
is continue to drive the gender gap
right and we're seeing historic gender
gap numbers and when you look at all
those women running in Texas sort of a
record number of women women running in
Texas you do see how you do have a
reaction from women in this country that
what they see is is not right in the end
they want to fundamentally change it if
he's running on on those bread and
butter kitchen table issues and he's
energizing women particularly those
suburban women who are uncomfortable
with what they see going on in
Washington right now I think he has a
chance as any but also that Hispanic
vote is continues to grow in Texas in a
way that I think over the last couple of
you know a decade is grown by 40 50
percent that is also problematic and
also one reason why I think Ted Cruz in
one of his ads playing up his Latino
heritage and he's trying to call better
or worker liberal as well not to mention
that Rick let's talk about the trauma
fication of Texas and what happened with
George P Bush who secured the nomination
last night
for Texas Land Commissioner George P
Bush is jeb Bush's son and notably he
wrapped his arms around President Trump
even after what happened with his father
in the primaries what does that say to
you that in order for him to win the
nomination for land Commissioner
Commissioner in Texas he had to praise
the president who was quite frankly
terrible to his dad yeah it's it's a and
it is true look that's true not only a
Texas that's true all across the South
that's true in Alabama Mississippi
Louisiana Arkansas they they like Donald
Trump and it's very difficult to run if
you like Donald Trump particularly he
has a legacy name and that name is
actually was not to his benefit in this
in this election so he he's got to show
that he's going to be supportive of
Trump like I said you know Cruz is
moderate in Texas it's got to be an
awkward dinner time conversation though
right dad I'm sorry here's what I'm
doing yeah no no no doubt I mean Jeb
Bush you know look Jeb Bush was
interesting because in Florida he
actually was a very conservative
governor and he didn't campaign that way
as president and he was not really it
was a terrible campaigner and and really
positioned himself to win the
establishment vote and and Trump who
really didn't fit any of the
demographics that we normally think of
you know the evangelical the libertarian
Tea Party conservative right the
Republicans are looking for yeah the
Republican demographics he was he was
the celebrity you know he was a
celebrity candidate and all the all the
the storm ones were right for him to
pick up the nomination there was just
unforeseen and unbelievable but that's
the people were in that mood and they
wanted change and they got change hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
