my exclusive interview tonight Simona
Manji on t joins the ranks of Muller
witnesses speaking out in her case the
tie comes by family she's married to the
former Trump aide who reportedly kicked
off the FBI probe into Trump Russia
collusion in the first place mangia ante
was george papadapolis his fiancee when
he first pled guilty in this probe in
october he was the first person to plea
they were married I can say last Friday
Simona congratulations and welcome back
to the show thank you very much
good afternoon Ari good afternoon to you
as you know we are in an interesting
period hearing from multiple witnesses
mr. nunberg yesterday Roger stone today
and you here tonight on the beat when
you heard mr. nunberg criticize the
Muller investigators and say their
search was over broad he felt initially
unfair how does that compare with your
experience since you did an interview
with them first of all there is
something that the being interviewed
when the FBI teach me and it's basically
that a witness is the worst place person
to understand the relevance of its
contribution in the context of the
testimony so I don't agree at all with
mr. Neuberger when he says that it's
completely useless they refuses to
cooperate and to attend to comply with
this invitation the subpoena is
surprised to be subpoena but until the
moment of the interview could not
understand myself
the real advance of my contribution the
FBI the prosecutor have certainly a
biggest picture to which we can
contribute being truthful I would say
something as well concerning my
situation I was not simply voluntarily
talking to the FBI I was subpoenaed to
appear in front of the grand jury in
Washington myself and if mr. Namba me
surprised being an American citizen and
having worked with Trump you can imagine
how surprised that was as a foreign
citizen in the US soil and having
nothing to do with the Trump campaign a
part of my relationship with George
papadopolis
so even in these contexts which was
surely particular and some lawyers in
Europe challenged also the legitimacy of
the subpoena itself because again it's
not voluntary volunteer cooperation as
it had happened afterwards it was in
order to appear in front of the grand
jury it was dropped off yes it was in
order so I was happy to cooperate and
either or not he thinks his contribution
is going to be significant it's
something you have to do for your
country and as I said I did it as an
Italian citizen and when Jorge already
pled guilty so it was even less clear to
me the reason why they would like to
subpoena to talk to me or to subpoena me
because it was pleading guilty they
would I don't think they were going to
indict them using me to indict amassing
an important legal point as we hear from
different witnesses which is the whole
way the probe works you don't
necessarily know why they want you or
what it means it sounds like you're
suggesting you learned more once you
participated I also want to read to you
some some brand new news that came out
about this professor that tied you into
this who you work for a Josef myth sued
because BuzzFeed had this rather
extraordinary report that his biography
has disappeared from the University
where he taught he quit his job his
email and cell phones went dead and now
politicians colleagues journalists can't
find him neither can Anna who was his 31
year old Ukrainian fiancee and she says
he was the father of their newborn child
the implication in that article is that
his role as an intermediary in these
offers of dirt on Hillary Clinton and
other things that may or may not have
occurred regarding Russian interference
may have led to him either
going underground himself or in some
other way disappearing you knew him your
response yes I knew a myth sued and I as
I said I realized how important was my
testimony also when I
when I was with the FBI and they asked
me about this connection to me it makes
perfectly sense it could be a Russian
asset the fact that it disappeared
completely confirming my first idea that
it was the most shady figure ever met in
my life
it's connection to Russia are clear are
clear right now
it disappeared also for the one who used
to is now the mother of his child and he
disappeared also from Rome
I try to contact people that knew myths
just inquire about if they knew anything
about him and none of them seem to know
where he is
so it completely disappeared from art to
me this is highly suspicious and it
confirms that is a key person in this
Mueller investigation and confirms why
the prosecutor was interested and you
say the prosecutor was interested did
they ask questions that seemed to try to
ascertain whether Masood who's who's now
missing whether he was in their view
potentially a Russian asset I think they
were interested absolutely they had it
already figure it out so I think that at
the stage they talked with me they
wanted to know my connection with me so
that if I introduced the Georges
tomb if so that was one of the biggest
question mark and I helped them with the
chronology of facts and I clarified that
there there was a simply coincidence but
it makes perfectly sense that they
thought my witness was so important
that's why I said it's really big to say
no it's I'm not going to testify because
I don't think it's important we don't
know that's right you don't know what
leave they're working I want you to stay
with me I'm gonna bring in a legal
analyst and colleague of ours Nick
Ackerman and if you want to continue to
participate as I like to extend that
offer to two people who take their time
to share with us that remains open Nick
your response to what we're learning I I
think what we're learning is what you
would absolutely expect from a
prosecutor's office what they're trying
to do is put together the facts she had
information that's supplemented or
complemented what George papadopolis was
telling the government they want to
corroborate what he's saying and
certainly she was in a position to do
that and she was probably in a position
to offer other facts that the government
didn't necessarily know about so if
you're doing a thorough investigation it
seems to me that what's being described
here is totally reasonable and Simona
take a listen to what was said about
your then fiancee now husband George
papadopolis who's figured so prominently
into aspects of this by the white house
I think that Papa Davos is an example of
actually somebody doing the wrong thing
while the president's campaign did the
right thing all of his emails were
voluntarily provided to the special
counsel by the campaign
what Papadopoulos did was lie and that's
on him not on the campaign and we can't
speak for that what is your response in
view of that well they decline to face
the substance of the lie we are talking
about a professor offering dirt on
Hillary Clinton and they simply say he
did something wrong when he lied as I
said about a datum at this professor but
to me is a way to avoid to face the
substance of the matter Nick yeah I mean
I think that's right I mean they'd be
sure they're gonna try and accuse George
papadopolis of being a liar that's gonna
be their theme at trial they're gonna
accuse Rick Gates of being a liar
they're gonna accuse Michael Flynn of
you know that if Trump folks have to
make some kind of defense against these
other people implicate exactly what
cooperating wasn't right but you can't
they're all gonna be saying pretty much
the same thing I mean there's gonna be
lots of corroboration there's going to
be emails there's going to be documents
and I'll bet there's even tapes that
they have that will corroborate these
witnesses briefly do you know why we're
hearing more from witnesses now I think
part of it is that there are more
witnesses being spoken to more people
are feeling come feeling comfortable
talking to the press about it they don't
have to
but I think you're just finding or more
people that are willing to say what's
being asked now if you're a defense
lawyer you want to know what all these
people are saying because that gives you
an idea of where this whole probe is
going and what they think is going on
and it gives you an idea into the minds
of the cooperating witnesses and what
kind of information they're providing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
