we start with that breaking news
presidential councilor Kellyanne Conway
in violation of the Hatch Act the US
Office of Special Counsel which we
should point out here is not the Muller
investigation has now found that
Kellyanne Conway did in fact cross the
line in her official duties when
advocating for candidates Kristen Welker
standing live for us at the White House
and Kristen I understand that you now
have a new statement from the White
House Craig this just came in moments
ago let me read it to you this is from
Hogan get Lee who is the deputy press
secretary here and he essentially
defends Kellyanne Conway he says in a
statement that was again just released
moments ago Kelly and Conway did not
advocate for or against the election of
any particular candidate she simply
expressed the president's obvious
position that he have people in the
House and Senate who support his agenda
in fact kellyanne's statements actually
show her intention and desire to comply
with the Hatch Act as she twice declined
to respond to the host specific
invitation to encourage Alabamans to
vote for the Republican again that's
from Hogan Gidley who is the deputy
press secretary here at the White House
now the exchanges under question do
relate to that race that Senate race in
Alabama between Roy Moore and Doug Jones
and you'll recall that at the time a
president Trump despite those
accusations of sexual misconduct
including with minors against Roy Moore
the president all but endorsed him at
the moments of these interactions with
Kelly and Conway so take a look at what
the special counsel is saying violated
the Hatch Act and Doug Jones in Alabama
folks don't be fooled he'll be a vote
against tax cuts he's weak on crime weak
on borders he's strong on raising your
taxes he's terrible for property owners
so doctrinaire liberal which is why he's
not saying anything and why the media
are trying to boost him so vote Roy
Moore I'm telling you that we want the
votes in in that
the Senate to get this tax this tax bill
through liberal I just want everybody
know Doug Jones nobody ever says his
name and they pretend that he's some
kind of conservative Democrat in Alabama
and he's not so those were the exchanges
started to talk about Doug Jones that
the opponent here which you still don't
want to talk about but the president
does Roy Moore took a lead in the polls
again so those are the exchanges that
are in question Craig and again right
now the White House President Trump
seems to be standing by his longtime
adviser but pressure may be mounting let
me read you the statement from
congressman Cummings on the osc report
this is the statement saying this is not
the first time that an independent
government agency has recommended that
the White House discipline Kellyanne
Conway for breaking the law miss Conway
has received multiple trainings and
warnings yet she still refuses to follow
basic ethic rules and then here's the
big takeaway Craig must take swift and
serious disciplinary action against miss
Conway anything else sets a terrible
example and of course that from the
ranking member of the House Committee on
Oversight and Government Reform so the
pressure mounting from Democrats again
seems like the president's diggin in as
a quick reminder for everyone Kellyanne
Conway helped President Trump candidate
Trump win the election she came on she
helped him to really direct his
messaging in the final months of the
campaign she really helped him to reach
out to to harness the support of Women
Voters she has been here at the White
House from day one throughout the
transition she's been working on his
opioid the opioid issue she's really
spearheaded that effort here at the
White House and in fact there have been
a number of recent articles Craig noting
that she's one of his few early advisors
who stuck with him for this long so it
appears at this point the president not
turning his back on Kellyanne Conway
he's going to have a joint press
conference coming up here in a few hours
so we'll have a chance to ask him
directly Craig Kelly and Conway no doubt
the starch is one of the staunchest most
public advocates for this administration
we should note for our viewers and
listeners we have reached out to miss
Conway and if she is listening or
watching which we know she is inclined
to do from time to time we would
certainly like to invite her to come on
Kristin walk with that breaking news
there from the White House for us
Kristin thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
