we have breaking news now out of West
Virginia where for the past nine days
teachers have been striking kids have
been out of the classroom that seems to
be changing I want to go now to NBC's
Ron Allen at the State Capitol in
Charleston Ron there's this tweet from
the governor a statement from him just
in the last couple of minutes what's
going on he says this is deal he says
there's a five percent pay raise not
just for teachers but for all state
employees which is more than we started
with this morning the teachers as you
know holding out for a five percent pay
raise the governor said the deal has
been reached and it's 5 percent for all
state employees you've been on the front
lines here some teachers from across the
state what does this mean to you it's a
victory and it's a victory for all
public employees we are thrilled to
death and we have friends and family
that are in state government everyone
does very happy about it you've wanted
deal before though last Tuesday the
government do you really do you really
believe this is a deal I hope so because
we need to get our children back in
school what's it been like being on it
for nine days it's tiring the exhausting
that we know we're doing it for our
children and
it will make the education system in
West Virginia even better to get more
teachers coming to our state right this
is about more than just teacher pay and
health benefits as well it was about the
the state to some extent wasn't it
absolutely and we've heard from state
workers who cannot be here with us but
they're very supportive of the teachers
and the service personnel in the state
and they are getting a nice raise as
well and they are thrilled to death
there were 20,000 teachers there were
13,000 support staff 270,000 kids who
are now going to go back to school thank
many of them are oh we've talked to
students here we've had tremendous
public support tremendous support from
our students we've had student led
marches around the Capitol what does
this mean that you've been able to
accomplish this did you think you would
get five percent what did you think you
might have to compromise I didn't know
for sure we that was a minimum we should
of God that it was too too long time and
it took too long
teaching for ring ready to come back to
work a lot sooner that it took to you
now we just have to concentrate on
getting the PII that's the health care
plan and I'll tell you something a lot
of people said that the health care
issue was a bigger thing than the pay
raise because the premiums and
out-of-pocket costs were chewing up
eating up any sort of raise they were
getting in income but the bottom line is
promise of a five percent pay raise for
teachers for all state employees there's
a lot of state troopers are around here
we're very happy as well as well as
others in the Capitol who've been
watching this very closely but again
there was a deal last Tuesday night that
didn't happen this seems real though
because of the reaction for the governor
the leaders of the legislature have been
working on this the past few days and of
course it's been nine days thousands of
hundreds of thousands of kids without
school but it looks like they're you're
gonna go back tomorrow or the next day
tomorrow I'm hoping you know it needs to
sit in the House and Senate actually I
think 24 hours before it's vote we get
the call to go by tomorrow
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
