well I was in a car today he's in a car
when I remember began his interview with
sam nunn Berg I was listening to MSNBC
on Sirius radio in that car I had to
pull over at the stop do absolutely
nothing except listen to every word and
for 35 minutes I sat there and listened
as sam nunn berg unraveled and became
the number one topic trending on twitter
in the history of American news media we
had never witnessed anything like this
in his next television appearance after
re sam nunn burg was asked quite
understandably if he was drunk
in a moment we'll ask Gary Melbourne if
he thought sam nunn Berg was under the
influence of alcohol during that
interview there are many reasons why sin
number took center stage in our politics
today in a display unlike anything we've
ever seen and one of those reasons is
that Donald Trump was lying when he said
this I have the most dedicated people I
have the best people I have the best
people the Trump campaign had the very
worst people the very worst people that
any Republican campaign could have
beginning with sam nunn Berg who was
Trump's political adviser before Trump
announced his candidacy Donald Trump had
the very worst people working on his
campaign because the best people would
not consider working for a candidate
like Donald Trump experienced Republican
campaign operatives like Nicole Wallace
Steve Schmidt Stewart Stevens and Mike
Murphy is going to join us tonight
would never work on a Trump campaign and
so Donald Trump had people on his
campaign who would never be hired never
be allowed to be near a serious
Republican presidential campaign
many of them have flamed out of Trump
world none more spectacularly than Sam
Nunn Berg here's a sample of what Sam
Nunn Berg had to say today about Donald
Trump
I'm not a fan of Donald Trump and you
well know KB's do you know that you said
it I'm not a fan of it he treated Roger
and me very badly and he screwed us over
during the campaign even nothing wrong
Roger okay even nothing wrong in fact he
was treated terribly by Donald Trump do
you think that they have something on
the president I think they bag well I
think that he may have done something
during the election and Donald Trump is
responsible for this investigation
because he was so stupid after you fired
Comey they probably have something on
Trump Trump did something pretty bad I
fired a suit Roger was treated terribly
by Donald Trump Trump is the most
annoying person you've ever gonna meet
Trump world has delivered to some
institutions of higher learning the
biggest embarrassments in their history
Donald Trump is the biggest
embarrassment in the history of the
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton
School there is surely no other graduate
of that institution who believes that
trade wars are good and trade wars are
easy to win surely most of the rest of
the graduates of Wharton know that no
one no country has ever won a trade war
but Donald Trump is disgracing Wharton
once again this week by threatening a
trade war that will not kill people but
will kill American jobs but tonight a
little law school on Long Island has
reached a level of embarrassment that it
could not have seen coming sam nunn burg
is a graduate of torah law school which
was created in 1980 and fully accredited
in 1989 it's one of our youngest law
schools and we don't know what grades
Sam number got in his courses on
Criminal Procedure at Oral Law School
but today he sounded like someone who
wasn't taking a single note during those
courses Roger stone is like a surrogate
faut he's like my father you feel well
to him and I'm not gonna go in there for
them to set up a case against Roger
sym Nonnberg alternated from insisting
that his friend Roger stone has nothing
wrong has done absolutely nothing wrong
- then insisting that the special
prosecutor wants to use Sam Nunn Berg's
testimony to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that Roger stone did something
wrong why do you think after you did the
other interview do they want to make you
go in the grand jury room because
they're trying to set up a perjury case
against Roger stone and I'm not gonna
have it Rodgers my mentor Roger
is like family to me and I'm not going
to do it we have known for a couple of
years now that we have no idea what's
gonna happen next in Trump world and we
have known for over a year that we don't
know what's gonna happen next in the
trump presidency but we have developed a
set of expectations of the kinds of
things that could happen next a sudden
retirement or quitting the White House
but none of us none of us could have
predicted that a trump operative could
spend a day on live television inviting
a special prosecutor to arrest him for
refusing to comply with a subpoena from
the special prosecutor and ending his
day in the news media with this talking
to you you know I have smelled alcohol
on your breath well you have another
drink so that's not know anything else
no no no besides my beds
okay antidepressants is that okay
sure it's okay when physicians and
psychiatrists prescribe antidepressants
they are required to tell their patients
not to mix them with alcohol the Mayo
Clinic website advises that one of the
many dangerous side effects of mixing
alcohol and antidepressants is that it
can quote affect your judgment but there
is nothing on the Mayo Clinic's list of
possible side effects of mixing alcohol
and antidepressants that says it might
affect your ability to tell the truth
about Donald Trump hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
