thing one tonight an auspicious
milestone with the Trump administration
just 408 days into his presidency Donald
Trump has now spent 100 days at one of
his own cough clubs the president's
motorcade pulled into the Trump
International Golf Course in West Palm
Beach Florida at about 8:15 Saturday
morning left three hours later around
11:15 to return to his mar-a-lago resort
this video is file footage because the
press was not invited to the actual golf
course coinciding with the president's
100th day at one of his golf resorts one
fourth of his presidency
it appears the Trump Organization found
a way to mark the occasion it is
spectacularly tacky and it's thing two
in sixty Seconds the one clear perk to
being a member of a Trump Golf Club is
having access to the President of the
United States quite a bit of access as
Trump has now spent nearly one in four
days as president at one of his ELF golf
courses but now it appears a Trump
organization wants to celebrate that
point they've reportedly ordered a golf
course markers with the presidential
seal on them Eagle sign and design a
metalworking company and sign company
provided this photo to ProPublica quote
and said it received an order to
manufacture dozens of round 12-inch
replicas of the presidential seal to be
placed next to the tee boxes at Trump
Golf Course holes Republican wmic says
the order was made by Trump
International which is a problem because
legally the presidential seal is only to
be used for official government business
federal law prohibits use of the
presidential seal for commercial
ventures in fact in 2005 the Bush
administration instructed the satirical
newspaper the onion to stop using it on
its website so whether the president is
aware of this or not if dozens of
presidential seals wind up on golf tees
at his golf clubs that could be an
outright legal violation in a presidency
marked by its Cavalier mix of President
Trump and Trump Inc Korean golfers are
some of the best on earth in fact and
you know what I'm going to say
the women's US Open was held this year
at trump National Golf Club in
Bedminster New Jersey
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
