let me explain where things stand
because the president's tweets this
morning are putting a whole new spin
spin on the tariffs he announced last
week let me explain here's what the
president tweeted just a few minutes ago
we have large trade deficits with Mexico
and Canada NAFTA which is under
renegotiation right now has been a bad
deal for us a massive relocation of
companies and jobs tariffs on steel and
aluminum will only come off if new and
fair NAFTA agreement is signed also
Canada must treat our farmers much
better highly restrictive Mexico must do
much more on stopping drugs from pouring
into the US they've not done what needs
to be done millions of people addicted
and dying okay basically what he is
saying if Canada and Mexico do not
renegotiate NAFTA he's gonna hit him
with new tariffs that is huge remember
both countries are among the top five
exporters of Steel to the United States
but what about products we send to them
exports from the u.s. to Canada were
worth 267 billion bucks in 2016 and
exports to Mexico will work 231 billion
that is almost half a trillion dollars
combined what happens if those two
countries start slapping tariffs on our
products on Meet the Press Commerce
Secretary Wilbur Ross evaded the key
question is Trump really going to go
through with this what he said he has
said if he says something different
it'll be something different he has made
a decision at this point 25 in 10 if he
for some reason should change his mind
then it'll change nope that was not dr.
Seuss that was Wilbur Ross 25 and 10
he'll keep it or he won't keep in mind
Canada and Mexico are the only ones
involved here not the only ones involved
here excuse me right now the steel and
aluminum tariffs are supposed to hit all
countries over the weekend China and the
European Union said they would respond
with their own tariffs if Trump Gross
goes through with his plan the EU said
specifically target blue jeans bourbon
and harley-davidson motorcycles that
seems strange remember most bourbon is
made in Kentucky mitch mcconnell's home
state and those Harley's are
manufactured in Paul Ryan's home
district Trump responded to the threat
by saying if the EU follows through he
will impose new tariffs on European made
cars meanwhile back in the US companies
like Toyota General Motors Campbell Soup
and Hershey Hemme MillerCoors say
Trump's tariffs could hike the cost of
doing business ultimately costing the
American consumer more money but let's
go back to Wilbur Ross who says people
are making a big deal out of nothing
we're talking about a fraction of a
penny on a can of beans if nothing is
retaliated though mr. secretary and
right now Europeans have said oh no
they're retaliating and they're going to
do it quickly
retaliation isn't going to change the
price of the can of beer it isn't going
to change the price of a car it's just
not going to Wilbur Ross he and Peter
Navarro the only members of the
administration willing to push this
narrative so let's make it clear he says
no big deal
he also says 10% 25% tariffs maybe Trump
will maybe he won't so I want to focus
on maybe he won't from people I speak to
inside the White House they have said to
me this is classic Donald Trump playbook
he makes a massive policy announcement
that's in line with this campaign
narrative but completely out of step
with process procedure and any
coordination with defense state and
Treasury Department's and most
importantly out of step with White House
Counsel the president then doubles down
on Twitter and then over the weekend he
is met with resistance from Republicans
his own administration and again White
House lawyers who have not signed off on
this tariff plan the tariff plan saying
it's a matter of national security White
House Counsel has not yet agreed to that
so while Wilbur Ross says 25 and 10 and
Peter Navarro says tariffs could come as
early as early as this week I suggest
this space if it is a classic Trump
playbook expect him to change the
subject walk it back or something else
but I'm gonna bet this is not a done
deal
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
