and today in West Virginia the teachers
strike continues with every public
school in the state closed for date this
morning teachers are gathering right now
over at the State Capitol building
demanding that their State Senate passed
the five percent pay increase that was
agreed to last week so you might be
asking wait a second why hasn't this
come together yet if they have a deal
why are these kids still out of school
here's why last week the governor and
the teachers association agreed to a
five percent pay raise
okay the West Virginia House voted for
that the Senate did not instead over the
weekend they passed a bill with a four
percent raise but the teachers are not
budging they say that's not good enough
so today conference committee to try and
work it all out here's how some teachers
feel about that back and forth watch
right now I feel like they need so we
can get back to our kids kids are
suffering and they can fix it I don't
have lots of savings built up to support
myself and it's it's kind of stressful
to think of what the future can hold
NBC's Ron Allen who just saw there is at
the state capitol in West Virginia and
Ron listen you're talking with the
Senate president who is at the heart of
this conflict what's he telling you
well he's saying basically that the
state doesn't have the money to fulfill
the promise that the governor and the
lower house made to the teachers but
before we get to that detail just take a
look around the State Capitol here I
think this is somewhat unprecedented I
don't I can't remember a teachers strike
in this country in a very long time
where so many people have come out to
demand essentially fairness as they say
it there are 20,000 teachers in the
state they're all out on strike and they
were all told to be here today and I
think most of them did come here because
they feel like again as you were
pointing out that there was a deal that
the Senate is reneging on we spoke to
the leader of the Senate earlier Senator
Carmichael here's what he had to say
about why they he thinks the teachers as
if the four percent raise
not a five percent raise here's the comp
is the senator will the teachers stay
out on strike because they only got 80
percent of their demands yes they are
well I mean I think that seems a bad
message to society and to our frankly
our students that there's compromise
mature adults compromise
well there's some 270,000 students who
are out what we are two teachers we've
been talking to here Mandy and Shelley
and them so why why is still here in the
capital don't do this for myself and for
all the other West Virginia teachers and
all public employees and for future
teachers that nobody's going to so it's
now or never
it seems bigger than a four or five
percent pay raise is it it's very much
bigger than a four or five percent pay
raise we are actually fighting for the
future of our state
the constitution of West Virginia
article 12 talks about how our
legislators are supposed to provide a
thorough and efficient educational
system for our students and they've not
done that for many years there's been an
all-out attack on public education and
we're here fighting because our future
depends on it you think can you last
this out you're on strike you're not
getting paid I guess we'll make up the
days at the end of the year but this is
not easy we have a lot of community
support at least in fact many where I'm
from
you know but you have your your
individuals who don't want to support
teachers and I was telling you earlier
it hurts my heart that education even
has to be a debatable subject you know
we are here to educate the future of our
world of our country and you know that's
why we're here what's it like being out
of the classroom so long it is
really heart-wrenching to be out of the
classroom for so long because I come
from a school where we have 100% free
and reduced lunches you know we have
children who are poverty stricken and
they depend on us for their meals so we
are working to try to provide them meals
we've been packing bags and delivering
meals to student homes to try to take
care of them we miss our kids we're
worried about our kids we want to make
sure that they're safe and that they're
okay and bottom line do you think this
is an end today
no no and today
well there you have it no it's just a
lot of there's just a lot of mistrust
you have to remember there was a deal
that the teachers thought they had with
the governor who's been silent now for
the past couple of days that's that's
why there's so much resentment here now
because they thought there was a deal
and they feel like the state senators
were in digging on it and as I said
before the state senators just feel that
the state can't afford this that the
five percent pay raise was based on
unrealistic revenue estimates but so
that's where we are and they're dug in
and as you heard them say they're not
going anywhere
calli ask you a question and this is I'm
breaking the cardinal rule of television
news interactions but do you happen to
know because I don't know if you know
the answer to this what the actual
monetary amount is the difference
between 4% and 5% I've seen some reports
that supporters say it's roughly 13
million dollars do you know if that
sounds right yeah it's 13 million
dollars or so as a big-picture thing but
for most of the teachers a 5% raise on
the average is about $2,000 or so and 4%
is a couple hundred less than that but
again they're not so into the bath as
they are into the principal here and the
other thing is health insurance most of
the teachers are saying that the health
care issue is even bigger than salary
because the health care costs are are
eating them whatever incremental raises
they're going to get so that's that's a
really big deal so again that's we hear
that in a lot of places we're also
hearing by the way of some rumblings of
a strike in Oklahoma
perhaps Arizona so there are teachers
around the country for watching this and
feeling like this is the moment to get
out there what they're do hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
