let me explain where things stand
because the president's tweets this
morning are putting a whole new spin
spin on the tariffs he announced last
week let me explain here's what the
president tweeted just a few minutes ago
we have large trade deficits with Mexico
and Canada and after which is under
renegotiation right now has been a bad
deal for us a massive relocation of
companies and jobs tariffs on steel and
aluminum will only come off if new and
fair NAFTA agreement is signed also
Canada must treat our farmers much
better highly restrictive Mexico must do
much more on stopping drugs from pouring
into the US they've not done what needs
to be done millions of people addicted
and dying okay basically what he is
saying if Canada and Mexico do not
renegotiate NAFTA he's gonna hit him
with new tariffs that is huge remember
both countries are among the top five
exporters of Steel to the United States
but what about products we send to them
exports from the u.s. to Canada were
worth 267 billion bucks in 2016 and
exports to Mexico will work 231 billion
that is almost half a trillion dollars
combined what happens if those two
countries start slapping tariffs on our
products on Meet the Press Commerce
Secretary Wilbur Ross evaded the key
question is Trump really going to go
through with this what he said he has
said if he says something different it
will be something different he has made
a decision at this point 25 in 10 if he
for some reason should change his mind
then it'll change nope that was not dr.
Seuss that was Wilbur Ross 25 and 10
he'll keep it or he won't keep in mind
Canada and Mexico are the only ones
involved here not the only ones involved
here excuse me right now the steel and
aluminum tariffs are supposed to hit all
countries over the weekend China and the
European Union said they would respond
with their own tariffs if Trump Gross
goes through with his plan the EU said
specifically target blue jeans bourbon
and harley-davidson motorcycles that
seemed strange remember most bourbon is
made in Kentucky mitch mcconnell's home
state and those Harley's are
manufactured in Paul Ryan's home
district Trump responded to the threat
by saying if the EU follows through he
will impose new tariffs on European made
cars meanwhile back in the US companies
like Toyota General Motors Campbell Soup
and Hershey Hemme MillerCoors say
Trump's tariffs could hike the cost of
doing business ultimately costing the
American consumer more money but let's
go back to Wilbur Ross who says people
are making a big deal out of nothing
we're talking about a fraction of a
penny on a can of beans if nothing is
retaliated though mr. secretary and
right now Europeans have said oh no
they're retaliating and they're going to
do it quickly
retaliation isn't going to change the
price of the can of beer it isn't going
to change the price of a car it's just
not going to Wilbur Ross he and Peter
Navarro the only members of the
administration willing to push this
narrative so let's make it clear he says
no big deal
he also says 10% 25% tariffs maybe Trump
will maybe he won't so I want to focus
on maybe he won't from people I speak to
inside the White House they have said to
me this is classic Donald Trump playbook
he makes a massive policy announcement
that's in line with this campaign
narrative but completely out of step
with process procedure and any
coordination with defense state and
Treasury Department's and most
importantly out of step with White House
Counsel the president then doubles down
on Twitter and then over the weekend he
is met with resistance from Republicans
his own administration and again White
House lawyers who have not signed off on
this tariff plan the tariff plan saying
it's a matter of national security White
House Counsel has not yet agreed to that
so while Wilbur Ross says 25 and 10 and
Peter Navarro says tariffs becomes early
as early as this week I suggest watch
this
space if it is a classic Trump playbook
expect him to change the subject walk it
back or something else but I'm gonna bet
this is not a done deal I want to go to
NBC's Jeff Bennett he is live at the
White House Jeff where exactly did this
nafta threat come from the president
he's thrown out a lot
that's right Stephanie good morning well
look I asked a White House official in
just the last half hour or so if this
latest tweet should be viewed as a
potential off-ramp for the president to
lift the new steel and aluminum tariffs
he says he's going to impose if NAFTA is
renegotiated two terms viewed more
favorable to the US and the response was
it shouldn't be viewed that way this
White House official adding that
President Trump is not too concerned
about the pushback we're seeing from US
trading partners as American allies say
they may retaliate against American
products sold overseas if they're hit
with these new tariffs and that includes
by the way British Prime Minister
Theresa May who yesterday spoke with the
President to raise Britain's deep
concern over threats of a trade war deep
concern was the phrase she used so the
big question now is you laid out there
is will president Trump stick with this
policy and impose the tariffs the Trump
administration is still sending mixed
signals you've got White House trade
advisor Peter Navarro publicly drawing a
firm line against case-by-case
exemptions to the tariffs on the other
hand you have commerce secretary Wilbur
Ross leaving the door open for the
president to change his mind
President Trump for his part doesn't
intend to bow to pressure putting this
on Twitter he says to protect our
country we must protect steal hashtag
America first you see the tweet there
and people close to the president say he
thinks the announcement is a political
winner that's why he mentioned it in the
first place he gets to make good on a
campaign promise and push more
protectionist trade policies and he
thinks it may help Republicans hold on
to a tightly contested House seat
currently up for grabs in western
Pennsylvania which as you know is the
heart of a u.s. steel industry that said
Republican leaders on Capitol Hill we're
told are privately urging the President
to reconsider his decision Stephanie
okay a political winner with his base
but remember this was supposed to be an
attack on China and now suddenly the
president is talking about drugs in
Mexico and Canada mistreating farmers I
want to bring my panel in Washington
Post White House bureau chief Phil
or who had an amazing piece out this
weekend Republican strategist Evan
Siegfried and Princeton University
professor Eddie Glaude failed to you you
wrote about the president's state of
mind do you ultimately do you think he
ultimately walks this thing back as
people are saying this is Wilbur Ross
versus Gary Cohen this is a president
Trump versus the law yeah he certainly
could walk it back I've covered him long
enough to know that nothing's final
until its final because he's a president
who changes his mind on stuff all the
time but I would point out he's had a
nationalist posture on trade dating back
to the 1980s this is one of the few
issue areas where he has a court
conviction and a core belief and he's
held to it through his various
flirtations with politics over the years
including his campaign of 2016 and then
in the presidency so I wouldn't be
surprised if he sticks to this these new
tariffs but again he could certainly
change his mind
except of course this policy would not
give President Trump Evan the end result
he's looking for I go back to the
beginning and said this is to go after
China where are we doing that they have
came a great dinner in Beijing so why
not I mean this is really if the
president had bothered to actually read
his subscription to Forbes magazine
instead of being spanked by it he'd
realize that the GOP orthodoxy is that
tariffs like this are actually bad trade
wars are bad they hurt the American
consumer now there are a hundred forty
thousand steel jobs in the United States
and yes it's good to try and protect
them and help those American workers but
at the expense of five million other
manufacturing jobs you have car
companies who are from foreign or
foreign car companies who have plants in
South Carolina Texas Alabama and they
are gonna have to lay off workers and
the president saying well of these or
and Wilbur Ross particularly or saying
well you know the costs won't really be
passed on to the consumer but that's a
load of horse hooey we actually have in
our party an argument when Bernie
Sanders says we should raise taxes we
say yes it's gonna be passed on to the
consumer but
we're ignoring that the consumer if
you're gonna be going out and buying a
$35,000 car they're gonna be paying an
extra $175 because of these tariffs and
that is 20% of the tax cuts which the
president has been touting why are you
going to harm the economic progress of
the nation it doesn't make sense and the
president was a hundred percent wrong
steal isn't the only thing in
Pennsylvania last I checked
Hershey's was Hershey's those Hershey
Kisses what do you think they're wrapped
in aluminum foil jingling beer love yes
giggling beer those cans come from the
state of PA Eddie I want to read from
you part of that Washington Post report
where they say Trump's friends are
increasingly concerned about his
well-being worried that the president's
obsession with cable commentary and
perceived slights it's taking a toll on
a 71 year old pure madness lamented one
ally here's what I find really
interesting a lot of those allies are
the Palm Beach set and two weeks ago
they were saying turn down the volume on
the TV don't worry it's Trump being
Trump but now this is going to affect
markets and they certainly don't like
that so suddenly Trump friends are
saying Gary Cohn Steve minuchin helped
Trump fly straight but where's Mitch
McConnell where are Republicans starting
to say this doesn't work for us right so
it seems to me that Trump is okay when
he's in alignment with Republican policy
when he's not then something's wrong
with him we need to we need to worry
about his mental stability and then
there's the question of the adults in
the room supposedly furnishing a ballast
or providing a ballast for him and so
the question is that's what what are the
adults in the room doing at this moment
but I think it's really important I want
to echo something that Phil Rucker said
I think this policy is actually
consistent with who Donald Trump is
remember a long time ago when Steve
Bannon talked about the three buckets
we're going to deconstruct the
administrative state we're gonna have
something about national sovereignty and
economic nationalism this is the
economic nationalist piece and Jonathan
Swan and Axios was reporting that
there's this debate that he had between
Ross and Navarro and Cohn and
and the Newton right and and and What
did he say I didn't think you guys were
globalist right I'm a nationalist he's
described that language of globalists so
this is actually consistent with Donald
Trump's actual core belief but how
dangerous is this film we've heard I
just saw Anthony scaramouche II a week
ago saying listen when the economy is
doing so well when the markets are doing
so well you don't see Americans turn
against the president if the economy
takes a turn gets hit the markets get
hit based on these policies won't that
hurt President Trump by any laws of
politics it should I mean that the one
good thing that the best thing Trump has
going for him right now is the state of
the economy the indicators are strong
the Republicans are counting on the
economic indicators to carry them
through these midterms this November and
if Trump starts you know making moves
that jolt the markets he could be in for
some trouble I want to talk a little bit
about the power of a Trump tweet the
power of Trump going of going after
places like Canada and Mexico it's
pretty crafty of the EU to say we're
gonna go after bourbon we're gonna go
after blue jeans they're savvy enough to
say we're going to go after Trump
country does it show in some way that
the emperor has no clothes when a bully
uses the same tactics over and over
again over time people aren't afraid no
they're not afraid but you're seeing the
markets just being spooked because even
though they're not afraid of him they
know he has the power to actually move
the markets I think Phil was to actually
write in that he was talking about how
this is going to impact in the elections
I think that even despite how well the
economy is going Republicans have a very
very tough road ahead we saw it in 2017
it didn't help Republicans we're seeing
it in 2018 in the special elections
there's a visceral reaction among the
electorate toward Trump and Republicans
the generic congressional ballot it's
Democrat plus 15 to 20 or depending upon
where you look and in a state like
Pennsylvania when you start hurting them
economically
you only need six seats and or you can
probably get six seats in Pennsylvania
that's 1/4 of the seats you need to take
back the house and prep
and it's and if you get those you're
well on your way and on top of that
Trump talks about standing up to China
and that's why he want to do the tariffs
in the first place when as he stood up
to China did he stand up to them when
they were stealing our IP did he stand
up to them when they were engaging in
aggressive geopolitical and economic in
colonization of other countries like the
Bahamas Greece Africa
no in fact Donald Trump violated his
pledge of no new foreign business deals
while he was president for a wholly
owned and operated company by the
Chinese government called China State
construction engineering corporation and
you know who runs it she Shing ping so
why is Donald Trump standing up to China
by saying thank you what for that nice -
a little bit he's admiring he's look at
Xi Jinping who could now be a lifetime
ruler and saying I want to get on that
train Eddie I want to talk about
President Trump has been brilliant in
gaining the loyalty from people from
Trump country from the farm community
but is he going to deliver for them
because Canada to the point we just made
already threatened to retaliate Mexico
could do the same if that happens
farmers they're the ones who could get
hurt hit the hardest I want you to look
at this between Canada China Mexico and
the European Union they imported nearly
seventy billion bucks of US agriculture
in 2016 if countries cut back on those
products farmers could get get get hit
the hardest
when President Trump first one and he
said I want to go after NAFTA right it
was his AG secretary who came to him
with it with an electoral college map
and said sir these are your farm
counties these are who voted for you
you're going to hit them where do you
think they send their milk and eggs so
there's that there's that the reality is
is very clear that if the trade war is
executed if it if it's launched then
we're going to have some serious effects
on everyday ordinary people but in
particularly workers but there's a
saying that there's an irony here
Stephanie when you listen to Trump Co
the president of afl-cio when you listen
to Leo's yard of the US Steel Workers
they're excited about this right and so
what we have here is this interesting
kind of tension not between Republican
orthodoxy and-and-and liberal
Democratic unions are democratic-leaning
unions but what we have here is this
reality that everyday American workers
are catching hell in the economy as it
is currently organized Trump came in
saying I'm gonna change the game right
because we need to do something to help
workers right we know the tax policy
isn't going to help workers right this
is kind of a little something that give
them the illusion that it's gonna help
them but what we do know is that whether
you're farming or whether you're working
in a steel mill or whether you're
working cleaning up a building here at
30 rock right you need some help and
Trump is trying to give the illusion
that he's trying to do something give
the illusion all right Phil Rucker last
call to you what do you think this is
going to look like my guest tariffs 25
and 10 will get something but it's not
gonna look like that I think you might
be right I mean I think Trump may give
in just a little bit here this seems to
be an ongoing negotiation for him that
of course is playing out on Twitter as
some of his negotiations do by hand by
his own hand that's right I don't know
where it's gonna land but he's certainly
taking a lot of input there are people
inside his administration but also most
definitely on Capitol Hill in his own
party who are have strong opposition to
this who are going to be trying to make
their case as persuasively as they can
their focus on it markets focus on it
everybody is Evan is because those
Hershey Kisses they're made with love
and they're wrapped in aluminum
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
