if you get some young kids were coming
in to manage to sneak into the United
States with their parents our department
of homeland security personnel going to
separate the children from their moms
and dads we yes I am considering in
order to deter more movement along this
terribly dangerous Network I am
considering exactly that they will be
well cared for as we deal with their
parents
general Kelley later claimed he never
said that he was considering using
family separation as an immigration
deterrent but it looks like the practice
is happening anyway according to a
lawsuit just filed by the ACLU a 39 year
old Congolese woman seeking asylum in
the United States was detained by
immigration officials along with her
seven-year-old daughter
at first they were detained together in
San Diego but then according to the ACLU
for no clear reason government officials
took the child away from her mom and
moved her to a facility in Chicago the
two have been separated for four months
Jimmy now is legal earned deputy
director of the ACL u--'s immigrants
rights project who's representing the
mother identified as micelle this is a
horrific story Lea explain to us what
happened to this mom and her daughter
absolutely horrific and unfortunately
it's not the only situation it's
widespread across the country so this
woman and child came to the u.s. seeking
asylum and importantly they had an
initial Cylon screening interview past
the mother past which means she has a
significant possibility of ultimately
obtaining silent okay they put them
together for four days after four days
they brought the child into another room
this is from the mother telling me in
anguishing detail she heard the daughter
screaming in the next room please don't
take me away from my mommy please don't
take me away from my that's the last
time she's seen her daughter it's been
nearly four months she's had
approximately six phone calls with her
daughter in four months not even a video
connection she was not told where her
daughter is going why her daughter's
being taken it was even four days before
she got to speak to her daughter
this mother like any mother is just in
gut-wrenching anguish she being accused
of some you know abused
reason why she cannot be with her
daughter or this literally just punitive
to punish her for trying to seek asylum
well interestingly the government has
never said why they're doing it but
they've never asserted that she was
abusive or neglectful or in any way an
unfit mother
general Kelly when he was the head of
Homeland Security said we heard we just
played it on fox news that he was
willing to use family separation as a
deterrent essentially as a way to stop
people from trying to come to the United
States from my guest countries that
Kelly and Trump etc don't want from the
Democratic Republic and particularly
children I mean there are children seven
years old even younger are just pawns
now in some kind of crazy public policy
experiment now the administration seems
to be backing off and saying well we're
still contemplating whether to formalize
it as a national policy but people need
to understand is whether or not it's
called a quote unquote policy it's
happening in practice it is widespread
we're hearing about hundreds of parents
and little kids being separated and are
these parents and kids from specific
countries and regions of their world all
different countries so this family we're
representing now is from the Congo
they're from a variety of countries
deterring asylum seekers is just wrong
and illegal people have a right to apply
for asylum and you cannot take a mother
and child and separate them the medical
community is overwhelmingly denouncing
this policy absolutely the pediatricians
have warned against family separations
the American Academy of Pediatrics in
March or 2017 issued a finding that
federal authorities must exercise
caution to ensure the emotional and
physical stress children experience as
they seek refuge in the United States is
not exacerbated by the additional trauma
of being separated from their siblings
parents or other relatives and
caregivers how long are they keeping
these families apart on average months
and months you know we're trying to get
at it the government is not giving us
information so we're trying to find all
the different families and sometimes the
children don't even know where the
parents are in vice versa and the
lawyers for the two don't know where
each other are we were lucky to find out
where this parent and child were so we
could bring this lawsuit but we will
continue to fight this nationwide this
is not the end of what we're gonna do it
seems extraordinary to me that a
government of a country that claims to
be a compassionate nation would think
that there's any good reason
separate a little child a seven-year-old
from her mom and held them separately
are they are they being held in some
sort of incarceration is it house arrest
where are these two the mother is in a
prison you know flat-out whatever
whatever you want to call it it's a
prison right it houses immigration
detainees and criminal defendants and
the daughter is in a facility and so the
question is not really whether if the
daughter had no parents whether the
facility is adequate yeah it's the fact
that she is crying for her mother every
day she's a little seven-year-old girl
and the mother it can't sleep or eat
because she's worried about the daughter
there is no legitimate reason for doing
this any reason would be because this
administration thinks if the word goes
out around the world you may lose your
child you will risk persecution or death
in your own country rather than risk
losing your child and has the government
indicated to you as the attorneys that
this mother could get her daughter back
if she chooses to leave they have not
said that in a specific case but that's
what we are hearing all around the
country people are being told oh you
want your kid back just give up and
leave on unconscionable disgusting and
shameful these are the only words I can
use to describe this legal learn thank
you very much for shedding light on this
updated or word thank you very much in
just a half an hour the ACLU is
launching a campaign in DC to demand
that Trump take action to protect young
immigrants check out People Power org
slash dream action for more information
we'll put that on our social media as
well so that you can pick that up Laurie
and more aimed or after three hey there
are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
