but then this afternoon the New York
Times published a freaking 40 page long
13,000 word mind-bending expose about
the president specifically about his
money and how he got it which turns out
to be a hundred and eighty degree
different story than the president's own
account of how he made his money this
story also potentially implicates the
president and pretty substantial fraud
and tax evasion so I mean okay everybody
on the on the staff here on this show we
now have these little poker chips our
show just had our ten-year birthday
which you're very happy about it big
milestone for us right nobody makes it
to ten years and to celebrate my sweetie
Susan bought all of us these little
poker chips can I hold one up can we
show it on this camera can we show it
there there we go look it can even focus
so it says the Rachel Maddow Show on one
side and on the other side it says lucky
ten cuz we made it to ten years it's
very sweet right so this is sort of our
staff present for turning ten I love it
and it turns out tonight wouldn't take
long they help tell this story
alright mmm December 1990 Donald Trump
owns a casino called the Trump Castle in
Atlantic City he has done a very bad job
running that casino he has way over
spent on renovations otherwise dumped
way more cash into it than the business
could keep up with and on December 17
1990 his casino the Trump Castle needed
to make a payment a multi-million dollar
interest payment on a big loan they had
taken out for that failing casino just
hours before that payment was due really
looked like Trump was not going to make
it which would have dire consequences
and so his dad who was then 85 years old
sent a bagman to this casino to Donald
Trump's casino in Atlantic City the the
dude he said his name was Howard
Schneider walked into Trump's casino in
Atlantic City he went up to the cage
where all the cashiers work on the
casino floor and he handed them a check
for three point three five million
dollars the cashiers verified that the
check was good and the casino promptly
handed over to Howard Schneider a big
pile of poker chips here
each worth $5,000 3.3 million dollars
worth of poker chips Howard Schneider
took those poker chips put him in a bag
and left he did not play poker with them
he did not gamble with them he just took
the poker chips away apparently the next
day turned out that that three point
three five million dollars wasn't enough
Donald Trump's still in trouble still
not gonna make the interest payment
Trump's dad the next day wired another
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
that casino
once again they checked that the wire
was good the money was there from
Trump's dad they issued another hundred
and fifty thousand dollars in poker
chips $5,000 a chip dude pick them up
put them in a bag did not gamble with
those chips he just took them and he
left the building poker chips are
awesome take it from me I now have a new
habit of playing with them all the time
now because we have them for the show
his little chess keys they're fun but in
December 1990 Donald Trump's dad spent
3.35 3.35 and then another 150 so 3.5
million dollars just buying a big bag of
these that he got to take home and
they're neat but they don't actually
have integral value unless you're gonna
spend them at the casino
he just got a big bag of chips in love
with it three and a half million dollars
worth that was illegal but it was also
handy in the moment when Donald Trump
was up against that big deadline from
the bank that three and a half million
dollars in that moment it sort of
ostensibly looked like gambling income
for the casino that came in just in time
so the casino could make its interest
payment of course it wasn't gambling
income for the casino it was just Donald
Trump's dad transferring three and a
half million dollars to his son without
paying any taxes on it to bail his son
out so he could pay off the bank
ultimately they actually got caught for
that by gambling regulators said if he
has $65,000 fine for having pulled off
that scheme with the poker chips that
they did not gamble with in the end no
$65,000 fine who cares small potatoes
right the whole scheme worked and this
is one of many anecdotes that the New
York Times recounts today about how
Donald Trump's entire business life has
been bankrolled to spectacular
fact by his dad which he has always
denied I'm this anecdote about the poker
chips is actually one that we've seen
reported before actually shortly after
it happened this happened in December
1990 The Wall Street Journal were a
story about it in January of 1991 and
it's interesting there's even a little
bit of foreshadowing for all of us in
the way that story was initially
reported Wall Street Journal broke the
story about the poker chips scheme and
Donald Trump's dad's bagman in January
of 1991 a few months later by that
summer The Wall Street Journal had
actually taken that reporter off the
Donald Trump beat because unbeknownst to
the editors at The Wall Street Journal
at the time that reporter had once taken
some boxing tickets off Trump tickets
specifically to the Evander Holyfield
George Foreman fight that year in
Atlantic City editors at The Wall Street
Journal found out that their reporter
had done that had taken those tickets
when Trump himself called the editors of
the paper to complain about their
negative news coverage of him having
compromised this reporter by slipping
him some boxing tickets that he'd have
to keep secret from his bosses Trump
then dropped the guillotine right he
knocked that reporter out to his editor
for taking the tickets and then he got
that dude taken off the Trump reporting
beat black it's gross like both the
story that they were initially reporting
on and that kind of management of the
press thereafter I mean that was 1990
1991 but that's the bubbling toxic stew
we all live in now when it comes to
covering not just this presidency but
the federal government that he now
controls what The Times has documented
in this new blockbuster piece of
reporting on Trump's finances is that
that scummy little anecdote when Trump's
dad sends in a bagman to illegally and
secretly bail out his son and evade
taxes that was not a one-off that was
that was emblematic of a pattern and
indeed a plan that shows us a wildly
different story about the president's
wealth and his business history than
anything that he has ever admitted to
publicly it also appears to implicate
him as I mentioned in tax evasion fraud
and other potential criminal behavior
part of the reason this behavior in this
larger pack
of the president's financial history
hasn't come to light before now is
because the times somehow for this story
obtained hundreds of thousands of
previously unseen documents from the
Trump family and their businesses and
their financial entities no they still
did not get Donald Trump's personal tax
returns but they apparently did get his
dad's and reams and reams and reams of
family business documents both from
public sources and also apparently from
private files so that's one reason this
story has never come to life before this
documentation has never been used for
journalistic purposes before but the
other reason this story about Trump's
financial history hasn't really been
told before at least not in this level
of detail is because of what the times
quite candidly describes as the history
of Trump getting uncritical press
coverage particularly around his
finances he has not been a financial
genius he has not been a great deal
maker he has not been a great business
mind but he has been great at convincing
the credulous press to describe him as
such over a period of decades and that
big blustery PR effort was effective at
disguising this blatant con that he
played on the public for years
pretending to be some kind of self-made
millionaire are even self-made
billionaire when apparently he really
isn't anything of the sort here's the
lead from the times tonight quote
President Trump participated in dubious
tax schemes during the 1990s including
instances of outright fraud that greatly
increased the fortune he received from
his parents mr. Trump won the presidency
proclaiming himself a self-made
billionaire and he's long insisted that
his father provided almost no financial
help but the times his investigation
based on a vast trove of confidential
tax returns and financial records
reveals that mr. Trump received the
equivalent today the excuse me received
the equivalent today of at least four
hundred and thirteen million dollars
from his father's real estate empire
starting when he was a toddler and
continuing to this day quote in every
era of mr. Trump's life his finances
were deeply intertwined with and
dependent on his father's wealth by age
3 mr. Trump was earning $200,000 a year
today's dollars from his father's empire
he was a millionaire by age 8 soon after
mr. Trump graduated from college he was
receiving the equivalent of a million
dollars a year from his father the money
increased with the years to more than 5
million dollars annually in his 40s and
50s Fred Trump Donald Trump's father was
relentless and creative in finding ways
to channel his wealth to his children he
made Donald not just his salaried
employee but also his property manager
his landlord his banker and his
consultant he gave him low and after
loan many of which were never repaid he
provided money for his car money for his
employees money to buy stocks money for
his first Manhattan offices and money to
renovate those offices
he gave Donald Trump three trust funds
he gave him shares and multiple
partnerships he gave him $10,000 checks
at Christmastime he gave him laundry
revenue from his buildings but being a
young man who was just living off his
dad's considerable wealth just being on
the receiving end of his dad his dad
giving him tons and tons of money and
paying for everything in his life that
apparently was not the public image that
Trump wanted for himself for that
Trump's dad wanted for his son and so
the selling of a contrary and untrue
public image about Donald Trump himself
being some sort of self-made business
maven that is something that Trump
orchestrated but the press really helped
him out he couldn't have done it without
them and this is where the Times gets
very candid even about its own role in
this part of the public lie of Donald
Trump quote he's tall lean and blond
with dazzling white teeth and he looks
ever so much like Robert Redford he
rides around town in a chauffeured
silver Cadillac with his initials DJ T
on the plates he dates slinky fashion
models belongs to the most elegant clubs
and at only 30 years of age estimates
that he is worth more than two hundred
million dollars so began a November 1
1976 article in The Times one of the
first major profiles of Donald Trump and
a cornerstone of decades of myth making
about his wealth
how could he claim to be worth more than
two hundred million dollars when he
would divulge later to casino regulators
that his taxable income that year in
1976 was actually 24th ow
and 594 dollars for the whole year at
the times in 1976 apparently bought it
hook line and sinker and then they
turned around and sold it to the public
quote in the chauffeured Cadillac Donald
Trump took the times this reporter on a
tour of what he called his quote jobs he
told her about the Manhattan hotel he
planned to convert into a Grand Hyatt
his father guaranteed the construction
loan he told her the Hudson River wrote
he took her to the Hudson River railroad
yards that he planned to develop the
rights were purchased by his father's
company he showed the reporter quote our
philanthropic endeavor the high-rise for
the elderly in East Orange New Jersey
that too was bankrolled by his father
also an apartment complex on Staten
Island which was owned by his father
what he called their quote flagship
Trump Village in Brooklyn that too was
owned by his father and finally Beach
Haven apartments which were also owned
by his father quote even the Cadillac
was leased by his father but he didn't
talk about his father's ownership of any
of those things he passed it all off as
his own and that he boasted to the times
and they dutifully printed quote so far
I've never made a bad deal as The Times
concludes today now knowing that
everything he was passing off as his own
was actually owned by his dad at the
time concludes today quote it was a
spectacular con and they've got all this
detailed reporting that just makes the
story get worse and worse and worse
quote weeks after the time says profile
ran Fred Trump set up still more trust
for his children ceding each with
today's equivalent of 4.3 million
dollars even into the early 80s when
Trump was already proclaiming himself to
be one of America's richest men he was
still on his father's payroll drawing an
annual salary of two hundred and sixty
thousand dollars meanwhile Fred and his
companies also began extending large
loans and lines of credit to Donald
Trump consider 1979 when he borrowed in
January from his dad 1.5 million dollars
in February $65,000 in March one hundred
and twenty two thousand dollars in April
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
in May one hundred and ninety two
thousand dollars in June two hundred and
twenty six thousand dollars in July two
point four M
and in August 40,000 he borrowed all of
that money month after month after month
after month all from his debt quote in
theory the money had to be repaid in
practice records show many of these
loans were more like gifts the the
column of bundled nerves that runs down
the spine of this story is not just that
Trump took over four hundred million
dollars from his father and lied for
decades about having built some sort of
business empire on his own when really
what he was doing for decades which is
cashing his dad's checks the stuff that
rings like a bell in this reporting not
just for what you might have thought
about Donald Trump in the past but for
him now it's not just about the lying
and the false public persona that became
his political persona when he decided to
turn it into that the tough stuff here
is about crime
it's about potential criminal fraud and
criminal tax evasion and being on the
hook for that even now that's next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
