I like taking the guns early like in
this crazy man's case that just took
place in Florida he had a lot of fires
they saw everything to go the court
would have taken a long time so you
could do exactly what you're saying but
take the guns first go through due
process second it doesn't make sense
that I have to wait till I'm 21 to get a
handgun but I can get this weapon at 18
I don't know so I just curious as to
what you did in your bill we didn't
address in this president look I think
you know a lot is you're afraid of the
NRA right now somebody can buy a handgun
at 21 right now this is not a popular
thing to say in terms of the NRA but I'm
saying it anyway welcome back to am joy
over the course of just a few days we
learned who the real boss is when it
comes to gun policy and it's not Donald
Trump it's the National Rifle
Association on Wednesday at a bipartisan
gathering of Senators Trump surprised
everybody by seeming to break with his
party on guns he suggested raising the
age at which you can buy an assault
weapon from 18 to 21 rejected concealed
carry of guns across state lines and
even suggested confiscating guns from
the mentally ill much of it sounded like
heresy to the gun lobby and Republicans
were quick to downplay what looked like
a rift with the NRA so it was a bit
astonishing to hear his language there
and people around there we're shaking
the table what kind of shaking their
heads but you can you can chalk that up
to just he misspoke the president has
challenged the Congress he's challenged
the nation I have seen this movie before
unwilling to give an inch the NRA
quickly dismissed Trump's comments as
nothing more than a photo-op I thought
it made for really good TV but I thought
some of what was discussed is gonna make
for really bad policy that is not going
to protect our kids
uh-huh and by Thursday the
administration was walking back its
rhetoric Trump met with the NRA in a
meeting that he described on Twitter as
good great in the NRA stop lobbyists
declared victory tweeting POTUS and V
POTUS support the Second Amendment
support strong due process and don't
want gun control hashtag in our rate
hashtag
all this serves as a reminder that
despite record low favorability the NRA
still wields a lot of power at the
federal and state levels enough to
ensure the absolute obedience of the
American president at this hour Florida
Senate is set to hear a bill that
contains both modest gun reform measures
and provisions that could lead to arming
teachers in Florida schools because
that's what the NRA and it's uber
lobbyist Marion hammer want joining me
now is Fred Guttenberg whose daughter
Jamie was among those killed in the
shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School and sir first of all they
are our condolences to you on the loss
of your daughter good morning good
morning thank you so what do you make of
the debate that's going on in
Tallahassee right now there's been a lot
of pressure on lawmakers from you
families your families to do something
on gun reform but all they're doing is
some modest reforms but they're still
not willing to do things like banning
assault weapons and to do that to take
the steps to get that just please the
NRA what do you make of that well first
I love the fact I live in Florida it's a
great place to live unfortunately I have
some elected officials who even in the
spite of the fact that this tragedy
happened in Florida can't get out of the
way of the NRA it is it is mind-boggling
to me that this session could
potentially end next week without any
reform let alone mild or modest reform
I'm learning an awful lot about the the
the political sausage making process two
weeks ago I was just Jamie and Jessie's
dad and this process is ugly I'm baffled
I am confused I am annoyed I am enraged
at the fact that the elected officials
of this state are putting more credence
in the NRA than they are an MSD which
stands for marker stone and Douglas the
high school that just got shot up they
have an obligation they have a
responsibility to act on our behalf not
on the NRA and I will say something
about that
the business leaders of this country are
showing heroic ly you can go up against
the NRA and you'll be fine okay they are
a nothing organization other than the
aura of power okay which elected leaders
seem to buy into the business leaders
are gonna show you can go against C NRA
and you can be fine
and for those elected officials who do
not who won't do the right thing on
behalf of my family and all the others
we will fire them were you familiar with
Marion hammer before all of this
happened
no but boy I've gotten a lot of articles
on her since I guess from what I
understand she is an awfully powerful
person in Tallahassee she is the NRA
lobbyist and when she says how she wants
things to go there's a lot of people in
Tallahassee who fall in line yeah
shamefully so even after a tragedy like
this yeah absolutely let's talk about
Marco Rubio I'm you confronted Marco
Rubio at the CNN Town Hall and had some
words for him Marco Rubio waited until
well after that event was over to tweet
about the students in Parkland he said
the debate after Parkland reminds us
that we the people don't really like
each other very much we smear those who
refused to agree with us we claim a
judeo-christian heritage but celebrate
arrogance and boasting and worst of all
we have infected the next generation
with the same disease by that infected
next generation I believe he means the
survivors of the park the massacre the
students the Friends of your late child
no don't don't be easy on him me and you
don't believe he said it's what he
believes it's what he said it's what he
means I'm gonna say this about senator
Rubio and I replied to his comment that
you just read directly to him
senator Rubio need to stay out of this
because clearly he is nothing productive
to add the idea that he would called me
but even more so those kids not nice to
him you know what I lost my daughter
those kids live through a tragedy we
have every right to speak up and speak
out and demand
and Marco Rubio you know what you have
no business being involved in this if
you can't be productive I will I want to
say something about senator Rubio okay
every single elected official in the
state who represents me as well as some
on a national level and from other
states called me in the aftermath offer
condolence senator Rubio
not even a tweet not even a text not a
phone call so the idea that he's gonna
judge me and the other families when
he's the only person who didn't even
personally reach out I am sorry you have
no standing to speak to us on this issue
you lost that long ago you are clear as
to where you're you know who your
commitment is to I do not want to hear
from you anymore on this issue if you
would like to meet with me one on one
not in front of the media not through
your messages one on one so you can hear
from my heart and my head and we can
keep the cameras out I'd be happy to do
that nothing would be make me feel
happier than to know you and I can come
to a place where actually we agree on
something related to gun safety and I
would be open about it if we did but the
positions you're taking and the words
you're using right now you've got no
standing my friend none and sir we
definitely want to hear from you and
from the other families what you want to
see in terms of gun reform legislation
what would you want to see an honest
effort that leads to a real result as a
father let me take a step back I'm an
American I love this country I love our
democracy I love the process I think
sometimes it gets messy but I love the
process no matter who's in charge
because because it's truly American what
I don't like is what happened this week
and I respect my elected officials I
respect them you know if you take the
time to run for office and get elected
whether you're on the House Senate or
you're president I respect you but
respect is a two-way street what we saw
so far this week was a dog-and-pony
show it was a game I kind of felt like I
was part of a chess match and I don't
play chess but I know there's a lot of
strategy involved what we saw with the
show that was public with everybody
sitting at a table around the president
was it game it was a charade it was fake
it was intended to to show us they were
doing something without ever having the
intent to really do anything
you know what respect is a two-way
street I respect my elected officials I
need them to respect us and the families
who just lived through this what they
did this week well to quote one of my
favorite people and it's one of the kids
who lived through this Massacre I call
BS what they did this week was BS okay I
expect them to put a real effort real
legislation have real hearings and take
steps in regards to gun safety we can
debate what that is in regards to public
safety and fortifying buildings not just
schools but buildings so that we can go
out in public and not have fear of being
shot yeah and what do you make of Donald
Trump's reversal on the issue of whether
or not a 19 year old should be able to
buy an assault weapon he seemed to agree
with the majority of Americans that a 19
or should not be able to buy an assault
weapon and then he changed his mind what
would you say to him sir you're a
business person look at what the
business community is doing showing
they're not afraid of the NRA you should
follow them and not be afraid of the NRA
stamp stiffen your spine
stand up stick with what you said follow
your business leader friends because
they are showing you the way do not be
afraid of the NRA Fred Guttenberg thank
you so much sir thank you for speaking
out and again we give you our deepest
condolences but thank you for your voice
thank you thank you thanks and my panel
now joins me now to discuss Kareem jump
here he's a senior advisor for
moveon.org Jason Johnson his politics
editor at the root calm and Fernando
Maundy is a Democratic pollster from my
former home state of Florida I want to
get your reaction to what you just heard
from Fred Guttenberg for Anand
Wow it's powerful I mean as powerful as
he was the night of the CNN Town Hall
when he called Marco Rubio pathetically
weak you heard what he said in those
very emotional words and to really
paraphrase Kanye West what Fred
Guttenberg just said is that the
National Rifle Association does not care
about dead American children and we
cannot count on any Republican
officeholders right now to show us the
legislation the sign legislation joy
that is going to bring about the change
that is necessary it is these Parkland
parents and these Parkland students that
are setting the lead for this country
America's corporate interests are
following suit you see what Delta did
just the other day when they said that
their values are not for sale meanwhile
we listen to this President of the
United States say something one day
something on the other day only a fool
would continue to believe anything this
compulsive liar talks about and I don't
anticipate anything happening until what
former congressman jolly said former
Republican congressman jolly joy he said
if you want action on gun control in
this country if you want gun reform now
you need to vote out every single
Republican member of Congress until that
happens don't expect any action on gun
control and you know as if to reinforce
that point can we jump here NPR reports
the Congress there's there's no plan of
action for any gun lenez legislation
ahead of the two-week Easter recess in
the end of March the Senate will take up
Idaho Idaho Republican senator mark cray
pose bipartisan legislation to ease make
regulations another one new york times
on the challenges facing senator
Cornyn's bill to fix the background
check system to fix Nick's act we hear
so much about which people on both sides
of the gun debate agree is modest has 49
sponsored in the Senate mr. McConnell
cannot sidestep Senate rules to bring it
to the floor quickly for a vote because
unanimous consent is required to do so
at least one senator Republican Mike Lee
of Utah has objected not to mention the
money here's how much money the NPR
spent to help Donald Trump in the GOP in
2016 fifty four fifty four point four
million dollars on the 2016 election
thirty-one point two million to elect
Trump 19 point eight million against
Clinton so that money and that obedience
on the part of Republicans seems to be
changed by parkland I think that's
exactly right
look the Republican Party and Donald
Trump are wholly owned subsidiaries of
of the NRA I mean that is just a fact
just what you listed out shows that over
and over again and you know in the past
week Donald Trump has spent more time
meeting with the NRA than meeting with
gun violence victims I mean that is that
is where we are everything that he's
doing and saying that makes you think he
might make a change it's just a
head-fake he's going to go in line he
will not do anything that the NRA does
not want him to be doing and one of his
first executive orders was to make it
easier for mentally ill people to get
guns I mean so the only way we are going
to stop this is just like with those
kids those victims the Parkland victims
have been saying just like Fernan has
been saying is that this is it in
November we gotta go to the polls
we got a kick these folks out we got to
kick the Republicans out of office and
make a big statement that's the only way
anything is going to change and you know
Jason I want to play for you two
presidents talking about the issue of
guns one of whom is speaking from a
point of view of absolute obeisance and
obedience and the other whom is Ronald
Reagan first let's listen to Donald
Trump last year at the NRA convention
but you came through for me and I am
going to come through for you the
eight-year assault on your Second
Amendment freedoms has come to a
crashing end
you have a true friend and champion in
the White House
no longer will federal agencies be
coming after law-abiding gun owners I do
not believe in taking away the right of
the citizen to own guns for sport even
for hunting and so forth or for home
defense but I do believe that an ak-47 a
machine gun is not a sporting weapon
Jason Johnson is there a way to wrestle
the shock collar off of the Republican
Party when it comes to the NRA or is
crazy on Pierre Wright is this four on
right that they simply have to be
defeated at the ballot box it's the only
way
enjoy the only way you can defeat them
at the ballot box is at the ballot box
because there's an inherent dishonesty
in disingenuous nisonger neurs are often
represented look lots of people on guns
people my family owned guns they're not
the crazies the NRA are the crazies in
situation I was at that speech last year
in Atlanta in 2017 where Trump spoke and
I always thought it was very interesting
that this is a state Georgia where they
had a guns everywhere bill you can bring
guns in the class you could bring turned
guns into churches you could have guns
all the way around but strengthen we
weren't allowed to bring guns in the
room when Trump spoke why because it's
dangerous because having guns in places
where there could be innocent people or
public officials around is inherently
problematic arming teachers is not a
good idea you really want to give guns
all those teachers protesting in West
Virginia right now I think at the end of
the day the American people realize that
if money is going to talk the only thing
that talks louder is votes and that's
what's gonna happen this fall I see a
lot of Republicans and some Democrats
with high grades from the NRA getting
booted out of office in November quick
last word to you for non-ahmadi does
anything pass in Tallahassee in this
session another voting today absolutely
not why because governor mary and hammer
won't allow it joy that's why
yeah the permanent governor of Florida
Marion hammer get to know where there's
a piece on her in The New Yorker I
recommend everybody read it
hurry jump here Jason Jason Johnson for
non-ahmadi thank you all much more am
joy coming up stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
