I turn on the TV open the newspapers and
I see stories of chaos chaos yet it is
the exact opposite this administration
is running like a fine-tuned machine
okay then good morning and welcome to am
joy those words are even less true now
than when Donald Trump said them a year
ago because it's been a chaotic week in
the White House even by trumpian
standards as the wheels came flying off
the wagon again on Tuesday Trump's
senior adviser and son-in-law Jared
Kushner whose business dealings with
foreign governments may have landed him
in a world of trouble was stripped of
his top security clearance marking what
the Washington Post describes as the
fall of the House of Kushner we'll have
more on that later in the show on
Wednesday we learned that Trump would be
losing his right-hand woman
White House communications director hope
hiks hiks announced her resignation the
day after she testified to the House
Intelligence Committee that her job
responsibilities had included being
required to tell the occasional white
lies on Trump's behalf meanwhile Trump's
chaos became a problem not just for his
White House but for the entire world
when in a state of mind one official
described to NBC News as unglued he
announced steep tariffs on steel and
aluminum imports and sparked talks of a
global trade war and threats of
retaliation even from some US allies
Trump went ahead with his tariffs over
the strong objections of his top
economic advisor Gary Cohn who after
being overruled may reportedly be
planning his own resignation
Kohn's departure would thin the ranks of
the so-called adults in the room with
Trump and that list grows even shorter
with Thursday's news that HR McMaster
could be out as national security
adviser by next month well the White
House is pushing back on those reports
it's clear that the only constant in
Trump's White House is chaos joining me
now a Republican strategist Evan
Siegfried Natasha bertrand of the
atlantic and karim jean-pierre senior
advisor for moveon.org natasha i'll
start with you on this trade war which
sent the markets tanking on the
announcement NBC News is reporting that
Donald Trump was angry and uncool
dude when he decided to spark a trade
war here's a little bit of our reporting
a trifecta of events had set him off in
a way that two officials said they had
not seen before
hope picks his testimony to lawmakers
investigating Russia's interference in
the 2016 election conduct by his
embattled Attorney General in the
treatment of his son-in-law and by his
chief of staff Trump the two officials
said was angry and gunning for a fight
and he chose a trade war spurred on by
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Peter
Navarro the White House director for
trade the reporting is that he didn't
even consult with his senior staff
before doing this what's your reporting
on that well this is a pattern that
we've seen with Donald Trump since he
was inaugurated any time there's chaos
or any time he feels like people are
criticizing him unfairly he reverts back
to the populist themes that pretty much
carried him into the White House right
so now that hope Hicks is gone and now
that he's lost his longtime bodyguard
Keith Schiller
there's really a big question looming
over the entire White House which is who
is going to save the president from
himself hope Hicks was the one who at
times crafted his tweets at times
stopped him from sending you know tweets
that thought she thought would be
damaging to him and the and his
reputation so now the question is now
that he's kind of becoming unglued
according to this reporting is there
anybody who's going to kind of put the
brakes on him and make sure that he's
not doing things that are completely and
totally impulsive yeah every you know
Politico has described Donald Trump is
the loneliest man in Washington because
he has few advisors few friends few
people that that he even respects enough
to listen to he's feuding with John
Kelly his chief of staff because Kelly
says things that displease him he
doesn't like HR McMaster Kohn who stayed
through the Charlottesville neo-nazi
cuddling and now feels that well a trade
war is a bridge too far what's going on
and how would they replace any of these
people are there Republicans out there
that you know would be willing to take a
job in the White House right now I think
the Republicans would much rather test
out you know new medicines that probably
are for baldness than do that nobody
who's a competent operative wants to
work in this White House right the word
is out it's a miserable place to work
yeah it is a place where you're going to
be abused and undercut by the person you
serve in the president yeah I mean
look at what the president did on these
tariffs he did it completely impulsively
he didn't roll them out in any way shape
or form designed to alleviate some of
the concerns of our allies we have
Australia the EU Canada all threatening
retaliatory tariffs against massive eyes
and bourbon which I'm sure Kentuckians
are thrilled about I mean and that then
these tariffs go against GOP orthodoxy
if the President had been doing things
with Forbes magazine other than getting
spanked and he had actually read it he
would have known it's bad for the
economy but he isn't a reader he isn't a
thinker
it's a knee-jerk impulsivity to do
something because he's having a bad week
and he's angry and that's bad and it's
even worse that he's losing that support
structure in hope Hicks because she was
human valium did huh I don't know who
can come in and help him and save him
Mike Pence isn't John Kelly isn't John
Kelly at this point is only trying to
get Jared and Ivanka out per the
president's wishes because the president
apparently can't even fire someone
directly which is what he's known for
yeah so if the producers wrote that but
he will never fire somebody to their
face he's worried about the Muller
investigation he got scared of the NRA
in the past week because Wayne LaPierre
defied him the week before at CPAC and
then he went wishy-washy everywhere
Republicans were furious about the gun
meeting on Tuesday or Wednesday where he
took every Democratic position and shut
them down nobody likes him and they say
if you're one of if you're lonely in
Washington get a dog even a dog won't be
his friend oh my goodness that's pretty
scathing and that's good because we
don't want a dog being with him we jump
the air you know I found it amusing this
week watching the likes of people like
Steven Moore who has advised this
president on economics going on
television and hyperventilating about a
potential trade war Donald Trump ran on
this he said he was going to end NAFTA
he did in fact pull the United States
out of the TPP which is still existent
we're just not in his China just doing
it on their own he already said he wants
to destroy America's international trade
relationships so do you find it as
amusing as I do to watch the Republicans
express shock the Donald Trump is
the world joy we told them even if they
weren't listening we've been telling
them for what two years on this show
almost every weekend saying how terrible
this is going to be look this it's not
that the wheels came off the the wagon
this year is that the wheels were never
on in the first place he has been
running a dysfunctional white house from
day one he doesn't care about the
country he doesn't care about governing
he only cares about Trump and we've
known that for decades not yesterday not
this week we've known that for a very
long time you know people around him
like to say oh you know he's he's the
disrupter you know he's gonna disrupt
politics he's gonna come in and change
everything but it's not disruptive it's
actually destructive that's what he's
doing and there's also people say oh
he's a tease just a TV reality star
that's the way he is but it's we're not
even getting the apprentice we're
getting Game of Thrones and the only
problem with that is this is real life
and so there are real-life consequences
to everything that Donald Trump is doing
so for Republicans around him or
Republicans in general to be surprised
then they just have not been paying
attention yeah and there's also no
there's no evidence so far at least
Natacha that Republicans on the hill at
least are gonna do anything about any of
it just sort of letting the chaos play
out and this while ironically enough
Steve Bannon who is the you know sort of
not too curious I guess you could call
it was an alt right person that was
pushed out of the White House now almost
appears to have been the smartest person
in the why that's when he was there
because he kept saying that the problem
is Jared and Ivanka and throughout the
book the the Michael Wolfe book he's
quoted as saying the problem is Jared
and Ivanka now you have the New York
Times reporting that Donald Trump may be
realizing the problem is Jared and
Ivanka you have privately this is
according to New York Times privately
some aides of expressed frustration with
mr. Krishna's wife the president's
daughter Ivanka Trump have remained in
the white house despite Trump at times
saying they never should have come to
the White House he hired them and should
leave yet aides also noted that Trump
has told the couple that they should
keep serving in their roles even he's
privately asked mr. Kelly for his help
in removing them and then on CNN they
were reported that the FBI
counterintelligence unit may be
investigating a
a business deal Ivanka Trump was
involved in a hotel tower in Vancouver
that now may also be under investigation
so you mean can you sort of give us a
definitive read does Trump want his kids
in or out well this is exactly what Evan
was just saying where Donald Trump does
not actually want to fire anyone
directly right now he wants his chief of
staff John Kelly to tell his kids to
tell Ivanka and her husband to go back
to New York what is even a NES do right
so so so that he has to kind of avoid
this confrontation because he knows deep
down that hiring Jared Kushner to be his
senior advisor was a bad idea Jared did
not have any political experience or a
hero when he entered this administration
when he was engine when he was managing
the transition period he was meeting
with foreign investors to try to get
support for his six-six-six Fifth Avenue
building which is over a billion dollars
in debt right now his he came into this
you know still invested in Kushner
companies he did not fully divest
himself from his business empire in fact
he retained the vast vast majority of
his stakes in that company so with that
hanging over his head if you're a
foreign country and you're looking at a
point of leverage to enter into the
White House Jared Kushner is it 100
percent I mean this is why we saw the
Washington Post report last week but
these countries China Mexico the United
Arab Emirates Qatar Qatar are are trying
to they have been speaking about how
best to compromise Jared Kushner and
this of course is what happens when you
have someone come into the White House
with absolutely no experience except for
a you know particularly tumultuous
history as head of this this massive
real estate company be the senior
advisor to the President and of course
now we know that he's actually lost his
his security clearance so he's
effectively been neutered so it would be
very very surprising if he and Ivanka
did not go back to New York because what
is his role now it's really unclear and
if their roles were not clear-cut even
before all that happened they're even
more blurry now it feels like they're
his role is giving bad advice fire Comey
it'll do everything that has nothing you
know it feels from the looking at the at
the Trump White House Evan what it looks
like is that Donald Trump who didn't
think he would be President then open
the doors
said everyone come on in it's a feast
for everyone it's sort of a smorgasbord
of self enrichment you who are a cold
you're you know you're a coal executive
come on in and run the coal industry for
your own benefit
ben Carson everybody was like why would
he be the head of HUD Oh his wife and
son are both in the in the development
and real estate business well now it
makes sense
everything feels like it was pecuniary
then it was about self dealing in self
enrichment at some point your party the
Republican Party has to have seen that
or figure that out have they figured it
out and do they plan to do anything
about it well I first I want to exclude
James Madison Secretary and is there for
the right reasons because he wants to
protect the country
but I think the Republicans we know that
he was not a good businessman look at
what he did this week announcing the
bankruptcies and being like the 17th
greatest developer in New York City yeah
I think they're my nephews have better
developments with their Legos than
Donald Trump but when you see that and
he goes out and announces the tariffs on
a whim without doing any of the
groundwork to lay them out you don't do
that as a business man if you're
announcing a business deal yeah so
Donald Trump at the end of the day isn't
being well served by himself and
Republicans understand this and what I
don't get politically is why he would
impose these tariffs when we're already
facing strong headwinds in 2018 and the
economy is revered but with these
headwinds you're going to actually
destroy it and make it harder Howard why
are we making advising ourselves to win
in 2018 he said at rallies that he'd do
it it's like the wall he said he'd do it
and he says according to his tweet it's
easy we have a trade war it's it's easy
Thank You Evan for the comedy stylings
of Evan Siegfried you can find more that
on Twitter Natasha of Korea we'll be
back
and up next collusion confusion stay
with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
