Friday on the beat and that means it's
time to fall back we have a very special
panel Jay smooth is the founder and host
of New York's longest-running hip-hop
radio show WBA is Underground Railroad
he also hosts ill doctrine and crash
courts media literacy online Ron Nehring
a former Ted Cruz campaign chair back
with us and Jesse Holland an
award-winning journalist is the author
of the very topical Black Panther who is
the Black Panther a companion book to
that great series as starting right here
at the table though Jay who needs to
fall back everyone who thought it was a
good idea in 2018 to remake the movie
Death Wish needs to fall back what does
that mean
last night I bought a ticket for Black
Panther and then snuck into Death Wish
because I wanted to be a fully informed
hater and I was hoping they've had they
would have some sense at the times we're
in and not just make the exact same
vigilante gun fantasy but this was
basically a movie adaptation of Donald
Trump's fantasy that he would run into
the gunfire mixtli Lai Roth violence
porn mixed with every NRA talking point
where they pretend they care about
violence in Chicago and just a
despicable film and just a whack action
movie so you think a bad message bad
substance bad timing bad art yeah I mean
credit where it's due the original film
is a classic in the genre of racist
fear-mongering this movie's not even
good at being trash it's despicable
substantively and just not good as a
trash run dr. ben Carson Secretary of
Housing and Urban Development needs to
fall back somebody needs fellow
Republican fellow Republican somebody
needs to get this man an IKEA catalog
stat so when you're when you're a
Republican leading the Department of
Housing and Urban Development and you've
prepared your administration is
proposing budget cuts and you're
surrounded literally by thousands and
thousands of bureaucrats who really want
you to leave and really you know pine
for bringing the Obama team back you
know every single thing that you do is
going to go scrutiny so when you spend
$31,000 or so on dining room furniture
and you're in that office because the
president won the votes of people you
know who don't identify with spending
$31,000 on two pieces of furniture you
know $31,000 would buy all the furniture
in my house and people don't identify
with that and so causes an embarrassment
to the president it undermines the cause
of reducing the size of government and
cutting spending Wow well Jesse I bet
you didn't expect this Republican on
Republican criticism reaching the IKEA
who do you who do you think needs to
fall back
well the Georgia Legislature needs to
back up quick because I'm a southern
there so if you go anywhere in the south
you fly through Atlanta you don't mess
with the Golden Goose you don't mess
with Delta Delta wants a tax break you
give them a tax break you don't mess
with it
moreover gonna cuz they mess up and they
go somewhere else Atlanta and even the
whole south will be affected you leave
Delta alone with 33,000 people in
Atlanta working in for Delta in Georgia
leave them alone people do you think
they had the wrong idea they're trying
to push a company to be more more Pro
@ra yeah they sort of had the wrong idea
considering only 13 people had used that
discount versus the 33,000 people that
Delta's employing in Georgia leave them
alone
there it is leave it alone sometimes you
got to leave it alone Jay I thought
before I I got something oh well real
quick I want to say West Virginia also
needs to fall back off to his teachers
money sent out to all the teachers but
I'm looking forward to what what your
what I have is and and I am as guilty as
anybody okay of of just trying to
experiment with music and I generally
welcome that you know you know where I'm
going did you know what my pick was
gonna be I think you know so I do
welcome that and I want to support that
and Friday it's an you know we want to
be nice going in the weekend but I do
have to call on these Utah Republican
legislators who maybe they're trying
hard their heart was in the right place
but I got to show their new video using
a hip hop to explain how bills become
laws
this is a story all about I got nothing
but love for you but that really needs
to fall back Jay you're the you're the
expert could it be saved by a remix well
you know as a gesture of compassion to
the conservative side I just want to
explain there's this thing called the
beats and you traditionally rhyme in the
same rhythm has the beat technicality
everything master that I think we could
come together a little bit Ron that's
the old that you could only do that in a
state where you have an overwhelming
numerical advantage right that is a
purpose state you would never do now it
hurt you yeah you ever seen your old
boss Ted Cruz drop a verse like that no
and my final question as promised have
you seen The Bachelor I haven't so you
have no application of that to the White
House Jay what about you what's the
Grossman
have you seen The Bachelor I'll remind
you the trouble White House oh I have
not watched The Bachelor that's
something I wear it as studiously as I
avoid it as you can see these are not
prepped questions because we got to
people haven't seen hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
