thing one tonight the Trump
administration and interior secretary
Ryan Zinke did something that had never
ever literally ever been done before
they reduced lands that had previously
been designated national monuments by
prior presidents one was called bears
ears National Monument Utah which they
reduced by a staggering 85% now before
that when Ryan Zinke rode around on a
horse at bears ears last summer he said
the review process was about
preservation not oil drilling so should
this be present you've seen it yes of
course of course the legacy and what
I've seen should be preserved
the issue is whether the monument is the
right vehicle whether it's not right
vehicle what vehicle of public land is
appropriate to preserve the culture
identity to make sure the tribes have a
voice to make sure you protect their
traditions of hunting and fishing and
public access we also have a pretty good
idea of certainly the oil and gas
potential not much so bears ears isn't
really about oil and gas at all at all
it's not about oil and gas at all
wouldn't it be absolutely galling if the
opposite were true if it was all about
oil and gas that's thing too in 60
seconds
we also have a pretty good idea of
surgery the oil and gas potential not
much so bears ears isn't really about
oil and gas at all
I was Ryan's inking Secretary of the
Interior saying and I quote him again
bears ears isn't really about oil and
gas at all
so of course today the New York Times
reports oil was central in the decision
to shrink bears year's Monument
according to internal agency emails from
the start of the Interior Department
product review process agency officials
directed staff to figure out how much
coil coal oil and natural gas had been
put essentially off-limits Utah senator
Orrin Hatch's office emailed a map with
oil and gas sites at bears ears the map
that mr. hatches office provided was
incorporated almost exactly into the
much larger reductions last month that
land opened for new mining and drilling
leases I'm actually optimistic I didn't
move today we'll make a recommendation
that I think will be best for our
country and invest for preservation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
