the president campaign on his business
experience but that selling point may be
a liability for him and his family who
also works in the White House
CNN reports first daughter Ivanka
Trump's business dealings are now under
the microscope of u.s.
counterintelligence official sources say
the item of particular interest is Trump
International Hotel and Tower in
Vancouver a deal Ivanka was reportedly
the lead on we do not yet know why
investigators are looking into it but it
is not the first time Foreign Affairs
and foreign influence mingled with the
family business of this White House even
for Ivanka Trump last year her company
got a provisional okay from the Chinese
government on three trademarks a huge
business boost that very night she and
husband Jared Kushner dined with the
Chinese president at mar-a-lago and
speaking of Kushner here's a refresher
on his foreign ties from Israel alone a
30 million dollar investment in the
family business helped financing a 146
million dollar purchase and co-ownership
of about 150 bucks worth of property
with the family of a businessman
currently under investigation in the
United States the New York Times and CNN
reported on meetings with a Chinese
Financial Group and a Qatari investor
after the election both deals then fell
through and the Washington Post reports
US intelligence found officials in four
countries privately discussed ways
Kushner could be manipulated
then there's the 285 million dollar loan
deutsche bank gave the family business
just one month before the election
prosecutors in Brooklyn subpoenaed bank
records it is unclear if they are
looking into that loan that is on top of
the meetings that Kushner reportedly
took at the White House with the heads
of financial groups that then gave his
family more than half a billion bucks
in loans last year
and in a revision to Ivanka Trump's
financial disclosure gotta love those
revisions the pair increase their debt
from a maximum of 98 million bucks to a
hundred and fifty-five million that's a
lot and there is also Donald Trump
juniors recent trip to India billed as a
business trip the first son reportedly
planned to give a foreign policy speech
the speech was later scrapped for an
interview on Indian TV Melania Trump
sufficient White House page mentioned
her QVC jewelry line a move that could
be seen as using her official position
to push her merchandise that has since
been changed and the president himself
there's a lot we don't know about his
finances and potential conflicts of
interest his true net worth how much he
donates to charity if he uses the
alternative minimum tax or AMT even the
full extent of his business holdings why
because we've never seen his taxes thank
you very much yeah he could have just
remained in business and not accepted in
Japan Ivanka could have not accepted a
position at the White House this is just
elementary basic stuff joining us now to
try and untangle some of this is a
former Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Robert Driscoll we should point out you
know we said the Brooklyn da is looking
into that loan to cushion companies why
is that noteworthy because if this isn't
happening at Robert Muller's level if
it's happening at the state level that
is not something the president could
pardon him from if you were to be
convicted so Jared Kushner I just want
to go right to this Robert Jared Kushner
has so many business dealings even if
you tallied just the most recent ones it
adds up to about half a billion dollars
but I want to focus on this reporting
that the SEC dropped an investigation
into one of the loans into into one of
the companies from whom Jared Kushner
got alone in the end Robert once this
stuff is out in the ether investigators
and prosecutors will actually trace this
up right so if there was an
investigation into Apollo and then
suddenly the investigation disappeared
after Apollo gave the Kushner companies
184 million dollar loan this is 2018 we
can get to the bottom of that
well I think you can the investigators
can certainly look at what the timing is
and who took the initiative to drop an
SEC investigation I think the problem
and the reason conflicts are such an
issue and could be so important is the
problem is not necessarily I mean
clearly quid pro quos are illegal but
when you have very powerful people you
don't even need a quid pro quo you don't
even need the discussion no one needs to
say I mean if you're a French city no
one no one needs to say to anyone in the
Trump family what we're gonna make this
loans in hopes you do something for us
you just go ahead and make the loan
prior to your meeting with the White
House this is really important Robert
thank you for pointing this out so what
happens you were an assistant attorney
general how then do you have to do that
it in these quid pro quo things with in
with important influential people does
there need to be a smoking gun does
there need to be an email does there
need to be a recording of a conversation
in which someone said if you did this we
could do this for you well for bribery
prosecution there would be I think the
issue for Jared and Ivanka are going to
be more government ethics and conflict
of interest statutes
it's important to remember the President
and Vice President themselves are
exempted for most of the executive
branch conflict of interest statutes
right and so presence and follow them as
a matter of custom but it hasn't been
law but what you mean for Jared Ivanka
they still have you know are covered by
conflict of interest statutes and which
would bar substantial participation in
any decision which could have a direct
financial they would have a financial
interest in and so I mean these are the
kind of things questions that get raised
as to do you have financial interest in
certain decisions I don't think we've
ever had a situation where there's been
so much active business of the first
family going on at once now in some ways
it's not their fault they're in real
estate real estate can be generally a
liquid it's not like but shares that you
can trust but still it's not rough but
Jared Kushner chose to start the office
of innovation the infrastructure Council
the CEO Council and then take one-on-one
meetings with some of these but it could
have been you to do that you didn't see
Rex Tillerson say I'd like to be the
Secretary of Energy and by the way
I'm not really gonna sell my ex on stock
my brother-in-law is gonna manage it
right now certainly I think they're not
allowed to talk to Lloyd Blankfein for
two years right
I think the judgment on Krishna's part
is is fairly you know it's hard to know
where this inexperienced or just poor
judgment but certainly the appearance of
impropriety is great with taking those
meetings usually you would just wall
yourself off from anybody yeah your
family's business was doing work with
you just wouldn't take a meeting with
city you wouldn't take a meeting with
Apollo I mean those things would that's
one-on-one even
lower-level people like me when I was in
the Department of Justice you just would
never take a meeting from your old law
firm you'd say I'm out on this somebody
else better take it because I don't want
anyone suggesting that I would do them a
favor and that's that's ethics 101 and
but the the family has kind of run
roughshod a little bit over the ethics
Council in the White House and I think
that you know that they're they're
banking on an absence of a political
blowback from it yeah but they may be
overlooking some legal problems because
again the family is covered in a way
that the dad is not hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
