season joining me now for more on this
from our Washington newsroom NBC News
national security and justice reporter
Julia Ainsley one of the reporters who
just broke this in Julia just take us
through what you know please sure Steve
so what's important here is that there
were meetings right during the
transition this is a point where Jared
Kushner knew he was going to need to
pull back from his financial interest in
his family's real estate firm and he
knew that he would be having an
influential position in the White House
so it wasn't quite clear what that would
be yet he had a number of meetings with
officials and just foreigners foreign
nationals from other countries such as
Qatar Turkey the UAE and China as he was
desperately trying to get financing for
his building six 6s Fifth Avenue there
was very much in debt now robert muller
is looking at whether or not he later
was influenced by how this dealings went
for example he's probing the Qatari
meeting there was a meeting that he had
with someone who goes by the name of HB
J and robert muller is trying to figure
out if the fact that HB j ultimately
decided not to put up that financing
later influenced Trump foreign policy as
we know in the spring President Trump
came out and endorsed a blockade from
the nation's neighboring Qatar where
they decided that they wanted to block
them off saying was because they funded
terrorism it really took a lot of people
by surprise when the president came out
and took that strong position and now
we're wondering is it because Jared
Kushner was somehow influenced and he
wanted to retaliate against the Qataris
for not financing his building the same
goes with Turkey we understand now that
robert muller has tried to reach out to
Turkish nationals who also had business
dealings during the transition which
Jared Kushner through the FBI's legal
attache office in Ankara it's not clear
that the Qataris or the Turks have
actually decided to cooperate though
it's really difficult to get foreign
nationals to cooperate in a case
especially if they themselves are not
the targets it's not like you can bring
them through an extradition because they
really just have to come forward
voluntarily so what all this does right
now Steve is it's painting this web
it's showing that Robert Muller is very
much interested and Jared Kushner's
business dealings with foreign
governments and whether or not he was
then influenced by those dealings once
he got into the White House and Julia do
we know how this this particular
development the investigation balances
with the mandate the Robert motors
mandate when this investigation started
to look into the issue of Russia role in
the 2016 campaign potential collusion
with the Trump campaign as you say now
this looks like this particular aspect
of it is now going into Jared Kushner's
business I know this is something that
President Trump had indicated in the
past he might have a problem with but
taking that aside for a second just in
terms of the mandate of this
investigation how does this balance with
that always think about the mandate it
also said anything that may arise in the
course of that investigation and this is
something that has arisen as the Special
Counsel has looked through the financial
dealings of Jared Kushner and other
people who are in the White House he
wants to see how foreign governments are
influencing this White House the same
thing led him into the direction of
figuring out how Turkish nationals
interacted with Michael Flynn he wants
to know if these meetings have been held
in in private if they've not been
disclosed properly and if they've been
allowed to be influenced so it's not
just that robert muller isn't allowed to
look beyond russia beyond the campaign
and has to put blinders on he can look
into anything that may arise and he also
has resources beyond his office he can
work with FBI counterintelligence he can
work with legal attache offices overseas
he can even sort of lop some of that off
and have other divisions other field
offices look into this but we know based
on questions that witnesses have been
asked in recent weeks that he is
interested in every piece of this Steve
yeah in terms of Lee we said as well
Donald Trump he's made some comments the
president in the past about the idea of
if this investigation extended in his
view beyond Russia beyond collusion
beyond those questions and maybe
potentially into the areas of business
that perhaps he'd see that as grounds to
step in and try to shut it down himself
Betsy Woodruff let me ask you I mean
this does seem to be this reporting is
suggesting this is going into one of
those area
the president did not want it going into
without a doubt that said of course as
Julia pointed out it's within Mulder's
mandate and his mandate is quite broad
to look at matters that arise from this
investigation that said I think an
important piece of understanding
questions about potential coordination
between people in trumps orbit and
Russia is that we've known since even
before Muller was put in place as a
special counsel that this story was
going to be all about money when you
look at the history of Trump's
conversations with folks in Russia his
visit to Moscow in 22 2013 for the Miss
Universe pageant the fact that so many
people in his orbit have had
conversations related to business
dealings with very powerful individuals
in Russia it's not it's not just a
question perhaps of ideological
sympathies or the fact that Trump seems
to have a sort of appreciation for
Putin's positive comments about him all
these relationships are always informed
by a financial backstory and that's part
of the reason that months ago we were 8
we would learned that Muller was working
with IRS financial investigators with
some of the most sophisticated
law-enforcement officials who focus
solely on financial crimes because
anytime you're looking at something that
has this type of scope and involves this
many people no matter what money is
always going to be an issue
