Russians they promise to be more active
in the months and years ahead
well now another well-known Christian is
raising some questions about that kind
of activity
he's the Reverend Billy Graham he's been
preaching to the nation to the world and
the friending presidents in this country
for more than 30 years he recently
expressed some reservations about the
role of religion and politics and some
of these organizations we have seen a
revival of what is called evangelicalism
in America and to have some people from
either left or right come in and try to
manipulate them into some political
force that's the thing that I had
concerned about because this dilutes the
gospel I think then we're preaching I
don't think that we ought to be using
Christians to get into partisan politics
I think we ought to stick to the issues
that was the late evangelist leader
Billy Graham on today in 1981 in a
discussion about politics and religion
with some young fella named Tom Brokaw
Graham will be laid to rest this
afternoon following a funeral service at
his library in Charlotte North Carolina
and Tom joins us now along with the
chair of the department of
african-american studies at Princeton
University columnist for Time magazine
and a professor of religion Eddie Glaude
jr. Joe yeah you know Tom that warning
from Billy Graham came 37 years ago to
you it certainly has played itself out
that way many evangelicals now concerned
that politics is actually taking a front
seat for evangelical leaders ahead of
spirituality talk about the Reverend
Graham and and the the profound
influence that you saw him have on
American culture over the 50 60 years
that he was at the center of the
evangelical movement well I kind of grew
up with him I was not a member of the
flock so to speak but I remember seeing
him on television and television did
make Billy Graham those great rallies
you would have in New York or in
Minneapolis or wherever and he did drift
away from this position when Richard
Nixon took office he was quite close to
Nixon and he later said that was a
mistake on his
part that he ought not to have gotten as
close to him politically as he did and
he Franklin once through the files and
found a number of things including a
Billy Graham memo to Richard Nixon about
what to do about Vietnam and the
reflection that he got was from the
Padres who were in the field so to speak
local missionaries and others and that
was actually quite astute so there was
never anybody quite like him and I must
tell you Joe one of my very favorite
stories is that you may remember this
Time magazine came out with a cover
story that said is God dead and it was
based on a man who was at Emory
University he was a philosopher and he'd
gone through a lot of things and so
Billy Graham came to Atlanta stepped off
the airplane and one of the great
Atlanta reporters a man by name of
Aubrey Morris and he said dr. Graham dr.
Graham is God dead and dr. Kurian looked
at him and said well no of course not
dr. Graham that Graham how do you know
though Abraham looked at him and smile
and said because I talked to him this
morning and it was that kind of
connection that he had that he did he
stayed in the place that he was so he
was an important American figure the
rise that he had because of television
and the rallies and the fact that he
didn't he really didn't make people feel
awfully guilty about what they were
doing or it was not about him and the
final analysis he was right at the end
saying send me a lot of money much
different than what we see on the air
today and of course you're at WSB at the
same time my family was in Atlanta in in
the outskirts way out in little town
called Doraville Georgia which has now
been consumed into the metropolis but
you understand how important Billy
Graham was especially to people in the
south but all over the world but also
it's interesting you talked about how
important he was to Richard Nixon really
to every president from Eisenhower
forward I thought it was interesting
that when he talked to you in 1981 that
was about 6 or 7 years after he realized
that he had gotten too close to Richard
Nixon and he had said some things that
had embarrassed himself and actually he
admitted in real time two religious
leaders
in 74 he said I was blinded by power and
he in fact warned them to do what they
could to stay away and not make the same
mistake he made yes that's a kind of
candor that you would hear today I think
for most of the evangelists we saw all
those photographs as well he did go to
Africa and he was very important in the
civil rights movement because he would
always insist if they'd have African
Americans in his audience and he reached
out to that that part of it as well
there were those who were critical with
him obviously for imposing himself as it
were on the White House and many
instances although he was always welcome
there close to George Bush 41 so he was
a unique American figure and I don't
think we have anyone nearly like him at
this point in terms of talking about the
values that were important to him in a
way that everybody could identify
whether they were Christians or Jews or
Muslims or whatever he really was
talking about fundamental human values
eddie is listening to time it's
remarkable how far we are from that in
terms of the evangelical leaders who've
supported Donald Trump throughout his
campaign and now that he's in the White
House two days ago Jerry Falwell Jr was
tweeting that Attorney General Jeff
Sessions is a coward hyper hyper
political actually sort of the
antithesis of what Billy Graham did here
how did we get to that place where it's
not as much about the faith but it's
about the politics well I mean it's it's
really interesting it's not only Jerry
Falwell juniors Franklin Franklin Graham
as well in terms of doubling down on
Donald Trump in the political
environment we have here and I think
there were residual traces of what we
see today evident in white
evangelicalism even back in the day with
Billy Graham he's you're right to talk
about about his position with regards to
race but when we think about his
position with regards to women it it
wasn't very good when we think about
whether or not Billy Graham would
translate today in terms of issues
around same-sex marriage and LGBTQ
issues I don't think it would translate
the unfortunate comments he made or
terrible comments he made on tape in
Richard Nixon with regards to Jewish
brothers the sisters that wouldn't
translate very well so there were
elements I think here but it's
interesting in the
we just showed about the relationship
between evangelicalism and politics he's
actually responding to not just simply
the political moment he's actually
responding to the moral majority in
Jerry Falwell
which was founded in 1979 which yokes
evangelical Christianity to Republican
has have been really introduced to the
Republican Party in really interesting
ways so he's seen on the horizon on the
horizon the problem that we are facing
clearly today well Eddie you went down a
checklist of some things where Billy
Graham and in fact a lot of evangelical
still wouldn't match up neatly with what
was going on today at the same time you
did have Billy Graham in his later years
actually say some things that were quite
the opposite of what his son Franklin
Graham said when somebody asked him
after during the Iraq war whether he
believed that we were now in a war
against Islam he said no we are in a war
against poverty and hunger and disease
that's far different than what other
evangelicals were saying and Jesse
Jackson was talking about the day after
he died how he would go in in
Chattanooga and other places and he
would a rat he would tear down racial
barriers and as Jesse Jackson said in
the 1950s that wasn't nothing he refused
to go to South Africa until they allowed
him to speak to integrated crowds and
they finally allowed him to speak to
integrated crowds
something that was radical in South
Africa in the 1970s again the man was
not perfect and what is so remarkable
about Billy Graham is he would have told
you and always did tell you that he was
not perfect that he was a sinner and
that he was humbled by the fact that he
had to go to God every day and ask for
forgiveness and I think what is
remarkable about that is the grace that
Billy Graham showed in his life not only
towards others but also the grace that
he understood that he needed from God
and that is that not something that is
sorely lacking in Evangelic leaders -
lijo when I when I see and hear
particularly white evangelicals
identifying with the current political
system today actually long for voice
like Billy Graham's in some certain ways
there as the former president of the
American Academy of religion I
understand that there's there's a
complex debate around Billy Graham's
theological contribution there's some
who would argue that his theology is too
simple that his plain spoken this
actually diminished the gospel in
particular sorts of ways I understand
that as an academic question but as a
social as a social giant in some ways as
someone who's influenced our culture it
is clear that he was self reflective it
is clear that he was constantly thinking
about himself as a fallen fragile
creature of God and he tried to exhibit
that exhibit that piety in his
day-to-day life but I as you say we he
wasn't perfect and we need to
particularly think about Billy Graham
and how we celebrate him against the
backdrop of the me to movement his
positions around gender were really
complicated and we just need to make
make mention of it that's all he was not
alone you know the most liberal people
that you know you can go back and their
attitudes about women were inexcusable
frankly you know I think that's one of
the defining issues of our time I
honestly believe given what we're going
through now at the end of the twentieth
century historians will look back on the
sense of 21st century and say the
profound change was the place of women
that this was being known as the century
of women and it's the first time that
they came to the full realization of
what they deserved and I think that's a
huge change that is going on right now
everything is about evolution and
changing and he changed so long that was
which was the most important thing can I
just say one thing about watching from
outside the Beltway so to speak I've
been looking at the chaos in the White
House and I was trying to think about
take a midsize city in America des
Moines for example if the biggest
department store chain or the biggest
grocery store chain or a guy who has a
court
truck stops and other things was running
his business the same way they're
running the white house he'd be out of
business you know there would be every
day there would be comments in the
newspaper in the business section people
would be leaving those enterprises
because it is so chaotic about what's
going on and even those who are most
enthusiastic about Donald Trump will
have a hard time to find it defending
what is happening this is the presidency
of the United States we're at a
crossroads of extraordinarily important
decisions that have to be made the
relationship with a new China now
because they have a longtime man who's
going to be in power for a long time and
he's taking a look at us we saw were put
in there to say the other day so it's
not just about what happens on a micro
situation it's a macro picture that we
have to look at how do we present to the
country and to the world who we are and
what we want from it he was elected
president now the president I think is
what the country wants to have him knew
in a way that we can count from week to
week and from month to month on some
kind of a curve that will take us to
where we need to get to unfortunately
now we're on a minute to minute or hour
to hour at best not week to week month
to month Tom Brokaw thank you as always
great to see you okay
Eddy stay with us if you can coming up
president Trump seems to suggest that
executing drug dealers could help solve
the opioid crisis that's ahead on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
