Donald Trump is behind imposing new gun
laws following his surprising embrace of
implementing some of those new measures
and Wednesday's meeting with
congressional leaders the top lobbyist
for the group Chris Cox revealed in the
tweet that he met with the president and
vice president at the White House last
night
Cox added that quote we all want safe
schools middle health reform and to keep
guns away from dangerous people the
president and the vice president support
the Second Amendment supports strong due
process and don't want gun control
an hour after Cox's tweet the President
himself tweeted good great meeting in
the Oval Office tonight with the NRA
well let's bring it now from Tallahassee
Democratic Senator Bill Nelson of
Florida and senator it's always great
talking to you I I want to start really
quickly with just a story and I think
you were there 1995 we had a hurricane
in Pensacola Florida and I'd said some
tough things about Bill Clinton so his
people kept me out of a meeting and
Lawton childs was there and he grabbed
me he said come here boy and I had not
been particularly kind to Lawton childs
on the campaign trail but Lawton childs
knew there was a right way to do things
and the wrong way to do things and we're
talking about Billy Graham he showed
grace and he said hey you can't have the
meeting without the congressman I went
back to that in my mind when I saw that
you being the representative of so many
of those families who lost their loved
ones in Parkland you were excluded from
the White House meeting can you give us
any insight as to why Joe what you
recounted was the old way of doing
things when we could actually did
bipartisan agreement and you would have
leaders that would be inclusive instead
of always trying to divide and that I
think is just illustrative of the fact
that you know if you really want to
solve this problem and it is a major
problem because you know just in the
past two years all the massacres that
we've had
Florida going back to the Poltz
nightclub and in the Fort Lauderdale
Airport and now this school if you want
to really get it solve you got to bring
people together we got to get sixty
votes to get anything passed in the
Senate that means you've got to have
Democrats and Republicans coming
together to build consensus
so it was counterproductive that they
would want to exclude me now you know
senator also if you look at the polls
even if there was one this past week on
gun safety reform in the state of
Florida we as we both know I mean we're
a gun state people in Florida love their
guns and there are a lot of them in the
state of Florida and yet even in those
polls there was overwhelming support for
universal background checks and raising
the I mean you could go down the list of
things I'm just wondering that we've
seen Republican Brian masse move to
support some common-sense measures what
about the rest of the delegation in
Florida and what about the possibility
of you getting those 60 votes to pass
something what's possible it depends on
the NRA if they go and threaten a lot of
our Republican brothers and sisters that
they're going to take them on in the
next election I think it makes it very
difficult for them even on something as
common sense as comprehensive universal
background checks you're right that's
off the charts not only nationally but
in Florida as well people want that it's
common sense and yet it's hard to get
the votes on that senator it's kETK in
Washington and to what degree does the
president holding this meeting with some
of your fellow senators not yourself
coming out in seemingly in favor of
things that the NRA would never like and
then the next day seeming to reverse
perhaps his position or leaving the
window open that he might be reversing
his
how difficult is that making it not just
on the issue of guns but on guns in
particular for lawmakers like yourself
to know what the White House is gonna do
how do you how does government work
under these conditions
Kaddi you remember back on the attempts
to pass the immigration legislation on
daca the the the kids that are dreamers
and remember the same scenario as to
what you just outlined had happened with
guns the president said he was all for
taking care of the daca kids a day or so
later completely reverse are we seeing
the same thing now from his meeting with
the delegation and now he meets with the
NRA and completely reverses it looks
like that's where it's going Senator
Nelson this is Eddie Glaude from
Princeton University I want to ask you a
question about the composition of the
room you were excluded but what do you
make of the fact that there were no
members black members of Congress or
members of color from the Congress in
that meeting whose communities and
constituencies are often faced with
enormous gun violence so what do you
make of this conversation happening not
only without your presence but without
the presence of a more diverse
constituency in the room Eddie I think
it's telling and by the way I want to
compliment you on your comments about
Billy Graham I think you nailed it
Graham again was a preacher of the
gospel who was inclusive he brought
people together under the gospel of
unity instead of dividing him so you
were you were absolutely right on and
it's symptomatic of what's happening in
our society today where everybody is
retreating to polls they're getting very
self-interested highly partisan highly
ideological rigid and and we're seeing
that play into this question about what
do we do
the a through aftermath of these
massacres
all right Senator Bill Nelson of Florida
appreciate you being with us this
morning as always thank you still ahead
on Morning Joe markets drop on fears
that President Trump's announcement on
tariffs could lead to a trade war the
president's response to that this
morning quote trade wars are good and
easy to win
plus Vladimir Putin says his new cruise
missile is better than President Trump's
and even that did not get a response
from the United States President is
Donald Trump's strategy of not
criticizing Putin backfiring we'll
discuss that with former US ambassador
to Russia Michael McFaul Morning Joe is
coming back in a minute thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
