so patty kay it's very interesting we
commented on the show a couple weeks ago
that if you look at what China's doing
and what the Chinese leadership is doing
they're looking outward they've actually
flung open their arms for the world
every day you read China Daily there's
another leader from another major
country they're staying for a week
trying to figure out how to have better
trade relations with China
they've course got the belt and Road
initiative which looks towards China's
dominance of the globe in 2050 we've got
a president that is looking back to
America that ceased to exist in the
1950s he wants to rebuild the steel
industry from the days following World
War two it's really bizarre and the
world must think how bizarre it is wait
what other countries think that about
America again trying to relive the glory
days of 1955 right all for an industry
that employs about something like
140,000 people when there are industries
that are using steel of course that are
going to suffer and employ very many
more people than that there's a sense
that this yesterday
if these tariffs do get implemented and
I agree were not kind of sure whether
anything that the president says at the
moment is actually going to come to pass
this is a major departure in 70 years of
Orthodoxy in American economic policy
and there's a reason that famous
American economists who promoted free
trade were also given the Nobel Peace
Prize because free trade has been linked
since the Second World War to global
peace and stability the more countries
trade theory is the less likely they are
to go to war with each other
Donald Trump clearly doesn't buy into
that but this is at a very precarious
time you've got China throwing its
weight around the world and looking
outwards you've got Russia throwing its
rate around the world and looking
outwards just at a time when you need
stability and an anchor in the world
both the United States and Britain my
country are kind of retreating and
looking inwards and you've got this
emerging trade war happening but this is
a toxic mix that we're in right now and
if the president pushes ahead with this
could it's not fought too far a reach to
say could this be the thing that pushes
the world into a period of a very
considerable instability yeah and and
obviously Donny a horrible economic
impact and let's start with the people
who would be hurt the most that would be
American consumers you have Donald Trump
who's saying I'm going to try to by
using government action on action by the
centralized state to create a couple
hundred thousand new jobs over the next
decade I'm gonna punish 350,000 people
though consumers every time they go out
and buy their cars their cars are going
to be more expensive every time they
build something it's going to be more
expensive if their business owners every
time they build an office it's going to
be everything is made more expensive by
this and you think about how America
does it right we don't have to go back
to the 1950s let's just go back to like
2006 2007 when fracking suddenly
exploded when American ingenuity without
the help of the federal government in
fact the federal government got in the
way more often than not we had people
say hey why don't we drill sideways and
see what happens it created an energy
revolution America is going to be the
top exporter of oil nobody would have
believed that ten years ago but that was
letting the market do it here Donald
Trump is distorting the market he's
perverting basic economic economic
realities and it is the American
consumer Donny as you know and you're a
liberal Democrat that's correct it
crushed you Joe this is a liberally
progressive Marxist whatever but even
you a guy that reads Marx before he goes
to bed every night knows this will crush
up grabs Groucho Marx of course care
this will crush American consumers the
worst thank you Alex it's not about a
crush this week if you were concerned
about Donald Trump being our president
in certain ways there's a good week you
really felt the noose tighten with hope
X leaving and the Christmas story and
Claire the kids new conspiracies leading
directly a Trump from all is part of you
you really feel it and the bad news
though if you're somebody this concerned
about Trump is
you really started to see the beginning
of a corner Donald Trump and what is he
capable of doing at the expense of the
world or the United States or the
consumer to save himself and were I'm
concerned if this is a harbinger of
things to come in that what will he do
with North Korea at the expense of the
rest of the world what will he do in any
scenario to do this kind of shiny toy
thing ho pics leave him he's very scared
I mean Joe if you know people that have
run companies or people or organizations
there was one or two people in there
that and I've been running a company
that you go to that is somehow the
sanity check or somehow the khamar
that's not there anymore and as the
mother news continues to tighten and
then note the cushion of news continues
to cite what this is a man with his head
that the controls and yes a trade war is
very very concerning what are the other
things he is capable of doing at the
expense of all of us to save or protect
to deflect when it comes to his own hide
I'm concerned this is a harbinger of
some very scary things of a Kornel
Donald Trump Pelosi DDT a new world
we're living in thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
