normally anytime we mention the name
Robert Muller around here it's a
triggering event it triggers this a
string of video images that you're
looking at right now
we air some form of this same thing
every night based only upon our own
video loop you'd be forgiven for
thinking that all Robert Muller does is
wake up in the morning and find a
hallway to walk down purposefully and
with a serious-looking massive briefcase
before turning in for the night we of
course know that he is so much more than
that he played three sports in prep
school soccer lacrosse and hockey and
was captain of all three teams he is a
decorated wounded Vietnam veteran who
left the Marine Corps with a Bronze Star
and a Purple Heart he went on to
Princeton got a master's at NYU a law
degree at UVA only j edgar hoover ran
the FBI longer than robert muller he's
73 years old and his middle name is Swan
when you think about it we mention his
name multiple times every night on this
broadcast and yet would you know his
voice if you ever heard it have you ever
heard him speak so we looked through his
public remarks and we put together
something for you and as you listen as
you hear him speak listen to the
principles of this man who occupies an
enormous role right now in our democracy
I care deeply about the rule of law in a
free society a central responsibility of
government I believe is to protect its
citizens from criminal harm within the
framework of the Constitution I have
been fortunate indeed to have been able
to spend much of my career in pursuit of
that goal what has never changed and
will never change our our values we have
pledged to serve and to protect our
nation and to do so while upholding the
rights and the liberties guaranteed to
every citizen under the Constitution
I've always been proud to say that I
work
the Department of Justice because of
that for which it stands which is an
unyielding commitment to the rule of law
and to the safety and security of the
citizens we serve in the end it is not
only what we do but how we do it
whatever we do we must act with honesty
and with integrity and regardless of
your chosen career you're only as good
as your word you can be smart aggressive
articulate and deep persuasive but if
you are not honest your reputation will
suffer and what's lost a good reputation
can never ever be regained as the saying
goes if you have integrity nothing else
matters and if you do not have integrity
nothing else matters
Robert Swan Muller in his own words
tonight hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
