this was the President of the United
States in a public place going after a
woman accusing his Supreme Court nominee
a sitting federal judge of sexual
assault there's a certain moment in
which in this country I think we all
need to take a breath and say who are we
and this is one of those moments because
we are talking about the most powerful
positions in the land president of the
United States Justice of the Supreme
Court if judge Cavanaugh were to get
appointed to this position whatever we
believe and there are plenty of people
who have different views of what
happened here the fundamental question
is are we a people who are compassionate
and believe that there has to be a just
process of understanding what we know in
this case that means a thorough and
complete neutral nonpartisan FBI
investigation on one level but secondly
a leadership that says that we are a
compassionate land in which we listen to
the real experiences of our people and
we understand that we have to have a
process for understanding whether
someone was harmed and Christine dr.
Ford no matter what anyone thinks of her
I don't know anyone on and I have talked
to folks on both sides of the aisle in
the community not in Congress but in the
community and no one has said they
thought she was a liar so to be a
president of the United States who has
substantially more power than dr. Ford
does to make fun to make fun of what is
nothing less than a clear raw expression
of trauma is something that we should as
a nation
say no it is not okay it is not
acceptable and it's not about what you
believe is truth or not truth it's just
about whether or not we have any
compassion whatsoever for our fellow
citizen dude dr. Ford's attorney get it
about right tonight that this is why
more women don't come forward absolutely
if you think now remember that the
social science I mean if even if we just
take this from the stand point I put on
my faculty hat right here of social
science the social science tells us that
people do not come forward because they
feel ashamed they feel fear they feel
that they will be blamed they feel that
they will not be believed and we have
the single most powerful man in the
country telling people you will be
belittled you will be ostracized you
will be in the square of the public
opinion you will be ridiculed and Brian
you and I have had this conversation
before this isn't just an issue of women
this is for men and women girls and boys
because in this society we have people
who are sexually abused violent sexual
violence sexual molestation of all
genders I realize this is emotional
stuff think it is emotional stuff at
night at night
I appreciate you because I think at some
point as a country and I'm a lawyer so I
could put legal hat on but I think it's
some point in the country what we saw
today is fundamentally about whether or
not we are a compassionate society hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
