thing one tonight the high-flying EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett is clipping
his wings Pruett has been in the news
repeatedly for using public money to fly
first class he said a security detail
requested it because quote we live in a
very toxic environment politically in
other words non rich people had the
audacity to yell at him and tell him
who's doing a bad job better than to
stay up front with the rich folks who
apparently are cool with him but after
weeks of bad publicity Pruett now says
he's given his security detail new
instructions what I've told them going
forward is this there's a change
occurring you're going to accommodate
the security threats as they exist
you're going to accommodate those in all
ways alternate ways up to and up to an
including flying coach and that's gonna
happen on my very next flight Wow he's
gonna fly coach a big concession here
he's just heard is that he has ordered
his security detail to explore options
up to an including coach I mean that's
Trump drastic whatever that means
the next flight will be in coach however
after that you never know where you
might see Scott Pruett but while Scott
Pruett suffers with the masses in coach
Ben Carson now says he is trying to
return his dinette set that cost the
public $31,000 that's think 2 in 60
seconds HUD secretary ben Carson
initially said he didn't know anything
about a $31,000 dining room purchase for
his office and he had no intention to
return it what a difference a day in the
house oversight pro-mix because this
morning Carson issued a statement quote
the Secretary's dining room is used for
business luncheons with a wide variety
of people in groups the furniture 30 to
50 years old is very worn there's also
been characterized as unsafe I left this
matter alone to concentrate on much
bigger issues I was surprised as anyone
to find out the $31,000 dining set had
been ordered I have requested the order
be canceled agency now says they are
working to rescind the order now in the
grand scheme of the HUD budget $31,000
is not a massive amount president Trump
after all is proposing a nearly 7
billion dollar cut to the HUD budget and
to be fair to mr. Carson he doesn't know
anything about those numbers either why
would the Secretary of HUD
not give the number the amount that
you're cutting from housing vouchers mr.
Carson because the Secretary of HUD
because you're making the cut because
we've already talked about the total
amount of the cuts well the total amount
does not help me when it comes to the
housing vouchers I have people who use
housing vouchers and I need to be able
to explain to them as a Carson how much
they cut or tins for them I don't want
to open the book and look at the numbers
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
