of course Donald Trump just couldn't
resist and so tonight at a rally in
Mississippi he started mocking dr.
Christine Blasi Ford on his rally stage
and he reduced her hours of credible
testimony to the Senate Judiciary
Committee - just one line in which she
said credibly that she had only one beer
that night and so Donald Trump kept
repeating that line I had one beer I had
run big one beer and in a rant against
dr. Ford and so if you take your
children to a trump rally now you're
gonna have to explain to them what gang
rape is if they don't already know
because Donald Trump also boomed the
words gang rape repeatedly the only
president in history to used the words
gang rape in a political speech the only
president in history to use the words
gang rape to try to score political
points and we have that video of what
Donald Trump said in Mississippi and it
is pure presidential pornography it is
vile it is poison a deeply perverted
self-confessed sexual assault or mocking
the very concept of sexual assault to a
cheering crowd that includes children in
Mississippi some of you might want to
see it you might want to see him saying
those words you can find it online I
don't want to see it again I've seen it
once I don't ever want to see it again
and I have an editorial function here
and I have decided to not show you the
horrible words of that deeply
disgraceful man and the people who
cheered that man who they have all heard
described his own favorite methods of
sexual assault and so I will not be
staining this program tonight with the
poison spewed by the President of the
United States the country is focusing on
the high school and college drinking
habits of a 53 year old man tonight
because that man is now a Supreme Court
nominee who stands credibly accused of
criminal sexual aggressiveness in
high school and in college while he was
very very drawn in his defense Brett
Kavanaugh minimized his drinking in high
school in college there was nothing
Brett Kavanaugh was more defensive about
than his drinking Brett Kavanaugh
definitively answered questions about
sexual assault and said very very
clearly the dr. Christine glossy Ford's
accusation that he attempted to rape her
in high school was absolutely untrue
Brett Kavanaugh was very clear about
that but he tried to stay as vague as
possible about his drinking and actually
refused to answer several questions
about his drinking
dr. Ford's description of Brett
Kavanaugh his conduct in high school and
Deborah ramirez's description of Brett
Kavanaugh as sexual aggression against
her in college both described two parts
of Brett Cavanaugh's conduct in those
situations one of those things is
extreme drunkenness and the other is
sexual aggressiveness and sexual assault
and if you don't think that Brett
Kavanaugh is drinking is an important
part of the investigation of that
conduct if you don't think Brett
Kavanaugh is high school and college
drinking is an important part of the
equation that we are all trying to us to
solve imagine if Brett Kavanaugh could
actually say this about his high school
and college drinking I never had a glass
of alcohol I've never had alcohol if
Donald Trump was now accused of sexual
assault in high school or college while
he was stumbling drunk Donald Trump
would have a very strong first line of
defense which is I've never been drunk
therefore half of the accusation against
him is false half of the description of
his conduct is false
why did Brett Cavanaugh decide before
his under oath testimony last week that
he absolutely could not answer questions
about his drinking in an honest and
straightforward way that he would have
to be evasive that he would have to
actually refuse to answer some of those
questions and it was definitely a
pre-medicine premeditated strategy it
had to be because it was already public
information that Brett Kavanaugh is high
school friend mark judge who dr. Ford
says joined the attempted
that she suffered wrote a 2005 memoir
called God and man at Georgetown Prep in
which he said that their high school was
quote positively swimming in alcohol and
that's not the only thing that Mark
judge wrote he also wrote a book called
wasted tales of a Gen X drunk in which
he described being a blackout alcoholic
during high school when he was best
friends with and partying with Brett
Kavanaugh in that book Mark judge
describes a friend named Bart o
Cavanaugh who passed out and puked in a
car in his testimony under oath last
week Brett Kavanaugh denied that he ever
blacked out or passed out from
drunkenness he did allow that he fell
asleep that's what he said fell asleep
after drinking sometimes senator patrick
leahy
repeatedly asked Brett Kavanaugh if he
was the BART o Cavanaugh described in
mark judges memoir of his high school
years and Brett Kavanaugh parried the
question and evaded the question and
rambled on in other directions and
refused to answer the question went on a
long ramble about mark Cavanaugh his
problems with alcohol and then Senator
Leahy zeroed in on it
for one final try trying to get a
straight answer from you under oath are
you Bart Cavanaugh he's referring to yes
or no that's he'd have to ask him well I
agree with you there are you Bart
Cavanaugh yes or no you'd have to ask
him
the are you Bart question has tonight
become yet another example of why Chuck
Grassley and Mitch McConnell were
desperately trying to rush the vote on
the Cavanaugh nomination last week
because every day that goes by a new
fact emerges that hurts the testimony of
Brett that Brett Kavanaugh gave under
oath and tonight the New York Times has
the smoking gun
on the BART question it's not the
biggest question in the Cavanaugh
investigation but breath Cavanaugh made
it a question a continuing question by
refusing to answer the question under
oath he was afraid of that question
you'll have to ask him he was afraid to
answer that question and now we know why
Bart was not the pseudonym for Brett
Kavanaugh that Marc judge invented for
that book so that he wouldn't use the
real names of his friends in his high
school memoir our judge didn't invent
that pseudonym Bart was his real name
that was his real name among his friends
the New York Times reports tonight that
Brett Kavanaugh was quote nicknamed Bart
after a Georgetown Prep teacher garbled
Brett and you don't have to take the New
York Times word for that the New York
Times has discovered a letter that Brett
Cavanaugh wrote to his friends in high
school about their arrangements for
Beach week when they all plan to get
very very drunk for a week together and
a rented condo at the beach he carefully
explained that each of the eight of them
renting the condo together each owed
another $50 to make the final payment on
the condo he explained how they were
gonna need their own towels sheets
pillowcases blankets he explained that
he was going to arrive late because he
was going to be returning from a family
trip to Ireland and that handwritten
letter was signed Bart there it is in
his own handwriting and so no we don't
have to ask mark judge if Brett was Bart
because Brett put it in writing his own
hand ready what if Senator Leahy had
this letter in his hands when he was
asking Brett Kavanaugh were you Bart
five days after Pat Leahy asked that
question this letter has surfaced five
days that is why Mitch McConnell wanted
the vote last week that is why Mitch
McConnell wanted the vote yesterday that
is why Mitch McConnell wants the vote as
fast as possible because every single
day something new comes out that shows
Brett Kavanaugh was not telling the
truth in the Senate Judiciary Committee
and was provably not telling the truth
about his own drinking and when he was
in high school Bart Cavanaugh was not so
reluctant to describe his drinking not
as reluctant as he was under oath in
front of the Senate Judiciary Committee
because right under Bart's signature in
that handwritten letter is a PS and in
that PS he says it would be a good idea
to quote warn the neighbors that we're
loud obnoxious drunks with prolific
pukers among us
Bart Cavanaugh could have said under
oath last week that when he was in high
school oh yeah by the way they called me
Bart and I was a loud obnoxious drunk
but never raped anyone
most loud obnoxious drunks never rape
anyone we all know plenty of loud
obnoxious drunks in high school who
never attempted to rape anyone but Brett
Kavanaugh for some strange reason is
afraid to tell us the truth about his
drinking and the trouble is he was under
oath when he was supposed to be telling
us the truth about his drinking and now
he wants to be a Supreme Court justice
where he will have to rule on perjury
cases he will have to rule on cases
involving people who lied to the FBI
Brett Kavanaugh told the country under
oath that he was a harmless beer drinker
in high school in college he said he was
a legal beer drinker in his senior year
in high school because the drinking age
was eighteen and every bit of that has
been proven to be alive Brett Kavanaugh
never had a legal drink until he was 21
the drinking age in Maryland was not 18
on Brett Kavanaugh as a senior in high
school
witnesses to Brett Kavanaugh is drinking
in high school and college agree with
Brett Kavanaugh that Brett Kavanaugh was
a loud obnoxious
and a prolific puker as he put it in his
own words in writing in high school in
that letter that we just saw and the
only reason we're talking about any of
this now is that Brett Kavanaugh lied
about it under oath last week and we
don't know why he lied about it because
Bart Cavanaugh is high school drinking
and Brett Cavanaugh's college drinking
wasn't anything terribly strange we all
know guys who drank like that in high
school and in college I had friends who
drank much more than that in high school
including one dear friend who drank
himself to death in his 30s and he
started in high school like Brett
Kavanaugh drinking and raping are two
very different things
but does Brett Kavanaugh think they're
the same thing
does Brett Kavanaugh think they go
together why would he think that
why does Brett Kavanaugh feel so guilty
about his drinking that he's willing to
run the risk of lying about it under
oath you'll notice that he was not
willing to run the risk of lying to
Senator Leahy and say no he was not Bart
because he knew there were dozens of
witnesses from his high school who could
testify that oh yeah he was Bart when he
was in high school and some of those
witnesses have told that to the New York
Times now and the New York Times has
Bart's signature in writing and so Brett
Kavanaugh was alert enough to not
perjure himself when answering the
question were you Bart he just refused
to answer it something he could never
get away with in a courtroom but
something he could get away with again
and again in that hearing room because
the hearing room is not a courtroom it
does not use the rules of the courtroom
but now Republicans want to use the
standard of a criminal courtroom to
decide the nomination of a Supreme Court
justice they want to say that if you
cannot prosecute a criminal case of rape
against Brett Kavanaugh then he should
be a Supreme Court justice even if there
are very strong credible accusations
that Brett Kavanaugh did commit the
attempted rape of dr. Ford and did
commit a sexual assault against Deborah
Ramirez at Yale the FBI has been ordered
to rush its new investigation of Brett
cow
we don't know if the FBI would have
found Bart Cavanaugh's handwritten
highschool letter if the New York Times
didn't find it for them today we might
never know what the FBI has found
because normally FBI background reports
on nominees are not made public and that
is the plan for this new FBI report on
Brett Kavanaugh 100 senators can read it
and no one else the New York Times is
reporting that the FBI report could be
completed as early as tomorrow and Mitch
McConnell is still promising a vote on
the nomination this week at least a
procedural vote this week and every day
matters for Mitch McConnell because
every day is another day when we might
learn something more damaging about Bart
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
