Robinson I we're gonna go through all
the stories but yeah I don't know where
to start I don't know I can't even say
what the big story the day is because
the Kushner story last night is shocking
and is going to have reverberations it's
exactly what Muller and his
investigators thought that maybe he was
playing both sides of the street and and
then the NBC news it broke yesterday
that Muller now is king and what Donald
Trump no when did he know it did he know
about the DNC hacking beforehand did he
planted I mean you know again this guy
doesn't ask questions that he doesn't
know the answers to and then of course
that gun meeting which of course pretty
extraordinary where he even criticized
Pat Toomey for being scared of the NAR a
when to me was the one Republican that
came out after Newtown preaching the
need for expanded background checks
where do you start
I'm clear all of that plus the departure
of one of the most important people in
the White House I would argue because of
her closest to yeah to Donald Trump
the person who was at the center of that
meeting on Air Force One where a false
story was concocted that that about the
the meeting with the Russians that could
you know potentially be a big part of
some sort of obstruction of justice case
day after she testified to having told
white lies about for the president and I
I imagine that has a really elastic
definition you know I just before we
went on I counted seven you know stories
of the week not just stories of the day
that at least stories of the week if not
the month that all happened yesterday
and then frankly some of us were not
going to sleep with my Christmas story
broke some of us we're here talking
about our television so it is just it is
just extraordinary
if you want to boil it down chaos and
corruption I think would be the
you know the overarching theme of
yesterday and let's not forget open
warfare between the president and his
own Justice Department they had at that
dinner last night with Jeff Sessions and
the Solicitor General and rod Rosenstein
photographed to send a message obviously
back to the president that we're united
and you know you have to deal with us on
that basis just extraordinary it is
Willie extraordinary so let's throw it
let's start with that development
yesterday that seems to be indicative of
a White House and some disarray the
resignation of White House
communications director hope hiks hiks
is the fourth communications director to
step down from the White House following
Sean Spicer Mike dougie and Anthony
scaramouche II Hicks says she wants to
explore opportunities outside the White
House writing in a statement quote there
are no words to adequately express my
gratitude to President Trump
I wish the president and his
administration the very best as he
continues to lead our country the
president whom the White House says was
sad to hear the news said this about
Hicks in a statement quote hope is
outstanding and has done great work for
the last three years she's as smart and
thoughtful as they come a truly great
person I will miss having her by my side
but when she approached me about
pursuing other opportunities I totally
understood I'm sure we will work
together again in the future the
announcement comes one day after Hicks
testified before the House Intelligence
Committee saying among other things that
in her role she occasionally had been
required to tell what she called white
lies although she claims never to have
lied about anything connected to the
Russia investigation however the New
York Times's Maggie Haberman reports
Hicks's departure is not related to her
testimony in White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says it's been in
the works for quote several weeks and
didn't happen overnight
still a White House official says Hicks
told Trump about her decision yesterday
and several sources in and out of the
White House tell NBC News they were
shocked this is the latest in the long
list of major white house departures
since Trump took office just over 13
months ago so at best Joe the timing
suspicious here literally the day after
her brides testified before the Intel
committee she
walks away from the White House right in
the day after she testified the day
after a lot of people seize them the
fact that she said she occasionally told
little white lies but I think more yet
more importantly Elise Jordan
it also comes at a time when the Muller
investigation is really starting to pick
up we had two reporters yesterday come
on our show saying their sources inside
the Muller investigation say things are
starting to move at a very rapid pace
Bob Muller is not nibbling around the
edges anymore he's going straight in and
he's asking the questions did Donald
Trump know about that the Russian
hacking of the DNC did he plan things
out things are things are about to get
pretty ugly inside the White House and
the question is for somebody like hope
Hicks why did you say that long I mean
it's it's there's not much good news for
a lot of lot of people and hope Hicks
also of course involved in that Air
Force One meeting the drafting of the
memo she was just sort of a courier but
at the same time I mean she's got to get
ready for Mahler she's got to get ready
for a trial
I mean it's things could get ugly
watching her picks over the course of
the campaign and then her time in the
administration there were just so many
moments where you know looking at it as
a former press staffer you would think
wow how is she doing this how is she you
know able to stay when the president is
you know say Charlottesville and saying
they're very good people of both sides
or just the day-to-day chaos that comes
with this administration you look at how
it collided with her personal life this
year with the she was responsible for
staging the response when Rob Porter the
staff secretary was accused of very
credibly of beating his wives and so she
was involved in you know pulling down
John Kelly with that response you know
helping it work as straight the response
to Orrin Hatch and so someone who had
really enjoyed one of the best
reputations for being a professional
operative in the Trump administration
really saw that reputation tarnished a
little bit
now that as the Miller investigation has
heated up you know it's less about
giving testimony to the House committee
yesterday and that's the investigation
that you really want to stay clear of
yeah and and Willie you also have people
talking about general Kelly I'm not so
sure that he had anything to do with
this but two days ago we hear the news
about Jared Kushner an insiders insider
for Trump suddenly being shut out of
certain classified material yesterday
the ultimate insider hope Hicks leaves I
don't know if general Kelly had anything
to do with it but it's certainly
something that he would want which is
get get the Trump Tower people out move
in the professionals yeah and you can't
overstate how close hope Hicks has been
to Donald terms she came to the Trump
Organization not through the
presidential campaign or the White House
she worked with Ivanka many years ago
and joined him from day one literally of
his presidential campaign you could hear
in his statement and statements from
Ivanka and others how much she meant to
him so we'll see the impact of him
losing one more of his closest hands
want to get now to the thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
