rusha if you're listening I hope you're
able to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing I think you will probably be
rewarded mightily by our press remember
that moment when asked about that
comment by Donald Trump on the campaign
trail his press secretary Sean Spicer
later said that Trump was joking as we
mentioned today two of our own Katy tur
and Carol Lee shed new light on how
those comments are impacting the ongoing
Russia investigation they did so in an
NBC News exclusive report they write
quote special counsel Robert Mulder's
team is asking witnesses pointed
questions about whether Donald Trump was
aware that democratic emails have been
stolen before that was publicly known
and whether he was involved in their
strategic release according to multiple
people familiar with the probe president
Trump has repeatedly denied any
collusion with Russia as you may have
heard he most recently composed a
two-word tweet just yesterday
very simply witch-hunt in all caps one
of the authors of that NBC News report
Katy tur has agreed to stick around and
join this conversation and joining this
conversation as well from the great city
of Chicago Jill wine banks attorney
former assistant Watergate Special
Counsel and an MSNBC legal analyst so
Katie you first what kinds of questions
is Muller interested in and what do they
tell about a broader canvas he might be
painting so this is significant because
we all thought that the investigation or
it seemed like the investigation was
moving more towards did Donald Trump
obstruct justice when he fired James
Comey and was he trying to hamper the
investigation into collusion which it
may well cover which it may well cover
as well these questions focus directly
on Donald Trump himself and what he knew
and when he knew it about the emails
that were stolen not only from the DNC
but from the Clinton campaign you played
that press conference a moment ago
that's July 27th 2016 I was at that
press conference and it was right in the
middle of the DNC right in the middle of
the Democratic National Convention and
he's asked about these DNC emails that
were just starting to trickle out
will you tell Russia to stop interfering
or not to meddle in our elections and he
says I don't need to tell Russia
anything and then pivot s'en says if you
have these emails these Hillary Clinton
emails please release them that was a
big deal to investigators back then
that's when they started looking into
this and now the special counsel wants
to know was he told to say that by
somebody was that line scripted or was
it ad libbed
and if it was scripted or if he was told
to say that or if it was something that
he intentionally was saying why was he
saying it or was he saying it to
potentially give himself some cover did
he know not necessarily about the DNC
emails that were already coming out but
that John Podesta would later be
targeted and what did Roger stone have
to do with this because Roger stone
who's Donald Trump's longtime confidant
no longer working with the campaign at
this point had tweeted very shortly
after that that Podesta Simon the barrel
was gonna come and then Podesta's emails
come out was Roger stone still working
in an unofficial capacity for Donald
Trump and were they somehow
back-channeling to Julian Assange or
WikiLeaks it's a pointed line of
questioning that really shows you that
Donald Trump is still at the center of
this investigation so Jill pointed line
of questioning what does it demonstrate
to you about Muller it shows that the
investigation is both obstruction of
justice which it has always been but
that it is really focusing now on the
conspiracy and working with Russia the
so-called collusion part of this
investigation and that it isn't just Don
junior but it is the President himself
who's involved in this and I think the
evidence is really getting much clearer
that there is definitely not just an
obstruction which I've said from the I
mean you asked me almost eight or nine
months ago if I thought there was
obstruction I thought there was now I
know there is but I also am equally
convinced that there is collusion yeah
the commercial here is every four
minutes till hey Jill is it the point in
the investigation where Muller is
switches to asking only those questions
he already knows the answers to is
this is this fact-finding or is this
case building and corroboration now I
would say he's building the case and
he's getting ready for either
indictments or a report to Congress for
impeachment or some other form of action
against additional people and from what
we know he's really into the details and
when he asks questions people are
surprised by how much he knows and the
detail he knows where people were
sitting in a meeting not just that they
they were at a meeting and I think that
this is all part of how you really build
a very compelling case because in the
case of the President or anyone as
significant in his administration you
need more evidence than you would if it
was just an ordinary citizen because it
will take more to convince a jury of
guilt than it would if it was just an
ordinary citizen so he's going to be
very careful in building his case that's
an important element for him to do and I
think they're doing from all we can hear
they know a lot more than we know and
it's going to be something big the the
speed with that this is happening is
amazing because if you look at what
happened today you can't make this stuff
up it's almost hard to comprehend from
the morning to the evening all the
things that happened in one day and how
many people have left the White House
for whatever the reasons they've left or
people who I mean he named a new
campaign director and he's already
involved in a scandal one day later
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
