we're back with two breaking stories
rattling the Trump White House tonight
hope Hicks resigning after meeting with
Russia investigators yesterday and NBC
reporting Miller is eyeing Trump's
personal criminal liability for those
hacked emails if you think about it
these stories are about two places most
people never go inside Bob Miller's
witness room and inside Donald Trump's
in her political sanctum my next guest
has been in both those spots he spoke to
Mueller's investigators on Thursday and
also worked alongside hope Hicks for
Donald Trump Sam Nunn Berg a former
Trump campaign adviser thanks for being
here thank you but I could get C Block
here talking my being in the middle of
the show correct you were leave yeah you
want it to be the league and hope Hicks
was the lead you know her
would you have expected her to leave the
administration either I would not a very
surprised by God fries by this tonight I
am surprised but what they always want
to say about hope is that hope people
will always say oh she was around Donald
Trump she had that job because she's
very beautiful and yes she is no she's
very talented
she has the she has the power the
authority or whatever you know the
talent so I've done that job I don't
know what happened I have no idea I
learned about this just like you I can't
had any insight into it you can't add
insight into it but you can't add
context to what it means when you see a
White House right now where son-in-law
Jared Kushner's security access
downgraded Jastrow fell leaves you have
another aide leave you have hope Hicks
according to NBC reporting just told the
president today of all days the day
after the Russian meeting that she's
leaving right I was discussing earlier
in the show with several reporters why
although we don't have all the details
nailed down is something HAP do you
determine do you think something's
putting pressure on the White House
right now I think I do and I would agree
with that I would who at that estimation
I would tell you re that once again as I
told you before it I told you informally
that I would assume that she was gonna
be there for perpetuity mm-hmm the
amount of time that Donald Trump is in
the White House hope picks will be there
so this is a surprise to me I don't know
what's another so what you're saying in
a sense is she's leaving six and a half
years earlier than what you'd expect if
he won two terms correct let me show you
the White Lies headline because
it's not a headline that she's normally
yeah I think she's getting a hard hit on
that but what does that say to you what
happened yesterday what does that say to
me that says that she was probably
talking about embellishment she was
probably talking about you know spinning
things that she had to say which by the
way have been done for Republicans for
Democrats before this it's only because
it's final Trump that it seems that it's
more pervasive let's be honest but I
mean this is normal and she probably
said that out of contact I don't know
the context that she said that all right
so I don't know I once again would go
back to say she's very talented she has
a lot of talent and she's you know and
she was very loyal from the president
and she also spoke to mothers
investigators late last year you spoke
to them yeah you last level for that
father like thank you very much how do
you mean
how do I be because I came on your show
and I announced that and then they
announced that that Tuesday I was in
there on Thursday they said
congratulations Sam you're the first
person we've ever met that is coming in
announced before that they're coming in
here you're saying molars investigators
referred to your statement on television
you're a nurse your interview re your
interview and what was their view of
that to the extent you can I guess their
view was they were not happy about it
that's what I would say and although I
understand legally you're not gonna
discuss much of what happened in
Sorocaba I wonder what your broader
assessment is at this point about the
pressure on Donald Trump because
wouldn't you aside their wider reports
the heat that we're not only talking
obstruction we're talking collusion in
the questioning well here's what I would
say first of all before I got the call
when I got the call that day it was like
on a Tuesday after the Michael Wolfe
book came in and I was very upset when I
got the call and you know what I mean I
still I have to pay legal fees for it
right but I understand they're doing
their job what I would say one is the
taxpayer is getting their money's worth
they were highly professional molars and
best molars investigators they didn't
call me in just to check a box
everything they asked me they you know
it was backed up I can't get into the I
can't I don't want to get into it and
give away their investigation but I
would say is it wasn't a waste of our my
time or their
time I was happy to cooperate with them
as I told you on this show I'm very
talented it's very interesting it sounds
like you're saying again we're not
speaking about the revealing the details
inside our subs yes but it sounds like
on the approach and process you're
saying you found them to be professional
and positive perfect not only
professional I found them to be that if
you were if this was very corporate to
me in other words when they say we all
we always like to say we want the
government to run like a business this
was like a white-shoe law firm going in
okay i'm sat in there they asked me
questions they had charts out they had
specific things they wanted to know they
had follow-ups it was almost like
flowcharts the i'm not saying if they
had a flowchart there but the point is
is that it wasn't a waste of taxpayers
money to have me in there it wasn't a
waste of time for me either and I'm
happy to have been in there and I'm
happy to have cooperated and once again
I would say once again like I said to
you I've had Donald Trump just fired
Robert Muller yep and not given that
interview to let's hire Jim Comey excuse
me yep maybe maybe I'm jumping ahead but
Donald Trump just fired Jim Comey not
given Lester Holt interview not had the
Russians we wouldn't I would not have
been in there did you leave with the
impression that they knew more than a
lot of the witnesses they yes yeah yes
yes that's what I'm saying was not a
waste of tongue I'm not a victim here
they had to have me in there even though
I I mean even though I have to spend
money on legal fees this and that you
can say I'm a victim from that they did
a profession they did not waste their
time they did not just gratuitously have
me in there for no reason and to be mean
and finally before I turn to my Wylie
who's gonna do some legal analysis for
us the other question here when you
brought an out is this notion that the
theory of the case may turn on Donald
Trump knowing about the hacked emails in
advance or partaking in it is it
possible you think that he has that
exposure and you don't think he made
that now I think I think you'd be giving
Donald Trump too much credit I think if
a lot of reputed had a plot like this he
would have involved Donald Trump because
I'll probably be able to keep his mouth
shut about it you're saying he would be
I'd say would hurt thought it would hurt
a lot of her pooted
he was saying he will trump in your view
is innocent
he would be such a sloppy co-conspirator
you said it like that I'll say it this
way that I think that vladimer put it
would be too careful okay okay I always
learned something candor sam nunn burg
now as i mentioned i'm gonna do a little
more legal analysis here with our lawyer
Maya Wiley one of the big questions
Mulder's team also investigating focuses
on someone we haven't mentioned tonight
yet Roger stone his dealings potentially
with WikiLeaks and Julian Assange now
this is how Trump aids stone has
addressed those questions well you know
I was very specific in that I said that
I had communicated with mr. Assange that
I never said I met with him or that I
spoke with him we have a mutual
acquaintance who is a fine gentleman I
happen to be one who thinks that the
signs used a is a hero your mind the
Atlantic's natasha bertrand reporting
stones secret messages with wikileaks
and how wikileaks tried to keep this
channel to stone open Maya Wiley former
counsel of mayor of New York City is
with me I wonder the view of where stone
fits into all this as a former Trump
aide and the question being was he in
doing other things that were helpful and
also your analysis of what we heard from
mr. Nunn Berg as well as his point that
in his view these Muller investigators
are sharp so I'm gonna start with the
second question sure which is the
attorneys that work for the United
States Department of Justice are
attorneys that could be in private
practice making a lot of money and
choose public service and when I was an
assistant US attorney I can tell you
that everyone I worked with was highly
professional and skilled and so it's not
surprising at all to hear that kind of
praise which is also part of why we
should be so upset that Donald Trump
undermines and attacks the credibility
of the FBI and the US Department of
Justice and yet Donald Trump does not
ever mention Bob Mulder by name mm-hmm
so Bob Muller in a who is an extremely
accomplished investigator an attorney
but let's go to Rogers so remember let's
let's do the timeline because I think
this is important we actually know that
Russian
were actually trying to communicate with
Donald Trump jr. during the campaign
that he had annexed a couple of email
exchanges with him then within a month
Papadopoulos is having this conversation
in London which as we have heard and as
you reported earlier tonight with
communications with his camp you think
it went up the lot I think it went up
the line what about this if Donald Trump
jr. is engaged and we know that it's not
just that he was on the campaign the
family was integrally involved in the
operation of the campaign so that so
that you're talking about the if you
will the fam theory of the case this is
a family business and Sam is going to
talk
what about mr. none Berg's theory the if
you will the sloppy defense theory that
that if Donald Trump were so in on it in
such a hands-on way it would have come
out by now and thus he probably was not
in on it so I think that that is a big
assumption we don't know I won't pretend
that I have facts connected with that
but what we do know which is
circumstantial but that's always how
investigations start at the beginning it
is just that the family was the tight
unit around the campaign strategy the
idea that the children would not be
having communications with the father
and that that actually didn't require
him to have a direct communication with
Vladimir Putin that's what you look like
you're itching to get in here well I
would also say I think it's probably
probable at that meeting with Don jr. I
am sure Don jr. reported to his father
what they had heard I don't think
there's anything wrong with that by the
way yeah you think Don jr. told his
father everything he was hearing about
getting offers of dirt yes I'm sure he
did I'm sure to know now worse worse a
crime the issue is what is the other
issue is did the Russians does this
offend is this why Hillary Clinton lost
the election the answer is no relevant
for the law because this is federal okay
so tell me this is let me tell you
because I mean yes question yes ma'am
the federal election law that makes it a
crime to get a thing of value
from a former government form foreign
government or foreign operative in order
to advance your campaign it's irrelevant
whether you won or lost as a result of
it and all that matters is that you are
actively attempting to get that thing of
that I just want to be clear about the
amazing and very fascinating thing that
you said well I believe that I don't owe
you that right you and you speak as I
mentioned it by the way something's
Donald Trump said Donald Trump said
something give it x to it as you well
know because I'm sure you've reported
this before Donald Trump said something
in other words we'll learn in a week or
something like this at at times who
think you think that Donald Trump the
candidate against advanced knowledge yes
I think he knew about the meeting and I
think the meeting was a bust
I also think they didn't get anything so
you what's so fascinating here why we
love bringing these conversations on the
beat is yes you to agree on a theory of
the facts of what happened about Donald
Trump's advanced knowledge of this
activity and your vote but and you both
have JD's and you don't believe it to be
a crime and you believe it she may be a
better expert than me I don't believe
but what I would also say what I do know
as somebody who works in campaigns what
I would what I do know is we regardless
of whether or not they had that meeting
re irregardless their whether not they
in the meeting Hillary code is sort of
lost that election because she was a
terrible a candidate and that's not
irrelevant as a matter of democritus
what I want to make sure as a matter of
the protecting the laws of the United
States protecting the people of the
United States and protecting our
democracy the act the issue of the
outcome is not why we have the criminal
laws we have it's to protect our process
and our and the integrity of the private
group and by the way 73,000 votes
the integrity Hilary kiltie should have
protected our emails what's better than
I think you both make very important
time of a crime you should have been
better at protecting yourself from the
crime does not I'm not trying to sit
here didn't violate I appreciate both of
you being at this table let me say this
there's an old saying in Brooklyn
you could have been anywhere in the
world tonight and you're here with me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
