tnews right now in the investigation
into Russia and its interference in the
2016 presidential campaign NBC News
exclusively reports both from me and
Carol Lee the special counsel is asking
witnesses pointed questions about
whether Donald Trump himself was aware
that Democratic emails had been stolen
before the public knew about it and
whether he was involved in their
strategic public release according to
multiple people familiar with the probe
the line of questioning includes this
moment in 2016 a press conference in the
middle of the Democratic National
Convention where Donald Trump made a
plea to Russia Russia if you're
listening I hope you're able to find the
thirty thousand emails that are missing
I think you will probably be rewarded
mightily by our press questions like why
did the then candidate ask that did
somebody tell him to was it scripted was
Donald Trump trying to give himself
cover for what he already knew was about
to come
investigators also want to know if he
knew that Hillary Clinton's campaign
chairman John Podesta would be targeted
later NBC News has reached out to the
White House and the president's legal
team will have their response in just a
moment witnesses tell us Trump's
longtime confident confidant Roger stone
appears to be a key focus
investigators have asked about stones
contacts with WikiLeaks during the
campaign and if he's ever met with the
group's founder Julian Assange one
witness tells us they wanted to see if
there was a scheme was stone working on
the side for Trump after he officially
left the campaign that witness felt they
were trying to figure out if the
WikiLeaks release was a big plot
investigators were interested in
statement stone made in the lead-up to
the election specifically this tweet
right here from August 21st 2016 or
Stone said it would it will soon be
Podesta's time in the barrel WikiLeaks
released Podesta's emails a little over
a month later on October 7th hours after
the Access Hollywood tape dropped in a
statement Stone tells NBC News I never
discussed WikiLeaks Assange or the
Hillary disclosures with candidate Trump
before during or after the election I
have no idea what he knew about them
from who or when and I have never met
Assange those WikiLeaks emails along
with others stolen from the DNC over the
summer proved invaluable to Donald Trump
as he tried to distract from his own
scandals and convince voters Hillary
Clinton was not fit for office well I
love reading those WikiLeaks did you see
another one another one came in today
this WikiLeaks it's like your treasure
trump out today
WikiLeaks just came out with a new one
this just came out WikiLeaks of course
you didn't know that there was a thing
called WikiLeaks right they got it all
down folks WikiLeaks WikiLeaks
boy does he love those wiki leaks so our
big question today is probably the same
as Robert molars
what did Donald Trump know and when did
he know it first let's get to our
reporters NBC's Hallie Jackson is at the
White House Ashley Parker is a White
House reporter for The Washington Post
and an MSNBC political analyst Jonathan
Lemire is a White House reporter for The
Associated Press and an MSNBC political
analyst and NBC's Cara Lee who helped
break this story joins me as well Kara
let's start with you this is pretty
significant because this is showing that
the special counsel is not just
investigating obstruction they are
investigating whether or not the
President of the United States himself
coordinated in some way about these
emails during the election while he was
still a candidate right which we all
tend to forget but sometimes but is the
heart of this investigation was there
any collusion between the Trump campaign
and Russia and how far up would that go
should it exist this is sort of the
first instance where we've gotten a real
window into the kinds of questions that
Muller's team wants answered when it
comes to the president specifically
involving the campaign and how the
president's own public words either you
know whether it's on Twitter or you know
hits press conference that you were at
in in 2016 are being scrutinized in ways
that you know some of us have have
already asked you know questions about
why what did he mean by that and you
know his his spokesperson said at the
time said that he was joking but you
know we've also the the connection
between the president and Roger stone
and you know there's a lot of questions
that are being asked as you know about
you know when they you know how often
they communicated the circumstances
around his firing or departure from the
campaign and so this is you know and the
WikiLeaks piece of this investigation
specifically has not been something that
we've seen Moeller address publicly in
the way we saw have addressed the social
media aspect of it recently it's also
important to note that so far we haven't
seen any indictments whatsoever or any
real news coming from the special
counsel's office directly about what
happened with the DNC hacks the stolen
emails from Hillary Clinton's campaign
as well we also haven't heard anything
about the meeting that Donald
Jr had in Trump Tower these are those
big moments those big questions from
2016 that we haven't heard a word from
the special counsel to his office about
at least not yet I want to take a trip a
brief trip down memory lane and talk
about that news conference where you
know Sean Spicer later tried to say that
the president was joking the vice
president tried to say that the
president was joking as well when he was
asking Russia to look into those emails
find those missing emails I followed up
almost immediately after that and asked
him basically if he was serious here's
what he said unfortunately we don't have
that anyway I asked him if it gave him
any pause he said it did not give him
any pause Hallie Jackson the White House
doesn't generally respond anything
regarding the special counsel but this
is a big blow to what they've been
saying which is that the depth the
President himself was including it all
he's not being investigated for that and
that this is a big big witch-hunt yeah
the way the president as recently as
yesterday Katie as you know called this
a witch-hunt as he has done so many
times before tweeting that online we
have reached out based on urine Carol's
reporting to the what to the president's
outside attorney to the presidents of
turtle attorney here at the White House
as well asking a long list of questions
related to not just some of the threads
that you guys have revealed but also
some of the president's actions prior to
the transition back when he was still a
candidate John Dowd the president's
outside attorney is now telling us that
we do not comment on any kind of
communications involving the special
counsel when pressed for more doubt
respectfully declined to answer any more
of those questions we would have asked
Sarah Sanders or the press team at the
briefing today but as Kristen Welker
noted at the top of your program that is
not happening because the president is
holding an extended meeting with
lawmakers to talk specifically about
school safety I can also tell you that
our colleague Julia Ansley has reached
out to the office of the special counsel
who is not commenting that is not
surprising given that it is extremely
rare for their office to make remarks or
to make comments on any of the reporting
related to the Special Counsel
investigation Katie actually let's talk
a little bit about Roger stone he tells
us that he has not been interviewed by
the special counsel at least not yet but
he was fired back or quit depending on
who you believe the Trump campaign or
Roger stone himself back in August of
2015 that's
early on but stone has been a longtime
confidant of trumps the questions of
whether or not he was still around we're
popping up during the campaign the they
certainly were and you know even into
this White House I understand that Roger
stone and president Trump and Roger
stone and then Kennedy Trump spoke on
the phone
fairly frequently now his aides would
often tell you you know Roger stone
doesn't know what he's talking about he
doesn't speak on behalf of us and he
certainly doesn't speak on behalf of the
White House but he is someone who in
moments is talking to the president and
does have an awareness of what the
president is is thinking and feeling and
wants to communicate and there's also
sort of planting bugs in the president's
ear about things he should be doing
Roger stone as you know has been one of
the biggest proponents that President
Trump should be sort of actively
fighting back against them all our probe
and should not be participating so
you're right he is in contact and the
Atlantic Jonathan is reporting this week
that Roger stone did have direct Twitter
messages with WikiLeaks
yeah there's they even posted some
screenshots that suggests that some sort
of exchange between stone and WikiLeaks
stone has said that he sort of cut it
off that there wasn't anything
incriminating or nefarious about the
exchange but let's remember who Roger
stone is I mean he's sort of one of the
ultimate political dirty tricksters ya
know you know this is the man who has a
tattoo of Richard Nixon on his back that
is actually today that is not a figure
of speech he actually has a tattoo but
he thinks it on his back and that he is
someone who periodically has come up
through the Republican circles we know
he was involved during the George W HW
Bush George W Bush recount 2000 and
other times since where he has been
involved when you know things were
perhaps needed to be a little rough
along the edges for conservative
movements he's been a longtime confidant
of Donald Trump back when he was a
businessman and then a potential
political candidate he was involved in
the early days of the campaign before
departing under somewhat contested
circumstances but we do know Ashley is
absolutely right we know that he still
does talk to the president and talk to
people in the presidents world from time
to time and that he has indeed been
agitated to the president should really
fight back on the special council a
marked contrast from the public posture
of the president's outside legal team
which says we should be playing nice
Carol there's also the the fact that we
know that george papadapolis has said
has pled guilty to the special counsel
and that was because he was talking
about emails that Russia had with an
Australian diplomat while he was in
London yeah I mean that's just another
dimension and you know because he's
cooperating obviously our rollers team
is going to learn more about how he came
to know that who else knew that in the
campaign if anybody and no sport so it
was somebody on the campaign knew about
it that's certainly where his value
comes in as a cooperating witness you
know some of the other things that we've
learned in our reporting about what
questions that are being asked about the
president is his positions on Russia you
know why did he take certain positions
when he was perhaps being advised to
take some harder line you know what did
he ever meet with Vladimir Putin things
like that and also Paul Manafort
you know his connections with Roger
stone and and specifically why Paul
Manafort would work for free you know
everyone talks about oh this person is
not taking any salary they're working
for free isn't that so nice but you know
they could also be do another reason for
doing that you know which would be if
you had more nefarious goals by working
for it why would you work for a
billionaire for free I think was a
number a number of the questions that
have been out there in terms of the
other things that we've been reporting
and and we were able to get from from
the the questions out of the Muller team
specifically as you mentioned why did
Donald Trump hold the positions that he
held was it because of a specific
business interests he had when it comes
to Russia
why was he advocating that Vladimir
Putin get involved in Syria and not care
that they're getting involved in Syria
when it wasn't US policy at the time why
would he do that when Ashleigh a GOP
primary wasn't particularly fond of
Russia they didn't like Vladimir Putin
it wasn't a normal position for a
Republican candidate to take why would
Donald Trump
take that position why would he always
be so friendly to Vladimir Putin I'm not
asking you I know I know it sounds like
I'm asking you but those are the
questions that have been surrounding
this and there are ones that have
remained unanswered largely I think
she's lost I think Ashley's lost her all
right think oh sure I mean yes the the
the now president Trump's relationship
with Russia has remained puzzling
throughout we have the famous tweet from
a few years ago where he suggested
wondered it would be his best friend
after having a beauty pageant in Moscow
there's been some suggestion that the
special counsel now is is is asking
questions about when the president first
decided to run for president which would
then be perhaps if this was something
that was years in the works maybe that
look pointed to the questions go did
Russia have an early in with him you
know their time and time again that the
president has sided with Russia when it
was seem to be a politically unpopular
decision another moment would be their
convention last year the Republican
convention when suddenly the Republican
platform shifted to him you're much more
pro-russian stance now with the Paul
Manafort had been droughts had been on
board at that point this is another
moment where it's a question of what was
the motivation was this man afford and
the ties that he has over in that part
of the world or is that something that
the President himself wanted and it also
calls the question how much Robert
Muller is trying to squeeze Paul
Manafort and whether or not Paul
Manafort
could be a potential link here the
missing link in this investigation to
find out what exactly was happening at
that time at the time of that news
conference where he asked Russia if
you're listening Paul Manafort was the
the campaign chairman he was he wasn't
he was in charge he was also in charge
for the convention and while they were
at the convention the GOP platform which
changed it seems like a lot of the focus
it's starting to Center on what happened
in that summer why did Donald Trump say
that about Russia but also who knew what
about these DNC emails right and one of
the things I found interesting and maybe
you did too and reporting this story is
when you hear the questions that are
being asked in these interviews they
they overlap with questions that
reporters have been asking for a while
publicly and you know when we've done
that we get a lot of pushback from the
president and his team saying there's
nothing there why are you asking
anything and clearly someone a seasoned
investigator like Robert Muller thinks
that these are legitimate questions to
be asking and is in fact asking them and
it's part of this investigation and that
the fact that they're being asked now
suggests that this is not wrapping up
any time snow and I was talking to
another person who had been interviewed
and they were telling me that the Moller
team knows what they are doing these are
not the crime-scene cops trying to piece
together a story they know the room that
you were in better than you know the
room that you were in here's who you
were sitting next to when you were
having this conversation do you remember
saying this we have an entire verbatim
of that conversation they know the
answers before you say them they're not
just fishing here they're they're pretty
studied up and it's because of exactly
that is the White House there's a lemma
the White House space is about whether
they want President Trump to sit in a
room with these investigators and
actually give some sort of interview
because I think they are concerned that
the Muller team already has the lay of
the land this is a this is a president
who shall we say sometimes has a shaky
grasp on the facts and they're afraid of
what he could say whether he perjured
himself whether he says something
incriminating and this is the debate
they're having in the White House right
now whether they want to sit down with
him whether they want to try to have
some sort of written testimony instead
or just keep them out altogether thank
you very much
Carol Lee great job nice sword with you
Hallie Jackson hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
