it has been 14 days since 17 students
and adults were brutally killed and 14
others injured by a gunman at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida since then there have been 0 0 0
federal laws passed protecting Americans
from gun violence but now a major US
company that could take a hit for this
is taking action just this morning
Dick's Sporting Goods one of the largest
sport retailers in the country announced
it will no longer sell assault-style
rifles in any of its stores or online
the company issued a series of tweets
this morning laying out its position and
imploring lawmakers to enact gun reform
because first of all dicks is such a big
seller of arms secondly dicks is run its
family-run company ed stack is the
second of his family to run it but it's
a public company public company he's
conservative their client base so some
of you go to Dick's Sporting Goods may
not realize this but they've got a
separate division Field & Stream which
is a hunting and fishing Dick's also has
obviously a lot of that stuff but it
tends to be a socially conservative
group as well so this is not without
cost and yesterday one of the things we
discussed is taking a position on
something is nothing if it doesn't cost
you something and I suspect it may be
this will cost Dick's maybe they'll gain
from it and when you think about other
companies that have acted already
they're talking about partnerships and
discounts not really big deals this is
telling the goods it's gonna affect
their bottom line and to Ali's point
that it's a family-run company it's
based in Pittsburgh it is Trump country
so you are surely going to see some of
their loyal longtime customers reacting
negatively the question is will you see
a huge positive impact retail has
changed so much think of this youth
movement right might see a lot of these
parkland kids at Dick's after so they
might do that exactly by the way the
Eagles gear that we wore after the Super
Bowl
subjects yeah referring to recent
political reaction to the mass shootings
the tweet from the company says in part
quote but thoughts and prayers are not
enough we have to help solve the problem
that's in front of us gun violence is an
epidemic that's taking the lives of too
many people including the brightest hope
for the future of America our kids now
along with ending sales of assault-style
rifles the
company will no longer sell
high-capacity magazines and will not
sell firearms to anyone under the age of
21 regardless of local laws the chain as
I mentioned is based just outside
Pittsburgh employees it employs tens of
thousands of people in more than 700
stores around the country has a market
value of more than 3 billion to Ali's
point also owns Field & Stream a big
retailer for outdoor deer during a
review Dick's found it legally sold a
gun to the parkland shooter back in
November it was not used in the attack
but the company CEO ed stack said that
helped spur this decision we went back
in week we did everything by the book
that we were supposed to do from a legal
standpoint we followed everything we
were supposed to do and somehow we still
this kid was still able to buy a gun
from us and we said we just we don't
want to be a part of this story any
longer and is gonna be talking to Kate
snow a little later today we'll bring
you that but he's got a reputation as a
good retailer as a separate from this ad
is a he is conservative in his thinking
he's a it's he's a family guy running
the business but he has enjoyed a good
reputation in this but it's also
stunning think about what a difficult
climate this is for retail in general
right and for a retailer to step out and
do something that could possibly have a
negative impact on their business is big
joining us now a dear friend of mine who
truly understands brands and business
Scott Galloway a marketing professor at
NYU Stern School of Business and founder
of the business intelligent firm l/2
what's your take Scott I think you're
right I think this is a big deal of what
you've seen from other companies is
they're trying to back away slowly and
be Switzerland
so Delta's wording on this we don't be
involved it was out of respect for
people on both sites we've decided to
end the program they just are hoping
this thing will go away this is an overt
political statement saying to the two
most important cohorts in business moms
and teens you control more spending and
dictate what school around spending that
we're with you and what might be
interesting here is this could this be a
consumer led revolution that's really
because there's been so much inaction so
this is a
dicks audience because it sells
different things at different stores the
dick stores in the field and stream
doors stores one of the audience's is
aging and aging out of that is the more
conservative firearms buying audience
yeah the kids may be used to buying
things online so are they betting that
that movement is so big that they're
going to attract more than they're going
to lose because dicks is certainly this
is going to cost them in some way yeah
yeah so this seems first off it seems
genuine you get the sense this guy
really the wording you use it I was
disturbed it also seems as I would argue
it's good for shareholder value because
the cohort that is probably gonna have
the most negative reaction to this is
probably middle class red state and
probably doesn't have the same
disposable income as some of the people
who are very upset about that
specifically suburban moms who buy four
or five cars who spent a lot of money
buying the soccer gear for their kids
buy at a lot of places there's a lot of
competition here and then the 19 year
old male or female the kid one thing you
know about these kids that stood up at
that Town Hall they're gonna influence a
lot of spending these kids are so smart
so aggressive you know they're gonna go
to college you know they're gonna do
well you know they're gonna be thought
leaders so this feels like it's not only
the right thing to do it feels like it's
the smart thing to do they might take a
hit in the short run but this feels like
it's not only good but good business
what do you think about the fact that
look Walmart has got similar things in
place Cabela's and the other one the
Cabela's the one that Bass Pro yeah so
the big competitors are almost all out
of the business now or will be out of
the business of high-capacity magazines
of assault rifles of selling the people
under the age of 21 but there are a
billion mom-and-pops around the country
that do this stuff so from a business
perspective what does it mean that the
big players are out but there are no
one's gonna be unable to buy a gun it's
primarily optics at this point it's not
gonna rely I don't think it's going to
have a ton of impact on your ability to
get a gun I mean just if you keep your
eyes peeled and any sort of in any
middle-income area you're typically
going to see gun shops and I don't see
those going away to a certain extent I'm
a tourism
it might be a boon for some of the
smaller longtail gun shops given how
polarized we are right now we hear
movements to boycott this boycott that
all the time how I key is it to be a CEO
I think back to when there were the
riots in Charlottesville and if I'm a
CEO of a brand and I see somebody you
know attacking someone else and then
we're in a Nike shirt they're wearing a
Gap t-shirt is that not tricky I mean
you can't help with bad guys wear your
stuff yeah it's it's very difficult to
remain apolitical and not have a
viewpoint and have additional meetings
and additional headaches around some of
the political issues taking place almost
every retail is touched at the same time
I would argue that difficulty has been
matched by compensation which is now 400
times what the average worker makes you
know it sucks it sucks to be wealthy
these are good problems to have to deal
with this
it means most likely you're making a
very good living if you have to deal
with these do the boycotts actually
happen you know when we see the I know
that boycott uber actually impacted uber
that won the night the travel ban was
enough but in general we hear about
these boycott boycott all the time does
it really happen
this is gonna sound cynical but I think
most of the data shows that there's some
dissonance between what consumers say
and how they actually behaved so
consumers will talk a big game about
ethical supply chain but they still want
that little black dress for 1999
corporate social responsibility
tends to be a tie breaker but at the end
of the day people want their Nespresso
pods were 48 hours right
so I sent this to to my wife Laurie I
said you know I think until Amazon stops
reading NRA TV maybe I don't want to
have it and she said well what will you
do and I said I'll buy things from other
people and she'll say says who and I
said well Walmart's making a big push on
lines because you know Walmart sells
more guns than anyone does so you're mad
at Amazon for streaming NRA TV but
Walmart actually sells the guns so when
I started to think about the
associations that all of us have with
guns in America taking a position to
boycott a fair one when which you're
boycotting everybody who's profiting off
of guns would be actually quite hard for
the average American to do well going
bit off script here you know our
nation's democracy has technically been
didn't been weaponized by a Russian
intelligence group but and we know what
happened on Facebook and Instagram but
we don't give it up have you guys right
have you guys
taking it to Facebook or Instagram off
your files this is this is a very good
point that to the boycott concept is
difficult
so for Dix it's actually and I don't
want to say it's easy because I think
it's been a tough decision for them but
it is one thing they can do for the rest
of us to take a position like that is a
lot of things we'd have to do it's again
it's as people talk a big game can dude
the Revolution is typically not consumer
let it might have to be this time
because consumers are getting so fed up
hoping that something's going to come
out of DC and it's a lot of slow ball
and they finally decided okay I'm
inspired by these 18 or 19 year olds I
mean think about the sixties right think
about the movements that were inspired
by eighteen or nineteen year olds that
were too stupid to know they were gonna
fail right they were too stupid to think
we can change the world in this instance
it's not only kind of a political in a
social moment it might be an economic
moment because with social media and the
ability to say I'm a very important
consumer and I'm gonna start I don't
know about you guys when I saw Delta
said we're not gonna go with the iron
alright I actually felt good about Delta
right my politics are beginning to get
linked to my consumer purchases yes so
just as news run 24-hour sports went
24-hours politics have now gone 24 hours
and we are going to begin linking
purchases you said you bought
Philadelphia Eagles we're at Dick's
you're gonna start buying products based
on the political viewpoint of the
company which it can no longer stay
neutral long isn't that a risky position
for companies to take or are they making
a smart move to triangulate government
if you've got teenagers and CEOs taking
real action does it not make you know
Congress who's sitting there going
thoughts and prayers kind of look like
chumps well yeah but that's been going
on for a while right I mean that's not
this level but what is what is Congress
is what is their approval rating right
now I'm not sure how much how much worse
it can get it needs to gain customers
more than Congress and again there's
more more dissonance what we really hope
is those young inspiring kids around the
world who are doing marches actually do
something that adds a cohort they have
not been doing and that is voting voting
is not great among young people so they
make fun of us for giving or blush and
putting their thoughts and prayers well
I hope you guys show up I hope every 18
to 25 year old which is typically been
the lowest voter turnout
shows up in boats are you concerned that
there's all this enthusiasm but you're
not gonna have results we keep talking
about for like I'm so excited that these
teenagers have more Instagram followers
than the NRA Instagram followers are
meaningless votes matter yeah I'm
actually more hopeful about gun control
than I have been in a long time because
the most powerful core the most powerful
stakeholder in the American economy is
the consumer it's not the worker it's
not even the shareholder where consumer
driven economy and it feels like the
consumer is getting angry about this and
teens who are the most important
consumer in the world because we wear
their clothes we take their cues in
terms of media what phone we want what
restaurants are cool what vacation spots
we want to go to yeah they are the tip
of the spear so I'm more hopeful here
you're gonna see more progress my
prediction on gun control
then you're gonna see around social
media because consumers don't seem to
care that their platforms have been
weaponized by badass well said
I totally like that I do I love stuff
that was great what you know what take
your cues from me I know it's a it's a
good it's a really important discussion
we'll have it more thanks guys thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
