differences about how to address this
issue
that I'm continually snagged every
effort so what Senator Cornyn has
suggested is that we take something we
all agree on not in any way claiming
it's a panacea but at least show some
progress toward dealing with one element
of the problem with a reality check on
whether there's a path forward for any
new gun legislation on Capitol Hill and
we should pause okay well Willie why
don't you take it to a microphone in a
second here joining us now is Democratic
Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia and
CNBC's Brian Sullivan join our
conversation as well senator great to
see you as always I want to play it real
well you've been you've been sort of in
the middle of this gun debate for
several years now you have a state with
a lot of gun owners and you've had to
walk that line a little bit about what
can be done to stop some of the
incidents we've seen I want to play for
you what the CEO of Dick's Sporting
Goods Edward stack said this morning
about his company's decision and the
company's previous policies on gun sales
let's listen after Newtown after Sandy
Hook he has a temporary suspension of
assault weapons as sales but then you
came back to selling them yeah whoo we
did well we we said that we were gonna
temporarily take them out of the Dick's
stores the dick sporting good stores we
never put him back in the dick stores
they've not been in the dick sporting
goods stores and then in 2013 we
developed a chain field and stream which
was a full-on complete hunting an
outdoor store and we put them in those
stores but based on what's happened
you're looking at those kids and those
parents it moved us all unimaginably and
to think about the loss and the grief
that those kids and those parents had
who said we need to do something and
we're taking these guns out of all of
our stores permanently so you had no
chance you're gonna reverse
are you ready for the backlash we are so
senator Manchin here's what Dix
announced this morning effectively
they're gonna take out semi-automatic
rifles like the ar-15 out of their
stores permanently will no longer sell
firearms to anyone under 20 years of age
will no longer sell high-capacity
magazines or bump stocks do you have a
problem with any of that not at all I
buy a dick size shop Dick's quite
frequently and I'm going to continue to
do so there's an old saying Willy follow
the money the markets the markets
adjusting right now they're going to see
where their clientele will be and see if
they lose any of their customers or if
they build a customer base off of it
these children have made a difference
they have an impact around this country
and it's a national movement things are
happening so we'll just see where it
goes but you know we're in the political
reality of Washington the Republicans
have controlled the house the Senate in
the White House and I have said this
simply the political reality is if the
president gets behind something
it'll give Republicans enough courage to
do what what he has done or led and
that's what we're dealing with so I'm
gonna go to the White House today we're
gonna lay out the manchin-toomey bill
again it's common sense it protects the
second Amendment rights but it takes
commercial transactions at gun shows or
on the Internet have to be background
check it makes sense it doesn't take
away anyone's freedoms or rights but if
you don't know that person and if the al
Qaeda or the terrorists advertised on
television if you want to get a weapon
of mass destruction or app armed go down
to the local gun store go buy it we want
to stop that so this is a decision by
Dix is a private company can do as it
pleases but it's also now calling for
Congress to do what it is done it wants
to restrict gun sales to people 21 years
and older wants to get rid of ar-15s ban
those the sales of those do you have as
a legal question not a question for Dix
but a question for you all in Congress a
problem with any of those proposals well
you know the bump stocks is a no-brainer
right I didn't find a Democrat
Republican opposed to that and we still
haven't got that one done no-fly list if
you're too dangerous to be on an
airplane don't you think maybe we should
be caution before they let you go buy a
gun there's so many things that
that makes sense the 21 is a no-brainer
because you have to be 21 years of age
to bike a handgun so all those things
there the ar-15 is a different I don't
own an ar-15 well a nor do I have a need
to buy one I have a lot of friends that
do own them and they basically are not
committing crimes they bought them
because they could so that's the totally
they ought to be able to continue to buy
those going forward senator well the
markets gonna change the market like
what dick store now that is a legal
judgment or they'd be able to buy them
well there's they're sold now legally
I'm not you know I'm not going to weigh
in on that at this point in time I wish
you know for a person I don't have a
desire to buy one I don't own one but
let's put it this way I have a lot of
friends that have sports cars okay and
I've seen them 200 miles an hour and the
speedometer to mount 100 miles an hour
do you think they're going to go 200 but
they think they can or it will if they
wanted to
I don't know I'm on this one here that
is a difficult one there's not enough
votes to pass that so you just repeal
that we just had Congressman Tom Cole on
as well and he kind of walked up to the
line where you're walking right now he's
full he said raising the age of twenty
ones okay bump stocks that are okay but
banning the sale of an ar-15 is where he
draws the line you agree with that well
I think that's difficult you know how
the votes for it just don't have the
vote how would you vote if that came up
well right now I would say that I don't
have any friends that own the gun right
now I don't know anyone's committed a
crime with it so I wouldn't take their
gun away
Sulli you know it's an interesting move
as part of our documentary on CNBC a few
years ago ar-15 the rise of the
America's gun we spent a lot of time
with ar-15 owners I mean the majority of
gun owners in America are law-abiding
citizens the amount of households that
his own guns has actually not moved much
in 40 years we think more more
households own guns it's actually not
true but what's happened is the people
that own guns tend to own more so if you
own two now maybe you own four it is a
slippery slope because we're dealing
with constitutional issues from the
business side however to your point
Dick's Sporting Goods saying they are no
longer going to sell these things I find
it there are still some big retailers
Bass Pro Shops and it's Cabela's
city arey and a few others the majority
of gun sales done in mom-and-pop type
shops so there is some work on the
larger side too there's only so much the
big chains cannon will do I do find it
interesting though that the not agreeing
with this or disagreeing with this but
the guy that founded sturm ruger whose
name was bill Ruger they're one of the
maker of this he famously said about 30
years ago that no honest man needs more
than 10 rounds and a gun you know so
there you have the founder of a gun
Smith & Wesson tried to create a smart
gun technology in 2000 year 2000 they
got a three million dollar grant from
the federal government mica the industry
basically as we talked about ate itself
the stock fell 85 percent people the
industry went after Smith & Wesson they
pulled back on the initiative so you're
also you're not just dealing with
constitutional and congressional issues
you're dealing with market issues and
you're dealing with the industry issues
well senator go ahead senator mica let's
get back to the basics that we can't
even get a background as sensible
reasonable background check passed I'm
just trying to say fine this bill of the
manchin-toomey bills been there for five
years we've had every responsible law
abiding gun owner look at it they didn't
have a problem with it you know they
were concerned about back then the
previous administration they did not
think was favorable towards guns if we
did a little bit of something even
though it was so reasonable that then
this administration said one
administration we take more the right so
senator senator Manchin it's Brian
Sullivan again but but Congress can do
something to get ahead of what is coming
I have personally fired an ar-15 style
weapon that was partially built with 3d
printed parts three deep made in
somebody oh yes made in somebody's
garage I personally myself fired the gun
as part of that documentary Congress has
the chance now as opposed to being
retroactive to be proactive on the next
generation of technology does it not and
what is coming to selling stuff in
stores is one thing making things at
home is a different thing well right
also you've been around Washington long
enough I've been here long enough to to
understand that we can't move anything
unless there's a movement from
leadership if the Republicans who have
controlled the White House the House and
the Senate is not going to step up and
something then you're just whistling in
the wind and that's a shame but that's
what we're dealing these brave young
people have moved this market more than
I've ever seen moved this is a national
movement they're gonna have a national
march on Washington March the 24th this
is all good the market forces you've got
corporations for the first time or
taking different positions they never
take they've never taken before you've
got Delta here's what I've said the
Delta and Georgia wants a thumb out come
on there's other states they'll take him
mm-hmm they're gonna watch the market
move that's what they want to do fine
let's see what happens
that's going to be more the old saying
follow the money is going to do more
than what we're able to do here because
of the lack of a will to do something or
the courage of Chairman senator good
morning it's chairman Peters now you've
been at the center of this debate for as
you said five years he should be as
Senator McConnell was alluding to
earlier there's such a small area
bipartisan agreement on this subject one
of them seems to be this fix Nick's bill
but Democrats at least as far as I
understand it haven't agreed to give
their support for a fixed NICs bill if
that's the only thing on the table they
want a broader more comprehensive piece
of legislation like yours do you think
it's wise for Democrats to withhold
their votes in hopes of getting
something bigger I don't think that's a
wise move at all because you take
whatever step you can as baby of a step
as it may be the thing about the fix
Nick's that's in our bill the
manchin-toomey has that in it John has
separate that and that's fine if that's
where we start I want to make sure that
we can have amendment process if you're
going to have a responsible background
check bill and the president says he
wants background checks the
manchin-toomey bill has been out there
longer than anything else and it doesn't
infringe on anyone's rights
it just keeps basically from a
commercial transaction not knowing
somebody from buying a gun at a gun show
or on the internet period and it did an
awful lot of other things as far as
school safety and mental illness we'll
see how far that they'll go on that but
I'm gonna use whatever base we have to
work off of if it's the John Cornyn and
Chris Murphy's fix Nicks and they want
to put two amendments on each side we're
going to try to build off of that
something that's reasonable the
Democrats will be reasonable and
responsible on this there's some that
want to go a lot further I understand
that completely but you know we've got
to get something to accomplish in
something passed Senator Joe Manchin
thank you for being on the show this
morning
Thanks making good to be with y'all
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
