thing one tonight do you remember John
Baron or John Miller the Trump spokesman
who would call out reporters and leak
braggadocious information about the
Donald in the 80s but obviously were
just Donald Trump himself pretending to
be someone else just call
in 1984 Trump pretending to be John
Barron called up a reporter for Forbes
magazine who was working on the
magazine's 3rd annual ranking of
America's richest people John Barron
just wanted to share some really
favorable information about Donald
Trump's financial situation only was
that not John Barron what he's saying
was not true
it was Trump lying to Forbes pretending
to be someone else to get Donald Trump
on the Florist laundry list now Trump
really cares about that list which is
why tomorrow could be a tough day for
him and that's thing too in 60 seconds
Donald Trump clearly had ambitions to
leave the White House more rich than
when he got there there's of course the
Trump International Hotel in Washington
that opened his first year in office
where Trump can make money off of anyone
who comes to town and wants to please
him the president has also reportedly
charged the government millions of
dollars to rent office space in Trump
Tower for the purpose of protecting him
and more than $300,000 for golf cart
rentals which he charges a secret
service when he goes to his clubs but
he's going to have to start renting
shoes too because this plan is not
working Forbes is reporting that Donald
Trump's net worth has actually dropped
from 4.5 billion dollars in 2015 to 3.1
billion the last two years 200 million
of that apparently because of the effect
Trump's presidency on his brand for some
reason a lot of people are turned off by
the Trump name now I can't imagine why
tomorrow forex releases its latest
Forbes 400 list and we don't know
exactly where Trump is on it but we know
last year he was number 248 Forbes says
he's dropped a hundred and thirty eight
spots this year which by our math has
him barely hanging on at number 386 not
that Trump cares or anything
I mean Forbes just came out and they
said I'm worth four and a half four five
billion dollars and they have no idea
actually they have no idea much more
than that but I won't tell them hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
