day 404 of the Trump administration
brings a major shake-up again to the
West Wing and a big change in status for
one of the president's most senior most
trusted aides Jared Kushner president
Trump's son-in-law and senior advisor
has been stripped of his high-level
security clearance cutting off his
access to highly classified information
like the presidential Daily Brief NBC
News has learned that Kushner who has
been working under the highest level
interim clearance for all this while
more than a year learned about the
downgrade in a memo on Friday the
decision comes as White House chief of
staff John Kelly moved to overhaul the
White House security clearance process
after the resignation of staff secretary
Rob Porter amid allegations of spousal
abuse on his part well tonight a senior
administration official told our NBC
News colleague Kristen Welker that the
president quote has faith in his
son-in-law and his senior advisor to
continue to work at the level that he
has from the beginning in terms of
making progress of major pieces of his
portfolio a sentiment the president also
emphasized just days ago
Jared sent an outstanding job I think
he's been treated very unfairly he's a
high quality person he works for nothing
when it came to the issue of allowing
his son-in-law to keep his access to the
nation's deepest secrets Trump seemed
happy to let his chief lieutenant make
that call that'll be up to general Kelly
a general Kelly respects Jared a lot and
general Kelly will make that call the
White House had no official response to
today's development but a spokesman for
Jared Kushner issued a statement that
reads in part as to his security
clearance
mr. Kushner has done more than what is
expected of him in this process no
concerns were raised about mr. Kushner's
application as general Kelly himself
said the new clearance policy will not
affect mr. Kushner's ability to continue
to do the very important work that he
has been assigned by the president
that work has meant a broad portfolio
shall we call it for the 37 year-old
Kushner a veteran of a family real
estate business in New York has no
government experience prior to this his
portfolio has included dealing with the
peace process in the Middle East
handling relations with China Japan and
Mexico as well as domestic issues
including but not limited to opioids
infrastructure government efficiency the
economy and trade serving the president
and the people of the United States has
been the honor and privilege of a
lifetime I am so grateful for the
opportunity to work on important matters
such as Middle East peace and
reinvigorating America's innovative
spirit every day I come to work with
enthusiasm and excitement for what can
be but his involvement in some of the
president's key domestic and foreign
policy decisions his work on the Trump
campaign and his one-time involvement in
that family real-estate business may
have made him something of a liability
in this administration the Washington
Post as we mentioned earlier reports
tonight that he was targeted by foreign
governments and that quote officials in
at least four countries have privately
discussed ways they can manipulate Jared
Kushner the president's son-in-law and
senior advisor by taking advantage of
his complex business arrangements
financial difficulties and lack of
foreign policy experience according to
current and former US officials familiar
with intelligence reports on the matter
among those nations discussing ways to
influence Kushner to their advantage
were the United Arab Emirates China
Israel and Mexico Post goes on to say
White House officials were quote
concerned that Kushner was naive and
being tricked in conversations with
foreign officials some of whom said they
wanted to deal only with Kushner
directly and not more experienced
personnel let's bring in our leadoff
panel for a Tuesday night broadcast
Jeremy bash former chief of staff at the
CIA and Pentagon Robert Costa national
political reporter for The Washington
Post and moderator of Washington week on
PBS and Kimberly Atkins chief Washington
reporter for the Boston Herald
all three are MSNBC analyst mr. Costa I
understand you are just off the phone
with some folks and can speak to just
how bad a day this was for Jared Kushner
a very rough day for Jared Kushner
talking to officials inside of the White
House tonight Brian they say that he has
lost not only his security clearance at
least that high level access to
classified information downgraded to a
secret status he is losing his top aide
inside of the White House Josh Rafael
announced today he's leaving the White
House not a well-known presence
nationally but inside of the West Wing
inside of Washington known as a real
Keene operator he's leaving the West
Wing and you also have Kushner
struggling with with general Kelly the
chief of staff these tensions about the
scope of his role all of it
culminating today with this new
clearance or announcement Jeremy bash if
Hollywood or homeland or any number of
broadcasts were doing this they would
establish a meeting in the Situation
Room where they would have to pause and
say I'm afraid to continue we'll need to
ask you to leave but in the real world
in a practical sense what does this mean
Jared Kushner will no longer be able to
see or hear or handle and who's the
enforcer he won't be able to read the
president's Daily Brief he won't be able
to get access to intelligence about some
of the things in his portfolio like the
israeli-palestinian peace process or
relations with China that computer under
his desk that gives him access to
top-secret classified information will
have to be ripped out from under his
desk Brian I've talked to White House
officials current and former all
throughout the evening and none of us
can remember a single West Wing staffer
who was able to remain in his or her job
with merely a secret clearance with the
exception of the people who deliver the
mail were the enlisted sailors who work
in the White House mess Brian this is
professionally fatal for Jared Kushner
he cannot
to the job that the president has asked
me to do with merely a secret clearance
Kim let's agree as a baseline for this
conversation that if an organic talent
search had been launched to find a
senior adviser to the President of the
United States no one would come back and
say there's this guy named Kushner he's
37 he's in real estate in New York he'd
be perfect but presidency and elections
have their perks and consequences the
president wanted him there do you think
what we've witnessed today is the
revenge of two generals named Kelly and
McMaster perhaps wanting to exert a
little bit more control over the West
Wing I think that's absolutely that I
mean I think there is this struggle that
is going on you have people who are
there who want this to work properly
look this is a textbook example of why
we have security clearance requirements
for people in high-ranking positions in
the White House this isn't just a story
of White House intrigue it's a matter of
national security when we're dealing
with friends and foes who are both
trying to manipulate a top White House
official in order to gain some sort of
leverage that's a major problem this
would be disqualifying for anyone who
was not related to the president and I
think that is the tension here you have
someone who you can't who John Kelly
even if he wanted to fire him how can
you fire the president's son-in-law but
it's presenting a major problem ongoing
problem that doesn't seem to have any
sort of solution so long as he's in
there now now Jared Kushner can't fully
do the job it's as Jeremy pointed out
and in doing the job he's a liability to
the White House
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
