last month and what was then the biggest
story of the year the New Yorker
magazine reported that senior law
enforcement officials had come to the
White House in December and given them
given senior officials at the White
House a stark warning that a member of
the president's family was being
targeted by a Chinese influence
operation in that same article Evan
Osnos and Adam entus for The New Yorker
reported that senior White House adviser
Jared Kushner had basically been blowing
off national security protocols in
taking foreign meetings specifically
with the Chinese government including
him meeting alone on at least one
occasion with the Chinese ambassador
antis and oznas further reported on US
intelligence intercepts that turned up
some some some worrying discussions
about Kushner's dealings with the
Chinese quote US intelligence agencies
aggressively target Chinese government
communications including their
ambassadors reports to Beijing about his
meetings in the US according to current
and former officials briefed on US
intelligence about Chinese
communications Chinese officials said
that in meetings to prepare for the
Chinese president's summit at mar-a-lago
this past April the Chinese ambassador
and Jared Kushner discussed Jared
Kushner's business interests along with
US government policy Jared Kushner is
bringing up his own personal business
interests alongside government policy
while talking with the Chinese
government that's a serious national
security breach and what just broke
tonight in The Washington Post tells us
a little more detail about why that is
and we're gonna go through that with
Shane Harris in just a second but that
New Yorker report from last month that
was also the first time that we learned
that Jared Kushner was given access to
the president's Daily Brief to the
highly classified intelligence summary
that's prepared for the president every
day what was unprecedented and and
frankly strange about that revelation is
that Jared Kushner was given access to
the PDB despite the fact that he doesn't
have a full security clearance and
hasn't been able to get one for the
whole year that he's been in the White
House so that New Yorker report was last
month since then
you know the whole issue of security
clearances has blown up into a
full-scale disaster for the Trump White
House following revelations about Rob
Porter the White House staff secretary
who lost that job following news reports
about serious domestic violence
allegations against him from both of his
ex-wives those news reports about those
domestic violence allegations
those were revelations to all of us in
the public but it turned out that the
White House had known about those
allegations for a long time the ex-wives
had been interviewed by the FBI as part
of Rob Porter's background check process
for him trying to get a security
clearance the FBI wouldn't clear him to
get a full security clearance because of
those allegations against him which they
described to the White House chief of
staff and the White House Counsel
despite that White House chief of staff
John Kelly kept Rob Porter in that job
he even recommended Rob Porter for big
promotions and he kept giving him access
to the most highly classified materials
that crossed the president's desk
despite Rob Porter not being able to get
a clearance so the furor over Rob Porter
and the White House handling of those
allegations against him the White House
is inexplicable lack of concern over his
security clearance problems that led to
sustained controversy for a White House
that otherwise sheds controversy like
water off a duck it also led to a policy
change at the White House as of this
past Friday White House chief of staff
John Kelly announced with this memo that
the White House would no longer allow
access to highly classified material for
staffers who couldn't get a full
security clearance and once we got that
policy announced we did see a few people
start peeling off out of White House
jobs White House speechwriter who
couldn't get a full clearance for
appointees in the Commerce Department
has reported tonight in the Washington
Post by Carol lennick we also
incidentally asked Jared and Ivanka's
communications director Josh raffle if
maybe him leaving tonight had something
to do with the security clearance issue
having to do with him no answer from him
on that either but there's there's been
this very fraught question looming over
this whole security secur
declarants controversy and that's
because the most high-profile people in
the white house who we know haven't been
able to get full security clearances are
these two the president's daughter
Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner
they're each titled as senior White
House advisors Jared's in charge of
Middle East peace and China and Mexico
and all trade policy Ivanka just got
back from briefing the president of
South Korea on the new North Korea
sanctions how on earth can they do these
senior jobs if this new policy from
chief of staff John Kelly means that the
two of them are no longer gonna be
allowed to see classified materials
tough question right politico.com first
to report tonight that this new John
called John Kelly policy about the
security clearances the new policy is in
effect it did go into effect on Friday a
few days ago politico.com first to
report that this means Jared Kushner at
least he no longer has access to highly
classified information he has lost his
access to the highest level of
classified material including the
president's Daily Brief we also assume
that these changes will restrict access
to information for the president's
daughter
but who knows were in brand-new
nepotistic ground there so we sort of
await further word on Ivanka's fate her
job her access to materials so all that
has been unfolding and then meanwhile
tonight The Washington Post just dropped
the hammer when it comes to Jared
Kushner specifically headline here is
quote Kushner's overseas contacts raise
concerns as foreign officials seek
leverage this story tonight in The
Washington Post takes the kinds of
national security concerns about Jared
Kushner that were first reported in The
New Yorker last month and it it turns
them up to 11 citing current and former
US officials familiar with intelligence
reports on the matter
Shane Harris and his colleagues at the
Washington Post report tonight quote
officials in at least four countries
United Arab Emirates China Israel and
Mexico have privately discussed ways
they can manipulate Jared Kushner
taking advantage of his complex business
arrangements his financial difficulties
and his lack of foreign policy
experience
National Security Adviser HR McMaster
learned that Jared Kushner has had
contacts with foreign officials that he
did not coordinate through the National
Security Council and he did not
officially report them the issue of
foreign officials talking about their
meetings with Kushner and their
perceptions of his vulnerabilities was a
subject raised in McMasters daily
intelligence briefings officials in the
White House were concerned that Jared
Kushner was naive and being tricked in
conversations with foreign officials
some of whom said meaning some foreign
officials said they wanted to deal only
with Jared Kushner directly and not with
more experienced personnel so this is
operating at a couple of levels right
the personal drama here is that it's
it's not just that Jared Kushner can't
pass his background check to get a full
clearance you know there's some hang up
at the FBI in terms of clearing them
through all right that's no longer the
story the personal drama here is that
with this tour breaking news tonight in
The Washington Post this means that the
problem is inside the house right this
is the president's national security
advisor and White House officials more
generally who have these concerns about
Jared Kushner
and that's why he won't get a full
clearance quote Kushner's contacts with
certain foreign government officials
have raised concerns inside the White
House and are a reason he has been
unable to obtain a permanent security
clearance so again this is this is not
the White House fighting with the FBI
over whether or not it's ok to clear
Jared this is the White House itself not
being ok to clear Jared which is one
thing if Jared were a normal employee
right if you're just gonna end up firing
a Rob Porter or even a Mike Flynn that's
one thing but what happens when the guy
in question the guy about whom there are
serious national security concerns is
the president's son-in-law what happens
when the president's own top-level staff
takes a stand against his family
who wins that fight with the president
who gives his family top-level White
House jobs and then there's the legal
and the scandal issues here to quote
special counsel robert muller has asked
people about the protocols Kushner used
when he set up conversations with
foreign leaders now it has previously
been reported that Robert Muller's team
of prosecutors had expanded their
interest in Jared Kushner to include his
efforts to secure financing for his
company from foreign investors during
the presidential transition well tonight
the Washington Post put some meat on
those bones again citing US intelligence
intercepts quote officials from the UAE
knighted Arab Emirates identified
Kushner as early as the spring of 2017
as particularly manipulable because of
his family's search for investors in
their real estate company quote
questions have also been raised about
whether Kushner discussed financing with
a Russian banker he met in December 2016
with Sergey Gourcuff the top executive
of a Russian state-run bank called VEB
which is subject to US sanctions the
bank has said that they talked about
promising business lines and sectors
with Jared Kushner at that meeting but
Kushner himself told Congress that that
meeting didn't involve any discussions
about his family's company UAE it's
Russia China to quote before Trump took
office during the transition Kushner met
with an executive of a Chinese run
insurance company on bond to discuss
options for financing a troubled Kushner
company's investment in a New York
office building at 666 Fifth Avenue I
should tell you that company
incidentally on bond they were just
taken over this weekend by the Chinese
government
that's a Kushner was negotiating with
during the transition for like a four
hundred million dollar investment in his
companies in hit in his family's company
building so this in the Washington Post
tonight this this is a bombshell for a
couple of reasons one there is the
unprecedented and bizarre personal drama
where we can't predict the outcome
because we've never had anything like
this before
this bizarre personal drama that derives
from nepotism which is why their aunt
nepotism rules we've got this bizarre
drama of the White House including the
National Security Adviser and apparently
the White House chief of staff drawing a
line and saying no to the president over
his son-in-law saying that on national
security grounds how does that resolve
and - there are apparently very serious
national security concerns about the
behavior of a White House senior advisor
and his contacts with multiple foreign
countries serious enough concerns that
they would rank among the biggest
scandals in any modern presidency even
if there weren't all these bizarre and
personally complicated nepotism concerns
layered in the middle of this same
scandal joining us now is Shane Harris
of the Washington Post one of four
reporters who broke this big story
tonight mr. Harris congratulations on
this this very big story thanks for
joining us tonight thanks Rachel so let
me ask you about HR McMaster there's a
lot of discussion about White House
officials having concerns White House
officials being broadly described but
there's a lot of specificity in your
reporting about HR McMaster learning
through his daily intelligence briefings
about Kushner's worrying contacts with
foreign officials which he didn't
officially report he didn't coordinate
through the National Security Council
why is McMaster the person in line to be
monitoring this sort of behavior by a
White House official what are the daily
intelligence briefings that he's
receiving where he was getting reports
about these concerns
well HR McMaster remember came in to
replace Michael Flynn after he was
forced out of the White House with his
own russia-related issues is really sort
of the the sits at the center of all
national security policy making that
goes on in the White House and it's also
his job to make sure that the State
Department a defense department in the
intelligence community that their views
are all represented and that all of that
information is brought in so that the
White House has a coherent foreign
policy and that he can present options
to the president when he came into his
job he discovered and was quite taken
aback to find out that Jared Kushner was
having his own policy discussions
essentially with foreign officials and
not reporting that through the normal
channels of people in the White House
from McMasters position that was a
problem because Jared Kushner is a
senior advisor to the president
with a lot of foreign policy issues in
his portfolio and if he's not reporting
in those conversations that he's having
that means the White House doesn't know
what was said in those conversations the
White House also doesn't have the chance
to brief Kushner ahead of time to say
okay you're gonna be talking to the
foreign minister of China here are all
the things that we know about what's on
China's mind right now here are the
things that he might try to tell you
don't believe him this is what the truth
is those kind of pre briefings and then
debriefings after the fact they're
standard and they're done really to make
sure that the people in those
discussions have the full benefit of
information that the government has and
that the White House has a coherent
policy so McMaster surprised to find out
that Gerald was doing this too except to
make sure that McMaster was notified in
the future when Jared would be having
those discussions in terms of mr.
Kirchner and his security clearance
table at least obviously there's a
question as to whether or not he can
stay in the kind of job that he's had
with limited access to sensitive and
classified material but there's also the
question about what is holding up his
clearance I feel like one of the really
big advances in your reporting tonight
is that we had previously been told that
the FBI was having problems with Jared
Kushner's background check for a
security clearance application that as
of February 9th I believe the Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein had
contacted the White House and said there
were serious remaining concerns about
mr. Kushner in terms of his background
check but what you're describing tonight
is that a separate and apart from what
was at whatever's going on at DOJ and
FBI with the question of his his
background check for this clearance
there are concerns within the White
House itself about his behavior as a
White House official that themselves
might be enough to block him from
getting a clearance that's that's how
I'm reading it is that a fair reading of
what you what you've reported yeah it is
and I think that you're right to zero in
on this I mean we haven't really
precisely known up until now well what
was it that the FBI was finding or what
was it about his background check that
was causing the problem it had gone on
for more than a year he hadn't been
fully forthcoming in on his standard
forms that he has to fill out about his
foreign contacts that could have been a
problem what we're learning now is that
these foreign these are contacts with
foreign officials that he was having
these conversations that I'm just
driving the ones that McMaster doesn't
know about there is something in that
set of conversations and in those
actions that becomes a major impediment
to him getting a clearance and what has
become clear in all of this is that he
is not going to get a top-secret
security clearance at least not through
the normal channels it would take the
president I think intervening to give
him that clearance we still don't know
precisely everything that was said in
those conversations but the fact that
that was singled out to us by our
sources as a hurdle as something that
was keeping him from getting that
clearance that is very significant
Washington Post reporter Shane Harris
one of four reporters on this scoop
tonight from the Washington Post Shane
thank you very much for joining us
tonight everything great congratulations
again thanks thanks I will say based on
this reporting it is I know that
everything's unprecedented by this
administration it is impossible to
imagine that White House senior adviser
Jared Kushner keeps his job and national
security adviser HR McMaster keeps his
job and White House chief of staff John
Kelly keeps his job altogether now given
what has been reported about the serious
conflicts among them and the suspicions
of the White House White House officials
toward the president's son-in-law
including stripping his clearance I
can't imagine this sustains can it hold
that thought hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
