white lies the New York Times is
reporting tonight that hope Hicks told
the House Intelligence Committee today
that she believes her job in the White
House working for president Trump
requires her to lie she called them
white lies and then he Trump in the
Trump White House of course everything
white is good white is the way the world
is supposed to be in the Trump White
House and so white lies are good lies
but there is no color of lying that is
acceptable under oath which hope Hicks
is finding out the hard way this morning
just before 8:00 a.m. the president
delivered his most economical tweet ever
two words and one exclamation point
there it is witch-hunt he apparently
decided that he no longer needs to
bother with verbs or adjectives or
sentences to describe how he feels about
the special prosecutor's investigation
which is so far brought charges against
13 Russian witches and six witches in
the United States five of whom have
already pleaded guilty today
the youngest least experienced and least
competent White House communications
director in history 29 year-old hope
Hicks testified before the House
Intelligence Committee as we said she
testified for more than nine hours
according to members of the committee
who attended the closed-door session
hope Hicks refused to answer questions
about anything that has happened during
the Trump presidency and initially
refused to answer questions about the
transition period the committee was
eventually able to compel her to answer
some questions about the transition
period because she had already discussed
that with the Senate Intelligence
Committee last year she specifically
refused to discuss her role in writing
or co-writing or suggesting the false
statement about Donald Trump Jr's
meeting with Russians at Trump Tower
during the presidential campaign that
false statement was written on Air Force
One last year with input from the
president and hope Hicks Adam Schiff the
top Democrat on the committee said this
about the questions hope Hicks refused
to answer this is a breathtakingly broad
claim of privilege that I don't think
any court would sustain
and I think the White House knows that
this is not executive privilege is this
executive stonewalling we requested the
majority to issue a subpoena on the
support on the spot use essentially the
same process that we used was the Benin
majority declined to do so at the same
time that Hope Hicks was being
interviewed today NSA director Mike
Rogers was testifying to the Senate
Armed Services Committee where he said
that President Trump has not directed
him to take any action to stop Russian
meddling in future elections as I
understand you said that President Trump
has never ordered Cybercom to take any
action to defend or thwart Russian
attempts to meddle in the elections this
fall is that correct so I said I've
never given I've never given given any
specific direction to take additional
steps outside my authority and I have
taken the steps within my authority you
know trying to be a good proactive
commander because my view no one from
the administration has asked you to take
any additional steps I've been granted
any you know additional authorities
capacity capability and no that's
certainly true tonight natasha bertrand
of the atlantic who will join us in a
moment is reporting on secret messages
between long-time trump associate Roger
stone and WikiLeaks quote private
Twitter messages obtained by the
Atlantic show that stone and WikiLeaks a
radical transparency group communicated
directly on October 13 2016 and then
WikiLeaks sought to keep its channel to
stone open after Trump won the election
we're joined now by Natasha Bertrand a
staff writer at the Atlantic covering
national security and the Russian
investigation and Jill wine banks is
still with us Natasha the significance
of your discoveries of WikiLeaks and
Roger stone well just kind of undermines
all of the assertions that Roger stone
made during the campaign that his
communications with WikiLeaks and with
Julian Assange took place primarily if
not exclusively through a back-channel
that was his main line of argument he
said well I never actually spoke to
Assange or WikiLeaks directly there was
always through some kind of intermediary
who he later identified as as this radio
host but now we see that actually he was
directly communicating with WikiLeaks on
Twitter
as in October of 2016 and after Trump
won the election the morning after
WikiLeaks messages messaged him and said
well are you happy now were much freer
to communicate when I asked stone about
these messages he said that the entirety
of their communications suggesting that
there was actually more than just this
exchange that I was provided which is
between October and November of 2016
would essentially exonerate him would
show that he'd had no knowledge previous
knowledge of any of the document dumps
that WikiLeaks was going to to release
about John Podesta emails or anything
else but he declined to provide me with
the full exchange of his communications
with WikiLeaks so as of right now it's
kind of up in the air Jill this this is
a possible route of collusion to the
Russians on the other end of WikiLeaks
communication could be direct
communication with the Russians it it
certainly does sound like direct
communication and as charming as Roger
stone can be these emails portray are
the tweets portray a very different
person the whole context of Natasha's
article makes it very clear that he was
indeed in communication with them and I
think he's even admitted at some point
that he had some contact
so he's changing his story a little bit
and I think it could lead to some
problems and keep in mind what good
friends he is with the president that he
and the president were both mentored by
Roy Cohn who would have no problem with
this kind of behavior I am sure where
he's still around so it's it's a very
good road for Muller to be pursuing and
Natasha we have hope Hicks spending nine
hours in a committee where she's
actually refusing to answer questions
about many of the relevant periods it's
kind of extraordinary she could spend
that much time in there and not been
answering a lot of questions right it's
really remarkable she was on of course
in the White House when some of the most
consequential decisions were made when
James Comey was fired for example when
the misleading statement aboard Air
Force One about Trump juniors meeting
with the Russians last June was crafted
by Donald Trump with her consultation so
she really would be able to provide an
intimate glimpse into what trumps intent
was when he fired Comey and when
drafted this statement not to mention of
course her role as his one of his
closest confidants and the person that's
arguably been the most loyal to him
throughout the last two years so hope
Hicks's value really to investigators is
what she can tell them not only about
the campaign but also about trumps
intent over the last about year in terms
of firing Comey and everything else and
with the Russian investigation the
alleged obstructive acts that he's taken
so the fact that she declined to to
answer questions about her time in the
White House really understandably
frustrated the the Democrats on the
house until committee and Jill she
wasn't claiming executive privilege she
was just saying I'm not going to answer
those questions because the White House
asked me not to that's not an excuse
it's not a legal basis executive
privilege also would not be an
acceptable explanation there is no such
thing as saying that I'm exerting
executive privilege only the president
can do that he has not done so and were
he to do so there is not a court in the
country that would not abolish that it
would not be permitted because executive
privilege only covers conversations that
are about policies and politics it would
not cover discussing how to cover up a
meeting that happened that had nothing
to do with politics and I just don't see
how anybody can argue that executive
privilege or this ridiculous claim of
I'm just not answering it can be
tolerated and the Republicans are part
of a cover-up if they do not subpoena
her and force her to answer and take
this to court to be determined whether
she has to answer these questions she
does have important information that
could be very probative and the American
people have a right to know these
hearings should not be closed they
should be open to the public we need to
see how the president and his staff are
behaving and they ought to bear the
consequences for that in the American
public's view Jill and Natasha of them
thanks hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
you
