current and former US officials
administration officials a former US
official White House officials those are
the people who John Kelly was supposed
to stop when John Kelly became White
House chief of staff he was supposed to
stop the leaking to the news media but
with John Kelly running the Trump White
House the Trump White House leaks more
than ever and it leaks increasingly
important information like this breaking
news report in The Washington Post
tonight that uses all of those sources
that I just listed the entire report is
based on leakers everything in it some
of those leakers currently work in the
Trump White House the report says
officials and at least four countries
have privately discussed ways they can
manipulate Jared Kushner the president's
son-in-law and senior advisor by taking
advantage of his complex business
arrangements financial difficulties and
lack of foreign policy experience
according to current and former US
officials familiar with intelligence
reports on the matter the Trump White
House believes they have come up with a
foolproof way of keeping information
about security clearances secret I've
been very clear that we don't discuss
security clearances and that's not
changing today it didn't change
yesterday it's not gonna change tomorrow
no but the Trump White House does
discuss security clearances it does it
all the time through its endless leaking
and today's leakers first told us in the
political report presidential son-in-law
and adviser Jared Kushner has had his
security clearance downgraded a move
that will prevent him from viewing many
of these sensitive documents to which he
once had unfettered access Politico
added all White House aides working on
the highest level
interim clearances at the top-secret s
CI level were informed in a memo sent
Friday that their clearances would be
downgraded to the secret level according
to three people with knowledge of the
situation that was the first round of
anti kushnir leaking from in
inside the Trump administration today
and then came the Washington Post report
about the four countries that
intelligence reports indicate have been
discussing ways that they can manipulate
Jared Kushner by taking advantage of his
financial difficulties in his lack of
foreign policy experience those four
countries are the United Arab Emirates
China Israel and Mexico
The Washington Post article also
contains the news that Jared Kushner
security clearance has been downgraded
and it atributes that information to
quote administration officials The
Washington Post reports HR McMaster
president Trump's national security
adviser learned that Kushner had
contacts with foreign officials that he
did not coordinate through the National
Security Council or official report the
issue of foreign officials talking about
their meetings with Kushner and their
perceptions of his vulnerabilities was a
subject raised in McMasters daily
intelligence briefings according to the
current and former officials these
sources are obviously people who are
bothered by what they are watching in
the Trump White House press briefings
and obviously believe that Jared Kushner
does not deserve the protection of the
White House in those briefings they
obviously believe that Jared Kushner
should not be benefiting from White
House official secrecy about security
clearances and so they tell the
Washington Post things like this
officials in the White House were
concerned that Kushner was naive and
being tricked in conversations with
foreign officials some of whom said they
wanted to deal only with Kushner
directly and not more experienced
personnel said one former White House
official who might or might not be steve
Bannon or one of Jared Kushner's other
detractors who is no longer working in
the Trump White House could be Reince
Priebus could be Sean Spicer it could be
any one of at least a dozen people maybe
more because the list of former Trump
White House officials is the longest
list of such a list in the history of a
presidency that's only a
year old and it is a list full of very
bitter backstabbers and it might even
include some people who are legitimately
concerned about the way Jared Kushner
operates in the Trump White House back
to the Washington Post within the White
House Kushner's lack of government
experience and his business debt were
seen from the beginning of his tenure as
potential points of leverage that
foreign governments could use to
influence him the current and former
officials said they could also have
legal implications Special Counsel
Roberta smaller the third has asked
people about the protocols Kushner used
when he set up conversations with
foreign leaders according to a former US
official and leadless to say the special
prosecutors interest in Jericho has to
be the single scariest thing in Jared
Krishna's life right now Jared Kushner
knows well the power of federal
prosecutors he knows that better than
most people working in the Trump White
House because Jared Kushner spent two
years of his life visiting his father in
federal prison
his father is jared krishna's partner in
the real estate ventures that have
caused them both so much financial
distress distress that foreign
governments believe they can easily
manipulate Jared Kushner
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
