I want to bring in now for more analysis
Ned price MSNBC national security
analyst former spokesperson at the
National Security Council and Natasha
Bertrand who covers the Russian
investigation for the Atlantic and
Olivia newsy Washington correspondent
for New York magazine thanks to all of
you for being here Natasha let me start
with you what are you anticipating we
know as you just heard Mike Memel II say
there is no doubt lawmakers are going to
want to ask hope Hicks about helping the
president craft that response once it
was learned that Donald Trump jr. met
with a Kremlin linked attorney during
the campaign so what do you think we're
gonna see today that's really the key
question I think that they want to get
to the bottom of is what did hope Hicks
know about why this misleading statement
was crafted why was it left out entirely
that this meeting was taken on the
premise of obtaining dirt on Hillary
Clinton what were the conversations like
among Donald's between Donald Trump jr.
and the president and why did she tell
apparently why did she say during a
conference call that the emails that
Donald Trump jr. had exchanged with Rob
Goldstone this music publicist would
never get out was that an active
obstruction was she trying to bury it or
did she simply out of naivete think that
no one would ever be able to access them
these are all questions that they're
going to want to ask her along with you
know the FBI briefed her back in January
2017 right before I believe Trump was
inaugurated about you know the fact that
Russians were reaching out to her and
that they were not who they appeared to
be so the house Intel committee will
likely ask her about those
communications and why she believes that
the Russians continue to reach out to
her even after the election ended net
pick up on where Natasha left off and
the reality is even if they crafted a
statement to the press that wasn't a
hundred percent accurate there's no
crime in that why would that be of
interest to lawmakers today who are
questioning hope Hicks why would they
want to get to the bottom of that Trump
Tower meeting
well you're right christen lying to the
press is in and of itself not a crime
it's not something we should countenance
as the American people but it may not be
criminal I think what Muller and his
team are looking at was the intent in
crafting the statement the way they did
was they're a corrupt
intent on the part of President Trump or
any of his associates was that really
what they thought this meeting was all
about was going to be all about it's the
same thing with the firing of Comey was
did President Trump fire Kumi in fact
because he thought FBI director Comey
was too hard on Hillary Clinton as the
stated statements at the time said or
again was their corrupt intent was this
to stymie the Russia investigation this
gets back to that big question of
obstruction of justice and I know you
don't have a crystal ball but are you
expecting her to answer lawmakers
questions today I would be very
surprised if hope Hicks is forthcoming
she would be the first inner Trump a to
actually be forthcoming and what is
actually incentivizing her to remain
silent to Stonewall is the fact that the
Republicans on the House Intelligence to
bring them back before the committee
they have essentially allowed them to
Stonewall their own committee and to go
unscathed Olivia let me turn to you you
wrote a tremendous profile of Hope Hicks
during the campaign you really
understand her relationship not only to
President Trump but to the Trump family
talk a little bit about that and how it
relates to this broader investigation
yeah hope picks began her career in PR
and was assigned the Trump Organization
account at a firm that she worked for
and became very close to you Ivanka
Trump when people talk about her role in
the White House now you know she's
really here seen as an ally to the
family kind of an extension of the
family itself people talk about her
being closer to Donald Trump than even
Ivanka Trump is for office it's right
outside of the Oval Office and during
the campaign of course she was with by
Trump's side you know beginning in the
winter of 2015 months before he
announced that he was even running for
president and she stuck by him near
through today so she's been next to him
she's seen every important event she has
been part of important conversations or
at least present for the conversations
they
anybody investigating this
administration on the hill or the
Special Counsel would would be wise to
assume that she knows a lot and has a
lot of insight into the president's
thinking during the campaign during the
transition and in the White House and
Olivia a lot of people were stunned when
we learned that according to the New
York Times mark Corallo who's of course
one of president Trump's former
attorneys essentially quit saying that
he was concerned that hope Hicks was
obstructing justice
with that statement what do you make of
that how significant could that be be
very significant and my question you
know my outstanding question about that
is what's that conversation recorded was
were there notes taken during that
conversation that could hold up during
an investigation
you know Pixies lawyer has denied that
that statement was ever uttered it's one
of the few times actually that the
lawyer has come out and said anything
about her in regards to the Russian
investigation on the record with such
denial and I think it's a really
important question I think it you know
it also makes you wonder what else is
going to come out what else does did
that lawyer know and as this
investigation continues to go on are we
going to learn more about things that
that she said that were said that she
overheard that could be very important
going forward and yeah when I heard that
statement I thought it sounded you know
perhaps it was obstruction right perhaps
she didn't mean that they would be
destroyed as some people have speculated
but you know he also sounded like maybe
a naive statement as Natasha said
thinking that oh they will just never
get out but that's kind of the problem
with having people who have never really
been in politics or in government before
surrounding you is that they may not
realize when they say things that have
potential legal consequences because
they've never had to think about that
before so it's valuable as hope is hope
picks is to Donald Trump into the family
and to this White House more broadly I
think there are also questions that
arise you know when you are surrounded
by people who are new to this world
there's there are just inherent
drawbacks like that that they don't
understand maybe how they should be
speaking or when they should be careful
about what they say
and Natasha jump in here we had Adam
Schiff who's the Democrat the top
Democrat on the committee essentially
saying if hope Hicks tries to invoke
executive privilege they're willing to
go to court they're not backing down on
this point Natasha right they realize
how valuable hope Hicks's testimony is
to kind of getting to the broader
getting to the bottom of the broader
question of whether or not like net said
Trump had corrupt intent when he did
fire Comey when he drafted that
statement aboard Air Force One about the
meeting we've already seen that they're
you know willing to take action when it
comes to Steve Bannon issuing an
on-the-spot subpoena and of course the
Democrats are extremely frustrated
because the Republicans will not issue
subpoenas for some of the most valuable
witnesses and of course that means that
they are free to attend the hearing and
testify pretty much on their own terms
so they really don't have to answer the
questions that they don't want to answer
and of course the White House did not
inform the committee according to all
the reporting that we've seen that there
would be any limitations on Hicks's
testimony but of course the loyalty
factor is strong and she probably it
would be again like Ned said very
surprising if she was completely
forthcoming Ned let me shift gears here
a little bit and talk about testimony by
the NSA had Admiral Mike Rogers he
appeared before the Senate Armed
Services Committee and was asked whether
he'd received direction from the
President to do something about Russia's
meddling in the u.s. election to prevent
it from happening again take a listen to
this exchange I'll get your reaction as
I understand you said that President
Trump has never ordered Cybercom to take
any action to defend or thwart Russian
attempts to meddle in the elections this
fall is that correct so I said I've
never given I've never given given any
specific direction to take additional
steps outside my authority we're taking
steps but we're probably not doing
enough okay so she wants to know and I
want to know why the hell not gonna take
I believe that President Putin has
clearly come to the conclusion there's
little price to play here bingo and that
therefore I can continue this activity
yes your reaction I can continue this
activity we're very close to the
midterms Ned Kristen I'm not surprised
is entirely consistent with what we
heard from the intelligence chiefs who
testified earlier this month before the
Senate Intelligence Committee what they
said was they had received no personal
instructions from President Trump to
respond to Russia's cyber meddling and
that is precisely because there has not
been a single National Security Council
meeting reportedly convened by President
Trump himself to take on this challenge
that we know is ongoing that we know
will be a challenge in the midterms and
it's a good set up you are launching a
new venture with some of your former
colleagues tell us about it how does it
play into 2018 and 2020 well that's
right Kristen today we launched
something called national security
action it brings together more than 50
national security experts and leaders
people who have held senior positions in
previous administrations
people who will hold senior positions
going forward and we are going to
essentially serve as a hub to take on
some of the recklessness some of the
erratic responses we have seen from the
Trump administration to the gravest
crisis we face in the nash security walt
realm whether it's North Korea whether
it's taking on ISIL whether it is
abrogating international agreements and
basically this is you Ben Rhodes Jake
Sullivan but also a team of national
security experts that that's precisely
right at national security experts from
across the progressive spectrum people
who have served at high levels of
government people who know what it takes
to keep the American people safe people
who are willing to speak out speak out
against what they are seeing and what we
have seen over the course of the past
year or so have been risky moves by this
administration not only to make us less
safe but also to undermine keep Hiller's
of our foreign policy and our democracy
that have served as the basis for
America's foreign policy for decades and
that's what we're fighting for so this
will become a part of our 2018 and 2020
picture Ned Price thank you for that
preview and thank you Natasha and Olivia
really appreciate all of your insights
