his order daily five-hour humanitarian
pauses in the Syrian government's deadly
onslaught on a rebel-held suburb of
Damascus Russia says it will set up an
evacuation route for civilians in the
area
joining us now member of the judiciary
and Foreign Relations committees
Democratic Senator Chris Coons of
Delaware senator Coons is just back from
a trip overseas where he met with key
allies about the situation in the Middle
East senator it's good to have you on
what did you hear from those key allies
well mica Senator Lindsey Graham of
South Carolina led a bipartisan
delegation for Republicans three
Democrats we went to the United Kingdom
to Jordan to Israel and to Greece and we
met with ministers of defense foreign
ministers prime ministers in the case of
Jordan the king and we heard significant
concern about the escalating violence in
Syria I'll just remind you it's Vladimir
Putin's Russia that has made possible
the butcher of Damascus Bashar al Assad
staying in power and opening a window
for Iran's Revolutionary Guard forces
and for Hezbollah to gain a foothold
throughout Syria we went to the Golan
Heights in Israel and observed actions
on the ground in the near distance right
up against Israel's border by both ISIL
which still has an active pocket there
in southwest Syria and a Assad's forces
backed up by Iranians our Israeli allies
our Jordanian allies are deeply troubled
by the chaos in Syria and how close it's
getting to their borders and our allies
in the UK and in Greece are interested
in tighter closer security partnerships
and in having a clear path forward and
President Trump has led I think a number
of our core allies to question the
forcefulness and clarity of our
commitment both because of his
statements and because of his budget
which proposed a dramatic cut in
humanitarian aid and in the State
Department and USAID I think it was
important that we showed a bipartisan
message of support for our key allies in
the Middle East senator Coons it's
willie Geist if I can hop across the
globe with you just a little bit I spent
the last month or so in South Korea and
there's a school of concern there
obviously the concern is about North
Korea perhaps a direct attack but
there's a school of concern that the
president of the United States may at
some point launch a preemptive strike
into North Korea which would then lead
to strikes into Seoul and across South
Korea is that a reasonable concern or
where is the president where is the
policy right now visa V North Korea and
Willy there has been real debate about
whether to pursue a so-called bloody
nose strike against North Korea I
personally think that would be very
risky I think in North Korea you've got
not as much a regime as a cult of
personality where Kim jong-un
understands that anything that
diminishes his credibility is a direct
assault on his regime and so one of the
things I worry about is that our
president who as a candidate said he
would aim to be unpredictable has
succeeded beyond his wildest dreams and
being unpredictable for our regional
allies so my concern is that Japan and
South Korea who would bear the brunt of
any counter-attack don't know exactly
where our president is going
we don't have ambassadors in a number of
key countries we don't have an
ambassador in Jordan we don't have an
ambassador in South Korea and so it's
hard for the sometimes unpredictable
messages put out by our president to be
deciphered by our core allies
Jonathan senator Jonathan Lemire I know
you've been overseas but of course the
major topic here at home is in the issue
of gun control in the wake of parkland
I'm sure you've been following it I
wanted to see what do you think is this
a moment where things could actually
change what sort of legislation what
sort of measures do you think actually
have a chance of getting through both
parties of Congress and getting to the
last well yesterday I had the chance to
visit one of Delaware's high schools and
to hear from 500 high school students
the number one issue they wanted to talk
about was gun safety gun violence what
it's meant to them to have grown up an
environment where they go through school
lockdown drills active shooter drills
and they're angry insistence that we in
Washington listen to them and take
action
I've been talking to Republican
colleagues both on the trip I just
mentioned and last night and this
morning about what bills we can
introduce that have a chance of moving
forward I remain hopeful
we will take up and vote on common-sense
bills that will strengthen the
enforcement of existing laws and put in
place new laws but the political reality
is pretty harsh and when the kids at
that high school in Delaware asked me
yesterday what can we do to be more
effective in lobbying Congress for
action I said don't change the subject
don't go away stay at it keep coming
push us because what I saw when I was in
Israel at the CNN Town Hall of high
school students from parkland
confronting currently-serving senators
was really compelling very powerful and
I expect that we will act if the people
of America in particular the teenagers
of America hold our feet to the fire and
insist we take action Senator Chris
Coons thank you very much for being on
this morning good to see you coming up
not that long ago many Republicans would
not have defined the GOP as the party of
Trump today you hear very few still
willing to say that what has changed
that's ahead on morning job thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
