in helping our children manage the many
issues they are facing today this means
encouraging positive habits with social
media and Technology even limiting time
online I'm asking you all to join me
today and commit to promoting values
such as encouragement kindness
compassion and respect in our children
without values as a solid foundation our
kids would be better equipped to deal
with many of the evils in our world
today such as drug abuse and addiction
and negative social media interactions
well as the parent of four children and
two younger children I could not agree
more with the words but I must say the
context is it's just bizarre you have
the president United States who's
bragged about saying the the the most
hateful bullying things with his Twitter
feed he mean the New York senator as I
said before he tweeted that she would be
willing to provide sexual favors in
return for campaign donations I'm
sitting next to somebody who he lied
about bleeding from a facelift that she
never had with with blood that never
came out we talk about megyn kelly and
bleeding from all the places he said we
could talk about actually John McCain
him tweeting nasty things about John
McCain and also attacking a man who's
fighting for his very life right now we
could go down the list well Donald Trump
is getting his five deferment that was
the first lady yeah well Donald Trump is
getting his five deferments John McCain
was getting the he'll beaten out of him
with with injuries that he would carry
with him the rest of his life simply
because he refused to leave the Hanoi
Hilton until everybody with him left the
Hanoi Hilton it's
it's really any kindness and compassion
I'll tell you what the lack of Shane
Andrew Sullivan wrote this about
Democrats back in the 1990s and Bill
Clinton the complete lack of shame that
infected Bill Clinton the White House
and the entire party he called it the
death of shame we see that impact in
this White House thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
