and you know the president says it's
okay to fight the NRA once in a while
but it doesn't seem the Republicans in
Georgia agree with that notion Delta is
now facing backlash in its home state
over its push to sever ties with the NRA
in the wake of the parkland Florida
school shooting conservative leaders in
Georgia's Senate are voting to block a
lucrative tax break bill for the airline
unless it fully reinstates its
relationship with the gun rights
organization the bill which cleared the
state's house last week would eliminate
a state tax on jet fuel potentially
saving the Atlanta based company tens of
millions of dollars Delta is one of
several companies to abandon its
relationship with the NRA after the
school shooting on Saturday the company
announced that it would end discounted
rates for NRA members Georgia's
Republican lieutenant governor Casey
Cagle a front-runner in the state's
gubernatorial race this year weighed in
on the matter yesterday tweeting I will
kill any tax legislation that benefits
Delta unless the company changes its
position and fully reinstates its
relationship with the NRA corporations
cannot attack conservatives and expect
us not to fight back it's really
remarkable a you-you-you look for an
example like that when you want to prove
how much somebody cow-house to a special
interest group and in in this case Mike
I they would love that lieutenant
governor yeah to call the good people of
the state of Connecticut there you go
because General Electric yes kept
exactly right kept get you know what
these legislators said General Electric
will never leave they've been here for
60 years and they kept sticking their
thumbs yeah you know in the eyes of GE
executives and they kept raising taxes
in a way that General Electric couldn't
be competitive and General Electric kept
saying listen okay here if you guys do
keep doing this we're going to have
leave they say you're not going to leave
and then there was a guy in the state
legislature of one of the leaders I
think he was a majority leader that said
Oh General Electric just doesn't want to
pay higher taxes because their guys want
to go
yotz on the weekend so that general
electric's board got together and said
we don't have partners here and we don't
have to stay here so General Electric
after being in kinetic for Connecticut
for decades yeah they they move to
Boston Delta Airlines
I mean Delta you couldn't be more right
Delta to the lieutenant governor of
Georgia what are you gonna tell your
voters when Delta decides to put their
hub in Cincinnati that's like you be
I'll be polite you just need to talk to
the people of Connecticut because when
when little state legislators like that
and I'm gonna call him back because
that's what Connecticut had we have
these little state legislators that pop
their chest out and threaten General
Electric to move they move and our
economy in Connecticut is shattered
well the suicidal line and the guys text
whatever it is put the text up again if
you could is the last line corporations
cannot attack conservatives and expect
us not to fight back so if you're a
member of the Delta board if you're the
CEO of Delta you can either get a
message to the lieutenant governor of
Georgia either publicly or privately
we're gonna go and down to Dallas and
ask them what do you do for us we're
gonna make Dallas our new hub instead of
Atlanta that's a lot of jobs we're gonna
go to a lot of jobs I wonder maybe well
maybe we'll go to back to Cincinnati we
moved out of Cincinnati
we'll split our hugs between Cincinnati
and Dallas maybe we'll put it somewhere
in Charlotte they do sure let that's a
pretty good job with US Airways I mean
again the amazing thing is and there
were some again some Second Amendment
gun rights people they were saying wait
I said wait a second that's no don't you
don't do that the NRA
is a private group Delta is a private
business
they shouldn't have government coming in
and weighing in on their fights those
are clear thinking small government gun
rights loving people even saying exactly
I was gonna say conservatives I saw
yesterday we're saying I agree with you
I don't think the NRA should have to
suffer for the what happened
in Florida but the idea and he calls
himself a conservative in that tweet the
idea that it's conservative for a member
of the government to lean on a private
corporation and force them to do
something is not conservative by any
definition meaning in your associations
what what groups you decide to associate
yourself with in gene it's not like
they're punishing the NRA they're
they're just not taking all your
discount they're not gonna be giving NRA
members a discount disc which is their
right which is just like you know the
free drive FedEx has if if FedEx wants
to keep their sweetheart deal with the
National Rifle Association well you know
FedEx can choose to keep their
sweetheart deal I hope they choose no
well they but there they are
but then Americans have the right to say
you know what I'm not gonna ship with
FedEx a exactly that's the way it works
these are two into private institutions
they're not government institutions they
and they have a right to have whatever
kind of relationship they want to have
so you know if I were the the city
fathers and mothers of Charlotte or
Nashville or even Memphis or anybody you
know any other other potential hub in
the south I'd be making a phone call and
saying you know um anybody I knew would
also just let him know I'm available by
the way you know what they saying this
is health Amica you know Willie how come
where do you go after you die Hartsfield
exactly you go to Hartsville arts feel
International Airport and make your
connection there to Eve at a connect L
okay though they're multiple
chick-fil-a's at that Airport so there
are there are multiple check so how
you're gonna find your gate place is so
big okay split it up I mean I was born
in Atlanta I'm a Georgia guy I love it
but man I'm telling you if other Georgia
representatives want to follow that
guy's bike path please look what
happened with General Electric and a
bunch of liberals in Connecticut
that we're saying we're gonna raise
taxes and we don't care what the GE
leadership says there okay we'll move to
Boston it happened just like that still
I had a morning show new polling shows
Americans have more trust in Bob
Miller's investigation than they do in
president Trump's denials of collusion
we'll run through those numbers plus a
new report says John Kelly is largely
brushing aside Ivanka Trump's agenda
suggesting the first daughter is simply
quote playing government those details
are ahead you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
