I had lunch with Dwayne tilapia
Chris Cox and David Lehman of the NRA
and I want to tell you they want to do
something and I said fellas we got to do
something don't worry about the NRA
they're on our side you guys have for
you are so afraid of the NRA there's
nothing to be afraid of and you know
what if then our with you we have to
fight them every once in a while that's
okay
so we have to confront the issue and we
have to discuss mental health and we
have to do something about it you know
the old days we had mental institutions
you know I really believe you don't know
until you test it but I think I really
believe I'd run into even if I didn't
have a weapon president Trump hosted a
meeting on gun safety with governor's
from across the country at the White
House today he repeated his support for
stricter background checks banning bump
stock attachments and arming teachers in
schools that proposal is among the most
controversial and prompted this
challenge from one of the visiting
Democratic governors jay Inslee of the
state of Washington and please know
while you watch this split-screen
you don't have to be a dues-paying
member of the American College of
Psychiatrists
to read the president's facial and body
language while he is being criticized
I've listened to the biology teachers
and they don't want to do that at any
percentage I've listened to the first
grade teachers that don't want to be
pistol-packing first grade teachers I've
listened to law enforcement who have
said they don't want to have to train
teachers as law enforcement agencies
which takes about six months now I just
think this is a circumstance where we
need to listen that educators should
educate and they should not be foisted
upon this responsibility of packing heat
in first grade classes so I just suggest
we need a little less tweeting here a
little more listening and let's just
take that off the table and move forward
the White House hasn't yet sent a
proposal to Congress with us to talk
about all of it tonight Anita Kumar
White House correspondent for McClatchy
Newspapers
and Jeremy Peters political reporter for
The New York Times and an MSNBC
contributor Anita interesting to learn
that the president had lunch with those
three gentlemen from the NRA who he
finds to be
very nice people we are all of us
distracted by the notion of an English
teacher with a Glock or a Sig Sauer
concealed while most people agree that
is never going to happen and is a giant
distraction right what was interesting
about what he said well he actually said
President Trump actually said two things
he said the NRA are patriots they're
great people they're doing the you know
they're trying to do the right thing but
he also said it's okay to fight with him
so he kind of said a little bit he said
it's two different things but what was
striking is all the things he's talked
about so far the things he talked about
today
having educators have guns are things
that the NRA does support he didn't talk
about one particular thing he talked
about last week pretty strongly which is
raising the age for when you can get a
rifle from 18 to 21 didn't mention that
today and that's something the NRA does
not support so later on during the day
when Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked is
this because he had you know lunch with
the NRA she really pushed back and said
well we're still considering it but it
really seemed like a step back from
where he was last week Anita I'm glad
you mentioned that we have a videotape
review of the changing position here
we'll play that Jeremy will talk to you
on the other side of it we're going to
do strong background checks we're going
to work on getting the age up to 21
instead of 18
thank you very much I don't think I'll
be going up against them I really think
the NRA wants to do what's right I mean
they're very close to me I'm very close
to them they're very very great people
they love this country can you specify
the president did not mention whether he
actually wants to age limit still lifted
to 21s can get previously spoken about
he clarifies that still of his position
in terms of I think the last question
you had was the age limit something
still being discussed but a final
determination and legislative peace has
not been determined on that front yet in
terms of the concept there's still
support for that but how it would be
implemented and what that might look
like is still part very much part of the
discussion so Jeremy a couple of points
here if we are to believe press accounts
the age limit 18 to 21 was initially
proffered by among others Geraldo Rivera
at mar-a-lago and number two if this is
migrating if the president is changing
his position on this doesn't it fit that
pattern of speaking off-the-cuff then
learning the position of his party and
then it just ends up going away I've
always had a hard time believing Brian
that the president would do anything
that breaks with the NRA in a
substantial way the NRA came out bigger
and earlier for President Trump than it
did for any presidential candidate I
believe in its history it is responsible
for a significant part of his victory I
think that without the backing of
communities like evangelical Christian
social conservatives gun owners Donald
Trump would not have been able to carry
states like Michigan Pennsylvania and
Wisconsin so president Trump we know
values loyalty above almost everything
else the NRA was loyal to him it stood
by him in a time when many others were
walking away from him and he's not going
to forget that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
