Paul Manafort you've done a lot of
reporting on him talk about his personal
financial situation and how that is
already germane to what we're seeing
well he made tens of millions of dollars
as an international political consultant
and in the last couple of years
particularly right before he started in
the Trump campaign he grew increasingly
desperate for cash and so in the latest
indictment in Virginia Muller describes
a pattern of bank fraud where men afford
and gates his co-defendant repeatedly
lied to banks so that could get loans
and you could see the pace at which they
were telling these lies to get loans
quickened and it was clear that metaphor
really needed cash badly and he took the
job for free so it raises some
interesting questions about what he was
doing when he was you know in apparently
desperate financial straits and working
for free in the Trump campaign actually
some of these indictment documents I
don't feel smart enough to read they're
so complex especially the allegations
surrounding Manta Forte's operation
could you make a case that absent Donald
Trump entering his life Paul Manafort
would just be off somewhere running his
international business and lobbying
registered or unregistered in Washington
for various entities I think you can
absolutely make that case and this is
something that applies to a number of
president Trump's associates you can
almost sort of think of it as the anti
Midas touch there are people who have
come into contact with this president or
his campaign and they have emerged
they're worse for it battered and
bruised for some of these people it
means that they had to compromise their
conservative principles or it was
revealed they didn't quite have the
principles we all thought they did or
they had to endure being publicly
humiliated by this president in Paul
Manafort case it's the fact that
according to these allegations he had
been running a quite complex criminal
enterprise for four years if not decades
and what brought that scrutiny onto him
was joining president Trump's
campaign for free which again is a sort
of a central irony that someone who is
desperate for cash and engaged in
alleged bank fraud then offers to work
for free in this final move that
attracts the attention of ultimately Bob
Muller so Chuck we're watching manna for
we all this video shows manna for
walking you'd think he walked several
miles with cameras every day because we
run the same video of him all the time
with this scene is going to be repeated
now twice this week with kind of a scrum
of photographers him walking into a
federal courthouse and out again is this
mandatory for a superseding indictment
that is or is there prosecutor
prosecutorial discretion at work here
that's question number one question - is
this all a part to get him to flip let
me take question number one first Brian
so it is mandatory anytime you're
charged either initially or with a
superseding indictment that you are
arraigned on those charges in other
words you go in front of a federal judge
she asks you if you understand that you
have been charged makes the formal
presentation of the charges to you sets
the trial date there's some other sort
of perfunctory you know stuff that goes
on but has to happen question number two
is this an effort to get them to flip
well let me take a step back virtually
all defendants who are charged in
federal district court end up being
convicted the overwhelming percentage of
those by guilty plea so it's very
rational very sensible for a defendant
particularly one like Matt affort to end
up pleading guilty and the case against
him just based on my reading of the
indictments is overwhelming so I imagine
one way or the other he's going to end
up as a convicted felon with gates of
pleading and flipping it puts more
pressure on manna fort will mana fort
plead I don't know he may be stubborn he
may insist on this trial one way or the
other though Brian he's gonna end up a
convicted felon
David Chuck is actually a warm lovely
person but that just that has the
ability listening to it to chill your
blood on your bones and the expression
you know indicted and arraigned in
federal court something you want
keep off your resume do you think that
inside manna fort this is a day-by-day
decision to cooperate or not I think to
a lever and what Chuck said aside from
the fact that the vast majority of
federal defendants end up being
convicted is that he's facing a great
deal of time in prison if he is
convicted because of the amount of money
at stake here and he's 68 years old he
has to make the decision whether he
wants to go to trial he was a very good
trial lawyer and they believe they have
a defense but a rational call could be
that he would want to plead guilty which
raises the question of whether president
Trump would consider pardoning him and
whether that might figure into the
defense
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
