now to a special report at the Cavanaugh
fight let's begin with a quote the time
for endless delay and obstruction has
come to a close
are those Obama's words Republicans
obstructed his nominee no hearing for
290 three days from Merrick garland who
was a respected judge in the DC circuit
the same court the Brett Kavanaugh
serves on but the quote that I just read
you of course is not from Obama
it's from Mitch McConnell who had 85
days in the Cavanaugh's process with two
sets of hearings says there's too much
obstruction McConnell trying to turn his
team into the victim of obstruction now
the last Supreme Court nominee from
another party garland waited more than
triple the amount of time that it took
for Mitch McConnell to get to this point
this hypocrisy is quite blatant let's
let the American people decide the
Senate will appropriately revisit the
matter when it considers the
qualifications of the nominee the next
president nominates whoever that might
be this is a nomination that deserves to
move forward and that is precisely mr.
president what is happening I think it's
safe to say it will not be hearings or
votes they're committed to delaying
obstructing and resisting this
nomination with everything they've got
one of my proudest moments is when I
looked at Barack Obama in the eye and I
said mr. president you will not fill the
Supreme Court vacancy there's that proud
moment and the time for endless
obstruction McConnell says must end
today this isn't just about Trump who's
upended all sorts of traditions and it's
not only about McConnell who may argue
that as party leader he's got to do
partisan stuff if the rest of the Senate
serious about protecting an independent
court those other senators have to stand
up to the partisan people in their ranks
and if Lindsey Graham was historically
accurate about one thing in his
plaintive battle cry last week it was
that yes some senators on the committee
have tried to do that and put judicial
independence above party politics but
that's changing right now consider how a
Republican who once ran this committee
orrin hatch who had said there was no
question garland should be confirmed at
the Supreme Court is now chained
in this political moment we're not going
to move or even discuss the
qualifications of any nominee until
after the presidential election goal is
delay nothing new to most of us it
should be clear now to all Americans
that Democrats are engaged in a
coordinated effort to stop judge
Cavanaugh's confirmation by any means
possible the driving objective here is
not the truth but politics you could
judge for yourself whether hatch is
being consistent he did once argue that
I mentioned that Merrick Garland's
credentials couldn't even be questioned
and that was before Obama announced that
he agreed with Orrin Hatch which
apparently made orrin hatch disagree
with himself this is 1997 to my
knowledge no one absolutely no one
disputes the following Merrick garland
is highly qualified to sit on the DC
Circuit his intelligence and his
scholarship cannot be questioned
then there's Lindsey Graham invoking
political calculus as part of the
standard for how the Senate should do
its advising consent in fact he used the
president's favorite medium to accuse
Democrats of seeking a political outcome
keep the seat open hope they win the
midterms pathetic you may notice the
hypocrisy it matches the exact McConnell
strategy for Garland that Republicans
used and the public evidence suggests
that what Graham wrote there is also
inaccurate because dr. Ford tried to
speak out before Cavanaugh was picked
not part of some Cavanaugh conspiracy
theory where the Clintons are rigging
the timing for the midterms you can
judge for yourself
just had a good meeting with judge
Garland he's honest and capable his
reputations beyond reproach
I've told him that I believe that the
the Scalia vacancy should be filled by
the next president I would never do to
them what you've done to this guy this
is the most unethical sham since I've
been in politics and if you really
wanted to know the truth you sure as
hell wouldn't have done what you've done
to this guy when you complain about
Garland it's the arsonist complaining
about the fire as far as I'm concerned
doesn't bother me one bit let me tell
you my Democratic friends if this is the
new norm you better watch out for your
nominees you better watch out for your
nominees except they already did that to
your nominees now on substance the
questions here whether new information
and Cavanaugh's responses should imperil
the nomination there's a higher standard
for judges their word is bond and
Senator Graham from the 90s thought any
kind of lying or perjury is unacceptable
for a judge I have argued to you that
when you found that a judge was a
perjurer you couldn't in good conscience
send him back in a courtroom because
everybody that came in that courtroom
thereafter would have a real serious
doubt a real serious doubt now whether
Kavanaugh is promoted or goes back to
the DC Circuit those doubts may remain
the larger risk here is not just these
tone-deaf threats of payback by warriors
on the partisan field but the prospect
of having a nominee publicly mislead the
Senate under oath showing his word is
not bond and then getting this promotion
anyway hey I'm already melba from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
