I want to go back tonight to something
scary that happened just a couple of
weeks before the presidential election
in the fall of 2016
happened in late October it happened in
New York City at LaGuardia Airport and
NBC reporter Vaughn Hilliard actually
ended up right in the middle of this
scary incident and it was kind of an
amazing night here he came right to our
studio from the airport after it
happened so here was some of our
breaking news footage on that incident
from that night as Chris and I were just
talking about there in the last hour a
plane carrying Republican vice
presidential candidate Mike Pence in
fact skidded off the runway at New
York's LaGuardia Airport now the
important bottom line here is that not
only governor pence himself but
everybody else on the plane is safe this
is what the the plane did to the tarmac
at LaGuardia as it slid off the runway I
didn't know that that happened when you
slid off a runway all the air traffic
out LaGuardia was suspended for over an
hour in the wake of this incident
joining us now is a man who was onboard
that plane and we seen his campaign
embed Vaughn Hilliard he was on the
plane when it hit slid off the runway
tonight Vaughn let me shake your hand
I'm glad you're okay thank you were you
scared no the crazy part is that this
isn't the first time well first time
we've gone off the off the runway yeah
but we've had a lot of shaky incidents
in the past where hard impact tough
landings the crazy part was originally
we had the hard impact and then we went
for about two three seconds and then
that's when we started to swerve off to
the right and then all of a sudden we
come to just a came hard crashing stop
and that's when you looked out the
window and you could see that the road
was oddly close to where the plane was
at and that road with cars on it the
road with cars yes the circle-k across
the street and that's when it became
real yes so when you say you were trying
to get tape you were filming as you were
landing is that because you were
expecting a hard landing because you've
had so many it's a joke it's a joke that
how long are we going to last you're
saying it's a it's it's become a joke
how long are we going to last you're
saying that the hard landings on the
pense campaign plane specifically are so
frequent and so notable that it's a
point of discussion among the crust the
press corps yes have you only had bad
landings in the past in hard web and
heavy weather or as we landed into Fort
Dodge Iowa earlier and we had
rough landing where we hit and we
actually came it felt like we came back
up into the air or everybody kind of
held their breath for a second you could
see the blue sky again and of course we
didn't go off the runway at that point
so that was that was the night that it
happened that was actually an hour after
it happened
Vaughn Hilliard from NBC was on the
plane as a member of the press corps
that plane went off the runway skittered
almost onto a highway they closed down
the airport after this landing Vaughn
was able to get out of there get in a
cab and come straight here to the studio
to tell us what had happened I mean what
was amazing to me in that moment
obviously we're all relieved that he and
everybody else in the plane was fine but
he instantly as soon as I asked him if
he was okay he instantly said yeah it
was scary but you know what this happens
all the time he'd been traveling on the
pence campaign plane for thee for our
coverage of the election and he said
we've been having tons of hard landings
it's been scary all along that was the
night that happened by the following day
NBC Nightly News was able to put
together a really good portrait of what
actually went wrong in that crash
landing on the tarmac today NTSB
investigators were examining the mud
covered landing gear of the charter
plane that carried governor mike pence
it was just before a p.m. on a rainy
windy night when the flight came in for
a landing
suddenly trouble the plane was too far
down the runway on board with pants NBC
news campaign embed Vaughn Hilliard as
soon as the impact happened you know
brace for impact and then we started to
go and slide off and that's when we came
to a complete halt the plane stopped
it's just 300 feet from a highway thanks
to the crushable concrete arrestor beds
like this at the end of the runway okay
so that whole thing happened October
27th so it's right before the
presidential election a couple of things
about this incident first of all the
NTSB did a full investigation and came
to a very clear and damning conclusion
as to what went wrong with that crash
landing their determination was that it
was clearly pilot error first officer so
the copilot was at the controls as they
were bringing the plane in for a landing
the error started early first they
reportedly flared the plane which means
they brought the nose of the plane up to
try to slow the plane down
they started that maneuver too early
they started at an altitude almost twice
as high as it's recommended for that
plane first officer then touched the
plane down way too far down the runway
way too close to the end of the runway
this is a 7,000 foot runway first
officer didn't put the plane down until
they'd already passed the 4,000 foot
mark the NTSB said that was way past the
point when the pilot should have
abandoned the landing pulled back up
circled the airport and come back in and
tried again they didn't do that once the
landing started to go wrong and they
didn't try to take back off and land
again there were further errors as they
tried to bring the plane to a halt
according to the NTSB the captain and
tried to take control of the airplane
from the first officer but the captain
didn't announce that that's what he or
she was doing in that moment and that
resulted in the pilot and the first
officer both simultaneously trying to
control the plane during this fouled up
landing and they were apparently giving
opposite directional inputs to the plane
they were giving opposite instructions
to the plane while it was skidding off
the end of that runway and off toward
the side and toward that active highway
they reduced the throttles to slow they
deployed the speed brakes to slow it was
it was bad and the NTSB said this was
pilot failure pilot error the charter
company for that flight later announced
that they developed some new flight crew
training to address the issues that were
identified during that NTSB
investigation so that's that's one part
of this but the other part of it is what
Vaughn Hilliard said that night and when
he came into the studio right after
getting off that plane he said yeah I
was scared but this happens all the time
he said it was a running joke dark humor
among the press corps that none of them
were gonna survive covering mike pence
because the landings were so terrible
they'd had so many hard landings and
bouncing off the runways it didn't feel
safe to anybody who was on that plane as
a consistently unsafe feeling
environment according to reporters who
were embedded with vice presidential
candidate Mike Pence well it turns out
that all happened at the end of October
the month before the month before that
crash landing at LaGuardia that same
charter company running them
Mike Pence flights for the Trump
campaign they had another trip through
the headlines in September 2016 The
Guardian newspaper reported that the
previous pilot that they'd had flying
the Mike Pence plane he was wanted on
violent felony charges this was a guy
who had been the who was the chairman of
a pro Trump law enforcement coalition in
Florida I don't know if that's why they
decided to give him the plum job of
flying Mike Pence around the country but
something about the vetting process to
become Mike Pence's pilot didn't turn up
the fact that this particular guy was
currently facing violent felony charges
for aggravated battery with a deadly
weapon in 2015 he allegedly ran over a
co-worker with his car on purpose three
times
putting the guy in the hospital and
seriously injuring him but Mike Pence
pilot pled not guilty to those charges
but it turned out there was another
similar case pending against him from
2014 in which again he was accused of
deliberately driving into another person
this time on a motorcycle those
incidents apparently including the
pending felony charges those parently
weren't a problem just didn't pop in the
vetting process when they were deciding
who should fly Mike Pence and a whole
bunch of beloved reporters around the
country and that was even before that
was the month before they found out
about that because of the press they had
to fire that guy the month before they
ended up with the crew that overshot the
runway chewed up all the asphalt shut
down LaGuardia Airport while everybody
yelled brace for impact and they hope
they didn't end up in the circle-k man I
mean whoever was running the Trump
presidential campaigns air fleet that
guy's got a lot to answer for turns out
he has landed on his feet Axios calm
first a report today that the guy who
ran the Trump presidential campaigns air
fleet is now likely to be nominated to
run the Federal Aviation Administration
in the actual US government for all of
us presumably that's only because the
guy who ran over the other guy three
times in his car isn't available maybe
he's going to be Secretary of
Transportation and this is kind of a
theme in the Trump Republican era and
there are a lot of scandals in this
presidency and is some time
hard to focus on all the themes but
Donald Trump's golf caddy is the White
House director of social media now his
longtime bodyguard was the director of
Oval Office operations there he is with
the Pope
Eric Trump's wedding planner was put in
charge of HUD for the northeastern
United States a member of the Trump
household staff at Trump Tower
her husband ran a home contracting
company called Steve's tools in motion
before he somehow ended up getting a job
at EPA region 2 headquarters in New York
this is the same president who named his
bankruptcy lawyer ambassador to Israel a
friend of his wife got a 20-6 got a
twenty six million dollar payout from
the inaugural committee that's just
slightly more than the inaugural
committee spent on the actual contractor
who actually runs the inauguration and
has done so for decades
what did Melania Trump's friend do on
top of that and for more money we don't
know so many scandals who has time to
chase something like that down there was
a lady from The Apprentice who went on
to the office of public liaison in the
White House while she worked there she
worked alongside
and drew Giuliani I wonder how he got
that job so now you know why not why not
apply the same principle to the
oversight of all American Aviation after
the White House staff secretary was
found to have served in that incredibly
sensitive job for more than a year
despite serious domestic violence
allegations against him from his
ex-wives which prevented him from
getting a full security clearance today
was the first business day that the
Trump White House was supposed to
operate under chief of staff John
Kelly's new security clearance policy
today was supposed to be the first
business day first day at work in the
Trump White House where interim security
clearances would be cancelled all access
to sensitive materials would be cut off
for anybody whose security clearance was
has been pending since before last June
without that person being able to get a
permanent clearance this clearly is the
situation that describes both the
president's daughter and his son-in-law
but apparently they are keeping their
jobs with or without security clearance
of whatever supposed policy is
supposedly now in effect - regardless of
the White House chief of staff and
regardless of any rules that we know of
that apply to this type of sensitive
material
I mean presidential daughter is not a
job from which you can be fired if
that's what you get hired to be if White
House daughter is now senior White House
official how do you so what's gonna
happen here I mean one thing we can be
proud of from this moment in American
history is that we have built something
here for future generations in the
future the textbook explanation the
textbook case studies about nepotism
about a friends-and-family approach to
governance right in the future when
there are after-school specials about
the uzbek Astana's ation of the american
government and what's wrong with that
and why it doesn't work and what could
possibly go wrong those stories will all
be crystal clear no ambiguity because of
what we're living through now and
thereby maybe future generations will
figure out how to avoid this particular
kind of mess hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
