all right let me ask you guys about the
me to movement how has it changed I've
talked to a lot of folks in Hollywood
over the last six months and I'm just
here in an overtime it's like
incremental how would you say that
things have changed in Hollywood I think
it's it's Revolutionary times about a
lot of things and that is right in there
fully supported absolutely fully so you
notice the difference just on sets yet I
don't know you know I am that crap I
wasn't around it what do y'all in films
where are you on this there's some
factors that are saying a couple things
I think you both appear didn't Woody
Allen done somebody Allen hmm
some are giving their money back some
say they'll never appear in a Woody
Allen film where are you guys on this I
mean III get that this is art its art
this line here of what's art when do you
leave somebody's politics or personality
whatever however you want to do it where
are you guys almost that's such a
complicated question I mean I believe
people when they say you know I was
assaulted or I was molested or something
like that because I don't think you
really have any other choice because if
we start not believing people it's a
slippery slope so you know that's the
hard part is why would they make it up
why would they want to put themselves
yeah that's not always fair why would
they want to label the whole thing they
say that it's very very rare that
somebody makes something like that up
but you know so you know I I would
rather you know err on that side I know
that says that made use of you would
think twice before taking another part
in a Woody Allen movie I've already done
it Woody Allen movie right you know but
we should do another know about you Jeff
now it's hard it's a difficult decision
because of Purple Rose of Cairo that
movie will always be a great experience
a great movie for me and he will always
be a great American filmmaker and I got
to work with him at the age of 30 and it
changed my life he is a fan tell of that
I think all of that and I believe Dylan
Farrow
so now I do another one with woody yeah
the difficult decision would be to turn
him down because of purple rose
throughout history there are in so many
artists that were had bad behavior
Picasso I mean my god
it's just been one after another right
and on all professions but a lot of art
and it's always been accepted more an
artists like oh they're the eccentric
alcoholic yeah because you're you well
they're artistic eccentric but obviously
there's some behavior that isn't yeah I
mean I would continue to watch Woody
Allen movies I'll tell you that you know
I would go back and watch some of those
movies I mean he's a fantastic filmmaker
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
