they're pushing back on any form of
regulation for guns any pullback on the
rights for guns there's already a lot of
corporations and companies out there
that are cutting their ties with the NRA
have you considered potentially giving
back the money that the NRA gave you in
order to make a statement that the NRA
needs to come to the table and have a
reasonable discussion about this I would
love for the NRA to come to the table
with me and I threw the the first pitch
out there to say look in alright if you
want your contribution back I think it
was $5,000 something like that if you
want your contribution back come to me
and ask for and I'll be more than happy
to give it back but that's definitely a
chance for us to sit down and have that
conversation with anybody they're not
gonna come back and ask for the money
why don't you say here have them have
your money back and let's have a
meaningful conversation
I think it's focusing on the peas and
not the steak it doesn't really have
much to do with the conversation I've
gone out there and made my stance these
are the things that I will stand for
these are the things that I will fight
for you can see that there was a
contribution there and that contribution
doesn't play a role for me doing what I
think is right that's who I am nobody is
ever gonna buy Brian mast it doesn't
matter who you are it's not going to
happen I served this country in one way
always whether I'm in Congress or
whether I was on the battlefield that's
without regard for any personal gain
that's without regard for any personal
sacrifice er Tinley don't like your
proposals I'll give you that congressman
if the White House does get back to you
we would love to hear about it please do
alert us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
