joining me now is Catherine Posada a
10th grade English teacher at Stoneman
Douglas Catherine welcome I am so sorry
for what these two weeks have brought
you thank you yeah it's been tough I
want to ask you Broward County Sheriff
Scott Israel he's facing a lot of
criticism over whether his officers
responded appropriately last week he
said deputies will carry rifles on
school grounds from this point forward
and some of them will in fact be ar-15s
you are going to be there you are now
back on campus do you feel safe I do
feel safe I do feel that they are doing
everything within their power to keep us
safe both the administration of the
school and the local law enforcement is
really stepping up I think that it'll be
difficult for some of the students to
see the guns but I think that they we
all understand that you know these are
the guns that are here to keep us safe
these are not a threat to us so I do I
do feel safe on campus you were at the
orientation yesterday and you said it
was therapeutic you're back there this
morning for a breakfast walk us through
what it's like and what are students
telling you it's it's overwhelming first
of all to walk on campus and see I mean
the first thing you see when you drive
up to campus is a sort of a makeshift
memorial with flowers and posters and
all kinds of things and that's amazing
to see and we've got all these banners
that have been sent to us from all over
the country in support of us and our
students so that's really nice seeing
the students is both difficult but it's
also it makes us all feel so much better
this is what we do we care about our
students and to go there and be able to
talk to them and hug them and cry with
them I think has been good for all of us
so it's been difficult to come back but
I think it's definitely helping all of
us it's sort of cathartic for everybody
involved
you just said local law enforcement is
doing everything in their power
which raises the question do they need
more power different power the heads of
over 150 New York City area schools
wrote a letter yesterday that was
printed in the New York Times saying
quote we implore you mr. president and
our national legislative leaders to do
everything necessary to stem this tide
of senseless gun violence the United
States of America can and must do better
now is the time to take action as
educators we believe in the United
States Constitution we also believe our
country need not choose between the
protection of responsible gun ownership
and the prevention of gun violence and
that both can be achieved through
thoughtful and forceful legislation as I
said this was printed in the New York
Times yesterday I want to say there was
a hundred and fifty five heads of
schools now over 230 have joined that in
the state of Florida has reached out do
you agree in that there's a middle
ground here and this isn't a political
issue it's a safety issue I do agree
with that I like I think most of us
support the Second Amendment and I
support people's rights to own to own a
gun for their own protection I do not
however believe that an ar-15 is
something that's used for protection
that's a Millis military style weapon
and its only purpose is to kill as many
people as possible in a short amount of
time and I don't think that any civilian
needs something like that in their home
so while if you are a responsible person
and you've taken the proper courses and
you know how to handle a weapon I have
no problem with someone having a weapon
in their home but this is not the type
of weapon anyone needs to have president
Trump is suggesting arming some teachers
some qualified teachers as a way to stop
school shooters his daughter and senior
advisor Ivanka Trump says it's not a bad
idea what are you and your colleagues
think
well I can't really speak for my
colleagues because I think we all have
you know very different opinions as most
you know large groups of people do on
this type of issue but as far as I'm
concerned I think that more guns is not
the answer my experience when the police
came in to clear my classroom was that
the first thing that they did was to
point guns at myself and my students and
they were doing it in the interest of
our safety to make sure that no one in
the room was posing a threat but if I
had had a gun in my hand at that moment
they probably would have shot me so I
don't necessarily think that that's a
good solution to to this problem I think
having the armed security guards and
people who are trained in this type of
situation would help but I don't think
teachers need to have guns in a
classroom I mean that's an extraordinary
point had they had walked in and you
were carrying gun and you would most
likely have been pointing that gun
because you feared an intruder it could
have cost you your life when they came
in that room or before they came in that
room you were teaching a regular lesson
with your English class and the class
was reading act three of Macbeth when
the shooting began how you gonna resume
what are you going to do first what's
the lesson plan ah
that's a really good question well we're
not gonna be reading with us I think
that at this point we've kind of we'll
move past that we are going to be day
one is just going to be talking there's
not gonna be any curriculum going on I
think that an important part of this
process is to come together and share
feelings and be able to you know cry
together if necessary and and talk about
things some of them I'm sure we'll not
want to talk about it maybe we'll talk
about some other things some some
happier things but curriculum is not on
our mind for the first few days of
school certainly I am going to however
try and when we do resume curriculum try
and have some sort of projects that
they'll be able to see the real world
value in and the connection with
something that they're passionate about
and I think that that's really important
at a time like
this to be able to show them that
whatever they choose to make make a
difference with and have passionate
about they can do that their actions
have an effect on what the world so I
think we're gonna work on some of the
things that although it'll show them
that well from what we've seen thus far
there are some extraordinary public
speakers in your student body if
Katherine thank you so so much
and I wish you good luck this week thank
you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
