people have been coming to Washington
for frankly too many years trying to do
something about stopping these mass
shootings and now this tragic torch is
being passed in the wake of Newtown
parents descended on the Capitol this
was back in 2013 to work with a
bipartisan group of senators
thank you mark Barden has been to the
White House more than once the first
time was after he lost his son Daniel at
Sandy Hook and he was there again this
week to meet with another president
about a national solution for mass
shootings this is my little Daniel I've
been holding up pictures of my little
Daniel since the day he was murdered at
Sandy Hook elementary school here we are
again here we are again trying to figure
out what the hell are we gonna do about
this five years I'm sick of this I'm
sick of having to figure this out these
are my other two children James and
Natalie James and Natalie are in high
school now James is a senior at Newtown
High School and little Natalie is a
sophomore and believe you when I tell
you that the laws of odds and averages
don't make us immune that this could
happen to us again this could happen to
you that's why I'm asking for your help
we need to do something and you know who
is doing something are these amazing
high school students oh my god what a
force to be reckoned with that is a no
constituency that is that is speaking up
and they are protecting their own future
they are not going to be intimidated by
corporate greed they're not going to be
bullied by money and power they want to
fix this and they're going to do it and
let's help them too
kETK I mean we are just talking kind of
in a way that reflects the experience
that we felt after I covered I was in
the room with Joe Manchin when that
happened and the conversation started
out as let's ban these assault weapons
let's limit the size of magazines let's
do all of these things and what they
came down to was the proposal to expand
background checks that then couldn't
pass the Congress can these high school
students make a difference well it
couldn't pass the Congress not just
because of Republicans right it would
also couldn't pass because of those five
Democratic senators who found themselves
in an impossible position I think
Jonathan has it it depends how long this
stays in the media and how we're going
to have this huge big March on March
24th it will be back on the front pages
then and all over our television screens
and if they can keep up a public
awareness campaign that that could start
perhaps to shift things but I fear we're
back in the territory of the tiny things
that ought to have happened that seems
so obvious or have happened so many
times after these shootings in guys make
a point is that the a lot of these
Republicans and I've said this a few
times now and I just I think people need
to keep this in mind the country is
drawn congressional seats are drawn
where a lot of people a lot of members
of Congress go home every weekend to
picnics and barbecues and political
events where their constituents are
carrying guns and they think and they
all they hear from their constituents is
okay you're gonna start here what's next
if are they gonna take my pistol next
are they gonna take away my ability to
protect my family so I think a lot of
Republicans go home in their their view
is enforced and it's informed by the
fact that their constituents in a lot of
these districts have not moved and it
makes it very difficult politically
internally for the leadership for Paul
Ryan and Kevin McCarthy to move we also
haven't seen we see these young kids
doing you know incredible you know
speeches on TV but we haven't seen that
turned into a fearsome voting force
there you know it's hard to think of an
election that was won on a gun control
message where I mean I'm talking if you
look over the last 20 years elections
have been won on a gun rights platform
but not the opposite
what did you take away I mean the one
one thing that I think was interesting
was Rick Scott and coming out and we
he's not sure hasn't announced or said
whether he's gonna run for Senate or not
but it struck me that he was crossing
the NRA on this question of how old you
should be to buy one of these guns
whether that's simply a reflection of
the fact that you know I I do not doubt
that this is gonna be a front and center
issue in any Florida statewide race come
the fall the question for me is whether
this becomes national is this going to
be a signal to you know Republicans hey
this this is a place where we should
move or is he just protected by the
president I think it all comes down to
whether people start making those phone
calls on the other side of the argument
we're saying this that this has been the
issue people have voted consistently and
called their members of Congress
consistently in favor of the Second
Amendment and gun rights we haven't ever
seen people calling and if this
translates into that movement and then
potentially you have people like Rick
Scott who feel that they want to do
things even if it's only on a statewide
level I mean Amy Walter of the cook blue
report did a really excellent piece a
couple of days ago and she pointed out
that pew have research showing that
twice as many gun owners call their
member of Congress then gun control
activists so we see a lot of this
intensity but the actual intensity is
has been historically with the gun
rights crowd and it's really important
to keep in mind
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
