so what what did you do this week like
tonight's Friday since last Friday any
significant accomplishments that you
would like to brag about we had a big
week if you are Robert Muller over the
past week just since last Friday you
have unsealed 89 new felony criminal
charges against 17 different people from
Ricky Pinedo to Alex vendors long 213
Russian nationals including a
billionaire to the last two days of
legal cannon blasts concerning Trump
campaign chair Paul Manafort and Trump
deputy campaign chair Rick gates I don't
know what what robert muller has been
doing for the past week other than
filing these 89 new felony criminal
charges against 17 people but even just
that activity of his that we can see in
public i would say that that makes this
pretty good contender for busy week when
it comes to the special counsels
investigation just today alone has been
head snapping in terms of how much
happened all at once just since
yesterday just rick gates has been
charged with 23 new felonies on top of
the 8 he was already facing he then had
his entire legal team replaced then he
got a new lawyer then he had all 31
felony charges pending against him
dropped then he pled guilty to two new
brand-new
felony charges and then he signed on to
a sweeping and sort of intimidating
cooperation agreement with the
government in which among other things
he pledges to go undercover for them if
they ask him to can Rick dates don't
undercover for anybody anymore I mean
now that he's this famous for what he
and Paul Manafort have gotten themselves
into if you have tried to follow each
new step of this as it has rolled out
even just over the past day it has been
a little hard to follow but days like
this I am very very grateful for the
very smart people who work with me on
this show and thanks to a very smart
staff here and us reading till our eyes
bled
we have read every word of what has just
happened in terms of these legal
proceedings and based on that here's
where I think we are this is the Trump
deputy campaign manager everybody talks
about him as Paul manna for its deputy
but when it comes to the Trump campaign
Rick Gates was actually there for a lot
longer than Paul Manafort was mana fort
was pushed out of the campaign in August
2016 but thereafter Rick Gates stayed he
was there for the duration of the
campaign right through election day then
in the transition he was a senior
official in the Trump transition then he
was the number two official on the Trump
inaugural committee after the
inauguration it was frequently seen at
the White House he worked at a pro Trump
outside group he also has long-standing
ties and worked recently over this
period of time at the Republican
National Committee at the National
Republican Party so yes people talk
about him as mana for its deputy and he
has had a long-standing business
relationship with Paul Manafort which
long precedes the Trump campaign which
is going to end up being very important
here but in terms of his role as a
potential witness in terms of his role
for the investigators here in terms of
what he might have seen what and who he
might have been exposed to in the in in
the time of Trump as a presidential
candidate and Trump as president Rick
Gates has actually potentially been
witness to a lot more than manna for it
ever saw he was just there for a lot
longer and for a lot of different a lot
of extra parts of this the Trump
presidential era that that manna fort
ended up missing
Rick Gates becoming a cooperating
witness I think is it a big leap forward
in terms of how much of a window the
Moller investigation is going to have in
all different phases of the Trump
candidacy and the Trump presidency now
Rick gates today pled guilty to two
felonies one of them is lying to the FBI
interestingly though this guilty plea
for lying to the FBI it's not for
something that happened a long time ago
it's for something that happened really
really recently his lie to the FBI which
he pled guilty to today which he admits
to now it was something that happened
earlier this month February 1st 2018
in a lie about a meeting a few years ago
that relates to him and Paul Manafort
lobbying for a foreign power without
being registered as sloppy inform power
now Rick Gates reportedly is had a very
hard time making this decision about
whether he would plead guilty whether he
would start cooperating with Muller's
investigation ABC news today obtained a
letter that Gates wrote to friends and
family telling them about his guilty
plea he talked about agonizing over that
decision and not wanting to do this but
when he made that false statement to the
FBI on February 1st that appears to have
started a collapse for him that same day
February 1st his three lawyers at the
time told the judge in his case that
they no longer wanted to represent him
it's a really unusual move the time we
didn't know why they suddenly wanted to
withdraw from representing Rick Gates
there since been a lot of confusion and
conflicting reporting about Gates's
legal representation the court has been
stewing over this request from his
lawyers for three weeks since they first
said they wanted to quit him now it all
seems clear that the reason all of his
lawyers sought to get rid of him sought
to withdraw from his case that day
February 1st is because that day
February 1st he told a lie to the FBI
and it is a it is an ethical imperative
in some cases in the legal profession to
withdraw if you are representing a
client who is lying and you can't do
anything about it it's also just a
terrible thing to do I mean not I'm not
talking epically or because what it says
about you as a person that you'd lie III
mean it's a terrible thing to do
strategically for your own criminal case
if you're in the middle of a plea
negotiation with prosecutors and FBI
agents and you tell them something that
is provably false in the middle of those
plea negotiations at that point they
just push back from the table and go we
sunk your battleship like that's what
they are desperately waiting for you to
do because as soon as you provably lie
to them in a plea negotiation they've
got you once you lie to them you lose
immunity from prosecution for everything
else you've already told them over the
course of your negotiations lying during
a plea negotiation is a terrible move
if Rick Gates didn't realize what a bad
move that was Robert molars prosecutors
decided to make that crystal clear to
him yesterday when they indicted him for
23 new felony charges on top of the ones
he was already facing yesterday they hit
him with more new felonies than they
even threw at Paul Manafort and that
blast seems to have done the trick now
gates is pleading guilty to that
incident of lying to the FBI and also to
a broader conspiracy charge conspiracy
to defraud the United States for that
charge they appear to have looked
together and to have combined a whole
bunch of other allegations he was facing
from his earlier indictments
but again the previous indictments now
basically disappear the government is
not going to proceed with the 31
felonies it was charging him with as of
this morning instead he's gonna plead
guilty to this one conspiracy charge and
this one lying charge and in so doing he
also signs a cooperation agreement that
looks like a nightmare scenario not only
for him particularly if he was having a
hard time deciding whether or not he was
going to do this but the cooperation
agreement he just signed is probably a
nightmare scenario for a number of other
people as well I don't know if you've
seen the actual documents here this is
from the plea offer which we all got
access to today this was filed openly
with the court today and the plea
agreement is written in the form of a
letter to the guy who is now Rick gates
his lawyer it says quote subsection 8
cooperation your client shall cooperate
fully truthfully completely and
forthrightly with this office and other
law enforcement authorities identified
by this office in any and all matters as
to which this office deems cooperation
relevant this cooperation will include
but is not limited to the following him
the defendant Rick gates agrees to be
fully debriefed and to attend all
meetings at which his presence is
requested concerning his participation
in and knowledge of all criminal
activities the defendant also agrees to
furnish to the office special counsels
office all documents and other material
that may be relevant to the
investigation
and that are in the defendants
possession or control the defendant also
agrees to participate in undercover
activities pursuant to the specific
instructions of law enforcement agents
or this office the defendant also agrees
to testify at any proceedings in the
District of Columbia or L or elsewhere
as requested by this office
your client acknowledges and understands
that during the course of the
cooperation outlined in this agreement
your client will be interviewed by law
enforcement agents and/or government
attorneys your client waives any right
to have counsel present during these
interviews and agrees to meet with law
enforcement agents and government
attorneys I said outside the presence of
counsel your client shall also testify
fully completely and truthfully before
any and all grand juries in the District
of Columbia and elsewhere and at any and
all trials of cases or other court
proceedings in the District of Columbia
and elsewhere at which your clients
testimony may be deemed relevant by the
government oh this is very this is a
very thorough agreement to cooperate
testified a grand jury testify at trial
show up whenever we need you go
undercover and give us everything you've
got and be here every single time we
want to talk to you if he fails to live
up to this very fulsome cooperation
agreement whether or not they they ever
decide to bring any other charges
against him just this plea agreement
that he signed today gives Moeller's
office tons of leverage over rick gates
just what he's pleading guilty to today
affords a maximum prison sentence of ten
years in prison
even under the sentencing guidelines
that account for him like not having a
previous criminal record and all the
rest the filings today make clear that
under the sentencing guidelines these
two charges he pled guilty today yeah
there's a maximum prison term of 10
years but realistically they've been
looking to put him in prison for
somewhere between four and a half to six
years and there's no federal parole
they're saying that's realistic time
that's what he could realistically be
looking at serving now they don't have
to put him in jail for four and a half
to six years for these two things that
he pled guilty to today the court of
course could decide
give him nothing or just probation all
depending on how well he cooperates with
Robert Muller if he does what they want
the court may very well say Rick you're
free to go but if he blows it or if he
holds anything back from them or if he
lies to them or if he refuses to testify
refuses to hand something over boom done
with nothing else filed he would be
going to prison right away for let's
start with four and a half years for
context here in in in in contrast the
cooperation agreement that Muller did
with Mike Flynn that puts Mike Flynn's
jail risk at zero to six months what's
hanging over Rick Gates right now is
multiple years starting right away and
he's already signed for it
so this cooperation deal that he's
signed today these these two charges
that he pled guilty to this has been put
together as a very serious package for
Trump's deputy campaign manager and it
therefore puts a huge spotlight on what
gates could possibly give Muller for his
ongoing investigation and here's the
part of it that I think is really
important and I will just say so much of
this is happening so fast
that I'm not sure this really important
part of it has sunk in yet
but after marinating in these legal
filings and all this reporting today in
my opinion I think this is the most
important piece in yesterday's
indictment of man affording gates
special counsel's office spelled out in
intense detail a two-part scheme by man
affording gates part one we already knew
about from the first time they got
indicted back in October part one was
the older stuff from 2006 to 2015
before the Trump presidential campaign
phase one mana fort and gates were
raking in tens of millions of dollars
working for pro-putin interests overseas
special counsels office says they
illegally hid that money offshore they
disguised its origins through a complex
money-laundering scheme they evaded
taxes on that money those are all the
charges associated with what Moeller's
office calls phase one what was new in
yesterday's indictment about mana Fortin
Gates was phase two of their scheme
which you can think of as the Donald
Trump for president time
the second part of their scheme
according to Mulder's indictment started
in 2015 and ran until quote at least
January 2017 which was of course the
inauguration in yesterday's indictment
that second part of the scheme 2015 to
2017 that's a time when mana Fortin
gates have stopped raking in millions of
dollars from their work for pro-putin
interests overseas and instead according
to the indictment they are engaged here
in a mad scramble to get their hands on
cash a lot of cash millions of dollars
in cash in a very short period of time
in late 2015 and early 2016 right up to
the point where mana fort and gates join
the Trump campaign they weren't trying
to earn new business for their company
at least not that we know of from this
indictment what they were trying to do
the way they were trying to get money is
they were trying to use the assets that
mana fort had chiefly they were trying
to use real estate assets that mana fort
already had in this country to try to
extract cash from those assets they were
going to bank after bank after bank
putting up mana forts various houses and
apartments as collateral to try to get
cash to try to get multi-million dollar
loans why did he need all that cash
I don't know but according to the
indictment they were trying to get lots
of loans from lots of different banks
simultaneously and according to the
indictment they were breaking the law in
their desperation to do it they were
falsifying documents from mana forts
business to make it look like he had
more money than he had they were
inventing fake invoices to make it look
like they had more money coming in that
they didn't have coming in they were
doctoring documents that the the
bookkeeper from mana forts company was
turning them down for some of the stuff
they were trying to get the bookkeeper
to do and they started faking these
documents themselves the details of that
mad scramble for cash that was the basis
for all the new bank fraud and bank
fraud conspiracy felony charges that
mana Fortin gates got hit with yesterday
and that apparently pushed gates to
plead guilty and snow mana for it is now
facing all those charges alone because
Gates has decided to save himself and
flip in exchange for most of those
charges against him being dropped
still though in terms of the overall
plot here not just thinking about their
legal liability but like how does this
fit into what we know about what
happened to our country we don't know
why Paul Manafort was in such a mad
scramble for cash in late 2015 and early
2016 but here's something too to re-up
to reread in light of current
developments from last summer July 2017
quote financial records from the
secretive tax haven of Cyprus where Paul
Manafort kept bank accounts during his
years working in Ukraine and investing
with a Russian oligarch indicate that
manna fort had been in debt to
pro-russia interests for as much as
seventeen million dollars before he
joined Donald Trump's presidential
campaign in March 2016 remember when all
that stuff broke about him being in debt
in a really heavy debt right up until
the time he joined Trump's campaign I
mean up close in the moment this looked
like a very complicated story right
nobody just has bank accounts in Cyprus
in their own name it's all shell
companies associated with shell
companies associated with blah blah blah
but but disentangling it what it looks
like from those bank records is that
right up until the time manna fort
joined to the Trump campaign right up
through that time when he's having that
inexplicable mad scramble to try to get
his hands on millions of dollars in cash
he was in debt to Russian interests to
the tune of about 17 million including
7.8 million dollars that he owed to a
charming fellow named Oleg Deripaska
Oleg Deripaska Russian oligarch known to
be very close to Putin he has been
denied a visa to visit the United States
because of what the US government
believes to be his links to organized
crime
right before manna fort joined Trump's
campaign Manafort was in hock to this
guy for nearly eight million dollars now
part of this scheme that was described
in yesterday's indictment is that
sometimes manna fort and gates would
call something alone when it was really
just money that was being paid to them
and that was part of their tax evasion
scheme in this case with Oleg Deripaska
and this 8 million bucks it really looks
like that wasn't disguised payment it
really looks like that was
alone at least it really looks like Oleg
Deripaska expected to get that money
back from Paul Manafort and Rick Gates
and we can tell that because he tried
really hard to get it back in 2014 Oleg
Deripaska this sort of terrifying
Russian oligarch he sued manna Fortin
gates in the cayman islands to try to
get back millions of dollars that he
says they stole from him
they were all supposed to be investing
in something together but he says manna
fort and gates just ran off with
millions of dollars of his money in
August 2015
Deripaska moved that lawsuit effectively
from the Cayman Islands to the US to
Virginia he was really going after manna
Fortin Gates for millions of dollars
that he says they stole from him and
they needed to pay back again August
2015 he moves that case to Virginia once
that case gets moved to the United
States they end up you know deposing
Paul manna Fortin rick gates in that
case as Deripaska is coming after them
now Deripaska himself isn't allowed to
come to the u.s. because of those
organized crime ties but he is a
billionaire and very close to the
russian government and he does have
people working for him all over the
place including people talking to the
press about this case that he's pressing
against manna fort and gates but then
mana fort and gates sign on to become
chairman and deputy chairman of the
Donald Trump for president campaign and
all of a sudden again the pressure just
seems to go away quote early in the
presidential campaign Deripaska
representatives openly accused mana fort
of fraud and pledged to recover the
money from him after Trump earned the
nomination though Deripaska x'
representatives said they would no
longer discuss the case and you know
what we also now know that something was
going on during the Trump campaign while
men important gates were chairman and
deputy chairman something was going on
between them and Deripaska during the
campaign while they were running the
campaign quote on the evening of April
11 2016 2 weeks after Trump hired Paul
Manafort to lead his campaign Manafort
emailed his old lieutenant konstantin
clinic who had worked for him for a
decade in ukraine Manta fort wrote
quotes I assume you have shown our
friends my media coverage Kalume Nick
responded a few hours later from Kiev
absolutely every article mana fort then
asked how do we use to get whole has ovb
operation seen OPD Oleg vladimirovitch
Deripaska quote less than two weeks
before Donald Trump accepted the
presidential nomination his campaign
chairman Paul Manafort offered to
provide briefings on the race to a
Russian billionaire closely aligned with
the Kremlin Paul Manafort made the offer
in an email to an overseas intermediary
again konstantin Kalume mnek asking that
a message be sent to Oleg Deripaska an
aluminum magnate with whom anna fort had
done business in the past manna fort
wrote in the July 7 2016 a mail quote if
he needs private briefings we can't
accommodate quote on July 29th a week
after Trump accepted the Republican
nomination manna fort received another
email from Konstantin Kalume neck
talking about what appeared to be a
meeting he'd held with Oleg Deripaska
quote we spent about five hours talking
I have several important messages from
him to you he asked me to go and brief
you on our conversation it has to do
about the future of his country and is
quite interesting let me know what dates
and places will work even next week I
could come and see you
Manta forts response was vote Tuesday is
best and then August 2nd was indeed the
next Tuesday and Konstantin columbic
came over from Ukraine to deliver his
important messages to the man who was
then running the Trump campaign for
president and they met over over a long
meeting at the the grand havana club in
New York City so according to bank
records Paul Manafort owed this Russian
guy nearly 8 million bucks and this
Russian guy was really coming after him
for it and simultaneously for some
reason Paul Manafort at the time was
really scrambling to do anything he
could to get his hands on millions of
dollars in cash and this is right up
until the point where he joins the Trump
campaign he then joined the Trump
campaign the pressure eases off a little
bit in terms of this guy coming after
him for the money and he starts
communicating with this guy who he owed
the millions of dollars to can we use my
position on the
I'm paid to get whole can I offer him a
private briefing he accepts meetings get
important messages from this guy about
the future of his country his country is
Russia
a month after mana fort reportedly met
with Constantine Clinic in New York to
get these important messages from Oleg
Deripaska this Russian oligarch we now
know from the indictment of lawyer alex
van der Swan that Rick Gates referred
Alex vanderzwaan
to that same guy who was meeting with
man afford to bring him the messages
from Oleg Deripaska in the indictment of
Alex vanderzwaan we learned that one of
the things he lied to the FBI about was
his communication with Rick gates Rick
gates in September 2016 sent vanderzwaan
documents with an encrypted app and he
put him in touch with konstantin clinic
vanderzwaan and clinic then had a
conversation in Russia about payments
that were just the tip of the iceberg
and about potential legal liability for
paula mana for Rick gates was connected
to the mad and illegal scramble for cash
right before manna Fortin gates joined
the Trump campaign he was part of the
initial deals that incurred that debt
from Deripaska he was in communication
with Konstantin Kalume mnek who was
managing communications between mana
fort and Deripaska while mana fort was
running trump's campaign that was all
happening during the Trump campaign
where they were the top two officials
running it mana fort seems to have been
trying to trade on his influence in the
Trump campaign to get whole with Oleg
Deripaska back in Russia there have been
a lot of forgive me a lot of dumb hot
takes on there Rick Gates guilty plea
today about how that's Oh too bad Furyk
gates are too bad for Paul Manafort
about how this is only about the
financial crimes and their business life
back in the day nothing to do with Trump
campaign though whatever Rick Gates is
going to tell the Moller investigation
about whatever he's just traded 31
felony counts for it's not about hiding
money offshore and buying antique rugs
in Alexandria clearly the Moller
investigation has proven they've got all
they need to bring
multiple felony count prosecutions about
that stuff what gates was in a front row
seat to see what he was part of with a
better vantage point than almost anybody
else on earth was the central question
of what was actually going on between
the Trump campaign and Russia and now
he's Muller's star cooperating witness
like I said what did you get done in the
past week that's what Muller did we'll
be right back hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
