the terms my guess is if the Democrats
take the house all these memos will be
subpoenaed to what effect well takes
two-thirds to impeach a judge well but
but it's important to have the
transparency and to find out exactly
what happened
cows out of the barn milk spilt they got
a Supreme Court judge right in the
middle for the rest of his life as I
said in worst case narrow maybe I'm
reporting by the FBI is reporting and
the FBI could be wrapping up as tonight
today senator Mitch McConnell indicated
will not be made public in other words
this reports coming out at midnight but
nobody's going to get to see it except
100 senators see that's they secret good
we'll get an FBI report soon it'll be
made available to each senator and only
senators will be allowed to look at it
that's the way these reports are always
handled
it shouldn't take long they'll read it
as quickly as they can and but that'll
not be used as another reason for delay
I can tell you that does anybody know
how they deliver this little package of
joy I mean they deliver the message to
the each Center most centers rely on
staff they're not like House members
they were lanced if they've got an
executive assistant they've got a chief
of staff they got all kinds of community
cases people and they sit down with
their peeps and they figure something
rip it up put it in the burner Chuck you
really believed it's the Democrat or the
Republican leader thinks that he can
keep this he can sequester this document
with a hundred senators looking at it
seems unlikely Chris but on the other
hand that is the protocol you don't
release these things publicly at least
the FBI does not the FBI treats it
confidentially if the Senators can't do
that then shame on them
suppose the report comes out mr. Chad
Chad Ludington says he drank too much he
was a real heavy drinker on the other
hand Chris Dudley says he never saw him
drink too much
the those that counts both show up in
the report and they leave it to the
senator to say when they believe Dudley
or Ludington what the FBI will do is
interview whoever they interview and
write up a report of the interview
they're not going to conclude that one's
telling the truth and the other is not
they're going to simply say here you go
Chris this is what they said they do
they say that we don't put in in our
reports of interview what we think we
put in what we are told well how about a
person gives inconsistent testimony and
doesn't seem wobbly you say that knobbly
testimony that's gonna be coherent no he
said X and then seven minutes later in
the interview he said why Cynthia's
right you don't care okay I said your
report no but I asked him whether Bartow
Cabot a cabin oo was Brett Kavanaugh or
not and he said no you were actually
typed that up as a serious response yep
did anybody see maverick it was Bret and
Bart maverick I think I know where he
got the idea anyway meanwhile the fate
of Judge Cavanaugh is confirmation most
likely comes down to a few undecided
senators let's listen to what some of
these key people have to say today the
FBI is doing its investigation we need
them to do their investigation and what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna wait to see
what comes back
if it turns out Cavanaugh lying about
finishes everything I was very troubled
by the the tone of the of the remarks
the interaction with the members was
sharp and partisan and that concerns me
and I tell myself you'd give a little
leeway because of what he's been through
but on the other hand we can't have this
on the court we simply can't well as we
used to say in Philly the big five gene
and the big five of these Republicans a
three Republican said to Democrats
that's the big fart that we know of I
mean and you know there are other
Republican senators who haven't had a
lot to say about this nomination all
along one presumes their unique workers
in play inside the fold I have no reason
to believe that he is it's just that you
hadn't talked a whole lot Tim Scott
hasn't talking why they wouldn't show
any more capital hasn't talked a lot see
we're holding arms mm-hmm she went the
whole time so you know one assumes well
you have to assume they're you know
inside the tent unless they're not right
and we don't know and there's more than
two Republican women by there's capital
and there's dead fit anyway Thank You
Cynthia Eckstein Chuck Rosenberg thanks
for your expertise it's great to have
you it's the sultry by the way we - tell
me it's the salty nose I'm not confident
buck this president because they don't
want they don't they don't have to
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
