guilty for the first time a top Trump
campaign aide is pleading guilty in the
Malheur probe now this is not an advisor
this is not a volunteer this is a man
who was entrusted to help run Donald
Trump's campaign you can see him there
leaving federal court that was today
after pleading guilty to conspiracy and
making a false statement former deputy
campaign chairman Rick Gates not only
pleading to those charges but also
admitting to a whole lot more and
legally that's very important what I'm
about to report here are activities that
as of today brand new breaking news
gates admits to and that means he can
testify about them against other people
in the material here it's what's called
overt acts Muller getting gates today to
admit to secret foreign lobbying
potentially illegal mortgage schemes and
helping Paul Manafort cheat on avoiding
his taxes not good now that's big news
tonight as well as Muller putting new
heat on Paul manna 14 completely
separate charges this was breaking just
moments ago mana Ford hit with these new
charges which include lying to federal
investigators even after Donald Trump
took office I have more on that in a
moment now both these stories are linked
of course because these men were
partners both in business and in Trump
land gates also admitting to hiding
Florin lobbying with Paul Manafort for a
key ally of Putin in Ukraine tonight's
charges also show how aggressively Bob
Muller is going after anyone who lies
any time he got gates to plead guilty to
lying to investigators after he was
indicted if that sounds weird unusual or
just plain stupid well it's all of those
things and we have a special report with
the prosecutor on that later this hour
now here is why all of this is so bad
for Paul Manafort he is in a sense the
last one standing but with a lot coming
at him
gates agreeing tonight to cooperate
wholly to turn over all documents and
potentially to testify in court that
means basically to testify we believe
against Paul Manafort now Muller already
had a ton of evidence on manna fort
what's different tonight he now has
cooperating man affords alleged
co-conspirator I am joined by former
federal prosecutor Joyce Vance
well as bill kristol founder at a large
of the weekly standard and a lot more
guests in this segment and ahead but I
wanted to bring with you begin with you
all Joyce you look at what's happening
here you look at what is basically two
breaking stories for us
gates pleading which is very significant
given his senior role in the campaign
and new charges against mana for what
does it tell you it tells you that
Muller has a very decided game plan that
he has amassed a lot of information and
that as he begins to acquire new
co-operators he's able to very quickly
marshal their information and put it to
use but it also tells us that Muller is
staunchly defending the institution that
he loves and has spent so much of his
life working on behalf of the Justice
Department and the FBI going to lengths
to include in this plea bargain for
gates the requirement that he plead
guilty to lying to the FBI during his
proffer session that shouldn't really be
a shot across the bow for anybody else
who's lied to the FBI during this
investigation Muller's letting them know
he will hold them accountable
yeah and that's truly remarkable we're
gonna continue to dig into that when you
think about basically a new crime that
occurred there and bill as a legal
reporter I often talk about both sides
of the case this is one of those nights
with regard to Rick gates where there is
no other side left he is confessing
admitting pleading to conspiracy against
the United States pleading to lying to
Muller and the FBI and adding these
other things that he's willing to do now
Paul Manafort says notwithstanding
Gates's plea today I continue to
maintain my innocence this does not
alter my commitment to defend myself
against the untrue piled up charges bill
as I say two sides of the story for man
afford cuz he is a presumed innocent in
the eyes of the law but there's
overwhelming evidence rick gates one
side of the story how do you view the
pressure mounting on mana for tonight
well as you say it the pressure is
mounting but i was trying to think about
it what it's not what i'm thinking and I
think what Donald Trump is thinking is
this is getting awfully close and I've
got to think that in terms of either
moving against Muller through Rosenstein
or somehow trying to curve the invest
on the one hand or pardons on the other
hand I wonder if we're getting close to
an inflection point I think Kushner is
the key now I suspect I suspect that
Muller wanted to send the signal to
Kirchner who I think he's only spent an
hour or two with Malin I'm not mistaken
that if and when he chooses its call to
testify that line will be taken
seriously I'd be pretty surprised if
Krishna's lawyer lets him testify maybe
he'll take the fifth at that point you
can imagine Donald Trump saying this is
a witch-hunt they're going after my
family they're a bunch of perjury traps
here it's not rush of collusion anyway
it's financial stuff which was always a
right member Trump said months ago that
that was the red line so I maybe I'm
wrong maybe this will just play out
maybe Trump will passively watch it and
gripe about it and tweet occasionally
about it
but I wonder how much he's he's a you
know he's a tough he's tough when he's
cornered in his own way he has a certain
kind of cunning I got to think he's not
just passively gonna accept this and
watch this on you know unspool I think
he may act you think that Donald Trump
is worried about what Paul man afforded
Mike Flynn know about him yes
yeah choice he's also has to be worried
about what manna fort and gates can
jointly testify to about others close to
him does this you know did they have the
nail in the coffin for Don jr. or
Kushner assuming that Muller doesn't
already have it and who else in his
inner circle can they talk about because
remember they were both involved during
the convention when there was the
weakening of the Republican position
against Russia that was that first time
that we saw it and and they may know
more details about who was involved and
what of what was traded for that change
in the Republican platform
you make a great point there and it
echoes and what we see today Donald
Trump today was fending off criticism of
Jared Kushner saying oh well he's not
paid well Paul Manafort wasn't paid
there is a huge problem legally and
otherwise with people who both are
unpaid but have debts because they have
conflicts I want you both to stay with
me before I bring in the next experts
and this is a show I have to say
journalistically I'm very excited about
all the experts we have but let's look
at who Rick Gates was as a member of the
Trump campaign he was there you can see
it on the stage at the RNC convention
right there with Donald Trump and they
were on a first-name basis come on up
Rick we have
a group of people that really wants to
win and I think knows how to win mana
for brought gates in and a Trump advisor
who remains at his side in the White
House who you will recognize touting him
here as part of Trump score for Trump
Tower today the core for Manafort in
gates who have been on for a while
Bannon and myself we met on any number
of issues Paul Manafort the chairman and
Rick gates if deputy have done a
phenomenal job in building out this
campaign over the last maybe five or six
months
we brought now to our core for MSNBC
political analyst Rick Stengel who was
also Undersecretary of State in the
Obama administration David Robb cop
afina a senior fellow I should say at
John Hopkins and a Clinton veteran along
with a Joyce and Bill stay with us David
I'm sure you're excited to be a part of
the for what are you thinking when you
look at all of this and if anyone at
home is saying oh Rick Gates was not the
most flamboyant or he didn't do as much
TV as Kellyanne Conway and yet as we
just showed
if you don't know rick gates at home
that's fine you know who did know him
Donald Trump well I'm saying two things
first of all I think this has been a
week in which we've seen Muller really
flex his muscles when gates struggled a
little bit Muller said okay we're going
in now we're gonna up the ante and I'm
gonna lay a bunch of these new
indictments on the table he's laid a new
indictment on the table with mana 424
struggles a little bit he sent a message
to lawyers that if the lawyers don't
tell the truth he sent a message to
gates that if he didn't tell the truth
during the plea bargaining session he's
going to go after them but the other
thing that strikes me is this is this
week last week it was 13 people talking
about the the Russian troll Factory in
st. Petersburg we haven't even had the
conversation yet on the Russian hacking
of the election right we haven't seen
Roger stone yet we haven't seen the
people involved in the collusion yet
George papadopolis pleaded guilty he has
nothing to do with manna fort and gates
in this particular story so if I'm
Donald Trump I don't just see one
superhighway leading at me I'm at the
center
around about their six or seven or eight
roads I'm in the center of all of them
and and and Muller's messages I'm coming
I'm coming with both guns blazing and I
am going to use every tool available to
me to ensure that when I get to you your
dot Wow
and and you know Rick Stengel a David
Rothkopf saying this is just this week
earlier this week was a lawyer for these
gentlemen last week was the Russians I'm
reminded of David Bowie who famously
said this Thursday is just as important
as last Thursday which which is almost a
spiritual level but David makes the
point that at the legal level of the
heat Muller is not done and next week
could bring more surprises so I'm a
little mystified about the focus on
Manafort and what I'm gonna do is commit
some geopolitics here alright and and
put it in a very larger context because
what manna fort represents is a
connection to the Lattimer
because manna fort and gates work for
Viktor Yanukovych who was the president
of Ukraine
what did victory you know I can acaba to
start he started the great revolt in
Ukraine against Russia and the Euro
Maidan why because he wanted a veto
legislation that would have put Ukraine
in the EU market as opposed to what
Russia wanted to go into a Russian
market Viktor Yanukovych was a pawn of
the Russians his closest advisor was
Paul Manafort and Rick Gates so let me
let me have you build on that point and
reading from again this brand new
material we got because you're digging
in deeper to why this is so important
I'm reading now from what Gates pled to
not a debate but what he said he did
directing these companies to lobby
members of Congress about the quote
propriety of the Anna Kovich as you
mentioned the Putin guy you just
mentioned imprisoning his rival yes I
mean this is it's it's sinister because
what this really is is fake news which
is that consultants are paying so-called
statesmen European Statesman's to take
the line on television shows like this
supporting Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine
I mean it's utterly corrupt and so I
putting more dots on the screen you sort
of connect the dots
you have Putin onic with with a kind of
puppeteer master of Paul Manafort really
through his connection to Viktor
Yuschenko so David take that point out
David and then Joyce how that works if
another theory of the case if Miller's
not done is investigating and probing
whether Maul Paul Manafort was working
for free for Trump but getting paid by
somebody else to ultimately try to bend
Trump campaign or ultimately US policy
towards that foreign bidder and does
that create other problems David and
then and enjoys well I think does create
other problems that creates potentially
other problems for for Manta for it and
those around metaphor it and it speaks
to the point that Muller is allowed to
go and explore any crimes that he
encounters in search of this core crime
which has to do with the Russians but I
think going back to Rick's very good
point
this investigation is at its core about
a big time war that Vladimir Putin is
waging against Western democracy right
and he was waging it in Ukraine and he's
waging it in Europe he's involved
himself in other campaigns whether it's
in France or in Austria or the campaign
involved with brexit or perhaps now in
Italy and what he looks for is people
that he can have leverage over and
people with financial problems like men
afford people without values like men
afford potentially like Jared Kushner
potentially like Donald Trump people
where he has some leverage and he's
trying to use that leverage now at the
end of the day the Trump people may say
what we were just dukes we were just
being used but of course Donald Trump
was running to be President of the
United States the people around him
should know better right and they
essentially put themselves in a position
to be used and all this other stuff that
they do about ethics where they say
you're not going to see our tax returns
you're not going to see who we're doing
business with we're gonna keep doing
business with some of those people open
them up further right this kind of black
will let's let's take your point and
pass it over to Joyce Vance to bring it
home as I know Joyce is so good at doing
intellectually because Joyce David just
committed to a phrase quote people
without values and that itself is a
value judge
walk us through the difference between
that which is people in both parties by
the way who've done some very unsavory
things on behalf of Putin's allies for
money or other reasons people without
values and what Muller has to look at
which is not just what someone might see
as a values deficit but whether they
lied in their foreign lobbying or
whether they laundered money or whether
they promised a quid pro quo for
something regarding US government action
or sanctions how does you take David's
the category and apply it to what
Miller's doing Muller can only prosecute
people for committing federal crimes he
has to have evidence to prove every
element of those crimes he won't be
prosecuting people for having bad
character he won't be going on a witch
hunt and so it's a very specified
process the interesting thing Ari as you
know is that federal prosecutors love to
talk about Muller rolling up the chain
going from the bottom of the operation
up to the top I think we're going to
have to replace that metaphor with the
idea that Muller instead is throwing a
net and he's casting that net very
broadly over everyone who has evidence
about criminal conduct that involved
collusion in this election we may not
see how some of these outlying pieces
come together just yet I think we know a
little bit more today than we knew a
week ago but ultimately this is all
going to be part of that same massive
effort by Moeller to help the American
people understand what happened in the
election and then what of it is criminal
what can be prosecuted as opposed to
what's just merely poor character it's
really fascinating you say that because
so much of this as you mentioned
involves a hierarchical model and that
certainly applies to major crime
organizations or large companies and
Muller has experience in that but as you
say a net or a networked approach might
make a lot more sense here particularly
given how many weird and strange and
even unpaid people we're circling the
periphery of this campaign but seem to
get involved in some very big operations
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
