Lucas Republican Senator Pat Roberts
said he supports a push for stronger
background checks and age restrictions
for buying ar-15s Republican Senator
Jeff Flake also voiced his support for
the measure tweeting on Wednesday a kid
too young to buy a handgun should be too
young to buy an ar-15 flake and
Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein
Stein are working together on a
bipartisan bill that would increase the
minimum age to buy certain types of
rifles and a number of Republicans
including Lamar Alexander and Marco
Rubio said they would support a Trump
backed bill that would strengthen the
FBI's background check system but the
real changes may need to come from the
states and today we expect Florida
Governor Rick Scott and Republican
lawmakers in that state's legislature to
propose changes to Florida's gun laws
the package is expected to include
raising the age from 18 to 21 to buy
semi-automatic weapons and high-capacity
magazines meanwhile the Democratic
governors of Connecticut New Jersey New
York and Rhode Island announced
yesterday that they have formed a
coalition states for gun safety to work
together to address the scourge of
illegal guns and share law enforcement
efforts the partnership would allow
states to share data on suspects and gun
registries and to create new gun
violence research to fill what they call
a vacuum of federal action and Oregon's
lawmakers passed a bill yesterday
banning anyone with a domestic violence
or stalking conviction from owning a
firearm the bill closed a 2015 loophole
that allowed abusers who weren't living
with married to or have children with
their victim to own a gun the bill now
heads to the desk of Governor Kate brown
who lobbied for the bill and Governor
Brown joins us now along with governor
john hickenlooper of colorado thanks to
you both for being on so this is there's
a great segment we're excited to have
you guys here and I just I want to speak
to camera really quickly but and set
this up again what we've been saying all
week is you're gonna hear from the NRA
and gun manufacturers that every
American has a right to carry around an
ar-15
the Supreme Court of the United States
says every American has the right to
have a handgun or perhaps a shotgun in
their home to protect themselves but
Scalia inhale and Heller in 2008 went no
further than that and the court has
denied one case after another case after
another case that is limited the right
to get ar-15s and other assault-style
weapons expanded background checks and
the type of things that Connecticut did
in other states have done so now I can
turn to you and say that because there
is so much to know there you actually
have respectable people that are saying
oh I have a second Amendment right to
own an ar-15
to buy it when I'm 18 years old that's
just not in the Constitution which is
exactly why doing this on the state
level like you guys are doing right now
in Colorado this really is the future
and the Supreme Court this week again
has sent a message to States as long as
you let people have handguns in their
home to protect themselves go to it
there are limitations of the Second
Amendment you can protect the people in
your state so what you see fit look in
my state in Oregon we've worked really
hard to move forward on common-sense gun
legislation since I became governor
we've closed the domestic violence
loophole we have moved forward what we
call the extreme Rick's protection
orders allowing courts to take away guns
from folks who are at risk of hurting
themselves or a danger to others and
then we also passed legislation to
create a comprehensive background check
legislation we're moving forward on
every single tool that we have I think
it's important that Congress act now
this is absolutely president Trump's
Nixon go to China moment he needs to
take action we must move forward and
protect our students in schools to
protect our communities our churches our
synagogues what is happening right now
across this country is insanity
yeah you guys governor can do it on the
state level though as well you don't
have to wait for Congress you can move
forward
all of these proposals were talking
about sure but it does take a toll and
we did the universal background checks
back in 2014 and then the NRA swooped in
and recalled two Democratic senators in
our state General Assembly there's a
whole balancing issue even or in states
where you've got to get the politics
right around the policy and I think
we're getting there and I mean how many
tragedies does it take to get there and
how do you make sure that what happened
in in in Broward County doesn't happen
in your States how how do you make sure
that law enforcement officers has
happened in our state's that's why we
are fighting to take action and we have
moved forward on common-sense
legislation I showed up at Umpqua
Community College within a handful of
hours after the horrible Trude shooting
that happened there we move forward on
legislation we are moving forward on the
research that we need but we cannot do
this alone it's absolutely imperative
that Congress take action I believe I
mean talk about insanity doing the same
thing over and over again and expecting
a different result that we allow 18
year-olds to buy assault rifle weapons
are you kidding me that we allow anybody
to own these weapons in the unite us
with an age limit do why do we even
absolutely and again I'm not giving
excuses to the cop that didn't go in and
we don't know the rest of the story but
what's a pistol gonna do when you're up
against yeah nothing in the first 40
days of this year we've had three deputy
sheriff's in three different parts of
the state three separate incidents were
killed in the line of duty so I mean
that and that's just yet when you have
one of your first responders die it's
it's a tragedy for your state three and
forty days and at least in one case it
may be in two cases their body armor was
penetrated because these assault weapons
it's military-grade Hardware rights
military-grade weapons they don't belong
in the hands of you know people that
have psychological issues anybody really
anybody
the thing again Republicans have always
but my former party always talked about
supporting law enforcement and liberals
were tough on law enforcement liberals
were tough on the FBI liberals destroyed
the CIA liberals destroyed you name it
and yet now you have the one law
enforcement officer after another law
enforcement officer saying we can't
compete with people who are carrying
around who are you know collecting
military-style
arsenals so look I have to tell you the
reason why I fought for three years to
close the intimate partner loophole we
had an incidence in my state in Oregon a
woman was killed by her estranged
husband Kate Armand and the first Oregon
State Trooper that showed up was shot 12
times I saw him in the hospital about a
month later he miraculously survived we
have a culture of violence it must end
guns are an issue in domestic violence
cases a lot we've had 66 domestic
violence deaths in Oregon in the last
two years half of those were due to gun
related incidences spouse or an intimate
partner we have a culture of violence
this must end now Congress must take
action if the kids can't get them to do
it I don't know who can by the way let
me let me just again a stay to nothing
for my viewers that they may not know
that I wouldn't have known until I went
out to your state's campaigning for
Republicans back in the day you all both
live in obviously western states but
that there are also rural you have a lot
of rural areas a lot of a lot of gun
honors this is this is you know not like
you know it's not like Martha's Vineyard
you have a ton of go
I'm just saying there for people
watching out for you all to be saying
this it's not like you're right anti-gun
anti-gun but happy but one of the keys I
think is that we have to open up the
lines of communication and the rift
between urban and rural right now which
we saw in 2016 part of this is not to
try and jam our our ideas down the
throats of the rural parts of America
part of is to open up the dialogue and
when you begin to lose and see deputy
sheriff's generally or more rural that I
mean that's where our rural first
responders are kind of yeah their
strength their strength is there when
they get killed by assault weapons right
and you have a chance not to preach but
to listen to the concerns of rural
America
I think that's long terms you want to
look at how we're gonna get rid of
assault weapons eventually completely
it's when rural rural America's lines up
and says yeah this is something that we
can look what we did with tommy guns
right after in the depression right
after that you know the the st.
Valentine's Day Massacre and all those
things happen suddenly America was so so
bereaved that they went ahead and said I
we will ban these automatic weapons
right and and the thing is also I mean
rural gun owners in Oregon and in
Colorado and in Florida they want
background checks I mean obviously I
know that the the gun manufacturers
don't because that may sell a few less
guns but rural gun owners that go out
hunting in in both of your states want
background checks but again it's so sort
of twisted and skewed the dynamics of
the the politics where you support
background checks in Colorado to keep
guns out of the hands of domestic
abusers and terrorists and the middlee
ill and you get recalled
the the thing they said while you're
getting the half the gun purchases
already why do we have to wait around
crooks aren't stupid and finally my son
actually I had my son that time was 11
he said dad get the facts you know get
the facts bigger decision check next
your life's not so hard so went back and
in the previous year and I remember I
still memorized the statistics 38 people
compete
homicide tried to buy a gun we stopped
133 people convicted of sexual assault
tried to buy a gun 1,300 people
convicted of felony assault
that's where somebody usually goes to
the hospital so it without my shop them
and we stopped them in each one of these
cases so universal background checks do
work and rural Colorado rural America
does believe in them want them somehow
the political dynamic just hasn't caught
up to the policy hasn't caught up the
political dynamic hasn't caught up to
that now the sentiment of the people and
Americans across the board want an
assault rifle weapons ban I mean I don't
know what the polling numbers show but
it's over 75 percent it's a planet and
cents Ronald Reagan President Reagan the
pillar of conservative republicanism
signed into law the assault rifle
weapons ban we can do this we know
background checks right now the polls
for that of course anywhere from 90 to
97 percent assault weapon bans assault
style weapon bans anywhere from 67 where
there was one that had it around 50 but
that was an outlier 67% to 75% it's a
majority issue for Americans it's the
numbers are going to just grow as these
events keep happening governor's John
Hickenlooper
and Kate Brown thank you both and still
ahead this morning a second grand jury
brings charges against Paul Manafort and
Rick gates in the Muller investigation
what officials say meta fort was doing
while managing the Trump campaign we'll
be right back thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
