as of now special prosecutor Robert
Waller has charged 19 people with crimes
including 13 Russians who don't live
here and of the five American citizens
who've been charged only two of them
have not already pleaded guilty and
today those two who have not pled guilty
found themselves loaded up with more
charges 32 to be exact the status report
on the case today was signed by Andrew
Weissman and here is what Steve Menon
said about Andrew Weissman in Michael
Wolf's fire and fury
you've got the LeBron James of
money-laundering investigations on you
everybody in that White House was
worried about Weissman the special
prosecutor unsealed 32 new charges
against former Trump campaign chairman
Paul Manafort and his aide Rick gates
there are 16 counts related to
falsifying individual income tax returns
seven counts of failing to file reports
of foreign bank and financial accounts
five counts of bank fraud conspiracy and
four counts of bank fraud the new
indictment claims that Paul Manafort and
Rick Gates concealed years of lobbying
work for the pro-russia government in
Ukraine they laundered millions of
dollars in proceeds and mislead
investigators about their foreign work
quote in total more than 75 million
flowed through the offshore accounts
Manta Fork with the assistance of gates
laundered more than 30 million dollars
income that he concealed from the United
States Department of the Treasury the
Department of Justice and others some of
the charges which include fraudulently
obtaining bank loans and lying on income
tax returns allegedly occurred as Paul
Manafort became chairman of the Trump
campaign these latest charges come less
than a week after Robert Mahler indicted
those 13 Russians and three Russian
companies for interfering in the
presidential election and only two days
after a Dutch lawyer pleaded guilty to
lying to investigators about some of his
interactions with Rick gates the New
York Times reports that Robert Muller
could be trying to use these charges as
leverage to get closer to the White
House mr. man affords friends have
that mr. mother's indictment is an
effort to pressure him into providing
information about mr. Trump in his
campaign if so Thursday's indictment
adds to that pressure a spokesman for
Paul Manafort has released this
statement and I Paul Manafort is
innocent of the allegations set out in
the newly filed indictments and he is
confident that he will be acquitted of
all charges the new allegations against
mr. manna Fort once again have nothing
to do with Russia and the 2016 election
interference collusion mr. manna fort is
confident that he will be acquitted and
violations of his constitutional rights
will be remedied ominously for Paul
Manafort and others facing possible
charges rick gates released no statement
about the new charges filed against him
nothing about rick gates being innocent
nothing about rick gates being confident
that he will be found not guilty of all
of these charges joining us now Ron
Klain former chief of staff to Vice
President Joe Biden Al Gore and former
senior aide to President Obama he's also
a former chief counsel of the Senate
Judiciary Committee also as Paul Fishman
a former US Attorney for New Jersey and
David Cay Johnston is with us he's a
Pulitzer prize-winning journalist who
founded DC Report org he's the author of
it's even worse than you think what the
Trump administration is doing to America
a bestseller now Paul Fishman I want to
go to you as the experienced federal
prosecutor here what do you make of
these additional 32 well when the
original indictment was was returned in
October whose apparent to everybody who
read it who knows anything about the way
these things work the tax charges were
forthcoming the the indictment described
a whole series of money-laundering
transactions that were designed
ultimately to get income to Paul
Manafort and maybe to gates and the tax
approval process in the Department of
Justice takes a little while longer
that's a more tightly controlled process
so it wasn't a big surprise that it came
in or was really I think the magnitude
of those the magnitude of the bank fraud
charges they're pretty stunning because
what's pretty clear it's for a
year-and-a-half
Paul Manafort and Rick Gates engaged on
a on fraud after fraud after fraud on
bank
they're bank after bank and what's
really surprising I think about this is
even more than the first indictment the
extent to which written gates went out
of his way to help poor man afford to
fraud these banks his role is described
quite particularly in this new
indictment so I know that the maximum
penalty for tax evasion is five years
anyone who has sat in the tax evasion
trial knows that they can stack those
five year sentences if they get multiple
convictions for multiple examples of of
separate years of tax evasion what about
the penalties on money laundering and
the other charges it seems like for
manna for two sixty eight years old you
can stack up a set of sentences that are
a life sentence here yeah well first of
all the penalties for bank fraud and for
money laundering way stiffer then for
tax evasion so so you're looking at a
much bigger okay but ultimately the way
it works in federal court ISM as I'm
sure you and lots of folks who are
watching the show know that there's a
sentencing guideline regime out there
that basically gives the presumptive
range for what somebody does but the
range for pool amount afford in this
case is gonna be pretty high probably in
the double digits for sure and for a guy
his age that's a pretty long pertinence
of prison sentence it's a pretty long
prison sentence or anybody Ron Klain
your reactions these new this new round
of indictments well I think it's very
significant Lawrence because I think it
begins to pierce the idea that the manna
fort and gates thing have nothing to do
with the Russia problem because what's
absolutely plain in this indictment is
that manna fort and gates were deep in
hock to Putin's ally in Ukraine they
were in desperate financial situation
and in the middle of a desperate
financial situation Paul Manafort
decides to take a volunteer job as head
of the Trump campaign and so the
questions who suggested that a person
who was so desperate they were
defrauding banks should become a
volunteer in the Trump campaign what was
all this about I think we're closer and
closer to learning that the top two team
members in Trump Tower were on Putin's
puppets payroll and I think that is a
very significant development as this
whole thing unfolds the David Cay
Johnston you have been study studying
the financial shenanigans of Donald
Trump and people around him for many
many years what do you see in this new
round of indictments boy I'm awful glad
I'm not
the defense lawyer for either one of
these guys the draftsmanship that went
into this indictment is remarkable it is
as clear reading as possible I've
watched federal tax prosecutors blow
cases because they made them so
difficult to understand the jury
couldn't get it this is laid out in the
most brilliant simple fashion and a
great deal of it involves Cyprus and
that means Russians are somewhere
involved in this even though they're not
named they've also got things that are
very real looking about all the people
we're never gonna hear about in public
or not until there are trials they've
got a bookkeeper they've got an
accountant they've an unnamed another
person where there are emails there are
memos please doctor these documents how
do you defend against something like
that when all they have to do is prove
that they filed the false tax returns
and they can trace all the money Paul
Fishman Steve Danon calls
Andrew Weissman who who signed one of
the documents in court today the LeBron
James of money laundering investigations
is that a fair description of the legal
team that Paul manna forts up against
Weissman is not that tall but but it is
it is entirely correct that Bob Muller
has assembled a team of very experienced
very talented very dogged prosecutors
Weissman is one on Greg Andres is one
Michael Dreeben who is the is one of the
longest-serving members ever of the
Solicitor General's Office and knows
more about criminal law in federal
criminal law than almost anybody alive
is one the rest of team is just that
talented and so yeah I mean that's part
of it but part of it is if you read the
indictment and David was right you read
that into this indictment they have done
remarkably good deep investigative work
you can tell from the indictment who
some of the witnesses are you can tell
if they have gone through the emails for
from at affort and gates with a
fine-tooth comb they've got all their
emails and this is a this looks from the
indictment to be a pretty rock-solid
case on every count and and run the
other thing that the special prosecutor
is doing with these indictments is he is
communicating with us us he's
communicating with the American people
it seems as clearly as he possibly can
and revealing as much information as he
possibly can in the actual written words
of these indictments
so that people can understand what's
happening in this case it is possible to
deliver indictments like this with with
less revealed detail within the range of
the indictment but this seems to be the
only way that Robert Muller intends to
communicate yeah that's right Lawrence I
think as with the indictments of the 13
Russians it is a very easy document to
read it's very lay person friendly it
lays out a very substantial case if if
Weissman is the LeBron James of
financial prosecutors you know Manta
Ford's defense is like the Mugsy Bogues
of Defense's here I mean really has no
case when you look at the detail of
financial transactions the specificity
in there the specificity of all these
bank transactions the loans everything I
mean it is a damning case against Manta
for in gates it shows how far gates went
to help Manafort commit this kind of
fraud and again I think it also shows
how close the flow of Russian tainted
money money from putin's allies in
ukraine were to these two people at the
very top of the Trump campaign in the
summer of 2016 at a time when the
Republican party platform was being
rewritten to change its position on
confronting Russia over Ukraine I mean
there's just a lot here that stinks
stinks up lot and David is reporting
reporting tonight indicating that Jarrod
Kushner's security clearance at the
White House is being held up now by more
than just a routine FBI background check
it's being held up apparently by the
mauler investigation that that is the
impediment to getting him cleared on a
background check well given the things
that the Kushner family has been
involved in in the past and their
connections I'm not the least bit
surprised I mean I'm shocked at the idea
that Jared Kushner is allowed within a
hundred feet of any kind of sensitive
document there's one other item in here
what Lawrence and and Paul is probably
the person who can talk about this but
this indictment was filed in Alexandria
Virginia the earlier case was filed in
Washington DC and that suggests to me
that they can bring this as two separate
prosecutions one after the other and
really knocked them around and
I may be wrong about that but it does
strike me there must be a reason that
these are filed in different
jurisdictions and it's got to be have a
message to the defense oh well so I'm
not sure that it's a message here's that
here's the thing you can only prosecute
somebody for a crime in the place they
committed the crime so the the first
indictment which alleged money
laundering as well as the failure to
register as a foreign agent had to be
filed in DC because the the registration
process for foreign agency takes place
when you register or don't register with
the Department of Justice and the
Department of Treasury the tax evasion
charge is when you get charged with tax
evasion it's where you live where you
made money or where you file your tax
returns looks like now the court didn't
do any of those things in DC so they
filed those returns in Virginia but
David is right it looks like right now
they're gonna be back to back trials
maybe not weeks apart but certainly
months apart and we'll have to see which
one goes first Paul Fishman Ron Klain
David Cay Johnston thank you all for
joining us on this important night
really appreciate it thanks Lauren
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
