but while all that other news was
breaking today we also got it's not even
Friday a new 32 count federal indictment
against the chairman of the Donald Trump
for president campaign and the deputy
chairman of that campaign as well Paul
man a fourth campaign chairman and Rick
gates the deputy chairman they were both
already indicted on a dozen counts
doesn't felony counts back in October in
federal court in DC well today they were
hit with a superseding indictment not in
DC but in a neighboring district where
both men live and where both of them
importantly filed their taxes the
Eastern District of Virginia so they
were charged in October in DC they were
charged today in Virginia this means
that a second grand jury a whole
different grand jury was involved in
producing these charges against them it
wasn't the same grand jury that indicted
them before this this shift in venue
with these new charges also raises some
very interesting questions as to where
these guys are ultimately going to go on
trial and when and how many times there
is now a nonzero chance that this new
indictment means that these Trump
campaign guys are gonna go on trial in
DC and then they are also going to go on
trial in Virginia so we'll have more on
that in a moment with somebody who knows
these things inside and out but here's
what I think we've just learned about
that Special Counsel investigation and
about the relationship between President
Trump the Trump campaign and all these
dozens of financial and tax charges
against Paul Manafort
and Rick Gates okay you might remember
this document a few months ago MSNBC
obtained this letter
it's a letter and a list of talking
points that Paul Manafort used in late
February and early March 2016 to pitch
himself to pitch his services to the
Trump campaign now mana for at this
point in in the winter of 2016 or really
2016 he hadn't been involved in
electoral politics in the United States
in decades
he had no profile at all in the modern
Republican Party he was on nobodies list
of people who anyone might pick to run
their campaign let alone Donald
Trump when Trump needed to move on from
his troubled Tasmanian Devil phase when
he had his first campaign manager Corey
Lewandowski but Glen thrush at the New
York Times was first to report on how
exactly man afford this unlikely
character pitched himself for the top
job to take over after Lewandowski got
fired and then we at MSNBC got the
letter and the talking points themselves
and we know from this document that mana
forts pitch to run the Trump campaign it
starts off as a pitch to Trump's friend
Tom barrack and it's mana forts pitch
about how he saw the election going how
he saw Trump's best path forward toward
winning the nomination what the biggest
hurdles would be and how he could do it
but then it ends the last couple of
pages are talking points for Trump
conversation and those are all talking
points about why manna fort believes he
is the right man for the job the right
man to run the campaign and look at
point number one this is what what manna
fort says he had to offer quote my role
number one I am NOT looking for a paid
job interesting Paul Manafort now facing
a dozen federal felony charges in DC
another dozen and a half federal felony
charges in Virginia he ran the Trump
campaign starting in March 2016 for free
he said he didn't need a salary not
looking for any money he's not the kind
of guy who needs money that was always
kind of a quirky detail about Trump
bringing on mana for all right one why
is this guy running a presidential
campaign he's old he's only been
operating in politics in the former
Soviet Union for the past 15 years let's
see doing now running a u.s.
presidential campaign and - why is he
working for free well now say hello to
the new indictment because now we've got
a lot more of that plot metaphor makes
that pitch to run the Trump campaign for
free in March 2016 here's what we now
know was going on for Manta for in the
months leading up to March 2016 the new
indictment pages 20 to 27 it to be
specific if you're going to read this
before you go to bed
they lay out a scene of absolute
financial desperation for a Paul
Manafort
and we don't know why yeah it was in a
state of financial desperation but we do
see direct evidence of a scramble a
scramble by mana for on multiple fronts
to get his hands on a lot of cash a lot
of money but it's kind of a failing
scramble now there are legal questions
to get through here and we'll get some
help with those but but the plotline
question to get through is for me it's
been a sticky question from the very
beginning why was Paul Manafort
offering to work full time for free at
all especially why was he doing that
given what we now know was going on in
his finances at the time this indictment
describes a two-part scheme by mana
Fortin gates the first part will be
familiar to you from the first
indictment against them a few months ago
the first raft of charges the first raft
of charges against them the first part
of the scheme according of this
indictment takes place between
approximately 2006 and 2015 during that
time quote mana fort and gates generated
tens of millions of dollars in income as
a result of their Ukraine work now the
special counsel alleges and most of this
was in the first indictment Moeller's
office alleges that the money that they
made in Ukraine they hid it in offshore
bank accounts and they wondered that
money and they did not report that money
to the IRS that was the basis of a lot
of that first round of charges but now
in this new indictment they describe a
second phase of the scheme and that
would didn't take place between 2006 and
2015 it was after the second phase of
the scheme took place quote between
approximately 2015 and at least January
2017 so this is the part that overlaps
in time with mana foreign gates working
on the Trump campaign right Trump
announces he's running in 2015 he's get
sworn in as president in January 2017 so
that's that time period is phase 2 of
their scheme quote when the Ukraine
income dwindles after Yanukovych flees
to Russia
for with the assistance of gates
extracts money from mana forts real
estate buy a whole bunch of different
fraudulent means quote they devised and
intended to devise they executed and
attempted to execute a scheme and
artifice to defraud and to obtain money
and property from banks and other
financial institutions by means of false
and fraudulent pretenses representations
and promises so so there's phase one
right there's this money spigot that
gates and and mana for are tapped into
this money spigot out of Ukraine from
the pro-putin Ukrainian dictator who
they're working for in Ukraine
that's bigoted of money gets shut off
when the dictator gets overthrown in
2014 and so starting in 2015 they have
to scramble for a new source of income
and the scrambling that's scrambling
which is all described here in detail in
time it's all happening right in the
lead up right up to the moment when
manna fort pitches himself to work on
the Trump campaign for free so in 2015
he gets a loan from a financial
institution where he lies to the bank
about how much of his money he makes
overseas then quote in late 2015 through
early 2016
Manta Ford sought another cash loan a
construction loan that he said he would
use to improve one of his properties
quote manna fort never intended to limit
use of the proceeds to construction as
required by the loan contracts and he
never did then again the same time
period in quote late 2015 through early
manna fort tries for yet another loan
the indictment says to get that loan he
lies again and says his daughter and his
son-in-law are living at one of his
properties one really he's renting it
out on Airbnb full-time quote on January
26 2016 manna fort writes to his
son-in-law to advise him that when the
bank appraiser comes to assess the condo
his son-in-law should quote remember he
believes that you're living there
according to the indictment manna fort
is is trying and failing to jump through
a million hoops to try to get these
loans there's that that lie about his
daughter and son living in the condo
that he's trying to get
this loan for the indictment further on
that loan says that he also has Rick
Gates obtain and submit false insurance
documents to try to get that loan quote
after Gates contacted the insurance
broker and asked her to provide lender B
with false information
gates updated Manta Ford by email on
February 24th 2016 Manta forts replied
to gates on the same day quote good job
on the insurance issues good job sending
in those false insurance documents then
for that same loan Gates is sending in
more false documentation they send in
back dated documentation that falsely
stated that a different one and a half
million dollar loan had been forgiven
they falsely inflated mana forts income
for 2015 so there's this scramble to get
cash the scramble to get cash loans with
a lot of different kinds of alleged
fraudulent documents and it's all going
on late 2015
through January February 2016 right
before mana for applies in late February
and early March to start working for
Trump for free and this financial
scrambling that he's doing right up
until that time according to this
indictment that scrambling is not going
well in approximately February 2016
Manta Ford applies for a business loan
from lenders see nana fort makes a
series of false statements to lender ce
including a false statement of assets
and liabilities then in March 2016 mana
Fortin gate submit a doctor profit and
loss statement which overstates their
company's income by more than four
million dollars Gates reportedly tells
the company's bookkeeper to send him a
profit and loss statement as a Microsoft
Word document so he could edit it so he
could make changes to that profit and
loss statement to boost the apparent
income at the company so mana fort can
get this loan but quote the bookkeeper
refused quote having failed to secure a
falsified profit and loss statement from
the bookkeeper gates falsified the
profit and loss statement himself gates
then sent the altered profit and loss
statement to the lender the statement
claimed approximately four and a half
million dollars in net income whereas
the true profit and loss statement
showed a net income of less than
$400,000
so they're wildly inflating their income
they're faking their profit-and-loss
statements they're sending in false
insurance documents they're lying about
whether properties or rental properties
or places where people live they're
saying I'm gonna I need this loan for
construction they're not using that loan
for construction so mana fort has in the
portrait painted in this document he is
scrambling gates is helping him through
all sorts of apparently illegal means at
one point in March 2016 the same month
mana fort is pitching himself to the
Trump campaign as a guy who doesn't need
to be paid at all in March 2016 mana
Fortin gates try to get mana for yet
another loan for that one they have a
false profit and loss statement that
overstates the company's income by quote
more than two million dollars which is
the amount the lender told mana fort he
needed in order to qualify for that loan
but at this point apparently they made
that it's like it's it's gone on too
long
that cut and paste job for that profit
and loss statement they were gonna they
were going to falsify that that one
seems like it was a little bit of a mess
maybe the scramble is going on for so
long they were just getting sloppy quote
when the document was first submitted to
lender be a conspirator working at
lender B replied quote looks doctored
can't someone just do a clean Excel
document and PDF it to me a subsequent
version was submitted to the bank they
also one point apparently ginned up a
fake invoice for 2.4 million dollars
they addressed it to to whom it may
concern who promises to pay to whom it
may concern' 2.4 million dollars but
they apparently ginned up this invoice
to make it look like they were about to
get paid 2.4 million problem though well
the bank was unwilling to rely on the
invoice to support manna fort stated
income they requested additional
information the bank was unable to
obtain satisfactory support for manna
fort stated income and the loan
application was denied why do you need
all these different loans why do you
need all this cash we don't know for
some reason times were tough this stuff
all happens in very close succession all
at once late 2015 early 2016
the
guys are doing backflips allegedly
flagrantly illegal backflips to try to
get cash from an afford and increasingly
it was not working but then it all
turned around for some reason man afford
offers himself to the Trump campaign as
a full-time volunteer I don't need to
get paid I got no money worries and then
thereafter his money problems
Kyla's start to turn around and again
look at the timing here look at the
timing between approximately July 2016
and January 2017 man apart with the
assistance of gates sought and secured
approximately 16 million dollars 16
million dollars in two loans from lender
D Oh finally great relief money coming
in let's put late fifth 2015 and early
2016 behind him alright thank God for
lender D I mean they were still
apparently ripping off lender D there
was another doctored profit profit loss
statement where gates took the real
profit loss statement he converted it
from a PDF file to a word file at edited
it added in an extra three and a half
million dollars income to the real
figures then turned it back into a PDF
and manna fort sent it in they learned
apparently not to use the bookkeeper
anymore
they even allegedly concocted a note
from Rick Gates swearing that the
$300,000 that was over 90 days past due
on Paul manna for its American Express
card that was all just a big
misunderstanding among friends they
concocted this story for lender D work
metaphor and gates told the bank
actually gates just borrowed the card he
was good for it he's totally gonna pay
it back pay no attention to how the
quote delinquency on that American
Express card significantly affected Paul
Amana Ford's credit score so they still
had to scam lender D but with lender D
it worked and again look at the time
line all of that scrambling in late 2015
and early 2016 all of that scrambling
and it's increasingly not working out
but starting July 2016 gates in Manta
fort
jackpot they convinced lender D to cough
up 16 million bucks we believe lender D
is the Federal Savings Bank a small
institution that lends specifically to
US military veterans in Chicago Paul
Manafort
is not a US military veteran nor does he
have anything to do with Chicago the 16
million dollars they gave him in loans
that was a huge chunk that was like a
quarter of the total loanable assets of
that Bank NBC reported yesterday that
people who work at that Bank questioned
the propriety of those loans at the time
NBC also reports that Muller is
investigating those loans and that quote
at least one of the bank employees who
felt pressured into approving the deals
is cooperating with Muller's
investigators well The Wall Street
Journal now reports that what Moeller's
team is investigating specifically is
the question of whether those loans were
a quid pro quo did that bank give that
money to manna fort because by doing so
the head of that little Bank came to
believe that he would be appointed
secretary of the United States Army by
Donald Trump quote Steve caulk the chief
executive of the Bank was placing calls
to the Pentagon and specifically to Army
headquarters asking for briefings to
obtain information and prepare himself
for a possible job that he apparently
was convinced he was going to get mr.
Cox overtures raised questions among
military leaders as to how to respond so
what is described in this indictment is
that Paul Manafort for some reason and a
2015 beginning in 2016 he was doing
gymnastics to try to get his hands on
lots of cash lots of money at a frenetic
pace late 2015 early 2016 and he was
most of the time sailing right up
through March 2016 and in March 2016 he
takes this Trump gig for free and within
a couple of months she sixteen million
dollars in loans which is now reportedly
being investigated as his payment for
making this poor sod in Chicago think
Trump
is gonna name him Secretary of the army
so that time line I think is the big
piece of the plot that this just gave us
some other new things in the old
indictment in the October indictment
molars team said that Rick gates and
Paul Manafort had laundered 18 million
dollars in the new indictment they say
it wasn't 18 million dollars that they
laundered it was 30 million dollars so a
lot more where'd they get the
information on the additional 12 million
dollars I don't know there had been a
lot there has been a lot of speculation
and reporting recently that any any new
charges any new criminal allegations
against manna fort in particular would
come because Rick Gates was pleading
guilty and he was starting to provide
evidence against his old business
partner and Paul Manafort that is not
what appears to have happened here this
new indictment does have 18 new charges
against Paul Manafort but it's got 23
new charges against Rick gates and
there's no sign of a new guilty plea
from Rick gates now there is some new
drama about who gates as lawyers are now
we'll talk about that in a minute we're
not exactly sure how that relates here
there's a couple other specifics to know
in the first indictment the one back in
October there there were no charges of
tax fraud against manna fort and gates
and that was interesting especially to
those of us who are sort of just laying
of these things because in that
indictment back in October there was a
ton of description of tax fraud but no
charges and so that led a lot of people
to ask back in October hey if Muller has
all this evidence about tax fraud tax
evasion by man affording gates where are
the tax evasion charges they're here
they didn't charge him in October but
those tax charges are here now they're
in this one and there's one more big
question that this new indictment raises
the foreshadowing we got from the court
about about what was going to come in
this indictment it sort of came in two
stages first one was Friday night on
Friday night mana forts team said they
excuse me Muller's team
sorry em people sorry on Friday night
molars investigators molars team said
they had new evidence of new criminal
conduct by Paul Manafort they said in a
filing about Paul Manafort
bail package that there was bank fraud
associated with some of the properties
that manna fort had offered up to the
court as his guarantee that he wouldn't
flee the country to avoid trial that's
why he's not in jail right he's out on
bond he's out on essentially bail saying
don't worry I won't flee the country
part of how you know that is because I'm
putting up ten million dollars worth of
property but the court can seize if I
take off so in a filing about mana forts
bond package on Friday night molars team
was like we see big bank fraud problems
here those allegations appear to be
what's in this indictment now so there's
a little foreshadowing on Friday night
this morning then the judge formally
requested excuse me formally rejected a
request by Paul Manafort
related to his bail package now there
are there are dozens of criminal charges
related to the properties that mana fort
put up as part of his bail we now know
that's what's in this indictment that
came out tonight because molars team is
raising all these questions about these
properties about them being basically
obtained by fraudulent means does that
mean that Paul Manafort is at risk of
having his bail packages bond package
revoked the reason you put up a bond
package to say is to say you don't need
to put me in jail you can have all of
this property that's very valuable all
of these assets if I take off those
properties and these assets are so
valuable of course I would never take
off you can be assured if there's now a
problem with those properties is there a
chance that Paul Manafort is going to
have his bail revoked is one of the
possibilities here now that we've got
this new indictment that the court is
going to put him in jail awaiting trial
stay with us
hey there are misses from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
