new pressure to change the gun debate in
America survivors from the Parkland
shooting pressing politicians regardless
of party Donald Trump feeling the need
to hold another gun event today this
time with local officials Trump under
pressure for worrying more about what
the NRA thinks then these families and
while yelled a note yesterday that told
him to remember to say I hear you the
president's comments and his own aides
leaks suggest it's the NRA that's in
charge now this is one debate that
actually doesn't have a lot to do with
Donald Trump or actually with most gun
owners this is we know about the NRA and
gun manufacturers who've been dominating
Washington for years honestly no matter
which party ran Congress now I turn to
congressman Michael Burgess he's a
Republican from Texas with an NRA a
rating thanks for coming on the show
tonight thanks Ari thanks for having me
on when I look at your record and you
support these measures to make sure that
people can get assault-style weapons and
ar-15s there's no constitutional right
to have those guns like an ar-15 so why
is it so important to you to make sure
people can get them well look there if
there is a Second Amendment and it is
reasonable to protect the Second
Amendment
this is not about the Second Amendment
sir and that's why I just want to make
sure to get your answer first you've got
to start it is not usual Second
Amendment right would be distressed if
we were talking about the First
Amendment so look the NRA stands for gun
safety responsible gun ownership every
interaction I have had with the NRA that
has been what has been stressed it's not
generally NRA members who are committing
the problems no but I want you to I want
to have a real debate with you but I
want have a real dialogue with you the
question to you and I'll read from the
court rulings as you know because I know
you know this there is no Second
Amendment protection for weapons of war
the Supreme Court does not say the ar-15
or a Second Amendment issue and so since
you and I know that my question to you
tonight for people who are wondering at
home why you have made it easier for
people to get ar-15s is why
no no that's in fact that's that's not
the debate at all but the issue is there
are certain rights that are guaranteed
to us in
the Constitution it may be a discussion
that part of those rights are going to
be are going to be changed if that's so
that needs to be a national conversation
and likely that will involve legislation
and likely will involve the courts might
even involve a constitutional amendment
but we're we're far away from that point
right now I do think what the president
is doing is correct I think he's been
reasonable he's listening to people and
the president has a unique way of kind
of cutting through the water what are
all the standard positions that people
hold and he says he's willing to listen
okay let's take him at his word and I
think for right now where I live the I
know the governor just put out a a call
to school districts to make certain that
your school district your school is
secure
certainly the schools that I have
interacted with in the failure weeks are
at home there's a question at all I take
it I mean the question is and again I'll
put it back up on the screen just so the
viewers I don't know how I can be clear
it's the language that we both speak
well let's use the language though I
want the viewers to be clear there is
not a Second Amendment right to ar-15s
you have voted against the measures to
limit them and so what I want to know is
why well there is a Second Amendment
right to keep and bear arms and if that
discussion then is to a particular type
of weapon you know so be it but right
now I don't think that is I don't think
that issue is demonstrable proven okay
well I'll move on to another topic as
you know the United States Supreme Court
has held in the Heller decision and the
federal appeals courts have held there
is no second moment right to the ar-15
and so that's part of where the debate
is it seems that people want the ire of
15 to represent all guns when it doesn't
I guess the other question I did want to
get that's true I do want to get to one
item with you sir which is the the
immunity the gun manufacturers have
which you also supported and again is
not an issue for gun owners I mean I
grew up in the house with a gun a lot of
Americans did but why did you vote to
immunize these gun manufacturers from
being taken to court for the use of
their weapons
well liability liability protection is
something that I supported across the
board whether it be a medical practice
whether it be and in other areas the
ability to simply end a business because
it can be victim et you know tied up in
a civil court I don't think that serves
any particular useful purpose so that is
I don't even actually remember that
being a recent discussion to be
perfectly honest with you well you you
voted for the lawful Commerce in Arms
Act and so that's recent in the sense
that that remains the law in the books
but the other thing I want to ask you
about is is the empirical facts on this
debate when you look across the world
when you see that you have this
comparison where 64% of homicides in our
country are gun related and it's only
say 4% in England or 13% in Australia
even if if people disagree about as we
did earlier to some degree what the
Constitution says do you think this is a
price worth paying
to have such a higher rate of gun
homicide in this country this is why I
believe the NRA is important because I
believe they they teach and preach gun
safety and that really should be the
central thesis to which all of us
ascribe we want people yes we want
people to have their rights and be
protected at the same time we want them
to exercise those rights safely so those
numbers don't concern you because a lot
of people look at that and they say gosh
even if you support guns as you do and a
lot of people do wouldn't we want to
bring that number down and if there were
fewer of the assault-style weapons of
war that that percent would come - are
you comfortable with that at 64 percent
I guess is the final question I don't
think that I don't think that needle
would move with the type of legislation
that you're talking about but look gun
safety
gun education yes those things are
critically important again that's what
the NRA stands for
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
