joining me now is Democratic Governor
John Hickenlooper of Colorado governor
you're in town renji hey so welcome glad
to be back I know
look you are the epitome of I would
argue a Democrat that has been
straddling the fence between gun culture
and gun control in Colorado is a state
that epitomizes that maybe the clash of
these two cultures can you bridge this
divide I mean you're trying but is it a
bridgeable divide I think it's like
anything else public Senate plays such a
big role right Lincoln's old quote with
with public sentiment nothing can fail
without it nothing can succeed right
that's and I think this might be I'm not
sure if it's a tipping point or not but
that I've had Republicans very wealthy
Republicans who I've known for years who
have always supported the party no
matter what are now saying that they're
not going to support you know they're
not going to fund people that are
resisting gun control what changed you
it was always interesting after Aurora
you were hesitant to make a bunch of
changes after Newtown you said you know
what let's have this conversation again
so it is walk me through your evolution
on this well you know I went out there
the Aurora movie theater shooting in
2013 early part of summer at the scene
you walk through and see the videotapes
of the inside of that theater and it's
it's chilling and clearly from the
accounts there was a great deal of
mental health issues involved so that
that's where we focus on mental health
we put thirty million dollars in the
budget after Newtown it wasn't I mean
it's more than that and I think you
begin looking at you know these assault
weapons and the the huge large capacity
magazines and we just felt you know the
universal background checks I went back
and looked at the statistics I still
remember them in 2012 getting to half
the gun purchases we had 38 people
convicted of homicide but tried to buy a
gun and we stopped them right I mean how
can anybody argue with universal
background checks you know is
interesting you did have a couple of
state lawmakers get recalled over there
yeah no I remember right and and it was
not an easy part for your reelection so
you know what does the Democratic Party
do here I mean you you see this Connor
lamb and you know I'm sure you know this
is a Democrat trying to
in trump country and guns is a it's not
a policy debate it's a cultural issue
it's an issue of freedom yeah and they
really take it as their they want to be
left alone and live their lives and they
don't want government in Washington or
in Colorado they don't want governor in
Denver telling them what to do so I
think you have to go incremental II and
in those rural states universal
background checks I think a good place
to start bum stocks you look I mean we
outlawed
what were the tommy guns Thompson
submachine guns back in 1933 or 34 they
are you know the weapons of their
military-grade weapons that's I think
there's a line there that we're going to
get to where military-grade weapons
certainly will raise the age I think
we'll get to 21 years at least for
military-grade weapons you know we'll
take those incremental steps are you
gonna do that in Colorado first we'll
see are you ready to propose this before
you leave office or no no I think well I
think I'm certainly going to talk about
with Republican leadership and I mean
it's not just Democrats that are rattled
by this I mean think about if there's no
doubt suburban Republicans I think are
rattled on one hand and rural Democrats
are rattled for different reasons
absolutely yeah and I think that if you
were to look at you really want to harm
this country let's say you're sitting in
a in a basement in Leningrad and you're
you're plotting you want to harm America
what would be more effective than to
make American children too scared to go
to school too scared when they're in
school to focus you said you you
remember during a reelection campaign
that you thought to a group of Sheriff
you thought there were some things you
could have done better when you wrote
the law so give some advice there's a
lot of states are gonna now be looking
at and probably looking at the Colorado
model since this is a state that has a
thriving gun culture and a growing
suburbs and you're bridge to divide and
you made some you've made some
incremental moves here what are some
advice you'd give that you what mistakes
did you guys make that you think
somebody else should avoid well I think
it's a hard with when you get into some
of the specifics of a bill there's a
level of animosity and anger that kind
of comes out of nowhere and I think we
respond to that we just kind of closed
down shop a little bit I think you've
got a you've got go out to the people
that are so sell this is what you're
saying yeah and listen not so much so we
always think we've got to go out and
we're
we're gonna pitch it the only way and I
learned this in the restaurant business
the only way to really persuade people
to change your mind is by listening
harder right really hit and making them
feel heard
well let me senator Brian Schatz from
Hawaii he wrote this
today he goes I normally am all for
compromise and we get this right I'm
normally interested in compromise not
this time I cannot manage our bill that
would make a difference that the NRA
supports we don't need to cut a deal
with them we need to beat them is that a
viable is that a viable strategy I
understand his personal sentiment he
represents Hawaii Hawaii doesn't have
the same gun culture as Colorado does
it's a tougher vote for a michael
bennett than it is a brian schatz what's
your how do you deal with that when
you've got that kind of what is
animosity it is so frustrating that the
nra seems in movable right I mean the
universal background checks again I
called 30 or 40 Republicans civic
leaders chairman of the board the art
museum all these people every one of
them supported universal background
checks and yet I couldn't get a single
Republican vote in our General Assembly
the NRA has has drawn a line and there's
no compromise anywhere so that's when
you do have to go up against them and
just push and say we want responsible
reasonable gun control and I try and
take everybody's guns away we want to
make sure our schools and such as
schools think about it it's it's it's
our places of assembly a place of
worship what we're being I mean it's a
we're allowing ourselves to be
terrorized what do you believe is the
tangible next step president Trump
should try to take I think raising the
age limits is a good first step right
that's something he's come out for them
said he's gonna bomb stocks he's saying
he wants to ban right ban them as well
do two or three things like that to show
the American People that that you can
make changes and what happens if
concealed carry reciprocity is a part of
that quote compromise well Sanchez is
that undermine it yes I don't know mine
the reform in your mind certainly it
undermines that you know there are a
bunch of charts that I'm sure you've
seen him where you look at the the
amount of reasonable gun control in
communities and the amount of gun deaths
for a hundred thousand people it goes
down with with with good control
putting more you know concealed carry I
haven't seen any statistics anywhere
that
that demonstrates any kind of increase
or improvement in safety and what about
arming schools teachers what would it
cost so Colorado hundred and forty or
950 schools he's gonna spend a million
dollars a year I don't know eight
hundred thousand dollars a year paying
guards and they're armed training
teachers I mean that money's got to come
from somewhere I'll come out of teachers
most teachers I've ever talked to and
when I was mayor my first four years I
did that right crazily and it visited
every public school never no one told me
there were 161 teachers don't want to
carry guns most of them I'm sure some do
but I'm not sure that's gonna improve
anything and it would be very expensive
and a huge amount of training what so
those two things what's something else
do you think Colorado would do as you do
before you leave
I think Colorado the one of the things
we're looking at in addition to bump
stocks and looking at how can we get to
a place for people having mental health
issues can be detained for more than
just 24 hours for maybe 72 hours and
then you know if it's their parents or
immediate family member and we think
they're a threat to themselves or to
others incorrect getting out information
into the background check system well
that's a good first step right school if
you're expelled from school that stuff
is not put into the background right
well that's all tough I think that's
part of that same thing how do you
create a system to begin looking at
people that have had episodes clear
episodes where they're mentally unstable
John Hickenlooper governor of Colorado
gotta leave it there thanks for coming
on enjoy your time here in Washington
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
