Washington Post national political
reporter Robert Kosta also the moderator
of Washington week on PBS Ashley Parker
is the post White House reporter Eddie
Glaude a professor at Princeton use me
at Princeton University and at least
Jordan a time columnist Robert to you
first did you get the sense that what
happened yesterday is forcing people in
power I'm talking the president other
members of the GOP like Marco Rubio to
reconsider where they stand
credit to Rubio for showing up last
night but the heat is on the heat is
certainly on you see these protests in
Tallahassee and in places across the
country March out marching out of
schools students across the country are
really taking up this movement as their
own but the question really is is there
going to be pressure on lawmakers in
Washington and in state capitals to
actually act to move forward with
firearm restrictions so far most
Republicans in power in Congress are
talking about background checks they're
talking about more modest proposals not
the kind of sweeping reforms that many
of these survivors and families are
talking about all right actually I need
to have an understanding maybe you can
help me with what the president's actual
position is because he's tweeting about
arming teachers the idea that more guns
is the solution not less yet he tweeted
back in May of 2016
crooked Hillary said that I want guns
brought into the school classroom wrong
so which exactly is it well it's fair to
point out those contradictions and
that's a good question with this
president as we know it's often not what
he says because he'll say a number of
different things on a number of
different sides of the same issue often
and in a single day or a week it's it's
what he does so this is what he's saying
now I would put a little more emphasis
or credence on on what he's saying
he seems serious about thinking that
potentially arming some number of
teachers who have military training our
experience might be a good idea but
again this is something as we've seen he
could say today and then he
see something on TV or he's persuaded by
another advisor he talks to his allies
on the hill and he changes his mind and
so until he gets behind legislation or
potential action an executive action on
his part
I don't think we'll truly know what his
policy is Eddie it is a trump move you
know he was talking yesterday about age
limits which is something the NRA
doesn't support he may have gotten some
blowback on that we don't know and now
he's talking about a certain percentage
of teachers having guns in schools
having more guns in schools is straight
out of the NRA talking for us so is that
what he's doing here is now realigning
with the NRA I think so it's also a kind
of mark of his own confusion I think
around this issue it's a difficult nut
to crack but I think it I think this
whole debate reveal something very
disturbing and that is the outsized
influence of the NRA and that's just a
kind of an example of the outsized
influence of big money on our politics
and so if you see where the American
people stand on the question of guns the
majority of folks I'm from the south the
guns are a part of our culture but
they're they're reasonable you've got
guys like Mike Bloomberg giving a ton of
dough lots of people giving a ton of
dough the power of the NRA is more than
just money they've got single-issue
voters it's a single issue voting base
100 there are a hundred America a
hundred million Americans who own guns
in this country and so I think that part
of what has to happen with this debate
is impressing on everyone how the
current system is just not working
you know universal background checks
have to become part of the legislation
in this country we cannot have loopholes
where you have no background check at
all where person-to-person transfer of
guns that guns are unregistered and that
it's easier to buy an ar-15 than it is
to buy a car and there's no title
whatsoever
this has to be strengthened okay well
there's 100 million Americans who own
guns Rand Paul who you used to work for
Marco Rubio defendants of the Second
Amendment but
that father who lost his daughter last
week he said I support the Second
Amendment but being able to buy assault
rifle assault rifles is a bastardized
interpretation of the Second Amendment
is there room here to redefine what the
Second Amendment means well I think that
the NRA has taken it further than
perhaps even a lot of their memberships
would even want and by being so
absolutist and not will it being willing
to cacique concede an inch and that is
the NRA mentor that you do not give an
inch you do not give up anything because
then it's a simpler slope and they'll
have more rights taken away but that is
not going to work in this era of
technological innovation where you can
have a bump stock and where there are
high-capacity magazines that allow
military-grade weapons to hurt the
rights of responsible gonna gun owners
who just want a gun to protect
themselves all right Robert Costa I want
to ask you about this card that we saw
in the president's hand during a
listening session he's getting a lot of
heat for it one of the bullet points
read quote was number five I hear you
and I want to share what one of the
students that was there told Brian
Williams about that last night the
president
did his thing played his game he had his
questions already ready he already had
it written that he hears us that was
it's kind of something all right Robert
Kosta what do you make of that I mean
just just as an aside sure is it absurd
that the President of the United States
had some handwritten cards that say I
hear you but listen it was a
high-pressure situation I have cards we
all have cards but but what that young
man was saying was the president played
a game he's a performer it doesn't mean
anything well he said to the students
that he hears them but the question is
when when will that hearing become
action if ever at least mention
high-capacity magazines senator Rubio
signaled
last night that he was open to a
discussion on banning high-capacity
magazines the president has talked about
the age being raised for gun purchases
the NRA of course came out a few hours
later said it would oppose those kind of
measures when you look at a politician
and he says he hears people's concerns
that's a common refrain but really the
challenge for president Trump is how
much is he going to perhaps oppose his
own party opposed the NRA how much is it
going to try to make policy out of some
of his own concerns that he's outlined
already yeah he's missing part two and
three it's this is what I heard this is
what I think this is what I'm going to
do we're waiting for number two and
three
Ashley Washington Post has an editorial
out today calling on Trump to prove that
he actually means business on gun
control the USA Today editorial says it
would be a hugely popular move I mean
President Trump if he did anything he
could even do something with a wink wink
nod nod from the NRA he would get
massive support you're right and in
President Trump is one of these people
who some of his supporters and even his
detractors believe sort of has the
credibility to move his base to a place
where they're not comfortable going so
for instance there was a thought that he
could do that on immigration that he
could get his base to agree to some
concessions and there's a thought that
he may be able to do that on guns now we
haven't seen that yet it's an open
question and I would
so add that the sort of rub here is that
often when President Trump does try to
go in that direction does go to a place
where he is maybe not purely comfortable
with and certainly that his base is not
comfortable with what we've seen at
least on immigration and we could see on
guns is that he often gets dragged back
when when there's an uprising when it
seems like he's losing his support when
conservatives come out against him he
often just retreats to his initial
position so I think the editorials they
are tapping into something that he could
do now a will he do it and be will he do
it and then not retreat I know buddy
knows yet okay it just is this not the
time and remember this is the dealmaker
president to wise up and play ball here
because I want to go through some of the
numbers most Americans agree with some
form of gun control 97 percent support
universal background checks 83 support
mandatory waiting periods when you buy a
gun
67 percent support a nationwide assault
weapons ban and 66 percent we're in need
of stricter gun laws in general Alysse
to you being an absolute purist only
keeps you with a very small base
shouldn't the President and even his
base realized let's give a little
because we could get a lot I think
President Trump it's going to come down
to how much loyalty he really has to the
NRA they pitched in early with his
campaign and gave him more money than
any other presidential contender in the
history of American politics from their
organization why so is he well the NRA
that is just not who they are that is
not their strategy are they going to
realize that their current strategy is
politically untenable in this moment
that is the big question supposed to be
a genius move for the NRA to say let's
give a crumb
no one's we all have made a decision of
what the NRA is and what they represent
if they gave something the rest of the
world would sort of a 10-pound ox they
see saying okay we support a bump stock
ban so I'm sure Vegas that is a
concession so this is you know at the
end of the day this isn't about the
Second Amendment this is about money
this is about not not that it's about
the gun lobby and gun manufacturers and
let me be very clear
this is a tragic moment we've seen I
mean it's a massacre Penn now there's
another tragic moment but there are
folks in communities that I that I know
who have been burying their kids for a
long time because guns have been in
their communities parents have been
grieving because they've been putting
their babies in grounds when kids were
organizing because their children their
friends have been put put in the ground
they have been experiencing PTSD because
they've had to bury their friends right
this is not start small
it's an outsized influence of a small
group of people who want to keep their
guns well people are having to bury
their children so don't talk can perform
politicians could try to stay elected
but at the end of the day those children
are organizing those children walking
marching down the street this is a new
moment we're gonna push it and it took
some certain kinds of people to die for
us to get this question on the table you
mean white but there been a lot of
people dying because of guns Stephanie a
lot of folk have been getting killed
because of guns this conversation isn't
going anywhere and we have to keep
having it I applaud there's young people
with you you know I keep hearing these
young people who are going through this
emotional stress why should they be
asked these questions why should they be
on TV
remember those young people while
they're in this emotional distress they
can walk into a store and buy a gun you
okay with that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
