America's opioid epidemic is arguably
the worst public health crisis in this
country's history this week Time
magazine is out with a special report
the opioid diaries it's the first time
in over six years that time has
dedicated in the entire issue to a
single topic it's also the first time in
its 95-year history it has devoted a
complete issue to just one photographers
work
joining us now time editor-in-chief
Edward Felsen fall time deputy editor
and director of visual Enterprise Kira
Pollock and time deputy director of
photography and visual Enterprise Paul
Mowgli good to have you all on board
Edward why why this issue why now well
you know this is another use the word
epidemic uniquely American epidemic that
we have so far as a society failed to
muster the will to seriously tackle 64
thousand deaths opioid related deaths in
2016 about the same as all of our recent
wars including Vietnam combined and you
know but the statistics tell only part
of the story and and we felt it was
urgent to not only devote a full issue
to it but we asked the photographer Jim
Nachtwey to help to show us the human
suffering the human story individuals
one by one through this issue and
through this package that I think and we
hope you know bring the story to full
attention and full focus kara what will
readers see when they when they get the
magazine they'll see a magazine devoted
literally corner-to-corner on this topic
and Jim Jim nachtweh the photographer
who's been working for over three
decades all over the world he's really
one of the most important photographers
of the century we he is the voice of the
whole issue and including the pictures
we've we've interviewed over 200 people
so we really have it in there first
person and you know Jim has brought
a humanity to not only the first
responders but to also the people the
attics the parents we've gone to cities
from San Francisco to Boston we've gone
to New Mexico West Virginia Kentucky all
over the country and we've spent the
last year really documenting this Paul
you're on you weren't you were on site
yeah though it's tell me how how did
this assignment how did it impact you
how did this story affect you personally
sure I think after being on the ground
for months with Jim nachtweh and
following in his footsteps I think we
just wanted to tell a very human story
and we're looking at very hard
situations these are very vulnerable
people in states of chaotic addiction
and I think we wanted to add a lot of
dimension to what they're going through
and the pain they're going through at
that time I think you're looking at some
pictures there's an image of a woman
under a truck in the freezing cold
trying to to use drugs and at this point
the drugs are have totally taken over
and you're seeing you know young young
people out on the streets and you're
talking to them about their lives and
you realize they're their mothers are
out there checking in on them at night
and then this one subject Billy I ended
up going to his mother's house after
spending a couple of days with him and
then you're hearing the stories about
parents coping and what that's like for
them what it's like to come out as a
parent that your kid is out there
homeless doing IV drugs and how do you
how do you hold on to hope what gives
you hope is it that your child is still
alive and he just has another chance
there are just incredible incredible
stories of parents who are just kind of
coming out at this point
who felt it felt very just emboldened at
this moment that they needed to say
something and and and that's what we
wanted to I think get across with the
photographs that Jim was making and
Edward I think what what what this is
you will capture but it's part of the
story that's so important is not only
the victims of this crisis but the
ravaging of families across this country
absolute the the other part of the story
absolutely I think one of the really for
me powerful aspects of the story is the
way we come back to characters that Paul
and Jim met in their travels you meet
them you meet the counselors who are
helping them you meet the jailers who
are jailing them you meet their families
who are struggling and hope hoping with
them and I think another really searing
aspect of this is and we hear this Paul
heard this from so many of the first
responders in particular is the sameness
of their work that we we meet a sheriff
in in Ohio who visits the same person in
trouble eight times over a two-week
period and and point ears we have to
change that we had eric bolling on last
week i think or the week before who lost
his son mica I've had friends who have
lost their children from this we all
know people it's touched us all every
County and unfortunately it's just
growing the lines going straight up why
we're really glad you did this times
latest issue is thank you Kiera Pollack
Paul Mowgli thank you very much thank
you
up next he said it better than we ever
could we'll reflect on what the father
of a school shooting victim told us just
moments ago that's next time Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
