welcome back as we said The Wall Street
Journal is reporting the FBI's Cavanagh
probe could wrap up any minute now
joined now by Illinois Democratic
senator dick durbin second
highest-ranking Senate Democrat and a
member of the Judiciary Committee
Senator Durbin as always sir thanks for
coming up do with you well we have a
couple of new pieces of news we've heard
from dr. Ford's lawyer they're not happy
that the FBI apparently right now has
ruled ruled out the need to interview
dr. Ford they're interviewing the all
the names that they have provided the
FBI but not dr. Ford do you think it's
necessary to interview dr. Ford to have
an idea of what happened or do you
believe as the White House says her
testimony in front of you in a public
forum was good enough I certainly think
that she should be included in an FBI
interview she has volunteered to do this
she testified under oath and said she
was prepared for an FBI interview
certainly they should ask about any
loose ends any questions based on what
she's told us that's just due diligence
but I think at the heart of it is what
the White House has said as long as they
can keep dr. Ford off the witness list
for the FBI then they can credibly say
and there's no point in going back to
Judge Cavanaugh his further interview at
this point I think is essential what are
we debating about judge Cavanaugh are we
debating about his fitness to serve are
we debating his ideology you were
already opposed to him before the
character questions arose so what are we
debating I can tell you it's a question
now credibility temperament demeanor and
whether or not this man should be given
a lifetime appointment to the highest
court in the land there are many people
who could serve in that capacity he's
not the only one
if serious questions were raised about
his credibility whether he's told the
truth to the American people
he shouldn't be serving on this Court
what could what could make you feel more
comfortable seeing him confirmed even if
you're a no vote I'd like to know that
the FBI would report back to us no
strings attached we made the decision we
had the allegations
to Ford from Ramirez from sweat Nick we
followed them as we would any type of an
investigation our hands weren't tied and
we came up with the following
information read it for yourself members
of the Senate and you can reach your
conclusion with that kind of a
background I would think it had more
credibility but if this is some hurry up
and get it done limit the number of
witnesses we don't have time to spend
another day on it we have to vote before
Friday or Saturday then a lot of us are
going to be disappointed what is the
what is your sense of how many Senate
Democrats are still actually undecided
on judge Cavanaugh I would say there are
probably two that have not announced
what they're going to do maybe it's only
one at this point but it really it comes
down to this if the three Republicans
who are the center of attention as they
should be at this point undecided should
decide to move in a direction of voting
against judge Cavanaugh I think the
Democrats will be united as well against
T should this FBI report be made public
it seems like there's actually some
disagreement among Senate even Senate
Democrats on the Judiciary Committee
about whether the whether the report
should be public or whether having you
guys get a look at it is enough well
historically it's been kept confidential
I understand I've read quite a few of
them over the years involving judicial
nominees in particularly the suggestions
been made by Senator Schumer the perhaps
it can be redacted so the American
people would get a better idea of what
was found during the course of this
investigation I don't know if that's
possible or even legal I'm certainly for
as much transparency as possible what
role should public opinion play in
deciding judge Cavanaugh state well it's
a factor but it shouldn't be the
deciding factor the deciding factor
ought to be the facts and the truth we
ought to get to the point where we
believe we honestly can make a choice
between the sworn testimony of dr. Ford
and the sworn testimony of judge
Kavanaugh clearly at this point they are
in direct contradiction what do you say
to you by the reason I'm asking this is
that it does depend on where you live on
how you feel about the judge
having a situation you look at the
constituents of senators high camp and
mansion and you've got large majorities
that are in favor of judge Kavanagh
would you understand if those senators
said you know what I'm here to represent
my constituents at the end of the day
listen I would totally understand that
Chuck but I want to tell you something
having spoken to my colleagues many of
them have said they are going to vote
their conscience on this this is a
historic choice if it's not popular at
home and they have to pay a price for it
they're prepared to do it I think that's
part of the oath of office we take to
stand up and do what we think is right
even if it's politically unpopular it's
my understanding senator schumer brought
up the idea that if democrats went back
to Senate you'd talk about restoring the
filibuster you have expressed support
when I've asked you about it as you
potentially be supportive of bringing it
back is there enough support in the
Democratic side of the aisle to bring it
back I've gotten a sense that there
might not be well there are mixed
feelings because of what we went through
with Merrick garland when a vacancy on
the Supreme Court Antonin Scalia's
vacancy was kept open for ten months
plus so they could literally Senator
McConnell could literally engineer Neal
corsets into that vacancy giving them at
a numeric advantage on the Supreme Court
so I'd like to see us get back to 60 it
may be a decision the procedure that has
to be delayed a few years so that no
side thinks they're gaining it to the
disadvantage of the other side but I
think we ought to get back to 60 so
we're going to get more bipartisan
candidates you understand why your
colleagues on the other side of the
aisle believe everything you that that
all the different ways that Democrats
have complained about judge Kavanagh
have been essentially an attempt to
delay delay delay in order to get to the
election that they don't think that
you're operating on a fair playing field
but that this you're not really caring
about character you just want to delay
do you understand when they think that
no and I'll tell you why because they
don't really believe it they know as
well as you and I and
we don't have the votes we're in the
minority the only thing that brought
this hearing together last Thursday was
the demand of Jeff Flake a Republican
supported by the Democrats of course but
his demand led to that hearing the only
thing that led to the FBI investigation
was the demand of Jeff Flake together
with Senators Murkowski and Collins for
an FBI investigation we don't have the
votes to make it happen we have not
delayed this it has been a common effort
by some Republicans and Democrats to get
to the bottom of a critically important
issue about this nomination the judge
Cavanagh news is sort of like this
eclipse that blocks out the Sun and and
no other news can break through but
there was an inspector general report at
the Department of Homeland Security that
talked about that the Trump
administration just wasn't ready for
their decision to separate children from
parents how to execute this plan
struggling to get to reunite they just
didn't have the manpower let me ask you
this I know where you are politically on
this issue what can the United States
Congress do to at least fix this
situation first we take care of the
hundred and thirty six children
separated from their parents under
President Trump zero tolerance policy
and you reunite them with their parents
immediately 136 of them some of them
have been separated from their parents
for seven or eight months I can tell you
I went into an immigration court in
Chicago and saw a four year old boy who
was before the court that day I now know
the full story his mother calls him
periodically the poor kid will not talk
to her
he no longer as eating he's refusing to
eat and he's back in diapers at age four
this is a devastating experience for
this little boy and it's our government
policy that led to it take care of the
kids first all right senator durbin I'd
love to go more into there I got
unfortunately a lot trying to get on my
plate but it's again Judge Cavanaugh's
blotting out the Sun these days but
that's a story I think a lot of us need
to pay him a lot more attention to
Senator Durbin thanks for your time as
always sir thanks charlie hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning in the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
