our buns the factor a bunting a party
what you're asking about is the assault
weapons ban yes sir
so let me be honest with you about that
one if I believe that that law would
have prevented this from happening I
would support it but I want to explain
to you why
senator Rubio my daughter running down
the hallway at Marjorie Stephen Douglas
were shot in the back yes with an
assault weapon the weapon of choice yes
okay it is too easy to get it is a
weapon of war the fact that you can't
scan with everybody in this building and
say that I'm sorry sir the man you just
heard from is Fred Guttenberg his
daughter Jaime was murdered last week in
her school in Florida along with 13
other students and three educators last
night that grieving father demanded
action echoing the emotional calls we
heard yesterday across the country from
the halls of state capitals to inside
the White House to the very high schools
where the violence is so often
perpetrated we are gonna speak with Fred
Gutenberg here this morning but first
thought I'd read from the closing lines
of his eulogy that he was forced to
deliver for his fourteen-year-old girl
he referenced the presidents weekend
tweet where he linked the Florida
shooting to the Russian investigation
and Fred writes in part this and said
this at her funeral I need to say one
more thing I heard about presidential
tweets this morning linking my baby's
death to the Russia probe the FBI made a
tragic mistake and it needs to be dealt
with but I have not even heard from you
you were not going through what my wife
and I are going through and you do not
have my permission to pull my daughter's
death into the Russia probe what
happened here in Parkland has nothing to
do with it and it needs to be dealt with
in a non-political way and one that
accurately deals with the issue of gun
violence so that we can send our
children to school you do have my
permission if you would like to join me
in this fight for public safety and all
that it includes such as mental health
which we agree on and the weapon of
choice which happens to be guns that was
the end of his eulogy with a sunset here
in Washington we have MS
BC political analyst and former chairman
of the Republican National Committee
michael steele republican communications
strategist and MSNBC political
contributor Rick Tyler an NBC News
Capitol Hill correspondent and host of
KCG C on MSNBC Casey hunt yesterday was
a remarkable day I think regardless of
whatever side you were on
the New York Post again Rupert Murdoch's
New York Post plea from the students to
the President of the United States but
also it seems a plea from the New York
Post an iconic cover reminds me of a
cover
we saw Ford to New York City drop dead
this is you know here's a daily news and
we're holding these New York papers up
these are the newspapers that Donald
Trump reads in the morning along with
the New York Times and he spoke about
background check he spoke about mental
illness he spoke about arming teachers
but he never mentioned a word about the
300 million guns flooding our streets
wonder why and there is if you're
driving in the car there's a picture of
the president with tape over his mouth
with the NRA logo over his mouth I do
want to say a couple of things such as
off the top very quickly and then let's
get to the sound first of all and I
haven't said this very often since the
president was sworn in but thank you mr.
president for for what you did yesterday
and letting these people speak most that
hold events like that have it staged
I thought the ideas that many had were
good I arming teachers is a genuinely
bad idea even police officers with the
best training panic we see that in one
tragic dashcam video after another
we know that where there are more states
with guns there are more gun deaths if
there are more guns in schools there
will be more gun deaths people without
adequate training will make terrible
mistakes or be gun accidents so despite
that I thought it was remarkable and
what happened last night on CNN you know
I'm so torn by that Mika it's I there I
I don't I don't think booing and and and
chatting and interrupting and shouting
down people who are trying to speak is a
way to encourage dialogue and yet we had
a grieving community there many people
who lost their children if I lost my
children and it's just like Newtown
profoundly affected me because I not
only live close to Newtown but have
children that were around that age well
I have children around the age of those
who died here so you can't judge the
parents you can't judge the people in
the audience you know you heard Marco
Rubio speaking I was I was so bothered
by the fact that he continued to give
the same old Pat answers but Marco Rubio
showed up it did show up he stood in the
fire he stood face to face again I hated
his answers but he stood face to face
with a father who lost his 14-year long
he stood face to face with students who
lost their friends he had the courage to
be there which is so much more than you
can say for Rick Scott so it's really
hard to process all this I do know this
though if we're going to have a real
conversation about this then we've we've
got to figure out how to do it without
shouting with at each other
the NRA if they want to be positive they
have to figure out a way to do it
without running ads and videos that
incite violence
against people that actually support the
Second Amendment but may not line up
with a moderate percent of the time but
again the president allowed the dialogue
people were talking about notes that he
was holding guess what I don't care what
notes he was holding what I care about
is that there was a conversation an
attempt to show empathy and attempt to
hear and we have to applaud that I think
what happened with Marco Rubio was not
not outside what is needed at this point
he needs to hear from the people of
Florida they disagree with him at some
point maybe Marco Rubio will understand
that this is a 97% issue maybe
background checks are I mean background
checks are a 97% issue it does get and
again I've been very clear about where I
feel about you know sell the the
proliferation of ar-15s and background
checks and bumps on but this is a very
complicated issue I know it is we have
too many guns on the street I understand
that we also have to understand though
that how many how many warnings did
local police miss here 39 how many times
where local police called to this kid's
house again there's enough blame to go
around for all of us we need to sit and
talk and figure this out and again
something mica let's let's go yeah to
the tape but something again that I
don't usually say that I have not said
since January 20th 2017 yesterday it was
the White House who got it right by
listening and allowing an open and free
and fair dialogue thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
