yesterday when the White House press
secretary was pressed by a Fox News
reporter who repeatedly asked if
President Trump had any ideas of his own
about how to reduce gun violence and
make American school safer the press
secretary had no answer and when the
press secretary was asked yesterday if
the president favors former House
Speaker Newt Gingrich his idea to have
six or eight armed teachers in every
school in America to engage in gun
battles with school shooters the press
secretary said she had no idea she said
she's never discussed that with the
president well now we know the answer to
that question Scholl concealed carry and
it's it only works where you have people
very adept at using firearms of which
you have many and it would be teachers
and coaches if the coach had a firearm
in his locker when he ran at this guy
that coach was very brave
saved a lot of lives I suspect but if he
had a firearm he wouldn't had a run he
would have shot and that would have been
the end of it that would have been the
end of it that's Donald Trump's
imagining of what might have been if one
of the coaches at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School had a gun last week
a handgun when the bullets started
flying if he had a firearm he wouldn't
have to run he would have shot and that
would have been the end we don't know
which coach Donald Trump was talking
about because he obviously does not know
the names of the three school personnel
and the 14 students who were murdered
last week those names were not on the
short list of talking points that the
president held in his hand during that
meeting the president might be talking
about Aaron Feist who was an assistant
football coach he ran toward the sound
of the gunfire his wife and daughter
will bury him tomorrow
Aaron Feist was 37 years old or the
president might have been talking about
Christopher Hickson the athletic
director and wrestling coach he was
patrolling the school as a security
guard when the shooting started his
funeral was today
Christopher Hickson leaves behind his
wife and four children
Christopher Hickson was 49 years old or
the president could have been talking
about 35 year old Scott beagle he was a
geography
teacher and track coach he followed the
school security protocol and stayed at
his classroom protecting his students
and that's where he was killed and
several of his students said that Scott
beagle personally saved their lives if
he only had a gun that's what the
president thinks if one of those coaches
had a gun the President believes he
would have fired that gun and that would
have been the end of it that's the way
this fantasy war game plays out for
everyone who thinks it's a good idea to
give school teachers an extra job an
extra job that no one has suggested
they'd be paid for the job of police
officer the people who suggest who
suggest that all ignore that there was a
police officer at the school and it's a
very big high school with multiple
buildings over 3,000 students and a
police officer assigned to the school
every day and that police officer did
his best but it didn't turn out to be as
easy as Donald Trump imagines the police
officer has to find the shooter
the police officers hearing has to be
perfect has to tell him exactly where
the bullets are coming from he can't be
faked out by echoes of firearm blasts he
has to instantly know exactly where the
shots are coming from he has to go right
to that spot where the shots are coming
from and then stand there and aim his
handgun at the shooter with the assault
weapon and then just kill the shooter
and Donald Trump's world's to do that
the teacher the police officer with the
gun has to be very very lucky the
shooter would have to allow him to do it
the shooter would have to decide not to
fire his assault weapon at the teacher
with the gun or the teacher would have
to be lucky enough to come up behind the
shooter with the assault weapon and the
teacher would have to be lucky enough
that there's absolutely no one else in
their space that the shooter and the
teacher are alone in a hallway or a
classroom so that when the teacher fires
his handgun the only possible person hit
is the shooter there can't be dozens of
students huddled on the floor behind the
shooter or dozens of students or
teachers running away from
the shooter because all of them could be
hit by the teachers bullets Simple Minds
always imagine the ideal scenario for
their imagined hero to take down a
suicidal shooter with an assault weapon
and high-capacity magazines moving
through hallways in a school of course
Donald Trump isn't naive enough to think
that any teacher could handle this job
of being the secret campus cop who
always has the concealed handgun ready
to go against the assault weapon this
would only be obviously for people that
are very adept at handling a gun and it
would be it's called concealed carry
where a teacher would have a concealed
gun on them they'd go for special
training so teacher training would not
be enough for these teachers they would
have to go for special firearms training
Donald Trump and Republicans in
government would be unwilling to pay for
that training president Trump's own
budget cuts money for school security
Republicans cut the overall funding of
the United States government by a
trillion and a half dollars with their
tax cuts they didn't leave any money for
training teachers to use firearms in
shootouts with mass murderers who have
assault weapons and that is a very
complex form of firearms training that
is not going to a firing range and
aiming at the classic hanging stationary
target that is more specialized than the
firearms training that most police
officers in America actually get now
let's just assume that the teacher with
a gun gets exactly the same amount of
training as the police officer with the
gun and let's remember that's taking
time away from the rest of that teachers
duties as a teacher to do that firearms
training but let's just assume that that
happens that we train teachers with
firearms just as much as we train police
officers here's something that Donald
Trump doesn't know most bullets fired by
trained police officers miss their
targets most of the time and they missed
their targets by wide margins for many
reasons but mostly because the
target isn't cooperating with being shot
the target isn't stationary the target
is moving and there is no form of
training that duplicates the human
experience of going up against a real
assault weapon that has already blown
off the faces and the arms and the legs
of children who are alive just minutes
ago there is no form of training that
duplicates the emotional psychological
experience that a teacher would go
through when going against an assault
weapon that has already killed his
students and is now aimed at the teacher
who is armed with a handgun teachers are
not going to be more accurate in their
use of handguns than trained police
officers our teachers would miss the
target probably more often than police
officers do teachers would miss their
target most of the time just like police
officers and what would teachers hit
Donald Trump would put teachers in the
position of firing a handgun under
unimaginable pressure and possibly
killing one or more of their own
students in the process by mistake and
then would come the aftermath that the
police departments are very familiar
with the wrongful death lawsuits state
local governments pay out hundreds of
millions of dollars a year as
compensation for bad shootings by
trained police officers hundreds of
millions of dollars the federal
government doesn't cover one penny of
that Donald Trump's government is not
going to cover one penny of any
settlement involving a teacher
mistakenly tragically shooting a student
wounding a student or killing a student
or several students teachers will not be
able to buy insurance policies that
protect them from those risks no
insurance company would ever take that
business Donald Trump doesn't know who
teachers are he doesn't know what they
actually do he's never been a teacher
he's not related to a teacher it's not
the type of work that his kids would
ever be drawn to by all reports he paid
no attention at all to his own kids
education Donald Trump does not know
that
76% of Americans schoolteachers are
female 76% some schools have a hundred
percent female teaching staff Donald
Trump's imagines that every school has a
bunch of big strong brave coaches like
Aaron fights
Christopher Hickson Scott beagle and
they're all eager to conceal a handgun
so they can take on the next school
shooter with an ar-15 here's how many
teachers Donald Trump thinks should go
to work tomorrow carrying a handgun so
let's say you had 20% of your teaching
force because that's pretty much the
number okay
20% that's 700,000 teachers in America
who need to go to school tomorrow with a
concealed handgun because according to
Donald Trump all they have to do is
shoot the guy because it's always a guy
with the assault weapon and that would
be the end of it Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School has about 140
teachers coaches administrators so that
means 28 of them would have to show up
to work every day carrying their
concealed handguns 28 of them would have
to be ready to run toward the sound of
the assault weapon and of course each
one of those 28 teachers with their
handguns would have to always know the
exact movements of the other 27 teachers
with their handguns so that they don't
fire in such a way that they could shoot
each other they would have to know where
each of those 28 handguns are every
second so that students don't get caught
in the crossfire of those 28 handguns
that Donald Trump imagines could have
been fired at that shooter last week
usually when police officers respond to
shooting incidents like this they don't
immediately run into the building and
run toward the sound of the assault
weapon they coordinate they have radio
communication they try not to make a
move about knowing what every other
armed police officer is doing without
knowing where every other armed police
officer is they were body armor and even
when covered in body armor sometimes
they don't immediately confront the
shooter
and you're not gonna want to be the
teacher in the school running around
with a handgun when the SWAT team enters
that school looking for the mass
murderer there is a very real risk that
teachers with the handguns would be shot
by the SWAT team who don't know that
those teachers are the good guys the
president obviously doesn't know what
he's talking about
he didn't meet with some survivors and
parents of victims of school shootings
today to find a solution to America's
mass murder epidemic he went into that
room in the White House with simplistic
talking points written for him by White
House staff and he echoed those talking
points the idea of teachers carrying
guns was just another political
smokescreen from another politician who
wants to continue to make sure that
American mass murderers can continue to
very easily obtain assault weapons and
super-sized magazines and unlimited
amounts of ammunition Donald Trump wants
to use the idea of teachers with guns as
a solution a real solution to the
problem of school shooters so that there
would be no need to ban assault weapons
now the teachers have guns the president
didn't say one word about assault
weapons today and that is the issue for
most of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas
students who have been stepping up to
microphones including Sam Zeff who was
at that meeting with the president today
I don't understand why I could still go
in a store and buy a weapon of war an AR
I was reading today that a person 20
years old walked into a store and bought
an ar-15 in five minutes with an expired
ID how is it that easy to buy this type
of weapon how do we not stop this
have to Columbine after City I'm sitting
with a mother that lost her son it's
still happening in Australia there was a
shooting at a school in 1999 you know
after that they took a lot of ideas they
put legislation together and they
stopped it can anyone here guess how
many shootings there have been in two
schools since then in Australia zero we
need to do something and that's why
we're here
Fox News doesn't cover what happened in
Australia so that's probably the very
first time that Donald Trump heard that
even some people who own ar-15s have
changed their minds this week about
those weapons there are YouTube videos
now of owners of ar-15s destroying them
cutting them in half and saying proudly
now we have one less ar-15 that's what
the massacre in Florida did to them to
change their minds but not one
Republican has changed his or her
position on assault weapons not one
politician who takes money from the NRA
like Florida Senator Marco Rubio has
changed his or her opinion on assault
weapons Mike Pence and Donald Trump
sitting in that room today with
survivors and families of victims have
not changed their position on assault
weapons and the only idea that Donald
Trump offered today was what to do
when the assault weapon shows up at your
school as it inevitably will as long as
Donald Trump and the NRA get their way
and assault weapons continue to be so
easy to get that most of our mass
murderers walk into a store and buy them
legally and then fill up their magazines
and start ripping apart the faces and
bodies of children in our schools Donald
Trump's solution is to do absolutely
nothing to keep the assault weapon out
of the school
to keep the assault weapon out of the
hands of the mass murderer who can pass
a background check which of course is
most of them his solution is to put a
much weaker in inaccurate handgun into
the hands of the teachers who he thinks
can just stand there and shoot the mass
murderer and that will be the end of it
Donald Trump and every other politician
who take money from the NRA is going to
make sure that the mass murderers that
enter our schools will still be the
best-equipped mass murderers in the
world they will still be able to get
assault weapons super-sized magazines
and unlimited amounts of ammunition but
weapons of war will continue to come
into our schools because Donald Trump
and Republican politicians refuse to
restore the assault weapons ban that for
ten years in this country actually did
reduce mass shootings in America hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
