so we have some breaking news to report
this morning the Reverend Billy Graham
has died at the age of 99 that is
confirmed to NBC News by church sources
Billy Graham dead at the age of 99 it's
really it is hard to to over state the
importance of Billy Graham and his
significance in American culture over
the past 50 60 70 years I often said
among evangelical Christians in America
certainly among my family and in the
deep south Billy Graham was our Pope he
he was an extraordinary man he had a
ministry that went across across the
world and much to the criticism of some
people on the hard right he even took
his message to the Soviet Union we were
talking before about the crown I think
one of the fascinating things about the
crown was that he had a long time
positive relationship with with Queen
Elizabeth but I can tell you growing up
in my household and certainly and my
grandmom's household Billy Graham
Crusades were the biggest thing that
came to town and you would sit and you
would watch and there would be just tens
of thousands of people filling up not
auditoriums but football stadiums and
you'd have a lot of people Johnny koe
there is Johnny Cash or other stars who
had come up and talked about it and I
will say unlike a lot of evangelical
leaders in 2018 while Billy Graham made
mistakes and getting too close to some
presidents and some politicians he
always admitted those mistakes and he
there was always a humility to him and
David Ignatius I suspect you and I are
probably the only people on this set old
enough to remember Micah's 25 right and
caddy
but we are we are probably the only
people that could remember that when
Billy Graham came on the television set
in the 1960 in the midst of cultural
upheaval the the likes of which we've
never seen in our country's history for
a lot of people everything stopped and
they watch this man they listen to this
man talk about Jesus in the most
tumultuous times he made himself a
pastor to America he had a quiet
dignified style he wasn't a shouter but
he was he was passionate I was always
struck by the way in which he often
humbly would have would meet with
presidents and try to be a counselor who
could a president talk to about what
he's going through and as you say Billy
Graham sometimes may have gone too far
in that but he was he made himself
available and there's a this deep well
of Protestant passion in America is part
of what made our country and he was able
to I think to adapt that and give it a
his own special hoist in the 60s and 70s
so a figure who as you say from the time
that you and I grew up really shaped the
country an absolute giant you can look
at Billy Graham William F Buckley Jr and
several others who caddy K were really
the voices of the counterculture the
voices we were talking again the Queen
much like the Queen has been the rock
has been the steadying force in Britain
through these years Billy Graham for a
very long time was exactly that here we
were talking earlier about the young
people now who are angry and who are
making their voices heard in this
country and in a way I was thinking when
you were saying that we haven't seen
that in this country since the 1960s
that was the last time we saw an angry
youth making their voices heard and that
time is when Billy Graham was there and
he he i think in those in those very
first big evangelical audiences and
meetings was trying to harness that for
positive let's see if there's somebody
who can
do that today I wonder who fills a role
like that today it's kind of a strange
time for the evangelical community yeah
well I say that very carefully do some
voice well I can say as an evangelical
and and all you have to do is see what
people like Eric Erickson are saying in
others it is a it's a depressing time
yeah
four people have grown up in the
evangelical community but Billy Graham
was always a positive force and he would
talk to Republicans fatally flawed
Republicans he would talk to fatally
flawed Democratic presidents like I said
he would go to the Soviet Union and
again he faced such a barrage of
criticism when he went to the Soviet
Union when he went behind the Iron
Curtain and his humble reply was don't
Russians have a right to hear about
Jesus too
and the the the number of people that he
talked to and that he touched and he
witnessed to over the decades is nothing
short of extraordinary Billy Graham won
an interview that always stuck with me
because Billy Graham was asked by Time
magazine and this is sort of I have no
idea why you remember this but I think
the interview must have been in like
1981 or 1982 and I remember they asked
him at the end of the interview through
your life and I guess who was in he was
moving through middle age then said of
everything you've seen what what is what
is the one trait of humanity that stands
out to you the most and he said actually
it's the brevity of life Wow and then he
went on to live till II was not another
nineteen thirty-five years exactly been
excited leading every moment you have to
cherish one during the first world war
about how that gives you a sense of
perspective again Church sources
confirming to NBC News that Billy Graham
has died at the age of 99 so our thanks
to our panel this morning politico's
Jake Sherman thank you very much
still Anton Morning Joe President Trump
is known to sway his policies based on
personal interactions so what might come
from his face-to-face meetings today
with students parents and teachers
affected by mass shootings we're gonna
go live to the White House next on
Morning Joe I would much rather come
back to my little mountain retreat and
just live there I'll take a small Church
and be the pastor of a small flock of
people that would be the height of my
personal ambition but I know that God
has sent me out as a warrior on the five
continents to preach the gospel and I
must continue until he gives the signal
that I'm to stop thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
