well if you take Mitch McConnel letters
where the FBI has just a handful of days
left until the Senate's deadline to
submit a report on the expanded probe
into this man the Serbian Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh there have been
accusations by Senate Democrats that the
White House is guiding the FBI in an
investigation that's actually a
background check while the president
claims agents have free rein within
reason so let's look at who is being
interviewed and who's not the White
House originally directed the FBI to
interview these three people about
professor Christine Blasi Ford's
allegations the first to mark judge and
Patrick PJ Smith were friends of
Kavanagh Cavanaugh's that Ford
identified as being at the gathering
when she was allegedly assaulted as of
this morning judge has completed his
interview with the FBI the third person
is Leland Keyser professor Ford's friend
who also is alleged to have been at the
house when the assault took place
all right Senate Judiciary Committee
Democrats want Kavanagh and Ford
interviewed along with four other boys
identified on Calvin Calvin as calendars
being at that July first gathering with
Kavanagh mark judge and Smith Democrats
are also seeking FBI interviews from
Jeremiah Hannifin the man who
administered professor Ford's polygraph
as well as Ford's husband and her three
friends all of whom signed declarations
that she discussed this assault with
them between 2012 and 2017 well before
Cavanaugh's nomination as for the
allegation from his freshman year at
college the White House directed the FBI
to only interview the accuser Deborah
Ramirez she spoke to agents on Sunday
but Democrats are also urging agents to
interview others both Ramirez and
Kavanagh at Kavanagh's roommates with
the time both commented on Cavanaugh's
heavy drinking and three more classmates
who say they either heard about the
incident discussed Cavanaugh's behavior
in general or witnessed Cavanaugh's
drinking habits and there are five other
Yale classmates of Cavanaugh's and
Ramirez is not on the list the New York
Times points out the two of them Charles
Ludington and Daniel LaVon say they saw
Kavanagh extremely intoxicated to the
point of disorientation and three others
who say they never
him get excessively drunk and this is
where the problem lies there are a bunch
of witnesses and they have different
things to say and we're not a hundred
percent sure who the FBI is or is not
interviewing this problem also lies with
the fact that this is an unforced error
on Thursday Judge Berg Cavanaugh brought
this upon himself and that's why people
sort of started to talk about his his
drinking or not how we this whole how
could I possibly have been a partier I
was just a great student who loved faith
and basketball and you know what maybe
it was more than that which it was more
than four loads of college and high
school students the issue is why wasn't
he straightforward about it joining us
now NBC News national political reporter
who has got some really important stuff
I want you to pay attention to this
story our colleague Heidi principal and
former US Attorney Barbara McQuade and
with us former FBI Special Agent and
fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice
Michael German Heidi to you first you
have got some extraordinary reporting on
judge Cavanaugh
and in this Ramirez allegation which he
claimed he knew nothing about until the
New Yorker piece came out what was it
September 23rd correct and to add to
your narrative there about people not
being interviewed add my source the
woman whose text messages I obtained to
that list she is a mutual friend of
Debbie Ramirez and was familiar with
Brett Kavanaugh but the information that
she has she says should be looked at by
the FBI and at this hour is not she's
made several attempts to reach the FBI
to send them her memo to get some kind
of a response and she's not so what if
she was what so she has text messages
with the wife of one of the men who was
allegedly a witness to the incident who
may have been egging on Brett Kavanaugh
during the incident and these text
messages show she says that Brett
Kavanaugh or his team she calls him by
his name Brett was doing things behind
the scenes in the advance of the New
York New Yorker article now it's
important to say stuff we don't know
specifically when Brett Kavanaugh became
aware of the New Yorker article and if
this was just like a last minute effort
to try and quash the article or if his
knowledge of Debbie ramirez's
allegations
well predates the New Yorker article
that is why Carrie Bertram who is the
woman whose memo I obtained wants the
FBI to look into this secondly her text
messages with the wife of one of the men
who may have witnessed this incident she
says they were all at a wedding together
about 10 years after the incident and
she calls her friend out and she says
you know I noticed that Debbie was
really uncomfortable during the wedding
and she was clinging to me even though
she was friends with you guys so now it
all makes sense to me she was avoiding
Brett she was she was acting weird and
now it makes sense to me and then she
also kind of calls her friend out for
allowing herself to be used as an
anonymous source basically negating
Debbie's claims and the woman her friend
replies back to her and says I never
said that I just said I didn't know and
so kind of walking back what was in that
statement from The New Yorker so all of
this stuff just to not lose the main
point here is that there are more people
who are I would say desperately trying
to get their information to the FBI to
bruton to be really that's just a weird
that final sentence is just a weird one
people are trying to desperately get
their information to the FBI in the case
of this woman you've interviewed there's
memo you have she sent it to the FBI
several times and she was then referred
to a field office where she was told
they don't do that they don't intake
that type of information
Ellie yesterday a former classmate from
Yale of Brett Cavanaugh has reached out
to me
you know anonymously but he said he
called the FBI himself in the last few
days to say it was only one incident but
on one specific incident while at Yale
he saw Brett Kavanaugh belligerent drunk
so irrelevant of how many people the FBI
is reaching out to we know are for a
fact there are Yale students calling
them saying his story clean-cut ah not
true so Michael just let's talk about
this but maybe there are restrictions or
whatever the case is on the FBI it
sounds like the White House has said
interview whomever you need to as long
as you do it within the week it would
strike me as odd that the FBI is not
able to take or redirect certain
information is that unusual to you quite
unusual and quite troubling
the things that has waged my concerns
about the short time period was I
assumed that over the last eight weeks
as this has been the top of the news
that the FBI was receiving all kinds of
allegations and perhaps not chasing them
to ground but at least having a roadmap
for where this week-long investigation
could go so to hear that they're
actually turning people away and not
accepting their statements is hard for
me to believe I mean the FBI is in the
information business right right they
take they take anything from anyone much
less somebody talking about a a sitting
federal judge somebody talking about
somebody who has made repeated
statements in in sworn hearings and
confirmation hearings so that part of it
is is very strange to me and
particularly that we're having so many
witnesses come forward saying that the
FBI would either redirect them or simply
not take their statement suggest that
the FBI itself is not necessarily
handling this the way they would a
normal investigation Barbara let's just
talk about what Heidi's talking about
that that maybe Brett Kavanaugh knew
about this New Yorker article and is
trying to derail it or do whatever the
case is there are a lot of critics
particularly conservative critics who
say now everybody's going after Brett
Kavanaugh were things that aren't about
a sexual assault but about things that
he may not be all that forthcoming about
what in your mind as a as a former US
Attorney stands out if Brett Kavanaugh
was texting people ahead of the
publication of this New Yorker article
maybe he knew it was coming out or that
they were they were looking into it to
try to get people to corroborate his
story or not corroborate Deborah
Ramirez's story what does that mean to
you well it depends on the facts one
thing that would be impermissible would
be if he was trying to reach out to
friends to get them to falsely deny that
this happened if he were to do that
that could constitute a crime of
obstruction of justice obstructing a
matter before Congress can be considered
obstruction of justice that would be the
worst case scenario
I don't think the facts yet get us there
we don't know that that's the case it
may simply be that he was trying to
encourage them that to tell what he
remembers is the truth remember this is
how it happened we've got pictures we
were friends
you need to help support that story and
refute these false allegations that's a
different matter there's two problems
with that there one is that candidates
are often told don't work on your own
investigation you know a person who
represents himself has a fool for a
client let us the professionals at the
White House and the Justice Department
take care of your background in dealing
with all those things involving himself
as a mistake the other thing is by
opening the door by refuting that he was
a blackout drunk and all of these other
things I think he has put his
credibility on the line and so even if
you wouldn't charge in with a crime for
lying about these things I think he goes
to his integrity as an officer of the
court and the biggest problem with
integrity when you are have a background
clearances it leaves you open to
blackmail if there are people who know
the truth that he's trying to keep
secret
then that could leave him vulnerable to
blackmail which is not a position you
want to be in for someone who has a top
secret security clearance as judges do
Michael it's hard to say any group of
politicians or any one politician is the
good guy but clearly politics are being
played in all of that it's the FBI's job
to separate things
can the FBI get the amount of
information they need in the time frame
that's been put upon them we know Chuck
Schumer and others have already asked
for more time but then we do get into
getting dangerously close to the
midterms is a weak enough to get the job
done in normal circumstances I would say
where where it's very limited additional
inquiry you remember this person has
been through at least six background
investigations so there should have been
a wealth of information already
available
but the idea that that they were
required to go back to the White House
to ask to take the next step of the
investigation would obviously delay
their ability to move from one lead to
another very quickly and made made that
week long period much harder to meet
with any kind of integrity Barbara
Judiciary Committee Chairman chuck
Grassley says he doesn't expect the
FBI's report to be made public assess
that for us given that this entire
proceeding rightly or wrongly is now in
public
yeah we're in such an odd place because
ordinarily background investigate
are not done publicly but they're done
before the person usually even gets
nominated much less confirmed and so if
there is a problem they can be permitted
to kind of quietly go away and be told
well you made the shortlist but you
weren't the nominee instead what we have
is this very odd scenario where it's
been we've had the very public hearing a
demand for an FBI investigation and I
think there's going to be some desire
for accountability and transparency in
this so it would be very unusual
ordinarily that is not made public but I
think in this situation there's so much
public interest in what the FBI found
that I think it's gonna be very
difficult for them to keep it hidden
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
