breaking news pieces for you two
packages meant to be sent to the
Pentagon were intercepted by mail
screeners because of suspected poisoning
inside the CDC says the poison ricin can
be deadly and can cause respiratory
distress nausea or vomiting joining us
now from the Pentagon as NBC News
Courtney Kuby Cal Courtney what's the
story well so as you said they the FBI
now is in possession of two envelopes
that tested in we should we should point
out here in the very early field testing
they tested positive for some sort of
sort of poison potentially ricin we
should also point out you know and our
colleague Pete Williams who got a
statement from the FBI about this points
out that in fact these field tests are
not always 100% reliable what we know is
that these two envelopes made their way
into one of the mail processing
facilities here on the Pentagon
reservation on Monday yesterday they
were tested in this initial field
testing they popped positive and now the
FBI has them in possession we don't know
yet some of these critical questions
though war any civilians were any of the
employees they're exposed to any of this
poisonous anyone undergoing any kind of
testing any individuals and and of
course you know what do secondary and
then even potentially tertiary tests
show so we're at the very early stages
of this of this testing right now but
we'll keep you posted on anything else
that we hear here from the Pentagon
Courtney thanks very much for your
reporting Courtney hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
