The Wall Street Journal is reporting
this morning that president Trump quote
personally directed an effort in
February to stop stormy Daniels from
publicly describing an alleged sexual
encounter with him
that's according to people familiar with
the events the paper reports Trump
instructed Michael Cohen his then
attorney to seek a restraining order
against stormy Daniels through a
confidential arbitration proceeding this
reportedly took place shortly after
Trump and Cohen learn that Daniels was
considering going public about her
alleged relationship with Trump the
president reportedly said quote told
Cohen to coordinate the legal response
with Eric Trump one of the president's
sons and another outside lawyer who had
represented mr. Trump and the Trump
Organization in other matters
the journals report which has not yet
been confirmed by MSNBC goes on to note
that Eric Trump then directed a Trump
organization staff attorney to sign off
on the arbitration paperwork that's
according to their sources no claim of
Erick Trump's direct involvement in
efforts to silence Daniels has
previously been reported the journal
also notes that this new information
suggests the president's ties to his
company continued into this year and
contradict public statements made at the
time by the Trump Organization the White
House and mr. Cohen the Trump
Organization declined to comment for the
story in the White House referred
requests to the president's outside
counsel thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
