Democrats are willing to do anything and
to hurt anyone to get their way like
they're doing with judge Cavanaugh
they've been trying to destroy him since
the very first second he was announced
I'll tell you what they're trying to
destroy a very fine person and we can't
let it happen
we can't let again the rally was tonight
in Tennessee the president blaming
Democrats for the delay and Cavanaugh's
confirmation remember please it was a
Republican request for a timeout while
the FBI takes a week to reinvestigate
earlier in the day Trump wanting to talk
about trade was forced to defend his
Supreme Court selection from the White
House rose garden you know you look at
his life until this happened what a what
a change he's gone through what his
family's gone through the trauma for a
man that's never had any accusation any
he's never had a bad statement about him
well I've watched I watched him I was
surprised at how vocally was about the
fact that he likes beer and he's had a
little bit of difficulty you know what
happened to going back to high school
and they're saying he drank a lot one
evening in high school we you know I
tell you what I happen to know some
United States senators one who is on the
other side who's pretty aggressive I've
seen that person in very bad situations
look here's what I'm just saying I'm not
a drinker I can honestly say I never had
a beer in my life okay right it's one of
my only good traits I don't drink
whatever they're looking for something
that I said never had a glass of alcohol
I've never had alcohol I've just you
know for whatever reason can you imagine
if I had what a mess I'd be would I be
there I'd be the world's worst and then
there was this remarkable moment during
which in a brief flash having
misunderstood what she said the
president went after ABC News White
House correspondent cecilia Vega okay
question yeah go ahead
sure
she's shocked that a picture looks like
in a state of shock I'm not thanking me
that's okay I know you're not thinking
you never do I'm sorry no go ahead go
ahead with us to talk about what it is
we just witness there Phillip Rucker
Pulitzer Prize winning White House
bureau chief for the Washington Post and
Kimberly Adkins chief Washington
reporter for the Boston Herald Kim you
take the first swing at what it is we
just witnessed there I noted the White
House transcript of the presser changes
his reaction to I know you're not
thanking you never do when repeated
airings of this say to us that he was
saying I know you're not thinking you
never do what was that yeah well the
transcript is clearly a bit of
revisionist history because it seemed
pretty clear that he was insulting the
reporter in that moment in a moment
where his Supreme Court nominee is being
accused of mistreatment by women at a
moment where women are watching this
White House very carefully and at a
moment that women are receiving the
message that is coming from this
presidency I think it was pretty clear I
mean the president has an acrimonious
relationship with the press in general
and we all know that but I think what we
saw today in the way he spoke to in the
way he treated this reporter miss Vega
as well as another reporter Caitlin
Collins cries something else at a time
where you know I I have women leaving
voice messages and no other reporters do
expressing their displeasure about
what's going on in Washington all of the
time and we have midterms coming up so I
think that's a perilous approach for
this president as he's trying to defend
he had another person close to him or
that he's nominated or who was on his
team or he wants to be on his team who
is being accused of by women of
mistreatment Phil Rucker
a look at the numbers shows that this
nominee is support is slipping and
Cavanaugh is on
water in all cases we kind of put
together a sum of the poles this is Q
pack no 48
yes 42 should the Senate confirm the
next one is also Quinnipiac Blasi Ford
who do you believe most buy seven points
Blasi for Dover Cavanaugh and this was a
big one almost seven in ten Americans
support this reopening of the FBI
background check so perhaps fill its
numbers like this its coverage like
we've witnessed in the first twenty
eight minutes and thirty seconds of this
broadcast tonight that motivated what we
just watched yeah perhaps that might be
right Brian and this of course is a
political decision about whether to
confirm judge Kavanaugh but it's a
decision being made by realistically
three key senators three key Republican
senators who are on the bubble so to
speak jeff Flake susan collins and lisa
murkowski and i'm not sure that they're
going to be persuaded by the public
opinion surveys of the country at large
and one thing that they are thinking
about is just the intensity behind
Kavanaugh of the support for Kavanagh
within the Republican Party there's been
a real rallying cry and you've seen the
president try to play that up to
galvanize his supporters around
Cavanaugh in part by airing the
grievances of men we've talked a lot
about this me too movement propelling
enthusiasm among female voters for
female candidates on the Democratic side
but there's a reverse effect happening
within the Republican base a smaller
subset of course but within that base
we're where men are rallying to
Cavanaugh's defense and feeling like
they are being unfairly targeted by this
cultural reckoning we're going through
as a country and the President himself
is fueling it he's at the tip of the
spear hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
