if you live in America you may be
familiar with the Christian acronym WWJD
it stands for what would Jesus do
it's an often-used it's a call for
members of the Christian faith to make
morally righteous decisions now
Americana folk music sensation Jason
Isbell has spent the last few months
trying to answer that question in the
age of president Donald Trump in an
interview with The Guardian last month
Isabelle told reporters Jesus would not
have voted for Donald Trump no matter
what his pay was going to do as a result
of that his Bell is a four-time Grammy
winner whose music was recently featured
in the hit film a star is born he's also
a fixture of Nashville's country and
folk music scene fans of which tend to
lean more conservative now his bells
drawn the ire of conservative websites
like Breitbart and the Federalists for
his cultural apostasy but is bail is not
the type of person to back down from his
political convictions under pressure his
music is known for tackling complex
social justice issues including white
privilege and last year the Alabama
native was an outspoken supporter for
the campaign of Democratic senator Doug
Jones in his election against the
accused child molester Roy Moore in an
interview with The Daily Show's Trevor
Noah last year his bail took a stab at
explaining America's cultural divide
it's not Alabama that hates you really
it's like it's the people that live
there sometimes I get a lot of anger
directed toward me from my home state
and I think well it's not it's not the
mountains and rivers fault Alabama is a
beautiful place it's just there are
Alabama's they're all right now the folk
music singer has joined the ranks of pop
star Taylor Swift by endorsing the
Democratic Senate candidate in his
adopted home state of Tennessee when we
come back
NBC's Calipari has an exclusive
interview with Jason Isbell where he
explains why he's supporting Democrat
Phil Bredesen in Tennessee Senate
election and why he thinks bretons
opponent Republican Marsha Blackburn
could actually be worse for America than
Roy Moore that's next
with just 12 days left until the
midterms the race for US Senate in
Tennessee remains surprisingly close
until recently polling in that race
appeared to have been swinging away from
Democratic candidate Phil Bredesen and
in the direction of Republican Marsha
Blackburn but the latest poll out of
Tennessee shows the two candidates in a
virtual tie with Bredesen leading by one
point now they may have something to do
with the celebrity endorsements bredesen
has received from Nashville based
musicians like pop superstar Taylor
Swift and folk singer Jason Isbell NBC's
kau Perry just sat down for an extended
interview with one of those stars and he
joins me live now from Nashville
Tennessee hey Cal hey Ally this country
as you well know has such a rich history
of social commentary and activism in its
music especially when we're so
politically divided so here in Nashville
is true with Jason is well we had a
chance as you said to sit down with him
talk to him about why politics are
important to him but also why this race
in Tennessee is so important you are a
writer at a time which there's not a lot
of sites songwriting going on at least
in the mainstream yea the politics or I
should say the social commentary lend
itself to the music or the music lend
itself to social commentary how did that
I think it's all one thing for me
because the music that I grew up
listening to the people who influenced
the work that I do were never afraid to
talk about those kinds of things you
know Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen and
Joni Mitchell and Randy Newman and
Leonard Cohen you knew them in a lot of
ways when you listen to their music
you know warts and all sometimes they
would talk about the parts of themselves
that they were afraid of and the parts
that they were ashamed of and and about
the things that they believed and I
think a lot of the change that we're
seeing right now is happening because
people's belief system has been sort of
swallowed up by this umbrella of
politics you know because it's necessary
to be involved now in a way that it's
not been necessary before we've all been
lucky enough to sit back and go and
they've got this we're fine you know the
taxes will get paid roads will get built
people will get you know freedoms and
justice and all this and all of a sudden
the internet smacks you in the face with
oh look what
happening to this person and look what's
happening to that person and look who's
in charge of this and look where your
money is going today so everybody is
forced to be involved politically so you
know the song riders who have been kind
of speaking their mind the whole time I
think they kind of fit into the fold a
little bit better or people surprise
when they find out you know what these
things only that you are so politically
kind of in tune I don't know yeah I
don't know if they're surprised about
that I'll tell you one thing the accent
really throws people off because I know
I did an interview with Trevor Noah on
The Daily Show and a lot of people saw
that and they heard my voice and then
heard what I was saying and it was kind
of like you know how if you cut half of
a cat's whiskers off the cat gets really
off-balance and starts walking into the
wall it was similar to that like hearing
a person with an Alabama accent things
that I'm saying not educated thing but
having the the stance that I have I
think and then sort of being able to
back it up
you know it's confusing to people how
much is religion influenced you you said
this thing I don't know how long it was
the other day Jesus wouldn't have voted
for Trump I grew up in the church my
grandfather was a Pentecostal preacher
and you know I read the Bible many times
took a lot of notes and you know now I'm
not necessarily a religious person I'm
probably a spiritual person but I don't
really go by any specific set of rules
but my own but to me that sounded like
something you would hear from a
fire-and-brimstone preacher in the south
who actually cared about his
congregation and not about his job or
his bottom line and it sounded like you
know I could very much here
my grandfather saying you know Jesus
would not been have been in favor of
this kind of behavior and I mean I'm not
speaking for Jesus I'm just going by the
red letters you know that's it I'm going
by what the book says and it doesn't
really condone the kind of things that
Trump and his folks have done before I
let you go let me get you on reticent
and the race here in Tennessee what do
people need to know about this race
what's important about this race in
Tennessee
it's important you know when when we
were working in Alabama with Doug Jones
a few months ago we were terrified
because there was a lot at stake and
growing more I just think that it
shouldn't have gotten to the point where
it was close you know and and I think
the fact that people were able to
mobilize and get out and vote and make
sure that Roy Moore didn't wind up in
that position I think that was a good
idea and I think it really said
something about Alabama that made me
proud but I'll tell you this as as bad
as more and more would have been I think
Marsha Blackburn may be more dangerous
as far as as a politician because she's
not as crazy as Roy Moore and she can
actually convince people to listen to
her but I don't think she's working for
the right reasons and I don't think she
wants to help people as much as she
wants to help herself and I think feel
doesn't need the money you know he had
retired from politics he doesn't really
need to be reminded that he's a powerful
person I think he really reinterred this
this stage or this platform in the state
of Tennessee because he thought he could
help why is important people get out and
vote specifically in Tennessee well in
Tennessee I know it's very easy for
people to think their vote is not gonna
matter especially people who might be on
the left end of the spectrum they think
you know it's Tennessee it's gonna go a
certain way no matter what I do but we
proved otherwise in Alabama if he wants
to go and you know I think the more
people that turnout the more voices are
represented and the more politicians get
elected who actually care about those
voices I think it's pretty obvious that
the the people you disagree with are
showing up to vote and that's really
happening in the state of Tennessee and
they're gonna show up so if you want to
cancel them out do it personally I'm
going to vote to cancel out John Rich
from the man big and rich his vote is
not gonna matter because I'm gonna go
and I'm gonna vote the opposite so it's
two birds with one stone for you yeah I
get to cancel out John Rich and I get
one of the stickers I get to put myself
on Instagram and say I vote it listen
thank you for having us thank you
appreciate you talk
everybody should put themselves on
Instagram once they vote it but let me
ask you this count
Tennessee like a lot of other places we
are seeing record totally unexpectedly
high turnout in early voting so far
what's the situation where you are yeah
the same that we're seeing across the
country and look what we do know about
these endorsements and what we do know
about artists getting involved in these
races and you heard their joke about
John Rich a well-known artist across the
country but from here in Nashville you
get enthusiasm amongst the electorate
that is of course a good thing we know
that enthusiasm is up across the country
but certainly in this race when you talk
about these names and the line that that
Jason is ball is able to walk in his
music where white man's world as you
said a song about white privilege maybe
a point that is uncomfortable for his
audience but in the same set we saw last
night him do a song called dress blues a
song written at the height of the Iraq
war written for veterans it brought down
the house alley and so it's that fine
line that he's able to walk only in a
place like Nashville does he get
hostility for it or what you know he
sort of seemed to think that people look
at him a little weird for it but he
doesn't seem to face outward hostility
for his embrace of Democrats Wow look I
think when it comes to Jason his ball as
it's his case with many of these artists
the music helps and in his case being a
songwriter here in Nashville something
that people respect Thursday night
people are out on the town everybody's
got live music and suddenly there are
fireworks people love the music they'll
take the politics with the music and
he's aware of that and so he's using his
platform to get his sort of message out
there
I appreciate the fireworks for effect
count thanks for bringing it all out for
me I appreciate you bro Singh up for
primetime TV here on MSNBC it's always
good to see you my friend
wow that hurts across time so thank you
sir I love Calipari and he knows that
Calipari my friend in Tennessee for us
tonight thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
