that's what you're telling all women in
America that they don't matter they
should just keep it to themselves
because if they told the truth they're
just gonna hope that mance to power
anyway telling me right now what tell me
what I'm talking to you you're telling
me that - not doesn't matter do you
think that you found the truth don't
know don't you think that he's telling
the truth to the country you know many
women are powerless good morning and
welcome to am joy well less than one
hour after that powerful moment when two
survivors of sexual assault confronted
Senator Jeff Flake in an elevator over
his support of Brett Kavanaugh and by
the way we will be joined by one of
those women later in the show flake kind
of shocked the world revising the pledge
that he made just hours before to vote
YES on Brett Kavanaugh a Supreme Court
nomination huddling with two of his
Democratic colleagues senators Amy
Klobuchar and Chris Coons and joining
democratic calls for an FBI
investigation before any Cavanagh vote
in the full Senate
this what I'm trying to do who this
country's being ripped apart here and
and we've got to make sure that we do
deal with due diligence I think this
committee has done a good job but I do
think that we can have a short pause and
and make sure that the FBI can
investigate the investigation that flake
requested into credible sexual
misconduct allegations against Cavanaugh
is now underway the White House said has
said it will be quote limited in scope
and completed in less than one week but
on that scope question it's not entirely
clear what that means
will the investigation be confined to
the allegations from dr. Christine Blasi
Ford or will it include the allegations
made by any of the other women who have
accused Brett Kavanaugh of sexual
misconduct
Michael avenatti who by now should be
very familiar to you represents a woman
who could potentially be interviewed by
the FBI as a witness Julie sweat Nick
claims that she witnessed Kavanagh
participating in sexual misconduct when
he was a high school student at
Georgetown Preparatory School in
1080s the allegations are disturbing
involving alleged gang rape of women who
had been rendered disoriented by alcohol
now to be clear miss wet Nick has not
accused Kavanaugh of committing any
crimes against her and Kavanagh has
strongly denied the allegations and
joining me now is Michael avenatti
attorney for Julie sweat Nick and
Michael first of all good morning good
morning
so let's talk about your clients
allegations she submitted a sworn
affidavit which you originally wanted to
result in her being questioned by the
committee that didn't happen but has she
been contacted by or contacted the FBI
to be part of this reopened
investigation not yet joy you know we've
been asking for a full FBI investigation
now for days we want my client to be
called by the FBI she wants to sit down
with FBI agents to tell her story to
tell them the facts and the
circumstances that she witnessed to tell
them what happened to her and we're
waiting for the FBI to contact her now I
was pleased to see what happened
yesterday afternoon that the committee
vote proceeded however there's a
one-week delay but I want to tell you
this I'm very concerned about this scope
question and when I hear people throw
around things like well the FBI is going
to investigate credible allegations
we'll hold on a minute
the FBI is supposed to determine what's
credible or not and if they don't get a
chance or if they're told not to speak
with certain individuals then how can
they determine whether an allegation is
credible or not so I'm hopeful that this
investigation is going to be thorough
I'm hopeful that it is going to include
my clients allegations which as you
stated were made in a sworn declaration
under oath they absolutely should
interview my client and I'm hopeful that
all the facts are going to be known
ultimately to the American people but if
the FBI does not meet with my client or
question her then I think that's going
to call into question who told the FBI
not to meet with her well so your client
to be clear Julie sweating is claiming
that she attended parties during the
early 1980s when she was a high school
student
that included boys from Georgetown Prep
including mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh
according to Julie sweat Nick there were
girls who were being inebriated with
alcohol rendered unconscious and then
essentially run trains on to put to use
the colloquial term gang raped she said
this happened to her she's not saying
that Michael avenatti did it I mean he
did that she's not saying that but
Cavanaugh did it but Michael you have
said that she's got corroborating
witnesses that these parties included
boys that were high school and college
boys do you have names of those
witnesses that you are now submitting to
the FBI well we have names of a number
of the witnesses that I've spoken to a
number of the witnesses and we are
anxious to submit those names to the FBI
joy I want to be clear I urge everyone
that's watching your show and everyone
in America that is interested in this
issue this confirmation to go and
actually read the three-page declaration
that my client signed under penalty of
perjury because it's not just limited to
this allegation of women being put
through train rapes etc it's a broad
bait there's a broad basis of facts and
evidence that are set forth relating to
aggressive conduct by Brett Kavanaugh
when he was under the influence of
alcohol towards women and joy we're not
alone there are numerous media reports
numerous witnesses that have attested to
witnessing the same thing so when you
have senators on the Judiciary Committee
that want to mock me want to mock my
client and talk about how absurd this is
they need to go back and look at the
article for The Washington Post in the
1990s that described this environment at
many of these prep schools they need to
look at the article in The New Yorker
they need to look at the article in
Slate Magazine all of which include
numerous witnesses that support a
version of events very similar to my
client and now let me say this if the
FBI investigation is not curtailed by
the White House or others if they are
permitted to do their job as they do
every day in this country Brett
Kavanaugh will not survive this process
he will not if they are permitted
to interview witnesses that know of
these allegations there is no way that
Brett Kavanaugh will be placed on the US
Supreme Court nor should he
I'm gonna bring a panel in a second I
just a couple quick more questions two
quick questions for you Mike before I
bring in the panel in question number
one Beth Wilkinson who's judge
Cavanaugh's lawyer has said she said on
CNN she denied the allegations that your
client has made against against Brett
Kavanaugh and she said that your client
could have just gone directly to the
police with these allegations and still
could did these alleged crimes take
place in Montgomery County and will your
client attempt to file a police report
about them now she may very well pursue
criminal charges against the individuals
involved Joe and I think as my clients
story is told by my client here shortly
America is going to learn the details
surrounding what happened and exactly
what she did at the time there are
witnesses that she confided in
contemporaneous with what transpired so
we're talking about decades ago and
confided in them about what transpired
and I think that goes to support her
credibility and let me say this about
miss Wilkinson and her client Brett
Kavanaugh I have offered that if Miss
Wilkinson would like to cross-examine my
client for eight hours under oath in a
videotaped deposition I'm more than
happy to make her available provided
that she'll grant me the same
opportunity with her client Brett
Kavanaugh in fact I'll take half the
time joy I'll take four hours with Brett
Kavanaugh Brett Kavanaugh is a liar he
is not credible in fact if you look at
the Fox News interview you look at his
testimony before the committee it's
absolutely absurd especially in light of
the entries in the yearbook from his
high school days we all went to high
school we all know what that looked like
we all or many of us know what the prep
school environment looked like in the
Washington DC area as evidenced by a
number of these articles Brett Kavanaugh
is lying to the committee he's lying to
the American people and it's just not
believable he's lied about a number of
things quite honestly that he didn't
need the lot
about Michael I'm gonna ask you to stay
we think I want to bring in my panel
Jill wine banks is a former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor Maya Wiley
legal analyst for MSNBC Mimi Roca also a
legal analyst for MSNBC in Korean Jean
Pierre senior advisor moveon.org we have
a power panel this morning so I want to
just throw it open to the table here any
response as to what the Julie sweat Nick
allegations and what they might do how
they might play and I'll start with you
me me how they might play into this FBI
investigation well I'd like to start
with a question to Michael if absolutely
because I think it's important to
clarify something Michael you're a great
lawyer and I'm sure this affidavit is
worded very carefully and there's a
seaman in there that I've heard some
people debating you know it she says I
think it's a paragraph 13 and
approximately 1982 I became the victim
of one of these gang or train rapes
where Marc judge and black havana were
present now I was with you on TV the
other day and you clarified that you
were saying that they actually
participated in that gang rape I believe
but that isn't exactly no okay but I
know that's not no that's not what I've
said and I've been asked a number of
questions about this paragraph 13 you
know I wish people would concentrate on
many of the other paragraphs in the
Declaration because they are equally
damning to Brett Kavanaugh and those
other paragraphs in and of themselves if
true would render him unable and a lot
of people answer it I'm gonna answer it
guys I've answered it over the last four
days there are facts that suggests to
her that he was involved there are facts
that suggests to her that he was not
involved this is not as clear cut as
many might hope and people might say
well why is that or how is that well
because she was under the influence of
alcohol and/or drugs involuntarily and
she does not know with great certainty
exactly what happened that's why these
girls were able to be taken advantage of
by these boys at these parties that was
the mo that was the process that's how
they went about taking advantage of
these girls but this idea that
that this declaration is not to be
believed
well we don't know whether it's to be
believed it's been submitted under
penalty of perjury and we want these
allegations tested appropriately
pursuant to a proper FBI investigation
and just to be clear I was certainly not
saying that I don't believe it and I
just want a clarification and your
explanation makes a lot of sense to me
actually and you know I want it okay I
want to go to my on a question about
this because the Montgomery County
District Attorney has indicated an
openness to here a criminal complaint
related to these crimes I don't think
there's a statute of limitations but on
rape right so it's no statute of
limitations on felony rape or sexual
assault so in theory if Miss sweat Nagor
if anyone who believes that crimes were
committed against them in montgomery
county where to go forward though we
just thought bill cosby was convicted
and since the three to ten years for
events that took place years earlier so
in theory this could result in criminal
acts
sure any any any person who has an
allegation that someone has sexually
assaulted
attempted rape or raped them has the
ability to go and file a criminal
complaint that's true if these events
happened in Maryland which they did
obviously in this case obviously that is
an option open to them and I think this
is it critically important to
distinguish between what the Senate
Judiciary Committee is supposed to be
doing right because part of what's been
so problematic about the hearing process
is that and this I think also goes
directly directly to mr. a vanadis point
the question is how credible is he and
is there reason to be concerned not
whether there's evidence that would
convict him of a crime because it is
about whether to seat him in a Supreme
Court seat so the fact that this
declaration that there's a witness who
says actually the conduct and behavior
right that he is denying is actually
conduct and behavior that I myself
witnessed is relevant and I think that
is I think mr. I've not he's absolutely
right to draw attention to that point
the question I have because it's
problematic to me that the committee has
been treating it this way is it's almost
like if you can't say you actually saw
him at
hack someone right it is not sufficient
to make us question whether he should be
a Supreme Court justice that's a problem
yeah it's just wrong and yeah but but I
but that's why my question from Strava
Nadi is are any of the witnesses able to
corroborate that any physically violent
behavior towards towards a woman because
although I believe it should be
sufficient to actually corroborate the
kind of behavior you're talking about it
seems to me that the problem with the
politics here is that the committee is
looking for more direct evidence so I'm
just curious about the witness list in
that regard yes my client and other
witnesses can state unequivocally that
they saw Brett Kavanaugh engage in
inappropriate physical contact
groping grabbing other aggressive sexual
behavior towards women personally they
will be able to attest to that and I
think it's laid out in the declaration
as well as conduct as well and this is
part of my frustration because everybody
just wants to go to paragraph 13 and
everybody wants to avoid the paragraphs
above paragraph 13 everybody wants to
focus on the the train rape allegation
as if that's the only allegation in the
entire declaration that matters let's
let's also back up and remember this
let's remember 1991 1991 was about an
allegation by Anita Hill of sexual
harassment and the chief focus in that
hearing was that the allegation of a
pubic hair on a coke can and a comment
by by then Judge Thomas that was the
focus as to whether he should be put on
the court for making a comment generally
about a pubic hair on a coke cam now
fast-forward to this point in time in
our history at the height of the me2
movement we're talking about something
far more important or far more extensive
than a pubic hair and a coke can we're
talking about dr. Ford's testimony we're
talking about miss Ramirez his
allegation we're talking about my
clients allegations we're talking about
other allegations of physical
inappropriate sexual contact contact by
Judge Cavanaugh which should render him
unable and not able to be confirmed on
the US Supreme Court all of these women
are not making it up they all then just
meet at the local Starbucks and have a
secret meeting and conspire to derail
this nomination they're not all lying
while the choir boy Brett Kavanaugh is
telling the truth it's just not possible
for very quickly before I bring in the
other panelists up Michael the the
chairman of the Senate Judiciary
Committee Chuck Grassley made a lot of
hay about the fact that they didn't need
to have an FBI investigation because the
Senate had its own investigators did
those investigators contact you and did
you deem if you did have interactions
with them that to be an aggressive
potentially thorough investigation in
and of itself we asked for an FBI
investigation we asked for an
opportunity to take a polygraph exam at
Brett Kavanaugh would take one we asked
for Marc judge to be subpoenaed none of
that was addressed they refused to get
back to us in connection with those
requests for days they blew us off joy
all day Monday they blew us off all day
Tuesday and ultimately they said after
we released the declaration what we'd
like her to meet with two investigators
from the committee now as you know dr.
Ford declined that and we declined it
and the reason is because these
investigators in our view were part of
the majority leadership there they're
not unbiased and we want this
investigation done by professionals we
want it done by members of the FBI and
in my experience and I'm sure others on
the panel will support me on this when
individuals are fabricating stories they
don't readily admit or welcome FBI
agents to sit down and speak with them
about those allegations because of
course lying to an FBI agent is a very
serious offense and it's punishable by
imprisonment yeah I want to go to jail
one banks on that very point because you
had the Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck
Grassley insisting that an investigation
by the majority's investigators that was
not even participated on in by the
Democrats oh the 11 Senate Republicans
had their own investigation they said
they were doing that they said was
sufficient to determine these claims but
the majority were already on board
to confirm Cavanaugh so is that normal I
mean it didn't seem normal in the moment
but was it normal no it isn't normal and
it isn't fair they are clearly
demonstrating they had no interest in
the truth this was never a search for
truth if it was they would have allowed
other witnesses to testify they would
have allowed the FBI to investigate they
would not have set a five minute limit
and questions which was absurd you
cannot develop evidence in a five minute
segment of questions they would have had
the courage to do the questioning
themselves and not used the show of
having a woman brought in who was a sex
crime prosecutor to do the question
yanked as soon as she started to ask
questions they did was wrong in question
all they did was she asked the question
that could have led to something really
interesting about the July 1st where all
the people that dr. Blake Ford said
we're at the scene of the crime all of a
sudden she was silenced this is not a
search for truth and they've already
announced exactly what they are
expecting the outcome to be we're gonna
push this through he's going to be
confirmed we need to hear the facts let
them confirm one way or the other who's
telling the truth let's look at Ramirez
let's look at sweat Nick we need to hear
all of the witnesses his college
roommate says he was often drunk yeah we
need to look at his history of drinking
and whether his outburst on the day of
the hearing Thursday shows that he is
still a mean alcoholic yeah cuz there
was nothing judicial about his behavior
on that day that disqualifies him right
there in fact one of Miss sweat Nick's
allegations is that he was a mean drunk
that had hit rock as a mean drunk
I have I have a white house question for
you because you did work for the Obama
White House with Obama administration
the White House was at 4:00 they're the
only ones who could have ordered this
FBI investigation so again and is this
normal question the fact that they
delayed so long the fact that they
resisted so long having this
investigation does that say to you then
maybe the White House is wavering in
terms of the credibility of Cavanaugh
vs4 because suddenly this reversal and
they ordered the event I think they had
no choice they don't have the votes
Cavanaugh needs 50 to get
to be to be on the Supreme Court justice
and they didn't have it so honestly
Donald Trump's hands were tied yeah and
let's not forget who Donald Trump is I
mean he has 19 accusers such of sexual
assault sexual misconduct and he got
away with it he's he's the President of
the United States look what he does he
stands with the whip with the men and
attacks the women he was never going to
order that if his hands weren't tied
yeah the way that it worries I have one
more question for Michael avenatti
because we are running to the end of the
segment but you are a very deft you're
very deft at utilizing both the courts
as well as media and if your witnesses
if your client are not afforded the
opportunity to be a part of this limited
scope investigation would they all go
public can we expect to hear from your
client in your witnesses in a public
setting meaning on television if they
are not a part of this FBI probe
absolutely if the Republicans on the
Senate Judiciary Committee want to try
to hide my clients and the witnesses
from the American people so they can jam
through this nomination then we're going
to take our case to the American public
and we're gonna let them decide who's
telling the truth and who's lying to
them we would love to talk with your
client or any of those witnesses I'll
put in my bid for that I know that you
guys are gonna be looking for a venue
you're welcome to always come back here
Michael avenatti always good to talk to
you thank you very much I kept you in my
panel with me they will beat with me
after the break and after the break we
will also be joined by one of the women
who confronted Senator Jeff Flake on
that elevator on Capitol Hill after he
announced his support for Brett
Cavanaugh yesterday was a dramatic
moment a turning point in the debate
over this Supreme Court nomination stay
with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
