we drank beer we liked beer what do you
consider to be too many beers I don't
know
you know we whatever the chart says
unemployed alcohol chart you know who
doesn't know what too many beers is
someone who drinks too many beers
journey our discussion now Liz Swisher
and Lyn Brooks both were friends of
Cavanaugh's in college and roommates
with Deborah Ramirez who has accused
Brett Kavanaugh of sexual aggressiveness
I guess we could call it Lissa sure your
reaction to what you heard Brett
Kavanaugh say under oath about his
drinking I was appalled he was clearly
lying and it was incredibly disturbing
to see somebody perjuring themselves
who's in line to be a Supreme Court
justice and Lynne Brooks your reaction
to what you heard I agreed the reason
that I decided to speak out was when he
gave the Fox News interview and as I
said in the Washington Post tried to
paint him as a self as a choirboy where
he all he did was study and play sports
and every once in a while he would have
a beer and that's simply not consistent
with the Brett Kavanaugh that I knew in
college I mean Lizzie he could have
testified that yeah you know I drank I
got drunk a lot I don't do anything like
that
now that was my you know teenage years
and my college years and then gone back
to his his I think good talking point
that look I did all my homework I got
all my work done you know so how bad
could it be but he he seemed to try to
do everything he could to minimize the
drinking right that's what was
surprising to me is that I drank too
much in college I think a lot of kids
drink too much in college but if you're
able to get you know get your work done
and you move on with your life and you
don't drink as much but we all drink a
fair amount and we made some stupid
choices that would have been totally
fine if he had said that I wouldn't be
here today and let's talk about Debra
Ramirez you both were roommates and
friendly with Debra Ramirez and and
story of Brett Kavanaugh being really
incoherently drunk and dropping his
pants and aggressively thrusting himself
in her face and she had to push him away
and touch him in a way that disgusted
her
what was your reaction to that story
well I did not witness any of that kind
of behavior I didn't witness that
specific incident and nor did I witness
Brett doing that at any of the parties
that I was with at him I I do believe
Debbie Ramirez his account
she is not someone that would come
forward and and lie but that's not
behavior that I witnessed from Brett
Kavanaugh and Liz what was your reaction
to Debbie Ramirez story
yeah well that was very upsetting
because I do believe Debbie she's a very
honest she was an innocent person and
but I was not able to corroborate that
because again I wasn't there but men
rarely do those types of things when
other girls are around and when the the
Ramirez
Debbie Ramirez accusation is something
that presumably the FBI will take a look
at this week do you suppose they'll be
able to find anyone who might be a
witness to that well she does recall
people in the room and there were
certainly people that were referenced in
The New Yorker article although their
names weren't given I could certainly
determine who they were
and hopefully they all speak truthfully
to the FBI and Liz you see a college
friend of yours on his way to possibly a
big job as big as job as you can get
really and he starts tapping to talk
about his drinking publicly and he
understates it why wasn't that something
you could just let slide because that
was blurring the difference between
truth and falsehood and for somebody who
is a federal judge and in line
potentially to be in the highest court
in our country that there can be no
blurring of truth and falsehood there
can be no alternative facts we need
somebody who stands by truth and justice
and when certainly there are does
of other Yale people who certainly saw
the same thing you did at the same
parties they're not coming forward what
made you decide that that you couldn't
just sit back when you heard Brett
Kavanaugh say these things well I tend
to agree with with Liz that it's really
important for people that feel that
there's a need for truth in today's
dialogue to come forward and speak out
our judicial system is based on the
foundation of truth and if you can't
believe a federal judge or a Supreme
Court justice in what they say then
then where really is our judicial system
and that's why I got angry when I saw
how Brett characterized himself in the
Fox News interview because it is not
consistent
it is not truthful and there is not a
separate reality of alternative facts
people need to speak truth to power and
the FBI is going to be investigating now
and because his testimony about how much
he drank is now relevant the FBI might
and probably will want to talk to you
Liz are you prepared to talk to the FBI
knowing that any anything that you say
that's not true the FBI could be
considered a federal crime of course I
will speak truth Emlyn absolutely 100%
I'm very confident in what I've been
saying publicly Lynne Brooks Liz
swisherd thank you both very much for
joining us tonight really appreciate it
thank you Lawrence
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
