developments I'm joined by Senator Chris
Murphy of Connecticut who is here in New
York it's very nice to see you on first
get to see Chris what has what is your
what is your constituent response been
like in the last say 24 hours yeah
absolutely overwhelming and obviously
the main focus is on my constituents
belief that dr. Ford is telling the
truth and that Brett Kavanaugh
throughout his testimony seemed to have
a very loose grasp of the truth even
with respect to some minor details about
his high school days but I got to tell
you I got just as much input about his
tone and his tenor there were lots of
people who are calling our office
emailing our office about the idea that
anyone Republican or Democrat would
allow somebody to get onto the Supreme
Court who is this political who naked
Lee claimed in front of the committee
that this was all just a liberal
democratic pro-clinton conspiracy and
for the revenge for the Clintons
something that he frankly didn't have to
say in order to defend himself against
these specific charges and so I would
say I was a little surprised that there
was as much concern about his demeanor
as there was about that specific charges
so yesterday I felt like we witnessed
there's a lot of ways to parse yesterday
but a lot of people felt like something
was wrong and breaking I mean wrong in
that it felt like there was a kind of
torture that was being imposed on dr.
posny Ford the weirdness of the
prosecutors who was hired and had
discarded and then also just a sense of
people that there's some kind of like
profound legitimacy crisis that we're
watching happen in slow-motion you're a
member of that body do you feel that way
yeah I don't think you can help but feel
that way because you just have to
compare this back to prior similar
hearings and then you need a hill
hearing you had 20-plus witnesses that
were called spanning several days here
you had two witnesses even though you
had other eyewitnesses who could add a
lot to the discussion so it does feel
like something is fundamentally breaking
and I almost appreciate the fact that
the Republicans in the end took the mask
off right they stopped allowing their
prosecutor to ask questions they
decided to turn it into a big political
show because you saw what their endgame
here was not really getting to the truth
but doing whatever was necessary to try
to jam him through you know today Chris
Coons and Jeff Flake got together on
this compromise and you know was there's
a lot of people I think who who sort of
harken back to those days and they
really want to see the Senate function
like that and then I was talking to a
lot of people were watching and they
were on the outside a lot of citizens
and these are very active citizens like
how could you how could these people be
friends with each other like how can you
not hate these people
furious I'm so furious I'm screaming at
the TV like how psychologically and
emotionally how do you conduct yourself
in that body with those twin impulses so
one of the first things I did when these
allegations broke was I went one of my
friends is one of the most conservative
senators in the place just to sit down
and hear him talk through how he was
processing these allegations and yeah
and so I think it's important to put
yourself in the shoes of folks who's
prism is different than yours and I
think more of that happens in the Senate
than you think and I think we have an
understanding about the fact that our
worldviews are different our
constituencies are different and frankly
the ecosystems we exist in are different
sitting every day in the Republican
caucus listening to Fox News is very
different than what happens to us and so
I think that allows you get the truth
every night exactly but I think that I
think that there's a little bit more of
that of that ability to put yourself in
somebody else's shoes in the Senate then
folks might think and it allows for
moments like today to break through but
at the same time you have to balance
that against a sense that there's a sort
of procedural maximalism that just keeps
getting worse I mean fresh in the mind
of a lot of people are Merrick garland
people really feel like dr. Ford has
been treated incredibly Shapley
Republicans feel and I think in good
faith feel this way based on my
interviews with conservatives and talk
to them that they have been completely
sabotage it's an ambush it's a hit job
yadda-yadda-yadda
where does this go particularly around
fights for these for the spring court so
I wish my Republican friends would
understand better the unique
circumstances of these sexual abuse
cases I
I can understand their frustration about
the lateness timing many of these
allegations and claims but there is
something unique about this kind of
claim that I would hope they would
understand yeah I mean I wanted to
scream yesterday like get it totally
stipulated timings terrible listen to
what you say when I mean listen to what
she says listen if this was a claim
about you know a guy misrepresenting his
income on a mortgage and that came out
two days before the live the
confirmation vote then yeah you might
have a claim right have a contest but
this is something unique and different
do you what do you see happening this
fall it were 40 days away you are
running for re-election as are many
other people what do you call it X is
moment connect to that that day in
November yeah I mean the fury is real
out there and I feel yell at you for not
fighting hard enough sure yeah all the
time all the time and I I just think
that ultimately there's a bit of a
tipping point especially amongst women
in which they watched the way in which
she was treated they watched the
fundamentally different way in which not
only was he treated but he was allowed
to act a way that she never right the
doctor who never gotten away with and
that fundamental unfairness there's no
way that that doesn't have an impact in
the polls not unlike it did in 1992 when
many women who serve today in the Senate
like Dianne Feinstein were elected it's
going to be a very different place come
January up there Smith fascinating it's
like wanting a social experiment for the
best Senator Chris Murphy thank you very
much thanks a lot hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
