the controversial confirmation process
for Brett Kavanaugh took another turn
Republicans folding under pressure
ordering a one-week FBI review of the
allegations against him he's denied
sexual assault allegations from
yesterday's unusual hearing and
emotional angry combative and at times
indignant performance that as I've
mentioned tonight left our nation and
sad discussions and appraisals through
the evening and well into today these
hearings were important and just because
they were frustrating and often
inadequate to address the significant
issues they raised I don't think that
means the hearings were not revealing
and a messy revealing process can at
times be more useful for vetting than a
neat and choreographed one so in
addition to weighing the allegations
against Kavanagh I'll say more about
that in a moment the US Senate and this
country also has a lot more information
to weigh about Cavanaugh now you know
judges always start with precedent so in
vetting this judge let's begin with the
precedent for these kind of hearings
because if you go back across
ideological lines the precedent is for
nominees to insist in these hearings
that they're neutral and fair that
they're blank slate so don't let
politics or policy your opinion impact
their work they talk about balls and
strikes and following the rule of law my
job isn't to write the laws it's to
apply the laws and that enough is enough
for a day's work and it's enough for a
life's work my approach I believe is
neither liberal nor conservative it is
rooted in the place of the judiciary of
judges in our democratic society the
courts are a place where people need to
be able to go to secure a determination
of their rights under the law in a
totally unbiased way that's a commitment
all judges make when they take a
judicial oath when they take the
judicial oath and here's what's
revealing tonight and probably bad for
Cavanaugh until yesterday he was using
that same playbook but then he tossed it
out the mask fell we got a window into
how he thinks and acts under pressure
and on legal and evidentiary issues that
involve him
self so let's look at this contrast of
before and after and please keep in mind
you are watching a sitting federal judge
who took that oath who has an obligation
to rule above politics and who went from
disclaiming politics to blasting a
political party yesterday and darkly
alleging conspiracy theories and
political hit jobs that he can't prove
so I'm gonna show you this now and when
you watch the contrast keep in mind
you're about to see some of the most
direct partisan language any Supreme
Court nominee has ever used in a
confirmation hearing in the modern era
I'm a judge I'm not making the policy
decision my job is to decide whether
that policy is consistent with law this
is a circus the consequences will extend
long past my nomination the consequences
will be with us for decades I take very
seriously your broader point about
maintaining confidence of all the
American people in the integrity and
impartiality and independence of the
Supreme Court this whole two-week effort
has been a calculated and orchestrated
political hit revenge on behalf of the
Clintons on behalf of the Clintons if
there's evidence that bill and Hillary
Clinton or their staff are involved in
long-ago sexual assault allegations
against Kavanaugh Kavanaugh has a
release didn't either have his people
which makes that claim right there not
only dubious but totally questionable
for a judge testifying under oath and
who has to rule on disputes that
involved yes Trump than the Clintons and
people in both parties a new side of
Kavanaugh was revealed there someone who
seems to think it reasonable to channel
a Hannity or Trump style counter-attack
on the Clintons anytime he's pressed on
his own conduct Kavanagh is a federal
judge today a place he got after being
confirmed when we saw a different man
back in 2006 I will in at all times
maintain the absolute independence of
the judiciary which in my judgment is
the crown jewel of our constitutional
democracy at all times includes
yesterday
and whether you're impressed with
Cavanaugh's credentials or not whether
you think his rulings are solid or not
and people disagree when you see these
direct attacks on Democrats yesterday
you know he is not maintaining the
commitment he made he has departed from
what we can call tonight old Kavanagh
who talked about quote the absolute
independence of the judiciary
end quote so what you're seeing here
violates not only his standard but is
unbecoming for any sitting federal judge
you're asking about yet blackout I don't
know have you could you answer the
question judge I just so you that's not
happened is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have
personally do you think that's the best
thing for us to do you won't answer you
know whatever the committee decides
mmediately I'm all-in immediately under
the Constitution that judges like
Kavanagh swear to uphold it is the US
Senate that advises and consents on
judicial nominations which means
yesterday you were witnessing the Senate
as the judge of his promotion and as you
may have noticed it looked like
Cavanaugh the judge struggled to respect
the judge in that process whether he
agrees with the process or not so we're
learning a lot about this nominee and
what he really fixed and how much he's
able to actually be independent of
politics and whom he blames the Clintons
the Democrats for the vetting that he
knew was coming so this is all now a
public record and that's apart from any
conclusions that the FBI will help
investigate the claims of sexual
misconduct against Cavanaugh by dr. Ford
and others she also testified under oath
yesterday under a different kind of
strain than he was facing and has many
noticed with a very different approach I
believed he was going to rape
for help when I did Brett put his hand
over my mouth to stop me from yelling
this is what terrified me the most and
has had the most lasting impact on my
life it was hard for me to breathe and I
thought that Brett was accidentally
going to kill me the US Senate's job is
to weigh those claims along with
Cavanaugh's wider record the FBI's job
courtesy of the breaking news today is
to give the US Senate nonpartisan
information to help adjudicate those
claims what the FBI cannot help with and
what has at times been obscured by some
of the noise is how much of that wider
record looks different given how much
Cavanaugh revealed about himself
yesterday now I don't think we know for
a fact if he perjured himself but I
think we do know something else
he violated an important legal standard
one you are surely familiar with he did
not tell the whole truth and nothing but
the truth
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
