Democratic member of the Senate
Judiciary Committee Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut and there
first off there's going to be an FBI
investigation if there is there are
facts uncovered in that investigation
are you willing to change your mind
given those facts Katie I opposed this
nominee based on his judicial philosophy
his out of the mainstream views for
example on women's reproductive rights
and health care and an imperial
presidency and workers and consumer
rights and environmental protection so
the absence of highly incriminating
evidence won't persuade me to be for him
but there is a important jury here which
is a number of my Republican colleagues
a small number who are deeply concerned
about the credible serious allegations
made by this courageous survivor of
sexual assault to insinuate that she's
part of a Democratic left-wing
conspiracy or that she has come forward
as a puppet or pawn could be made only
by someone who never saw her yesterday
and contrasts her demeanor with the
rageful bitter self-pitying kind of
partisan attitude that we saw on the
part of Judge Kavanagh I deeply feared
as a citizen and as someone who has
cases right now before the court that he
would be a threat to the impartial and
objective administration of justice what
about your fellow Democratic colleagues
who are Ward have not said whether or
not they support him and have been
undecided based on his judicial
philosophy and are waiting for more
information I'm looking at Senator Joe
Manchin senator heidi heitkamp were
Democrats who are in red states and you
were up in competitive re-elections at
the moment do you think that anything
that the FBI finds could move them to
yes the FBI has to interview mark judge
who was allegedly in that room when the
alleged assault took place and was
laughing along with Brett Kavanaugh as
he allegedly assaulted doctor Blasi Ford
now mark judge is only one of the
witnesses that has to be interviewed and
dr. Blasi Ford is only one of the
survivors whose allegations have to be
investigated there are credible serious
allegations from Julie sweat neck and
Deborah Rodriguez and they are current
to use that term that the Republican
leadership used in asking that there be
a reopening of the background check so
whether my colleagues will be affected
by it depends on what is found but there
are such serious allegations here and a
number of witnesses who have facts that
clearly need to be explored and just one
more point we know that the truth will
come out eventually the truth has a way
of finding itself in the public realm my
Republican colleagues will be harshly
judged in fact condemned by history if
they vote for this confirmation and we
learn afterward that these allegations
are true and I think they are now aware
and so yes they will be affected by this
investigation senator I want to play a
moment a piece of Senator Graham's
of what senator Graham said yesterday
during the hearings about what he
believes the Democrats are doing let me
plant this is going to destroy the
ability of good people to come forward
because of this crap your high school
yearbook you have interacted with
professional women all your life not one
accusation you're supposed to be Bill
Cosby when you're a junior and senior
and high school and all of a sudden you
got over it spend my understanding that
if you drug women and rape them for two
years in high school you probably don't
stop
senator what do you what did you think
when you heard senator Gramm say that
frankly I thought it was also angry and
bitter and over the top and the reason
is that these women have come forward
knowing they have everything to lose
nothing to gain they've done it
independently without any encouragement
or guidance from Democratic senators so
far as I know and what's most important
is that others will volunteer for public
service not every justice nominee is
going to have these pounds Act the last
one Neal Korsak had no hint or scintilla
of a problem in this regard there is
something here a pattern that needs to
be investigated and I made reference to
these comments this morning and the
Judiciary Committee my hope is that we
can now come together because we ought
to agree that survivors of sexual
assault need to be embraced and
encouraged to come forward this woman
has endured public shaming character
assassination threats to her family my
heart goes out to judge Cavanaugh as
family for what they have endured
personally in terms of the threats but
this woman dr. Boise Ford and others who
come forward need to be encouraged
because as you know one out of every
three American women are survivors of
sexual assault at some point in her life
and yet it remains one of the most
unreported of crimes in this country I
think dr. blazing for it gave us a
teaching moment senators a teacher one
other thing for you a federal judge has
just ruled that congressional Democrats
lawsuit which you have signed on to
alleging Trump's private business is
violating the Constitution that that
lawsuit can proceed what do you think
the name of the lawsuit katie is
Blumenthal versus Trump I'm the lead
plaintiff I organized it
I'm enormous ly gratified and excited
that the court has held that members of
Congress have legal standing to enforce
the chief anti-corruption provision in
the United States Constitution we're
saying to the president under the
Constitution you must come to Congress
for consent if you accept payments
benefits maturities from foreign
governments which he has done repeatedly
with impunity now we have the standing
to proceed with our case it is a real
milestone Senator Richard Blumenthal
thank you very much for joining us we
appreciate it Thank You Katie hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more me to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
