leann Caldwell all eyes are still on
senators Murkowski and Collins flake has
already said he was gonna vote YES for
this nominee are we to believe that he
could change his mind if Moore comes out
in the FBI investigation or do you
believe he sets and then secondly what
do you think's gonna happen with
Murkowski and Collins is this cover for
them to vote YES or are they really
holding back their decision until they
know more sure Katie so first this was
quite a remarkable development that
happened today if when we started the
morning we did not think that this was
going to happen Democrats have been
calling for an FBI investigation now for
weeks and Republicans were not giving in
as far as if flake is able to
potentially vote no I think it's
absolutely going to determine on what
the FBI comes out with you know
yesterday in the hearing mark Cabot
or Brett Kavanaugh kept saying that the
FBI doesn't come to conclusions but they
do lay out the facts right and so that
has given senators an opening to vote
depending on what the facts are that's
what the Democrats have been calling for
that's what they've wanted for Susan
Collins and Lisa Murkowski you know
they've been holding out here they've
been these key critical senators
everyone's been watching them we do know
that Murkowski was on the phone with
flake in the committee room just outside
the committee room talking about this
proposal susan collins was as well
they are withholding judgment right now
and i think that this is going to give
them perhaps cover to vote yes if
there's nothing damning that comes out
of this FBI investigation I think they
can move forward and more and more clear
conscious but if something does come out
I think that what they're going to
assess the facts and determine on what
their votes going to be based on what
the FBI says Katie and again a reminder
to all of our viewers of all of the
Democrats vote no for this nominee it
only takes two more Republicans to vote
no as well in order to sink the
nomination some Rakowski and Collins
would do just that hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that butt
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more meet to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
