let's look at beach week Ralph's Club
biggest contributor what does the word
ralph mean in that that probably refers
to throwing up I'm known to have a weak
stomach anyone who's known me like a lot
of these people behind me known me my
whole life no you know I got a weak
stomach whether it's with beer or with
spicy food or anything so the vomiting
that you reference in the Ralph's Club
reference related to the consumption of
alcohol Sarah I was the top of my class
academically busted my butt in school
and did the word Ralph's
you used a question if you're late
alcohol I like for that I like beer I
don't know if you don't like beer
senator and what do you like to direct
one is Senator what are you Democrats on
the Senate Judiciary Committee
repeatedly press Brett Kavanaugh during
yesterday's hearing about his drinking
in high school the committee expected to
vote on Cavanaugh Supreme Court
nomination this morning with the
possibility of a full Senate
confirmation vote taking place early
next week
joining us now from Capitol Hill a
member of the Judiciary Committee
Democratic senator Sheldon Whitehouse of
Rhode Island who you saw in that clip
senator thanks for being with us this
morning
do you have any expectation that Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination will not move out
of the Judiciary Committee when they
vote in about an hour I don't at this
point I think they rallied from dr.
Ford's quietly devastating testimony
yesterday with that display of what
somebody called tribal belligerents
waving the bloody partisan shirt and
rallying everybody to the flag and I
think for their purposes it worked and
we'll see whether the American people
thought that was a fair way to treat dr.
Ford and the issue of whether or not she
was sexually assaulted by this man they
want to put on the Supreme Court
so that means senator that Jeff Flake
would have to vote yes to get it out of
the Judiciary Committee have you spoken
to him about his
vote I have not you called last week
senator that we go back to square one
and have an FBI investigation of all
lists you still feel that way after
yesterday's testimony from both dr. Ford
and Judge Cavanaugh without a doubt the
most basic thing that an alleged victim
of sexual assault is entitled to is a
sincere and thorough investigation of
her claims and they shut down the FBI
background investigation that would have
allowed that to happen they contented
themselves with things like a lawyer's
letter from the accomplice alleged to be
in the room during the assault now
imagine for a second that there was a
third person in the room with President
Clinton and Monica Lewinsky do you think
that Cavanaugh would ever content
himself with a lawyer's letter from that
person of course not you'd investigate
fully you cross-examine you'd get FBI
agents out there you'd issue subpoenas
you do what you needed to do to get the
truth and they've done everything they
can do to avoid getting at the truth and
why do you suspect that Republicans on
the committee do not want this FBI
investigation as some have said it could
be done in a week you track down and
subpoena mark judge find out what he
knows exactly and be able to press him
beyond just reading a letter provided by
his attorney yeah I think it because it
raises the prospect that things go very
badly for judge Kavanaugh once mark
judge is under oath and once people
start looking for other corroborating
evidence start interviewing the other
folks who are at the gathering at which
this assault is alleged to are occurred
start looking for other corroborating
evidence do all the things that the FBI
always does it turns out badly for
Kavanaugh as soon as it does at the end
I'll come to the mark judge doesn't
that obviously Republicans those around
Cavanaugh the White House don't want the
FBI the question mark judge about the
habits of his best friend and am during
high school yeah obviously but since
he's also the named witness to the
alleged sexual assault he becomes a
pretty important person to get the truth
from it's not like we're just rushing
around trying to find people who knew
Brett Kavanaugh in high school and have
the FBI investigate them this is the guy
who she puts in the room when Brett
Kavanaugh is assaulting her and the idea
that he's never been properly deposed
never been properly interrogated never
had a statement taken under oath never
been touched contacted by the FBI never
been subpoenaed by the committee there's
no other circumstance where Cavanaugh
himself would accept that as legitimate
investigator behavior did the Democrats
have a chance to talk to judge to
investigate to cross-examine judge
because Republicans are saying that a
lot of Democrats stayed out of the
process protest it didn't get involved
did you have a chance a week or so ago
to go and interview judge no under no
circumstances was never offered to me I
never had any such thing in fact I was
told that a judge had refused to be
interviewed and and Republicans refused
to issue a subpoena yes the easiest way
to do this is just you a subpoena it's
really clear and Democrats asked for
that subpoena we asked for him to be
called as a witness so in effect yes
because he would have had to come
unwillingly because he'd made clear that
he wouldn't come willingly so a subpoena
would be the vehicle but he was on the
list of witnesses do we ask to have
called so sooner what do you say to
Americans who
are concerned that a Supreme Court
nomination could be determined by 36
year old entries in the yearbooks
drinking habits of high school kids and
I guess even urban the meaning of of
words that you can find in urban
dictionaries I don't think that those
yearbook entries are disqualifying
themselves the only thing that's
disqualifying in all of this is if he
sexually assaulted dr. Ford and is now
not being truthful about it and since he
has not been properly investigated and
since judge the witness in the room has
not even been close to properly
investigated we really don't know so we
have to rely on clues like the
contemporaneous statements that he made
in his yearbook and it's only to the
extent that those reflect on his
testimony that he wasn't a big drinker
that he treated women with respect and
then you look at those things in the
yearbook and suddenly it looks like he
was a hell of a big drinker and he very
casually disrespected women that that
conflict then becomes relevant but take
away the allegation of sexual assault
and I think Americans can be quite happy
that no Supreme Court nominee will be
blown up over some inadvertent high
school yearbook word so senator this is
Joyce Vance
this is not a criminal trial there's no
effort to prove guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt here what's the
standard that senators use in making
their decision about who to believe and
how to vote it's up to each senator
actually there's nothing in the
Constitution that puts a burden of proof
with regard to advise and consent you
would like to think that if somebody was
going to be put on the United States
Supreme Court you would have run down
all the leads and made sure they were
not a molester basically in their youth
and that they had not lied about that
and we find that out
with a proper investigation but the
extent to which people hang their vote
on a particular standard is entirely up
to them and at this point after
yesterday's display I think it's gone
almost totally tribal senator Susan Dell
/ CEO here I actually agree with that
statement about going tribal but if
should judge Kavanaugh come through this
hearing and become a Supreme Court
justice
would you support impeachment hearings
on him I think that miss Ford and the
other women who've come forward are
entitled to what every woman who comes
forward is entitled to which is a proper
and thorough investigation I agree the
first step that you would want to
undertake I don't think we need to talk
about impeachment until we find out what
happened and so I do think that even if
he goes on to the court first of all I
think we're kind of under bound to try
to get to the actual facts here and
second over time the real facts have a
funny way of coming out so I think the
hourglass is running on Brett Kavanaugh
in terms of the truth eventually coming
out senator as you know dr. Ford's
letter was sent to Dianne Feinstein on
July the 30th senator Feinstein's office
referred to the FBI and September the
12th was it a mistake for senator
Feinstein to sit on that letter that
long perhaps but you have to understand
that you were dealing with a woman
sexual assault victim who testified
yesterday that she had ardently asked
Diane to keep it private senator as best
I can tell dr. Ford had told sufficient
people in her circle who might have told
others that press in California began to
ask her questions and follow her around
and
that the story then came through the
Washington Post where she had originally
dr. Ford had originally as she testified
yesterday left a tip on the hotline and
the reporter followed up with her
ultimately so as best I can tell that's
how it all became public through those
two avenues can you see those Center why
some Republicans Lindsey grandmothers
and conservatives view this as some kind
of a game that you waited till the
eleventh hour to bring this out publicly
I think if you want to go down the road
of conspiracy theories and if you want
to overlook the importance to a woman
deciding whether or not to come forward
and identify herself into this toxic
environment you could you could go there
but I think it really deprecates the way
victims of sexual assault should be
treated and it really deprecates the
concern witnesses have about coming
forward particularly into the storm of
abuse that they receive in this
particular circumstance all right
senator Sheldon Whitehouse we'll let you
go vote with the rest of the Judiciary
Committee now in less than an hour
thanks for your time this morning we
appreciate it
good to be with you Joyce let me just
ask you about the gap between the
Feinstein receiving the letter in her
office on the 30th and referring to the
FBI in September that 12 in the midst of
this confirmation process anything fishy
there to you as a prosecutor you know
there really isn't first off I would
always honor victim confidentiality and
if in fact a victim in this sort of a
situation didn't want her information
disclosed you would hold on to it and
you would forgo using it in the process
but that didn't happen here at some
point this information got out and it
was used senator Feinstein was asked
about that yesterday she said she and
questioned her staff that the leak was
not from her staff and now there's this
story emerging that hasn't yet been
tested or fully explained about the leak
coming through dr. Ford's friends I
suspect that that will turn on whether
the what was leaked was information
about the story and her identity or
whether the letter itself was leaked
which would seem to indicate it came out
of Senate chambers all right thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
collect
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
