you consume alcohol during your high
school years yes we drank beer my
friends and I the boys and girls yes we
drank beer
I liked beer still liked beer we drank
beer the drinking aids as I knowed it
was 18 so the seniors were legal senior
year in high school people were legal to
drink and we drink yeah we drank beer
and I said sometimes sometimes probably
had too many beers and sometimes other
people had too many beers we drank beer
we liked beer what do you consider to be
too many beers I don't know
you know we whatever the chart says an
implied alcohol chart and that exchange
was the last we heard from prosecutor
Rachel Mitchell during much of Christine
Blasi Ford's testimony yesterday
Republicans on the Judiciary Committee
sat in silence behind Mitchell they did
not even speak to say they were yielding
their time to her chairman Grassley did
the speaking for them but then Senator
Lindsey Graham reclaimed his time during
Cavanaugh's portion of the testimony
using it to slam his Democratic
colleagues if you wanted an FBI
investigation you could have come to us
what you want to do is destroy this
guy's life hold this seat open and hope
you win in 2020 you said that not me
you've got nothing to apologize for
when you see Sotomayor and Kagan tell
them that Lindsay said all because I
voted for them I would never do to them
what you've done to this guy this is the
most unethical sham since I've been in
politics and that was just part of it
joining us now from Capitol Hill MSNBC
correspondent Garrett hey Garrett good
morning so what is Senator Graham's role
in all this he was we saw a preview of
this in the break between the two sets
of testimonies when he went out to the
cameras and began this sort of argument
what was he doing yesterday Willie if
Britt Cavanaugh ends up on the Supreme
Court by this time next week he needs to
send Lindsey Graham a fruit basket or
something because that moment yesterday
was so pivotal and it's been tell
graphed by Lindsey Graham all week long
every chance he has gotten he has made
versions of this argument to reporters
up here on the Capitol saying that if a
man can be brought down by an accusation
like this without proof every person on
the Capitol is vulnerable and in the
course of that hearing yesterday being
in the room you could watch him getting
angrier and angrier and more and more
frustrated during the course of the
hearing until that moment exploded on
television but he was saying a lot of
the same things out in the hallways
talking to reporters here's some of that
conversation when they say that she
wasn't sure we were willing to go out
there that's a bunch of bull I don't
know what they told miss Ford but we
were willing to go to California we were
told she couldn't fly all I can say is
it were 40 something days away from the
election and their goal not miss Ford's
goal is to lay this past the midterms so
they can win the Senate and never allow
Trump to fill the seat I believe that
now more than ever I don't know who paid
for a polygraph but somebody did the
friends on the other side set it up to
be just the way it is
I feel ambushed and for folks who felt
like the testimony they were seeing in
the room was disturbing and ugly and
just not the kind of politics we like to
see the scenes in the hallways were
similar
Graham was also confronted by someone in
the hallway who told him that she had
been raped here was the response
well it was just as contentious of a
scene in the hallways in every building
in the capital between folks watching
this protesters on the hill lawmakers
the motion just absolutely dialed up to
11 all day long so Garrett they're a
handful of undecided votes on Cavanaugh
versus got to get out of the Justice the
Judiciary Committee where do they stand
this morning we know that Murkowski and
Collins and others were huddled last
night including Jeff Flake to decide
what to do after watching that testimony
yesterday right really this is entirely
too familiar the two female Republican
senators who've been at the middle of
every contentious decision up here are
once again doing so once again with the
now senior senator from Arizona in this
case Jeff Flake you mentioned Collins
Murkowski flake and Joe Manchin all met
in Susan Collins hideaway their small
office in the Capitol immediately after
this hearing concluded before meeting
with the rest of their Republican
colleagues discussing some of the way
forward on this none of those folks
would discuss really anything about what
had gone on in that meeting Collins and
Murkowski both told some of my
colleagues last night that they were
going home to think about this we did
catch up with Jeff Flake and you can
just see on his face in the clip we're
about to play how anguished he was about
making this decision watch this
without switch ever way
the nature this
there's nowhere you can leave
here in the circle
completely right he's right she's wrong
she's right he's wrong my newest
you're never certain you just do the
best you can that's what we're trying to
do really we won't have to wait too long
to know what kind of decision Flake made
remember he's the only one of those
swing votes on the committee itself so
we'll know how he's voting potentially
as early as 9:30 10:00 o'clock this
morning
all right Garrett Haake on Capitol Hill
Garrett thanks very much so it's
interesting first of all Lindsey Graham
has gone from being John McCain's
wingman
in politics to becoming Donald Trump's
carnival barker I mean he was amazing
trip for it had an audience of one
depressing
a month after McCain I got John McCain
the guy who worked with Ted Kennedy it
worked with people across the aisle who
was attacked for actually trying to have
the the courage political courage to be
bipartisan and look at Lindsey Graham
now Abby's proud of himself
so anyway Collins Murkowski mansion
Donnelly have sort of had this pact Jean
and where they were gonna either all go
with him
you know or all go against him and that
we have flake and you just wonder
whether he's gonna be part of that pact
as well so that way nobody has to cast
the deciding vote to either put him on
the court or take him off the court
there they're still hovering there I've
got to say just I mean we know Joe very
well I haven't talked to him about this
it's going to be very hard for a West
Virginia senator to vote against
Cavanaugh given that probably 70% of
people in West Virginia I would just
guessing would probably support his
elevation to the bench you know I am
from I've given up thinking that there's
a lot that Joe Manchin can't do in West
Virginia if he really wants to I mean no
I don't think anybody knows that
electric better than then mansion he's
well ahead
in the polls in his race right in the
state that is arguably the Trump iasts
in it there's the Trump II as I can
think of
yet mansion is is leading he was
governor there he's been Senator for a
long time he he really knows his way
around so I actually think mansion's got
more latitude here than a lot of people
would give him credit for hey he can
vote no and he can get away with her on
the other side it's hard for me to
imagine Susan Collins after saying that
she's been a pro-choice candidate
throughout her entire career selling
herself as a pro-choice candidate can't
somehow I know she said that he's not
going to alter roe v wade if she
believes that today I feel genuinely
sorry for her that she has been in
Washington that long and doesn't
understand what's happening if Cavanaugh
becomes Supreme Court justice and I say
that is a guy that you know that voted
pro-life my entire career in Congress
but how does Susan Collins support Brett
Kavanaugh after yesterday after that the
hostility and after the clear indication
that he is going to be an ideologically
right-wing justice for the next 40 years
and I think while she may have been
undecided before yesterday's testimony
this probably should have shifted her
more to the know given the way we know
she thinks and this is a vote of
conscience for her she does not have to
go along get along and go along she can
take a vote of conscience so can a few
others but she really should she has to
stand up and show what she is stant you
know what what matters to her she's up
for reelection in two years I don't
think she's going to seek reelection
this could be her moment to have equally
impacted the court for the next 30
I agree I say one more thing about
Lindsey Graham I think he's got a point
and I think a lot of people watching
might agree that it's a difficult place
to be if one accusation can end a career
right in any field agree but if he
believes that why not have a law
enforcement body look into it and see
whether or not it happened it may not be
conclusive but why not have somebody
else look into it so it's not just as he
believes one accusation but the findings
of the FBI or some other third-party
institution because what you logically
say Joyce Jean what you logically say
this is a scam they are setting him up
they are lying about him they are trying
to destroy his career on for accusations
that no one has been able to
independently verify not one and he can
be screaming that not one and that is
why we need the FBI to go and if that's
what you would logically say unless you
were trying to scream yell distract her
and then call about the next day you
know something that the FBI does when
they investigate it's not as it was
portrayed yesterday just these 302s that
are meaningless 3ot no they make it
sound like they just go at smoke a
cigarette what I'm gonna record you
we're just drinking over there and we're
gonna leave you know two guys who show
up on your doorstep in a Crown Vic they
are but you know you're speaking under
penalty of perjury and I spoke yesterday
with people who had participated in
judicial vetting and they reminded me
that one of the things that the FBI does
is that they can talk to witnesses who
don't want to be publicly identified and
so they show up in the reports as t1 or
t2 and that's how they're designated and
what that does is it gives the FBI tips
that they can then go and follow up on
they don't take the anonymous sources at
face value but they can follow up on
those leads they can go back to the
candidate and question that nominee
about events that they're told about it
gives them a fuller process but in this
case we know that there are specifics
when did Mark judge work at Safeway
you know dr. Ford asked repeatedly for
that date so that she could specify
things the FBI can do a lot
here T no I was just gonna say a word
about Jeff Flake actually who whose
anguish we saw visibly there he can
express that angry anguish he vote this
is what the committee has a vote in the
Senate
he's a man speech has thought a lot he's
given a lot of interview very stirring
words threatened a sensible word he's
written about worst words yet and he's
written about it's never translating the
vote has him maybe today still ahead
more on the fallout from yesterday's
hearing and how it could escalate into
more ugliness axis Jonathan Swan joins
us with his new reporting and we'll be
joined by Democratic member of the
Judiciary Committee senator Sheldon
Whitehouse Morning Joe we'll be right
back thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
