it turns out that many Republicans
running for the House and Senate are
also being less than generous to put it
kindly in their attempts to get votes
when it comes to the issue of health
care well there's another way to put it
they're lying yeah and they're following
the president's lead a recent Fox News
poll shows the popularity of Obamacare
scoring higher than the Republican tax
plan by nine points and Republicans want
in on that never mind their repeated
attempts to kill the law they tried to
kill the law
Florida's rick scott becomes the latest
in a string of republicans to claim they
support forcing insurers to cover
pre-existing conditions a key protection
of obamacare i support forcing insurance
companies to cover pre-existing
conditions I support forcing insurance
companies to cover all pre-existing
conditions I'm fighting to protect
pre-existing conditions Kevin Cramer
voted for guaranteed coverage for
pre-existing conditions I'm taking on
both parties and fighting for those with
pre-existing conditions everyone agrees
we're going to protect pre-existing
conditions I'm committed to protecting
people the pre-existing conditions I do
protect folks with pre-existing
conditions that is just absurd to think
that I wouldn't do that
the Wisconsin pre-existing conditions
are covering as long as I'm governor
they always will always protect
Americans with pre-existing conditions
Willie oh my god they're all lying let's
just start with the Rick Scott in
Florida he says I will I will make sure
that insurance companies have to pay for
pre-existing conditions Willie did you
know that he's in charge at the head of
a lawsuit to do what he's suing to make
sure that insurance companies do not
have to cover pre-existing conditions
all those other Republicans you know
what they did as well they also are
either suing to make sure that insurance
companies don't have to
support pre-existing conditions are they
voted in Congress to make sure that
insurance companies don't have to pay
for pre-existing conditions they're all
lying through their teeth and this is
very simple believe this is very same
everyone up shame everyone you just saw
there is telling a lie to the voters who
they want to vote for them in their
respective states there are 18 states
involved in a multi-state lawsuit to
repeal Obamacare you might remember that
Obamacare protects people with
pre-existing conditions and bans
insurance companies from denying them
coverage or charging them more for
coverage Rick Scott is the governor of
the state of Florida when pressed on
this Joe he says actually it's just the
Attorney General Pam Bondi who's
performing this lawsuit as if he has no
say in the matter as the governor of the
state whatsoever he also I would add in
Joe in 2010 ran his governor's campaign
on repealing Obamacare so he means it
when he says he wants to repeal
Obamacare
don't believe the ad I mean there it is
really Eddie Glaude good lord this is we
talked about lying yesterday it is my
grandma would say I thought we already
had given gracious plenty in the terms
of examples but when you have somebody
like rick scott you have other governors
get all of these people that have voted
you know dean heller i'm for
pre-existing conditions i know it's just
that they're lying so bad yes yes they
think the donald trump can do this and
get away with it every one of these guys
every one of them have voted against
pre-existing conditions or are suing to
stop insurance companies from having to
deal with pre-existing conditions they
know Ted Cruz lyin Ted is he lyin Ted is
hey what is it wedding donald trump say
he holds a Bible up hide then he brings
it down and life-sized life well there
is it the words of Donald Trump lyin Ted
how many times is lying Ted voted to
repeal Obamacare and strip Americans of
the rights of pre-existing condition
like I'm sure it's in the dozens you
know it's it's amazing and it actually
connects with the opening segment around
their failure and disdain for due
process because in the lying to the
American people there's a disdain for
everyday ordinary folks you know Joe
we're from the south these people think
everyday ordinary people are just booboo
the fool because they could easily I do
them anytime they want to and so when
you have folks who want to flout the the
due process and folks who really don't
believe that everyday ordinary American
voters are smart enough to discern when
folks are lying to them
you have folk who really don't care
about the fundamentals of democracy and
every time they tell this kind of lies
not just simply politics it goes it cuts
to something much deeper they are
willing to throw the basic framework of
democracy out the window and in some
ways they're willing to throw the basic
framework of liberalism out the window
because they just lie and with impunity
I think a sense in the broader sense yes
with the small L so caddy here's the
thing it proves two things that yet Rick
Scott coming down the homestretch and he
feels it after being governor for eight
years he's got to lie about his record
for eight years and he's got to lie
about supporting pre-existing conditions
and all these other people I think it
shows two things one they're they're
they're actually desperate they're
looking at their polls and they're
seeing that it really hurts them that
they've been trying to gut health care
protections for Americans and number two
that the Democrats message is working
health care health care health care
which some people have mocked this week
health care seems to be drawing
political blood and so that's forcing
people like Rick Scott did just start
lying here's what's make this even more
iniquitous just this week the Trump
administration is trying to expand the
reach of plans that don't allow for
pre-existing conditions skimpier plan so
at the very time that you have all of
these Republicans out on the campaign
trail saying I'm affirmed supporter of
pre-existing conditions you also have
the White House say well actually yeah
but we'd like more plans that don't have
pre-existing conditions as well so
continuously trying to chip away at the
thing that has become incredibly
pila we've been saying this for the last
two or three years that as we've watched
the Obamacare approval numbers rise we
knew this was going to be an election
issue and that the Democrats should
carry on running on it I don't think
it's gonna help Rick Scott very much I
just got back from Florida last night he
is not his even if you disbelieve some
of those poll ratings that have just
come out in the last couple of days he's
not doing well in the polls in the state
and suddenly saying that he's in favor
of something that the whole state knows
that he has tried to do away with
I just don't think voters are that
stupid they know what Republicans have
tried to do to Obamacare for the last
few years well of course of course
there's so much smarter than Rick Scott
thinks they are Rick Scott and all those
other people Dana Walker give me a break
Ted Cruz I know why Donald Trump called
you lyin Ted never of course we sort
know they've been trying again to repeal
Obamacare and here you have again mika
rick scott's own administration suing
yeah and then you've got all these
republicans who have said no no we don't
want that Medicaid money no no people in
their states have known for eight years
that that's actually been their deal
they've wanted to gut pre-existing
conditions they wanted to gut health
care protections they wanted to gut
protections through Medicaid for people
in in nursing homes for for for the just
actually the the most truly
disadvantaged and a lot of middle class
people struggling and so what are
they're doing at the end to put an out
30-second ads and hoping that people are
too stupid to forget how they've acted
for eight years
apparently meek if you look at the poll
numbers especially in Florida it's not
working well this is one thing the
voters care about and we'll look into
they will want to know the truth for
themselves because this applies to them
yeah I mean it's not like the caravan
like caravan that Trump's lying about
that doesn't really affect them that's
just that's symbolic it's like that
April caravan we're trumping Fox News
said thousands and thousands people are
inve ended up like 11 people and like
you know a hound dog made it to the
border and tried to get across illegally
they stopped them and sent them back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
