if you were advising dr. Ford ahead of
this massive day what would you tell her
well the first thing I would tell her is
to be yourself the most important thing
here for the public to see it's not just
the Senators it's also the public it's
who she is because a lot of the
conversation that's happening around
this confirmation hearing has turned to
credibility obviously there's a lot of
information we won't get in this hearing
about credibility because other
witnesses are not being called because
the FBI background check has not been
reopened so since it's really what she
is going to say in what Brett Kavanaugh
is gonna say the question becomes who is
she let the public see who she is so
that folks can feel like they know what
kind of person she is unfortunately and
I say unfortunately because this isn't
the litmus test for whether or not
someone gets a job promotion but
unfortunately it's become about the
people as opposed to the position and we
have to remind our audience this is not
a trial
there is no we're not talking about a
criminal case it's a job interview
Republicans at least brought in Rachel
Mitchell to do the questioning and
earlier this week I couldn't understand
it why they're saying we need to do this
for optics
if optics was their priority they could
have said years ago maybe we should try
to elect more women but is it a positive
and that we're gonna get less
grandstanding she's there to ask
questions well Senator John Kennedy of
Louisiana was on Morning Joe yesterday
and he explained that they decided to
make this decision to keep the circus
atmosphere down and that was something
that dr. Ford's the her attorneys and
cutting herds because they didn't want
the grandstanding the political
campaigning that had dominated the first
hearing and so while understandably it's
upsetting that senators themselves are
not questioning dr. Ford because that is
their job hopefully it will keep the
tempo down a little bit if that is
remotely possible but given that she's
there you know she has a prosecutors
background doesn't she need more
questions answered wouldn't an
investigation help her actually get her
job done today exactly I think an
investigation is is
exactly what is needed in this
particular instance listen she has made
some very strong allegations against
Brett Kavanaugh and they appear to be
credible there's a likelihood that
they're credible and what you do in that
instance is often open an investigation
and I can't understand why Brett
Kavanaugh would want an investigation
and I can't understand why these
senators who sit on this Judiciary
Committee wouldn't want an investigation
because what that does is it gives this
entire process legitimacy and their
inability to do that I think takes away
from what it is that they're trying to
accomplish which is to have Brett
Kavanaugh ascend to the Supreme Court
without an air of illegitimate II with
strength with conviction and so forth
then Andrew what do you believe
Republican senators are looking for
today and do they have open minds
because it was only just a few days ago
orrin hatch giving us the dr. Ford must
be mixed up but do you think they're
actually listening I think there are a
handful of Republican senators who are
listening and they're not just on the
Judiciary Committee there are a number
of others I know of that Mitch McConnell
does not have nailed down yet he's
projecting confidence that he has the
votes on the floor as this gets out of
committees already scheduling it trying
to push it through giving the aura of
inevitability but I think there are a
number of Republicans and some key
Democrats as well from red states who
the Republicans felt would be forced to
go with Kavanagh who are also looking
for any kind of political cover here an
excuse not to go ahead with it one thing
that gets back to what you were saying
is that this is really all now not so
much about facts but about the
presentations and the the way these two
people appear not only to the people on
the committee but to the American people
when I was covering Clarence Thomas and
Anita Hill 27 years ago after the first
day we thought Anita Hill had just sold
her story she was so authentic so
credible then they brought Clarence
Thomas in and when he said you know this
is nothing but a high-tech lynching
there was this moment and by Saturday
night Sunday morning when I was on Meet
the Press even some of the Liberal
Democratic senators had
clearly been backed off they had done
overnight polling and they had decided
that the American people were deciding
with him it was a classic he said she
said and that's when they decided the
majority Democrats decided not to let
her introduce her polygraph test not to
let her introduce a key corroborating
witness that she had so that's when they
decided to short-circuit the whole thing
but but this is why many people are
saying Republicans don't have open minds
here it doesn't have to be he said she
said they could open a brief
investigation you know when you look at
the new allegations whether it's from
dr. Ford Debbie Ramirez or the
allegations we've seen in the last 24
hours
there are as many questions if not more
than there are answers why wouldn't
people who want them answer I mean I
think what everyone at this table would
say is this could have been resolved
potentially with Mark judge but they're
so afraid to call him the fact that they
did not in a case like this an issue
like this call someone who is in the
room how often in a sexual assault case
or an allegation do you have a witness
and even a participant a third person
it's so rare and so to not have it had
done any kind of interrogation of him
even if it's not on camera just some
khludov affidavit with committee staff
preferably with the FBI is really
malfeasance it's not for politics for
Brett Kavanaugh and his family's own
name I found it striking when Brett
Kavanaugh and his wife Ashley did the
Fox News interview the other night and
his wife was directly asked wouldn't you
want would you want an FBI investigation
to clear your husband's name she looked
at her husband he took the he took the
question and pivoted and didn't answer
and this is so confusing because I think
everyone can have complete sympathy with
Brett Kavanaugh saying I want the
opportunity to clear my name but the way
you clear your name is by having neutral
nonpartisan trained investigators dig
into all of the witnesses who are now
identifying themselves around his
behavior and remember that Michael
avenatti last night said criminal
charges
those are his name out of his mouth
Andrea thank you so much Andrea Mitchell
I want to bring
another strong woman Nina Totenberg into
the conversation NPR's legal affairs
correspondent she broke the story of
Anita Hills allegations against Clarence
Thomas back in 1991 Nina I want to play
part of what the president said about
all of this yesterday well it does
impact my opinion you know why because
I've had a lot of false charges made
against me but one fame they want money
they won whatever so when I see it I've
you it differently than somebody sitting
home watching television where they say
Oh judge cavern or this or that it's
happened to me many times so when you
say does it affect me in terms of my
thinking with respect to judge Kavanagh
absolutely because I've had it many
times
Wow Nina can you decode that for us what
is the president saying he's saying I've
had this happen to me
and I was he never says I was innocent
he said it's magenta Feist with
Cavanaugh in this battle at the same
time he also said well I'm gonna be
watching too
and I'm gonna see and we'll see in the
famous trumpian words and that is not
the kind of full-throated endorsement
that the nominee has gotten without a
without equivocation over the previous
day's the translation of that I think
was well let's see how she does and he
does and if it gets not good for us I'm
willing to pull the plug Midway no I
want to share what Cavanaugh has even
said in the last 24 hours because he's
changing his story a bit when it comes
to character because again this is a job
interview for the highest court in the
land and it is about how you conduct
yourself here's what he said on Monday s
there were parties and the drinking age
was 18 and yes the seniors will legal
and had beer there
yes people might have had too many beers
on occasion and people generally in high
school I think all of us have probably
done things we look back on in high
school and regret or cringe a bit now
this morning he will testify that quote
I drank beer with my friends sometimes I
had too many I said and did things in
high school that make me cringe now is
that an important distinction because
when he did that Fox News interview he
certainly painted a very innocent
choirboy persona
my only priorities schoolwork community
service church and basketball and after
that interview in addition to new
accusations you saw people who had
signed letters of support withdraw their
support one woman who was in an
advertisement that was put out
supporting him said you know what I'm
gonna need you to stop running that and
it sounds like maybe he's adjusting his
position it does sound like he's
adjusting his position and I think
overall he is not consistent with his
position and if you're not consistent
with your position guess what you're not
credible and he right now at this very
moment needs to be credible as you've
said this is a job interview this is not
something that he ought to be expected
to have and I think one of the things
that we've noticed throughout this
entire process up to this point is that
there seems to have been this sort of
fit to complete in the way that this has
been handled in other words listen the
job is already yours but that's not how
it's supposed to be you're supposed to
prove that you have the character that
you have the temerity and that you were
fit for the job that's ahead of you that
really is the burden that he that is
upon him the onus that's upon him and so
for him to sort of be waffling and going
back and forth about who he was what he
did during that time it doesn't make him
credible at least is it not about how
he's conducting himself and what he's
doing this week understanding the
difference between right and wrong many
people are saying are you really gonna
go after someone for what they did when
they were 17 years old is it about that
or is it about how he's managing today
and how he views his conduct when he was
17 well first of all I think it's a bit
of an understatement to call this a job
interview at this point this is
full-blown
political warfare this is a battlefield
unlike any we've really seen in the
Trump era so he can't go back to
district court after this I think he
should be able to but that's you know
well let's see actually no I want to
hear what said today I'm like the
American public I want to hear what both
sides had today and I think that's the
problem everyone in this country has
become so quick to assume the worst
about our political enemies it's
something that we constantly have to
check and when you have a week where
accusations of a Supreme Court nominee
being involved in a criminal gang raping
drugging sex ring in high school are
surfacing the political debate is no
longer a job interview it is a
full-blown battlefield well I can
disagree with that respectfully I think
it is still a job interview and I think
this job interview would go quite well
if you just had a sort of neutral as
Maya mentioned neutral impartial
investigation that really will quell
this sort of certain that has been the
political that is if Brett Kavanaugh is
not confirmed and it is not because of
the testimony today it will be because
of the failure for there have been to be
a full investigation I want to stay on
the new allegations that we've seen in
the last 24 hours
Nina I want to read part of what the New
York Times Ed board wrote about the
allegations from Julie sweat Nick quote
these are grotesque charges and like the
previous ones they leave oceans of room
for speculation and doubt this is
precisely why the Senate needs to stop
trying to ram through this nomination by
some arbitrary deadline and arrange for
a thorough and nonpartisan inquiry it's
very different to remind our audience
it's an arbitrary deadline that today is
meaningless Chuck Grassley chose
tomorrow as the date and while everyone
can poke holes at these new allegations
from sweat Nick saying hold on what does
it mean to say that Brett Kavanaugh was
present what does it mean how do you
know it was him who spiked a drink
what's the argument to not slow things
down well the argument is frankly a
political one I asked I asked a Democrat
who's handled high-profile confirmation
battles and I said to him
if this were you forget all the facts
here if this were you would you be
pressing for a quick vote and he said
yes because time is not on their side
they've got a very short time line and
after that they totally lose control and
you see that in some measure by the
release of information at the very last
minute you see that by the fact that
they haven't sworn their witnesses you
see the release of this exam but a
couple of guys who say it may have been
us have they referred that to the
Montgomery County Police Department if
somebody's confessing to a crime did
they take the testimony under oath did
they do it jointly with the Democrats
the answer to all of those questions I
think is no time might not be on their
side but is the truth on their side and
if the truth is on their side should
time matter this is a lifetime
appointment but it's also Brett
Cavanaugh's legacy you know absolutely
and you know one of the things we've
seen over the past 24 hours is since
there are new allegations and I think we
need to be very fair to Brett Cavanaugh
on this one point Julie sweat Nick who
is Michael at vanadis client did not
actually say explicitly in her affidavit
that he participated in the gang rape
and we carefully how that gets we'd have
to be very careful about that she did
put him in the room which suggests that
he certainly didn't try to stop it if
she's telling you she's heard of in the
room or at the party as I it's a little
unclear and I think but this goes back
to the primary point they are serious
allegations they are serious as to his
character they are serious in terms of
as someone who's saying I will sit in
the highest court in the land and
responsible for upholding the law and
following the law to understand what
happened here the reality though in
terms of the politics of this is the
Republic hasn't had a choice to ask him
to pull his to pull back and say I'm out
in order in order to put up a candidate
that could be put through with with
sufficient time but if Britney Kevin off
withdrew on his own isn't that like a
tacit admission of guilt I was speaking
to the politics as opposed to his
no position doesn't mean he would have
but I think why it got it still comes
back to why he didn't ask for a
reopening of his background check in and
he could have done that over a week ago
and we could have made significant
progress he also chose to go on public
television o on Fox News which was a
highly unusual move and I think one of
the reasons we've seen these allegations
coming forward is including friends of
his from from college saying I'm his
friend and I'm telling you he would
drink to excess and and and loose that
is what was stunning to me he did a Fox
News interview on a platform friendly to
him and the outcome was some of his
allies saying I'm gonna withdraw support
things like that was the second big
mistake of the week after not pushing
the FBI to come in and investigate
having judge Cavanaugh go out on Fox
News a partisan outlet and it sacrificed
what he himself has made his big message
that he is to be a referee that he is
not for one side or for the other and so
by the white house pushing him to do
that interview that he and his wife
participated in it was a colossal fail
because then that was that illusion of
not being politicized was sacrificed for
going on Fox News and attracting a base
that was already there with him but deja
vu all over again Nina we just saw Chuck
Grassley walk into the room he was in
that room for the Anita Hill Clarence
Thomas hearing and here we are for you
who was covering it back then and and
here you are covering it today what's
the most important thing you'll be
listening for well I guess I'll be
listening for a sense of telling the
truth and who is believable and how the
both witnesses are treated especially
her because she's not part of this
process she says in her prepared
testimony that she's terrified and that
she really didn't want to come forward
so but that she wanted the information
out you know this is a classic view of
somebody who isn't part of the process
I want my information out but I don't
want my name attached to it and as any
responsible journalist will tell you you
you really can't do that
and once an Anita Hill wanted to do that
too but once the moment comes where you
it's fish or cut bait you either put
your name on it and it's important
enough to you as a citizen and she says
it is and you come forward or you don't
and I think these will be very dramatic
hearings I don't know how this business
of having a female prosecutor will will
turn out it may turn out okay for the
Republicans or they may look like
ciphers or they may not be able to stop
talking well we are wat Nina thank you
so much we are watching the room as it
fills up chuck grassley making his way
in it will certainly be an historic day
on Capitol Hill and we will be watching
this hearing Brett Kavanaugh will be
speaking first his accuser dr. Christine
glossy Ford who has arrived we don't see
her in the room yet she will be
testifying second maybe when while it is
not unheard of it is very rare for women
to come forward with false accusations
what is at stake what kind of position
has dr. Ford put herself in well you
know I've worked with sex crime victims
and women who have been victims of
violent crime domestic violence and one
of the things that I find most
astonishing about her coming forward is
that she is brave she's a very brave
woman to do this she has nothing to gain
she clearly recognized which sort of
scorned she'd be facing I think we all
know what happened with Anita Hill 27
years ago but I think she's going to be
facing questions about who she is who is
her character what do you know what is
her credibility and what is it that she
has to prove here that were saying Chuck
Grassley making his way and he just
spoke to reporters for a moment we
didn't get that sound we'll try to bring
that back for you in just a moment
victims rights advocates Mya are
certainly trying to separate the
politics from the accusations here
the most recent accusations michael
avenatti is in the mix and while we know
nobody can throw bombs and get the
attention like Michael avenatti can you
know much like Donald Trump does it hurt
does it does it hurt dr. Ford does it
hurt
these other women to make a choice like
avenatti because he is hyper political I
mean not long ago he was in Iowa some
people say this guy wants to run for
president well and he has said he could
be done Trump I I think that the
important thing here is one people get
to choose their own lawyers you know so
obviously Julie szolnok had the
opportunity to decide who she wanted to
represent her I think it is unfortunate
that it further politicizes what should
be significantly less political which is
the issue of what happened here and what
happened to very real people her
allegations are quite stunning I think
one thing that's very clear in them is
that they corroborate a type of behavior
right and she's not the only one to
corroborate this type of behavior
including us as we've heard even Friends
of of Judge Cavanaugh's who've come
forward and said yeah that is actually
the way we behaved he drank a lot and
sometimes so that part of it should not
get lost when we're thinking about
credibility credibility doesn't actually
establish all the facts but certainly
dr. Ford is walking into that room with
a lot of corroboration of aspects of her
story about how he behaves and that
shouldn't unfortunately the Michael
avenatti aspects to that can help kind
of paper over the fact that there is
that type of corroboration about
behavior which in the context of someone
who's going to be sitting in the Supreme
Court does matter
not necessarily whether there's guilt
and in criminal context but certainly in
terms of the character someone is going
to be sitting in the Supreme Court and
it goes back to doctor excuse me judge
Kavanagh in his Fox interview this week
voluntarily painting himself to look so
very innocent voluntarily talking about
the time in which he lost his virginity
to me I'm going what is he telling us
and then and then following that you've
got other Yale students saying well he
didn't tell me that back in the 80s at
least did the most recent accuser
Juliette Nick need that need a Michael
avenatti style attorney because Debbie
Ramirez his attorney was on rachel
maddow of the other
saying they can't even get a call back
from Republicans and we know that
avenatti gets all the attention he wants
well in having Michael avenatti as her
attorney is a political gift to
partisans who want to attack him as
trying to milk this for attention and
they wanted to track from what the
actual accusations are which keep in
mind the accusations in that affidavit
are explosive if those accusations are
true this is they are accusations of a
criminal drug date rape rape lineup
conspiracy that potentially affected
hundreds of women in the early 80s of
merit it was the the biggest one of the
biggest sex crimes in the history of
this country
okay can we need to step back a little
bit because where I'll disagree is not
the culture unfortunately is one in
which there's way too much violence
against women and girls and we know that
if you're between 16 and 19 you're four
times more likely to be the victim of a
sexual crime so that's number one so
it's not it's not about whether there
was a conspiracy it's more about whether
there was a culture of behavior and did
Breck have not participated in that
culture and continued recognize that
that was bad behavior back in the 80s
and things must be very different now
but to blanketly deny it if the
accusations pile up could be worrisome
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
