the Cavanaugh confirmation was rocked
with another allegation today from the
accuser who remains anonymous Republican
senator Cory Gardner received an
anonymous letter that he passed along to
the Senate Judiciary Committee the
letter says I will remain anonymous but
I feel obligated to inform you of this
1998 incident involving Brett Kavanaugh
when he was authored of the Starr report
my daughter from Boulder Colorado
occasionally socialized with Brett
Kavanaugh she and a group of four
including Kavanagh met in Washington DC
bar her friend was dating him when they
left the bar under the influence of
alcohol they were all shocked when Brett
Kavanaugh shoved her friend
up against the wall very aggressively
and sexually they were at least there
were at least four witnesses including
my daughter her friend still traumatized
called my daughter yesterday September
21st 2018 wondering what to do about it
they decided to remain anonymous joining
our discussion now Lisa graves former
chief counsel for nominations from the
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary
Committee and a former Deputy Assistant
Attorney General mica o yang former
staff member for the House Armed
Services Committee the House
Intelligence Committee that is and
former chief of staff to congresswoman
Anna Eshoo who was the first member of
Congress who dr. Ford communicated with
about her sexual assault charges and
Dalia Lewthwaite senior editor and legal
correspondent for slate.com Lisa graves
I want to go to you first about this
anonymous letter that the Judiciary
Committee has and has been reading what
can the Judiciary Committee do with a
communication like that well it's
certainly possible for senator Gardner
to reach back out that person assuming
that it's anonymous in the letter but
that perhaps they know the identity of
that of that person or there could be an
appeal for that person to come forward I
think what you're about to see tomorrow
is a hearing that has a number of people
who should be in the room missing from
that room including a mark judge
including two other women whose
statements about Brett Kavanaugh have
come forward this week including the
girlfriend of Mark judge perhaps and
perhaps this
this person who comes forward from 1998
because there's a pattern emerging here
and right now the hearing is stacked not
to reveal that in fact to reveal the
opposite to have someone come forward
dr. Ford and then have Brechtian ah say
a bunch of denials to the American
people when a denial is the most
predictable thing to hear in this case
it's what you almost always hear when
someone is accused of rape or sexual
misconduct and Mikki Miko yang we're
seeing the play out in real-time the
reasons why the people who are trying to
move something forward in the Senate or
the house always want to do it as
quickly as possible because every day it
doesn't move is another day for
something to get in its way every day
something bigger seems to be getting in
Brett Cavanaugh's way the Republicans
knew about some of these accusations
that had not yet become public when they
were trying to force this thing forward
to a vote this week yeah the stakes are
very high here the term the Supreme
Court term starts the beginning of
October there are in a big rush to try
and get this resolved but the risk here
is that you put someone who is a serial
sexual predator on the highest court in
the land and so from that perspective
they really need to get to the bottom of
these allegations and not just hear
cursorily from one witness but hear from
others who might have been present at
some of these other parties and hear
from the whole range of people because
the stakes are very high this is about
someone who will sit in judgment of the
entire nation and they should be held to
the highest moral standard and the
Republican staff of the Judiciary
Committee has been jumping on the phone
almost every day now with Brett
Kavanaugh conducting a new interview
which they then responsibly
produce as a transcript which we now
have tonight and they said to him about
this accusation from yesterday they
asked him at any point while you were
involved in the Starr investigation did
you ever shove a woman up against a wall
very aggressively or sexually as you
left a barred judge Kavanagh said no at
any point while you were involved in the
started investigation did you ever
behave violently tour
woman and judge Cavanaugh said no and
Dalia it is odd that they limited that
question to when you were involved in
the Starr investigation it's very easy
and I understand the specificity of it
because that's included in the
accusation but when you finish that form
of the question it is customary to say
did you ever do that did you do it at
any other time they very specifically
and deliberately it seems left that out
yeah I mean I think I keep remembering
it feels like a hundred years ago but I
was here a week ago how can you have a
process and what kind of process you
would do if you really were on a genuine
authentic sec finding mission as opposed
to a sort of a conveyor belt to move it
along move it along and I think that so
much of worth of what we're seeing now
you know Lisa makes the point there is a
third person this isn't he says she says
March mark judge presumably in the room
we have contemporaneous accounts from
other people names of all sorts of
people who are willing to testify and
the idea that we're gonna narrow these
questions and shoot them out and hope
for the outcome we want and move this
along is it's the antithesis effect
finding at least we got a fascinating
report about senator Susan Collins today
she was in a meeting of Senate chairs of
committees apparently and she voiced
very strong concerns about the way this
process was working she seems to think
that not having an FBI investigation is
a mistake according to this report of
what she had to say in that meeting but
so far Mitch McConnell has been able to
contain every Republican senator and and
managed to get every single Republican
senator to join publicly in the idea
that we do not need an FBI investigation
well it's an enormous mistake to proceed
without an FBI investigation that
supplemental review to go interview a
number of witnesses get them on the
record speaking directly to the FBI with
all the consequences that that entails
and have that information come back to
the Senate or perhaps have Brett
Kavanaugh withdraw I hear people talking
about this as a job interview of the
significant consequence it almost feels
like a really bad reality
TV show where you get married after just
meeting someone but the consequences for
the real life are really horrible
because in this instance it's like you
can't really get divorced from this
person once around the court without
extraordinary means I don't know any
reason why the American people would go
along with this and let someone who has
these types of very serious allegations
along with his very serious credibility
problems his history of as a political
operative his lies and misleading to the
Senate along with this extraordinary set
of circumstances of woman after a woman
after a woman coming forward and saying
that he sexually assaulted them or
attempted to do so this is unprecedented
and unworthy of our Supreme Court it
just cannot stand I don't think the
American people are gonna stand for it
and the American women across this
country are certainly not going to stand
for it and make I know all congressional
staffers have seen members of Congress
senators say things in these closed-door
sessions that they will not say publicly
but what Susan Collins is reported to
have said is really a giant leap away
from what she's saying publicly
apparently she brought the the the
affidavit Michael a vanadis client Julie
sweat nick's sworn affidavit to this
Chairman's committee and this committee
had this meeting today had nothing to do
at all with the Judiciary Committee
investigations so Susan Collins was
forcing this subject on a room that
didn't want to hear about it it was more
organizational for what they're doing on
other legislative fronts and apparently
according to this report senator Collins
said that the fact that it was a sworn
affidavit gave real weight to the
allegations and and in her mind it now
made sense to subpoena Brett Kavanaugh
his friend mark judge now that is a
strong position that all of the
Democrats have been have been holding
publicly and the notion that Susan
Collins has that position herself but so
far is unwilling to say it publicly must
be pretty scary for the Republicans that
she's possibly a breath away from saying
it publicly that's
and she may not be the only one I've
seen many times in closed-door meetings
among senators they're much more willing
to share their doubts away from the
cameras away from their reporters and
what we saw senator Coons was speaking
about was that many more senators are
uncomfortable with this process they
don't like this rush to judgment they
don't like the idea that they will be
perceived as railroading dr. Ford not
listening to her story ignoring these
other very serious allegations look it's
very complicated when you have
whistleblowers come in but you really do
need to get to the bottom of these
things and all yeah one of the other
things that always happens when the
nomination like this is hanging out
there for an extended period of time is
that the the supporters of the nominee
will invariably end up saying crazy
things we the star of that now is
Lindsey Graham we thought it was going
to be the older senators we thought it
was going to be orrin hatch but Lindsey
Graham today said this is his defense of
Brett Kavanaugh he's not Bill Cosby
Lindsey Graham the guy who thinks he's
the best lawyer in the Senate came up
with the quote he's not Bill Cosby
defense Republican senators are in a
tough spot
because absent a handful of them who are
just willing to say she's a galactic
liar some of them are willing to say it
and it seems like Donald Trump is
willing to say not only are they liars
but they're also being paid and they're
con artists the rest of them are trying
to thread this needle between saying
things like that and saying let's hear
her out even though we're still gonna
vote against her so he's not Bill Cosby
you know I guess that's in the pantheon
of things I wouldn't say if I thought
you know it an appearance of neutrality
mattered but I think it's a lot better
than it was to watch Donald Trump trying
to thread the needle today in his very
peculiar way where he did some real
damage to Brett Kavanaugh we're gonna
look at that later Lisa graves Mikko
Yankovic thank you for starting our
conversation tonight thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
