good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes tonight after a third woman just
came forward with explosive new sexual
misconduct allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh somehow Republicans are still
as of this hour planning to hold a
hearing tomorrow and then vote to give
Cavanaugh a lifetime appointment to the
US Supreme Court the claims by Julie
sweat Nick outlined in a sworn affidavit
released today by her lawyer Michael
avenatti are hammering we'll get to the
details in a moment a warning to our
viewers those details are graphic some
may find them disturbing Cavanaugh we
should say denies sweat Nick's account
and denies even knowing her and now a 14
hours so the Senate Judiciary Committee
is set to hear testimony from both
Cavanaugh and Christine Blasi Ford the
first woman to publicly accuse him of
sexual misconduct Democrats on the
committee are calling for Cavanaugh's
nomination to be withdrawn in a rambling
press conference this evening the
president while professing to be
receptive to Blasi for its testimony
tomorrow voiced his strong support for
the nominee I'm gonna see what happens
tomorrow I'm gonna be watching you know
believe it or not I'm gonna see what
said there's possible that they will be
convincing now with all of that being
said judge Brett Kavanaugh has been for
many years one of the most respected
people in Washington every single person
knows him a lot of people know him well
and those people don't believe what's
going on President also referring
multiple times to the accusations as a
con job michael--ah vanadis client Julie
sweat Nick claims to have attended
multiple parties in the 1980s with
Kavanagh and his friend Mark judge who
was also said to have witnessed
Cavanaugh's alleged assault of Christine
Blasi for Kavanagh
judge both deny Ford's story a sweat Nix
account of their conduct that is
Cavanaugh and judge as teenagers is
deeply troubling she alleges again in
her sworn statement under penalty of
perjury that she observed Kavanagh
engaged in abusive and physically
aggressive behavior towards girls
including pressing girls against him
what without their consent grinding
against girls and attempting to remove
or shift girls clothing to expose
private body parts
she says she became aware of efforts by
judge Breck haven't on others to spiked
the punch at house party she attended
with drugs and/or grain alcohol so as to
cause girls to lose their inhibitions
and their ability to say no according to
sweat Nick again she witnessed efforts
by judging Kavanagh and others to cause
girls to become inebriated and
disoriented so they could then be
gang-raped in a side room or bedroom by
a train of numerous boys sweat Nick says
she has a firm recollection of seeing
boys lined up outside rooms and many of
these parties waiting for their turn
with a girl inside the room these boys
included mark judge and brick Kavanagh
finally sweat Nick says that in
approximately 1982 she became the victim
of one of these gang train rapes where
judge and Kavanagh were present now we
should be clear she does not allege that
Kavanagh participated in her sexual
assault and none of her claims have been
independently verified by NBC News
Kavanaugh and Judge again both denied
the allegations Kavanaugh staying in a
statement this is ridiculous and from
the Twilight Zone I don't know who this
is and this never happened here to talk
about tomorrow Senate Judiciary
Committee hearing is one of the centers
on that committee Democratic Center
mazie Hirono of Hawaii all right senator
first of all is this hearing gonna
really happen tomorrow
apparently so so the Republicans drive
to push this through no matter what
we already have three credible reports
of sexual misconduct by Judge Cavanaugh
and they don't want to hear any of it
and and now in fact they went so far as
to hire a prosecutor for one day a
female prosecutor so that the Senate the
Republican senators on the committee can
hide behind her skirt that literally and
they don't have to reveal themselves to
the American public that is how far
they're going it is totally a poly I
have already called on the president
along with the rest of the Democrats and
the Judiciary Committee to have the
president withdraw this nomination there
are there's testimony or transcripts
released recently of Judge Cavanaugh's
interview with counsel from the
Judiciary Committee
asking him about a number of allegations
there are two more anonymous allegations
that are included there there's
reporting tonight about a fourth
allegation contained in an anonymous
letter an anonymous letter we should be
clear NBC News reporting that he is
asked in the anonymous letter that in
1998 he pushed a woman up against a wall
was sort of sexually aggressive with her
as he pushed her against the wall there
are witnesses he is asked about that in
the Judiciary Committee transcript and
he denies it what do you make of that he
denies everything and this is why yet
another reason that at the minimum and
if bi investigation should occur so
everyone should wonder why is it that
the only people who are willing to have
the FBI investigate are the three
credible reports but not him and not the
Republicans on the committee but we
should ask why is that happening
and by the way I want to emphasize that
this is a job interview for judge
Cavanaugh this is not some right that he
has to get on the Supreme Court and so
in a job interview once character
credibility and candor are on the line
and before all of this came to pass
I already has serious questions about
his credibility and was not going to
vote for him but it is just totally
appalling I know that the people in
America are watching how we're going to
deal with these credible reports and
we're not dealing with it very well and
I think the Republicans are fooling
themselves if they can hire a person for
one day to hide behind because they're
too afraid to question doctor for
themselves I think it's just appalling
do you believe that there are three
women who have made on the record
accusations against Cavanaugh one in
high school or two in high school and
one in college do you believe Miss Sweat
neck and mizramirez the other two aside
from dr. Blasio Ford should be giving
some kind of testimony or sworn
interview with some investigators in
your committee or the FBI of course they
should speak to the FBI and all three of
them said that they want an FBI
investigation they want to be questioned
by the FBI the only people who don't
want this are judge Cavanaugh and the
Republicans on the
mitii so is very telling to me that
they're going to push forward with this
nomination come hell or high water
because they need him to be on that
court so that there will not be no four
to four ties there are a lot of very
conservative groups with lots of money
that want judge Kavanagh to be their
fifth vote on the court so there is this
huge rush to get him on the court before
October but it is totally untoward and
how many more people have to come
forward before the Republicans will say
enough apparently three and plus one
anonymous very specific kinds of
reporting that's not enough for the
Republicans I hope that the American
people who are watching all of us have
heard from so many people who have said
I never told my story but this kind of
event this kind of trauma happened to me
to the women particularly all across the
country are watching and they
enlightened men as I put it they're also
watching all right senator mazie Hirono
Hawaii we will see you tomorrow morning
in that hearing room where you will be
asking your own questions as I
understand it
