to a guest who has been in the middle of
all this and who the president just
attacked rather directly attorney and
potential Democratic presidential
candidate Michael avenatti he is
representing a new accuser of Cavanaugh
Julie sweat Nick Michael thanks for
getting on the phone with us
hi Arnie how are you I'm fine I guess
the first question is what have you and
your client achieved over the course of
today in coming forward and releasing
this information but in doing so in a
manner that you as a lawyer know is very
last minute and according to the current
schedule doesn't afford a lot of time to
for response by the accused or
verification by the press which is
interested in getting to the bottom of
this new claim well are you a couple of
things it's actually not last-minute
because i surfaced the allegations on
sunday generally we alerted the
committee we alerted the public the
committee did nothing between sunday
evening and this morning despite my
repeated request that they respond to my
correspondence they blew us off for days
on and when you say they are you
referring
are you referring to both the majority
and the minority on the committee or a
single party no i'm referring to the
majority obviously to the chief counsel
mr. Davis blew off my repeated requests
for him to get back to me we provided a
significant amount of information they
didn't need the name of my client in
order to start the process they didn't
need a sworn declaration in order to
start the process but they blew us off
because they don't want the truth to
come out but we still don't understand
why they're burying bark judge mark
judges testimony they're hiding him in
some safe house somewhere because they
don't want Brett Cavanaugh's best friend
mark judge to testify and come clean
about what really happened here I mean
this is an absolute farce but here's
what I'm going to say about Donald Trump
I am thoroughly enjoying living in your
head
rent-free Donald Trump thoroughly
enjoying living in your head rent-free
it's amazing well you mentioned that and
you've called it and the president has
responded to you and previously he
didn't respond
to you by name you had separate
litigation as most viewers know
regarding stormy Daniels the NDA and
Michael Cohen here is what the president
said about you just moments ago today do
you think these women all three of them
are loggers yes or no have they been
what are they liars I can't tell you I
have to watch tomorrow I have to read I
just heard about one a little while ago
I can tell you her lawyer is a low-life
the president obviously taking a shot at
you miss Robin Adi that is personal that
relates to the idea that people should
infer something negative about the
client based on you as a journalist as a
lawyer that's not necessarily fair with
regard to your client but he's also
alluding to something that many other
fair-minded people do think which is
that your political advocacy your plans
to potentially run against him do cloud
or at least complicate your role as a
person who's just trying to get to the
facts here I afford you the opportunity
to respond why I think that's a
ridiculous criticism one does have
anything to do with the other that
declaration is not a declaration from
Michael avenatti it's not signed by
Michael avenatti it is signed by my
clients Julie sweat Nick
these are her facts these are her
allegations I am her lawyer but for
Donald Trump to call me a lowlife he
knows nothing about me there was nothing
about the last 20 years of my taxes a
billion dollars in verdicts and
settlements I'm highly educated I've
been very fortunate over the years and I
would venture to say that I have a hell
of a lot more class than Donald Trump
has ever had Michael I can't I can't do
a tiebreaker on a class competition
between the two of you but can you speak
directly to the concern people have and
there are people who are sympathetic to
your client who are critics of Judge
Kavanagh who think that it would be
better to have accusers come forward
with lawyers who are not involved in
partisan political warfare against this
president well I completely disagree Ari
look there's a reason why people
continue to reach out to me and ask me
to represent them and I'm presuming it's
because I'm effective I'm presuming it's
because I have over a billion dollars in
verdicts and settlements I'm presuming
it's because we've been a very effective
and I would venture to say incredible
advocates for our client stormy Daniels
and we didn't get results we want to be
hired so you know to those individuals
that think that our clients and hire
someone else I don't know what to tell
him I mean we've been effective we get
results it's just that simple
you you mentioned your client miss wet
Nick and the declaration which was
released today I'll read from it and try
to get to the bottom of some of this
that's so important because she says in
point thirteen in this declaration in
approximately 1982 quote I became the
victim of one of these quote gang rapes
where mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh
were present and she goes on to allege a
serious misconduct but even if true is
this essentially an allegation that
judge Kavanaugh was a witness to
something that was criminal that he was
in a place he should not have been or is
there in here an allegation of an actual
criminal conduct by Judge Cavanaugh at
that time here's what I'm going to say
I'm not at liberty beginning the further
details relating to that paragraph the
words are on the page I'd urge everybody
to read the words when my client sits
down with the FBI and hopefully that'll
be within the next 24 hours that's what
we want she's gonna provide additional
details related to that paragraph we're
hopeful that judge Kavanaugh is gonna
sit down with the FBI but let me also
say this re there's 12 other paragraphs
to that declaration and even if you took
out that paragraph the facts of the
evidence set forth in the other
paragraphs are very very disturbing and
are in and of themselves disqualifying
of this man to ever serve on the US
Supreme Court Michael I think that's
certainly a view that many legal experts
and many judicial experts hold because
we're talking about a promotion at the
point we've made but when you say you're
gonna let this sit the time for letting
this sit is over you are her lawyer
you're speaking out in public and the
question I posed to you before I let you
go to be very clear to give you an
opportunity here because other people
are speaking out the judge and Miss
Porter's are of course
spying on the road tomorrow is does this
in your view is her lawyer alleged
criminal conduct by mr. Cavanaugh or not
Ari
I believe the declaration in paragraph
after paragraph alleges criminal conduct
against judge Cavanaugh and that's one
of the reasons why we are seriously
considering filing criminal charges
relating to judge Cavanaugh his conduct
as well as that of Mark judge michael
avenatti an attorney in the news and for
the first time as far as we know
attacked by the president by name at a
press conference tonight taking time to
call in taking time to deal with some of
the questions I appreciate that as
always sir thank you thank you all right
have a good night hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
