all right as we follow the third
allegation against judge Brett Kavanaugh
let's look at his teen years which he
characterized himself has focused on
grades sports and faith again some
things we are going to tell you here are
graphic Cavanaugh's allies put forward a
statement a letter signed by 65 women
but at least one of them reached by The
Associated Press admitted she never had
one-on-one contact with him and one of
the women who signed the letter was
Renata Schroeder now Renata dolphin who
attended a nearby all-girls school
remember
Cavanaugh's school was all boys so any
girls he went to high school with would
have been at other schools now Renata
Schroeder is referred to in Cavanaugh's
yearbook several times with young men
listing themselves as Renata alumni a PR
rep claims the references and sexual
boasting but refers to quote innocent
dates or dance partners a degrading
reference regardless ms dolphin told the
New York Times she only recently became
aware of the captions mentioning her
name saying quote I can't begin to
comprehend what goes through the minds
of 17-year old boys who write such
things but the insinuation is horrible
hurtful and simply untrue
I pray their daughters are never treated
this way she told the Times that she
would have no further comment and the
man in charge of those yearbook camp
captions was this guy mark judge someone
who was a close friend of Kavanagh and
whose own yearbook page lists the null
coward quote certain women should be
struck regularly like gongs along with a
reference to 100 kegs or bust that's a
reference at Kavanagh's own yearbook
page mentions along with the quote that
he that would live in peace at ease must
not speak all he knows or judge all he
sees interesting mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh are the two young men that
professor Christine Blasi Ford alleges
pushed her into a bedroom during a house
party in 1982 Ford says Cavanaugh pinned
her to a bed and covered her mouth as he
tried to remove her clothes it's an
account that Kavanagh strenuously denies
Cavanaugh is also fading facing an
allegation of sexual misconduct leveled
by a Yale classmate Deborah Ramirez she
told the New Yorker that when the two
were freshmen Kavanagh put his genitals
in her face during a drunken dorm party
she acknowledges she was drunk at the
time and has
gaps in her memory Cavanaugh also
strenuously denies this incident his
freshman year college roommate however
said quote I did not observe this the
specific incident in question but I do
remember Brett frequently drinking
excessively and becoming incoherently
drunk and now even some of his Yale Law
School classmates who support Kavanagh
are calling for a pause and an
investigation into the claims and there
is of course this moment at a Yale
School Federalist Society meeting when
Kavanagh recalled a saying his
classmates had in high school we had
good saying that we've we've held firm
to to the to this day as the Dean was
reminding me before before the talk
which is what happens at Georgetown Prep
stays at Georgetown Prep that's been a
good thing for all of us hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
