Peter and Julia I'm coming to you on the
subject of nationalism and before we do
we're going to run the president from
his rally last night and again today in
the Oval Office you know what I am I'm a
nationalist okay this president just to
follow up on your comments about being a
nationalist there is a concern that you
are sending coded language or a dog
whistle to some Americans out there that
what you really mean is that you're a
white national I've never even heard
that I cannot imagine that you mean I
said I'm a nationalist I never heard
that theory about being a nationalist
I've heard them all
but I'm somebody that loves our country
when I say a nationalism Peter Baker to
folks of a certain age they remember
Charles Lindbergh other folks have their
own touch points in the history of the
word nationalism can you run through the
brief history and why it just rings like
a bell with some people well that's
right exactly look you know I was in
Houston last night and the idea of
nationalism meaning you know if it's it
used as an equivalent of patriotism is
one thing there's a reason why
presidents used the word patriotism and
not nationalism and that is to say that
it does have a freight in history it
does go back to this country among other
things the pre-world War two ERA with
the Charles Lindbergh led America first
committee that was isolationist and even
vaguely sympathetic to the Nazis it has
a has a history with other countries
around the world and movements around
the world that is not usually the
message that presidents want to send
critics will say that nationalism is
code for racism around Semitism now
President Trump is saying I'm not
meaning it that way I'm meaning it in
effect as America above others of my job
as the United States president is to
represent the United States and
therefore in that sense he says he means
it in effect as equivalent of patriotism
but he uses the word very carefully and
he knows the impact it has and he even
said last night in Houston when I was
there he says I know we're not supposed
to use this word so when he tells Jim
Acosta today that he didn't know that it
had some bad connotations and among some
people it seems in conflict with his own
statement last night Julie I see you
nodding what does nationalism mean to
you all the wonderful things I'm nodding
because I agree
with Peter always but you know I think
aside from white nationalism I think
it's part of what this administration or
Trump in particular and his advisers
like Stephen Miller have wanted to do
from the beginning which is relitigate a
lot of the things that have been set up
that a lot of the structures and
treaties that have been set up in the
post Cold War in the post-world War two
ERA to keep us safe and prosperous and
at peace
and some of that apparently involves
re-litigating whether or not nationalism
is a bad word or not and in fact it is
and I think what's also interesting is
this again plays right into the
Kremlin's hands before the Kremlin Putin
in particular was hamstrung by the Obama
administration's and the Bush
administration's and the Clinton all
kind of and any administration he's
dealt with on insisting on a rules-based
international order again the one that
was developed after World War two
now Trump is saying you know what
Vladimir Putin let's do this let's have
let's go back to 19th century ideas of
nationalism spheres of influence you
know you move your chess pieces here I
move them there and it's all just a big
game of risk and we don't care about
human rights we don't care about any of
any of the people that become collateral
damage as long as you know we're
nationalists and we care about our
countries first
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
