Cavanaugh's newest accuser says she
currently holds and used to hold
multiple security clearances across the
United States government they include
the Department of Justice homeland
security state and Treasury again
this woman's allegations are very
disturbing the accusers name is Julie
sweat Nick she said she went to
gatorsburg High School in Maryland in
the early 1980s and she says she was
gang-raped at a party where Kavanagh was
present her declaration reads I first
met mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh in
approximately 1980 1981 I was introduced
to them at a house party that I attended
in the Washington DC area she goes on I
attended well over ten house parties
where Mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh
were present she says I witnessed mark
judge and Brett Kavanaugh drink
excessively act overly aggressive with
girls and not taking no for an answer
this conduct misconduct included the
fondling and grabbing of girls without
their consent
she continues I became aware of efforts
by Mark judge Brett Kavanaugh and others
to spike the punch at house parties I
attended with drugs and/or grain alcohol
sweat Nick alleges I also witnessed
efforts by Mark judge Brett Kavanaugh
and others to cause girls to become
inebriated and disoriented so they could
be gang-raped in a side room or a
bedroom by trains of numerous boys she
goes on to say I have a firm
recollection of seeing boys lined up
outside rooms at many of these parties
waiting for their turn with a girl
inside the room these boys included mark
judge and Brett Kavanaugh she continues
in approximately 1982 I became the
victim of one of these gang or train
rapes where mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh were present during the
incident I was incapacitated without my
consent and unable to fight off the boys
raping me I believe I was drugged
using quaaludes or something similar a
place and what I was drinking Kavanagh
responded just moments ago saying quote
this is ridiculous and from the Twilight
Zone I don't know who this is and this
never happened end quote and there's one
more part of Cavanaugh's Fox News
interview that we want to show you
listen did you ever participate
or were you ever aware of any gang rape
that happened at a party that you
attended that's totally false and
outrageous I've never done any such
thing known about any such thing
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
