Michael avenatti now joins me on the
telephone mr. Ivan are you there yes I
am how are you I'm well Michael why wait
until 11:30 the morning before the
Senate Judiciary Committee is set to
hear from this first accuser to drop a
bombshell like this well that that's not
what happened we revealed the
allegations on Sunday we conversed with
the committee on Sunday they didn't need
to know the name of my client to begin
an investigation we had detailed
correspondence that we sent to them on
Monday morning which I have posted and
disseminated they never got back to us I
asked for follow-up on Monday evening
they didn't get back to us Monday
evening didn't get back to us yesterday
and we finally disclosed the clients
name today because we had to take
adequate security procedures make sure
they were in place this is a very
serious matter and ultimately it's the
clients determination not mine or
anybody else's for that matter as to
when her identity is revealed
so we disclosed this days ago and the
fact of the matter is that chairman
Grassley mr. Davis the counsel to the
committee Mitch McConnell and others
they don't want the truth to be known
regarding Brett Kavanaugh there should
be an immediate investigation and there
should be no rush to confirmed him to
the US Supreme Court this is a search
for the truth what does your client want
to happen immediately she wants an FBI
investigation to be launched immediately
she is prepared to meet with the FBI
disclosed everything that she knows
disclose additional witnesses you know
Brett Kavanaugh said the other night on
Fox that he wants an opportunity to be
heard well first of all he's already had
quite the opportunity to be heard and if
there's an FBI investigation he'll have
a further opportunity to be heard but
there should not be a rush to confirm
him and there should be a proper
investigation performed by professionals
namely FBI agents is she prepared to
testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee 100% absolutely
Michael again we're all just sifting
through the declaration right now can
you walk our viewers and and listeners
can you walk them through specifically
what your client is alleging well again
I'm gonna point directly to the language
in the Declaration which I think is
explicit but generally my client witness
observed and experienced very aggressive
and appropriate behavior by Brett
Kavanaugh and Marc's judge in the early
1980s Brett Kavanaugh she is describing
as someone that drank excessively was
verbally and physically abusive towards
women also engaged in conduct relating
to attempting to get women inebriated
take advantage of women ultimately put
women in positions where they could be
gang-raped by multiple men or boys they
should say now look I want to be really
clear about something the allegations in
this declaration are shocking they are
also detailed and my client stands
behind them 100% my client has been
issued a number of security clearances
by the federal government over the years
she has been fully vetted time and time
again and she is an honest and
courageous woman and I'm gonna caution
Donald Trump Brett Kavanaugh chairman
Grassley and others if they try to come
after my client or engage in some smear
campaign
they better pack for lunch because we're
going to respond to fold we are going to
respond double as it relates to force so
they better be very careful before they
start spilling nonsense and trying to
call my client Elias has your client
confided in others about these claims as
she talked to a therapist has she talked
to authorities but before before this
there are two operating witnesses that
she is aware of that can they can
support these allegations and as set
forth in the declaration around the time
of
most serious allegation she confided in
at least two additional witnesses so
again we want there to be a deliberative
process by which all of these
allegations are investigated thoroughly
and then ultimately once all of the
facts are obtained then and only then
should Brent Cavanaugh's nomination be
considered and frankly I think in light
of these allegations as well as dr.
Ford's
as well as mr. Ramirez as well as others
there can be no question that the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh should be
immediately withdrawn
there are numerous judges and attorneys
in the United States that are capable of
serving on our US Supreme Court for life
that do not have these types of
questions about their backgrounds and
unfortunately I've got a I've got a run
but I appreciate the time Michael really
quickly here I just I just because we
want to make sure we get this right you
are you're first of all you're pointing
out that there are two additional
corroborating witnesses and to be clear
you were not claiming or your client is
not claiming the judge Kavanaugh
actually engaged in in gang rape or or
anything like that but Europe your claim
is that he will no you know no you're
incorrect about that I'm gonna point you
directly to the language of the
declaration it is purposeful as it
relates to the allegations that my
client is making and I'm not going to
characterize those allegations or miss
characterize those allegations they are
black and white and they are clear as
day and unfortunately I'm gonna run I
apologize in approximately Michael
avenatti to come back when you can
please Michael avenatti attorney for
this third accuser mr. abinanti pointing
to line 13 of this declaration I'm just
going to read this for our viewers and
listeners and approximately 1982 I
became the victim of one of these gang
or train rapes where Marc judge and
Brett Kavanaugh were present shortly
after the incident I shared what had
transpired with at least two other
people
the incident I was incapacitated without
my consent and unable to fight off the
boys raping me I believe I was drugged
using quaaludes or something similar
placed in what I was drinking Michel
avenatti they're attempting to explain
the timing of some of this saying that
he had an initial conversation with the
city Senate Judiciary Committee about
all of this starting on Sunday evening
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
