joining us now from Capitol Hill
Republican member of the Judiciary
Committee Senator John Kennedy of
Louisiana we really appreciate your
coming on the show this morning and
Andrea Mitchell has the first question
Andrea senator it's great to see you
again I a lot of people are questioning
the process here
why schedule a vote before you've heard
from the witnesses what's the rush
and also I've watched you in hearings
you ask great questions so why are you
gonna rely on this prosecutor from
Arizona a woman when senators are
elected to fine facts themselves that's
your job you do a great job with it let
me ask your my answer your last question
first miss Mitchell and I only speak for
myself dr. Ford was through her counsel
was very insistent that we not allow the
hearing to be hijacked with the answers
like the the confirmation hearing was in
my judgment we talked about it among
ourselves we meaning the Republicans on
the committee and decided that given the
amount of time that we have dr. Ford
also insisted on just one round of
questions that we would hire somebody
who has expertise and trying to ferret
out the facts in a case where sexual
assault has been alleged I don't know
that every committee member has given up
the right to ask questions but I know I
intend to defer to I can't remember the
name of the prosecutor in this mission I
think miss Mitchell yes no retino so it
was it was in part at dr. Ford's
suggestion though I don't want to
mislead you she didn't suggest we hire
an attorney but we felt like with the
amount of time we have we CH had five
minutes which is not much time at all
but dr. Ford wanted one round
she asked for frequent breaks she were
going to do it in a small
room at her request one camera and I'm
repeating myself but one round of
questions so I'll follow up just a you
know kind of keep it open positive
conversation here I've been very vocal
about how the media could do better
covering the story I feel like a lot of
people are kind of going out on a limb
and convicting Brett Kavanaugh or
smearing the accusers and it's happening
in the media and it's it's a struggle
but are there areas where the
Republicans could do better in this and
especially on the Judiciary Committee in
terms of handling accusers in situations
like this and in this specific situation
well I think they're areas where we
could all do better not just the
politicians but America this is no
country and my judgment for creepy old
men mm-hmm our young men or middle-aged
men but this is also no country to
ignore due process some of my colleagues
have suggested and I've tried to
understand their point of view that
you're morally tainted if you don't
automatically believe the accuser I
don't agree with that I think you're
morally tainted if you don't take the
accusers seriously if you don't afford
the accuser and the accused and a 10 of
the Year fairness and due process I
realize reasonable fair-minded people
disagree but that's what we've tried to
do here yeah that's one of the reasons
we're having the hearing and we're doing
it I don't want to overstate this but
but a lot of the rules have been set by
dr. Ford's counsel right so I'm hearing
you on fairness and due process and and
I'm hearing you on responding to the
requests by dr. Ford's counsel but why
have vote on Friday 24 hours after the
hearings and and why not just to sort of
really go for fairness here and and the
the biggest effort toward the truth why
not an FBI investigation
let me answer the hearing venue in time
first I asked about that we are required
the rules require us to give three days
notice to have what's called a markup
which is Senate ease on for saying a
vote so I think senator Grassley was
doing that to start the time running
number number two the deadlines that
I've always worked with has been October
1 mm-hmm my goal was has been to have a
decision made by October 1 which of
course is the date that the United
States Supreme Court begins its new
session now in terms of the FBI I don't
have enough information to ask for an
FBI report in fact I don't have any
information firsthand all the
information that I have and I think most
of us have comes from an article the
doctor Ford gauge that resulted from the
interview she gave them in the
Washington Post
I'm not criticizing the Washington Post
but I need to hear from dr. Ford
firsthand point to staff both minority
and minority staff for Senate committees
investigate allegations alleged facts
all the time we don't normally go to the
FBI we have a very good and not
inexpensive majority staff and minority
staff that are investigating all of
these claims right now now senator
Feinstein has instructed the minority
staff not to participate that's her call
but I don't want people to think this
these allegations by dr. Ford or
mizramirez or I can't think of his name
storming down or Daniels Council nominee
mr. avenatti or whoever else makes
allegations they're all going to be
investigated and they are being
investigated but I want to hear from dr.
Ford
some people suggested that this is not
regular order some people's normally
when confirmation is over and someone
comes forth with information you turn it
over to your
apps they investigate and report back to
us written in written form some
suggested that's why we do it
I asked to have a hearing and many
others did as well and I hope dr. Ford
comes tomorrow I don't want her I mean
I've told you why I agreed to hire the
special mom council if you will I'm not
giving our special counsel instructions
to to go Catwoman or Batman on on dr.
Ford that's not the purpose the purpose
is to elicit the information senator
it's willie geist we appreciate you
taking the time with us this morning
you've never said after Judge
Cavanaugh's initial testimony after he
finished those three days of testimony
quote I'm going to vote happily and
proudly to confirm him are you open to
the possibility senator that if by the
end of the day tomorrow based on what
you hear from dr. Ford you could be a no
vote on judge Cavanaugh well of course
the purpose of the hearing now I believe
the judge Cavanaugh
I've spoken directly to judge Cavanaugh
I've asked him point-blank
he's resolution he's resolute he's
determined he's not mad at anybody he
didn't speak ugly about anyone Willie
but he told me categorically
unconditionally did not happen I believe
him but that doesn't mean that I could
not be persuaded otherwise I really want
to hear from dr. Ford and Accord her the
respect and the due process that she
deserves as well as Judge Cavanaugh I
want to treat dr. Ford as if she were my
daughter and I want to treat judge
Cavanaugh as if you were my son here you
go and on the other side of it you said
unequivocally judge Cavanaugh says he
didn't do it dr. Ford has said
unequivocally it happened and she will
say that again tomorrow so how you
balance those two claims I don't know
that this will be a discussion of the
truth as much as it will be an analysis
of the memory mm-hmm it happened a long
time ago I can tell you how my mind
works my memory is not like a computer
file that I can calm up with perfect
retrieval my mind is selected when I
think back 30 or 40 years ago my
I my stroll down memory lane is kind of
a lurch down memory lane there gaps in
some of my memories when I when I try to
reconstruct things sometimes I fill them
in with what I think is the truth I
can't be a hundred percent certain it's
the truth I think most of us have that
experience 35 40 years ago is a long
long time ago mm-hmm
and and I think we have to take that
into consideration for both dr. Ford and
Judge cabinet with all that in mind
senator you know how this is gonna play
out we've seen this whatever happens
tomorrow Democrats and progressives will
say it's conclusive dr. Ford is telling
the truth a lot of conservatives and
Republicans as you know will say we
stand with Judge Cavanaugh so with that
wouldn't it be smart and proper to have
a third party look into this just to set
the record straight and if you're
judging Cavanaugh wouldn't you want that
record set straight by somebody so he
could say don't take my word for it take
the FBI's word for it well that's a fair
point and that's what the majority staff
and the minority staff the Republican
and Democrats try to staff are supposed
to do together yeah but but to your
point Willie and it's a good one
anybody who's been watching this and who
has sent the sense that God gave a goose
can understand that this whole thing has
been marbled with politics there haven't
been many length of moments in this and
I go back to the original confirmation
hearing with senators and erupting
senators and talking over each other and
240 protestors I hope that tomorrow does
not end up like the original
confirmation hearing did I was I was I
was embarrassed for us quite friendly so
are you you know I agree the process is
across the board gotten difficult to
watch and difficult to cover and and and
the chemical traders make and the
Supreme Court in the minds of many
fair-minded Americans has become
politicized and you know whose fault
that is and my judgment primarily
United States Congress yeah because we
keep punting on the tough issues nobody
around here wants to be a senator and
take it to a vote yeah don't disagree so
on the issue of fairness and and some of
them the words you said are inspiring
this question but if you hear something
that really does so doubt in your mind
about Bret Cobb Cavanaugh's claim that
he did not do this are you open to
calling for supporting an FBI
investigation if you hear something
tomorrow that truly concerns you sure I
wouldn't go to the hearing otherwise
this is not a done deal for me but I
don't want it I don't want to
bubble-wrap this I think it's going to
be very difficult to determine the truth
I have spoken with Brett Kavanaugh I
have the advantage I guess of having
watched him through 32 hours of
testimony I've read many of his opinions
I've read all of his Law Review articles
I believe him but that doesn't mean that
I'm not prepared to be persuaded by dr.
Ford and to listen to her attentively
let me say it again I want a cup i want
a country without creepy old men and but
with due process yeah I hear you and
what you're saying is you want to hear
her which is fair and that's all I think
we can ask for David Ignatius has a
question for you senator David
senator Kennedy you said that this
process historically has been marbled
with politics and if there was a good
phrase I want to ask you question I
think a lot of people are wondering
there's a lifetime appointment to the
court what's the rush
why have this artificial time timeline
for voting and in getting it done so
quickly when there are obviously or
profound questions what why the need to
do it so quickly well a couple of
reasons first I think we have to accept
reality there are people on both sides
of this nomination who are in good faith
there are people on both sides of this
nomination who are not in good faith
it's about power it's not about
truth or memory or fairness that's just
reality number two I've always believed
that we should have someone in place by
October 1 I don't think it's fair to
have people litigants spend a lot of
money on important questions to get a
case to the United States Supreme Court
and end up with a 4-4 tie that's not the
what our founders intended that's what's
driven me I will say I'm not impugning
her motives but but I'm disappointed
that dr. that rather senator Feinstein
did not bring these allegations redacted
protecting dr. Ford's anonymity to us
earlier I think this would have been a
much different process now she has some
reasons and I like Diane she's she's
smarter than me she's very experienced
more experienced than me certainly for
sure and she has the reasons but I will
tell you I bet in her heart if she had
it to do over again she would do it
differently all right Andrea Mitchell
one question senator about another
accuser Deborah Ramirez the presence
that was inebriated and all messed up
now she was and many to many accounts
trying to be honest about her memory and
how she was inebriated but there are
other supporting witnesses to her
character her intentions and her
seriousness as a student and as you know
as a young person in now and her
complaint has been that the her lawyer
has tried to get in touch with the
Grassley committee and keeps getting put
off that the Grassley staff keeps saying
yeah we'll get back to you but that
she's had no opportunity to speak
through the staff and what wouldn't the
committee want to hear from her
privately publicly whatever or talk to
her attorneys hear her story before a
vote takes place on Friday well that's
not what the staff tells me okay Andrea
and again I'm talking to the staff
appointed by Senator Grassley because
the staff appointed by senator Feinstein
has been instructed not to participate
but I asked point-blank our staff and I
was told that our staff had tried
repeatedly to reach mr. Ramirez's
council they finally got through through
to the council the council said we do
not have a statement to make read The
New Yorker well I have read The New
Yorker is the only information I have to
go on as I understand it no one who
there are a lot of people at the alleged
party no one either recalls it since it
happened that mr. Ramirez is best friend
through her four years at Yale never
recalls miss Ramirez talking about this
now I've never met mr. Ramirez I don't
know her I'm not calling her a liar but
I was told to go read The New Yorker
with all due respect my Constitution
does not say that the New Yorker gets to
advise and consent
it says the Senate does and that's why I
want to hear firsthand all of this
information but there's got to be a
modicum of cooperation yeah I really
appreciate this interview this has been
fascinating and I urge people on both
sides of this issue no matter who you
support or what side of the aisle you're
on to watch this again we're all
considering the position that these
women are in I think we're hoping to
drop its touch tough you're also in a
position where you're trying to take in
all this information you have to make a
decision on it and we really appreciate
your your candor this morning well thank
you I've enjoyed it thanks senator
Senator John Kennedy thank you very much
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
