day 6:14 of the Trump administration
which is getting a new assist tonight in
its effort to quickly move from
controversy to confirmation or so they
hope for Supreme Court nominee federal
judge Brett Kavanaugh tonight the Senate
Judiciary Committee scheduled a vote on
Kavanagh to take place Friday morning
that would be one day after the hearing
in which he and dr. Christine Blasi Ford
who has accused him of sexual assault
are both testifying the committee which
has a majority of eleven Republicans all
men has hired a woman attorney to
question Ford and Cavanaugh just moments
ago the committee chairman chuck
Grassley confirmed what the Washington
Post was first to report tonight that
the committee has indeed selected Rachel
Mitchell and Arizona County sex crimes
prosecutor Mitchell is officially the
sex crimes bureau chief for Maricopa
County Arizona of Sheriff Joe Arpaio
fain while all of this is going on Brett
Kavanaugh is also facing another
allegation related to sexual misconduct
Deborah Ramirez told The New Yorker that
Cavanaugh exposed himself to her when
they were freshmen students at Yale an
attorney for Ramirez had a call
scheduled today with staff members of
the Judiciary Committee but he said
tonight only the Democrats took part in
the call Cavanaugh has firmly denied
both woman's allegations
I've never sexually assaulted anyone in
high school otherwise today president
Trump took a much more aggressive tone
attacking the Democrats and going after
Cavanaugh accuser Deborah Ramirez I
think it's horrible what the Democrats
have done it's a con game they play that
con
they're really con artists they know
he's a high quality person they don't
believe it's just resist and obstruct
now a new charge comes up and she said
what might not be him into a gaps in she
said she was totally Andy breathing
was all messed up but she doesn't know
was him but it might have been him oh
gee let's not make him as a boy while
the Republicans have asked Ramirez to
turn over any evidence
she might have tonight her attorney told
Rachel Maddow that he is indeed still
trying to reach that full committee
we've had a number of email
communications back and forth and and
every time we try to set up a phone call
with them they end up pushing the phone
call back they keep on kind of changing
the what the rules of how they want to
go forward and and every time that we
talk about we want to talk about how
that's going forward and just discuss it
on the phone then they push it back so I
mean it's hard to to see that they're
really interested in getting the
information that Miss Ramirez has
something clearly occurred our client
disclosed to her mother and her sister
35 years ago about what happened there's
plenty more people that need to be
contacted that if there's going to be a
real investigation meanwhile another
report out tonight from The Washington
Post says three of Cavanaugh's
Yale Law School classmates who endorsed
him in an August letter to the Senate
Judiciary Committee are now instead
calling for an investigation into the
allegations from these two women amid
all of this there is the increasing
pressure to get to the full Senate vote
on Kavanagh on that point here is
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell from
earlier today we're gonna be moving
forward I'm confident we're gonna win
confidences he will be confirmed in the
very near future do you have 50 votes to
confirm judge Kavanagh I believe he'll
be confirmed yes McConnell and Senate
Republicans would like to have that full
vote next week all eyes are now on key
Republican swing votes like Senator Lisa
Murkowski of Alaska who indicated that
she thinks an investigation into dr.
Ford's allegations is still warranted
that an investigation would certainly
certainly clear up some of the questions
that are out there but as I understand
how the process works it is not for the
judiciary committee to make that
so I'm operating under a level of a
process that is in place that we are
working within and under a somewhat
different tone tonight from her
colleague from South Carolina Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham they knew about
this in July they said on it we have an
allegation that's collapsing this is an
allegation 35 years old this vote will
be Friday and unless something new comes
out that gives veracity to a 35 year old
claim that I don't have today I'm moving
forward three veteran journalists to
lead us off on a Tuesday night Philip
Rucker a Pulitzer Prize winning White
House bureau chief for The Washington
Post Carol Lee NBC News national
political reporter and Jonathan Lemire
White House reporter for The Associated
Press all right mr. Rutger you get to go
first why this woman as the outside
counsel in a city with a greater than
average number of lawyers many of them
very accomplished many of them carrying
the double X chromosome
yeah Brian I think the Senate Judiciary
Republicans did quite a search to try to
find her we don't know exactly why
they've selected her but I can tell you
a little bit about her background based
on the reporting that my colleagues at
the Washington Post have done tonight
she's had 26 years of experience
prosecuting sex crimes in Maricopa
County which is the county that includes
the Phoenix metropolitan area why is
Phoenix important while Senator Jeff
Flake is one of the four Republican
senators he's from Arizona the four
Republican senators who are seen as
wavering in their support for judge
Kavanagh so there's an effort clearly to
try to win his vote but more importantly
this is a woman who's had a lot of
experience prosecuting sex crimes she's
been in the courtroom questioning both
victims and people who are accused of
these crimes according to some
interviews that my colleagues did with
some of the other lawyers who faced her
in court she has a pretty good
reputation there she is a registered
Republican so she's not coming into this
with political independence
early she's going to be working for the
Republicans and she is a Republican but
she's regarded in Maricopa County
Arizona to be relatively fair and and
direct in her questioning and clearly
has experience in these issues and Carol
Lee we should be clear this is all
fraught I've heard cable news types say
that Cavanaugh better have a better game
than he rolled out during the interview
because he's going to have to roll with
questions can't always land back on his
talking points and this attorney is
going to we can guess be very aggressive
with dr. Ford in her questioning so it's
all a fraud atmosphere it is and it's
going to be much a bigger bigger
spectacle and we've seen in quite some
time in any sort of hearing like this
you know what she does that the
Republicans really want her to do is
change the dynamics so that they you
don't have eleven men at questioning a
woman who's accusing somebody that they
have already mostly the majority of them
said that they would support and I've
cast as sort of a done deal they didn't
want that spectacle and so now they'll
they'll have hurt this woman new woman
questioning her but she is you know
it'll be interesting to see how the
Democrats respond to this because she is
someone who was hand selected by the
Republicans and you know it could wind
up being one more data point in this
what has turned into a bitter partisan
fight to between the two sides to either
get Brett Kavanaugh to somehow his
derail his nomination or to jam him
through as the Republicans would like
Jonathan Lemire let's talk for a minute
about those who have psychoanalyzed this
president down to why he might have run
for the presidency some people theorize
it was getting laughed at at the
Correspondents Dinner being the brunt of
Obama's jokes well it happened today at
the UN there's no mistaking what
happened there then you get to see him
less than two hours afterwards it was
your question he was answering today
when he went after this woman who has
come forward
this second victim making the
allegations and then we got to see his
reaction that's right we thought the
headline of today would have been that
laughs you know his address the General
Assembly today at the United Nations the
second time he's done this within the
first 90 seconds of his remarks he talks
about how he says his administration is
perhaps the most successful to that
point of any presidency and it was a
slow rolling but very distinct and free
cloud translation that's right leg over
the headphone exactly right the
translations were rolled through the
crowd and has everyone heard it there
all the dignitaries are world leaders
they began to laugh and you can see the
president in a rare moment where he was
obviously flustered and then tried to
cover it up with a joke so we thought
that's where today was going and a short
time later the press pool which I was a
part of today were taken to a bilateral
meeting between the president Trump and
the President of Colombia and after
their sort of perfunctory remarks he
took some questions from us and I asked
him after he answered one or two that
was sort of pertinent to Colombia I
asked him about Cavanaugh and the
interview for last night on Fox and it
was it switched yeah and he what he
clearly was teed up and he wanted to
talk about it and in our reporting this
is something that's been building up
within him for several days that he
initially when these allegations came
out against the Justice he was sort of
able to separate it from the sexual
misconduct claims made against himself
during the campaign but that has changed
in recent days the New Yorker article on
Sunday in particular sort of enraged him
he's told people around him that he
thought it was flimsy it was thin it was
the media the Democrats out to get him
and we saw that explode today and in
remarks at the White House aides have
been trying to get to throwing
themselves at him to prevent him from
saying they thought but that if he were
to go on the offensive against the
Cavanaugh accusers it's the worst thing
that could've happened to the
Republicans caused to get him through
but he wanted to say it he was called
the woman inebriated he called her drunk
he said that that there were gaps in her
story basically said that she was not
credible and that it was very clear that
he views the me to prism not through the
idea of women who feel like they've been
wronged rather the the powerful men who
were facing these accusations and he
said today in response to my question
the idea that there would be people who
wouldn't want to do these jobs people
who wouldn't want to be politicians or
Supreme Court justices because of the
risk of facing these accusations and I
think that that clearly shows the level
of concern in the White House and the
President himself
heading into Thursday's hearing my sense
of it is they didn't necessarily love
Cavanaugh's interview last night they
thought they were glad to have some new
footage out there they were glad to have
him a little bit on the offensive but
they wanted more passionately wanted
more fire and they're worried how he'll
stand up the Democrats questions on
Thursday
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
