our breaking news at this hour is that
chuck Grassley has confirmed the
chairman of the Senate Judiciary
Committee that rachel mitchell lee
maricopa county attorney in the
prosecutor's office there who
specializes in prosecuting sex crimes
will ask the questions for republicans
during the hearing on Thursday in which
Brett Kavanaugh will appear to defend
himself against a charge of sexual
assault in which dr. Christine blessing
Ford will make to the committee in her
testimony dr. Ford will testify first
Brett Kavanaugh will testify second
Republican senators are afraid of asking
a single question and so they are flying
in a woman prosecutor 2,000 miles away
in Arizona to do that job for them
tonight her name is Rachel Mitchell that
was a secret being held by Republicans
all day for reasons we cannot fathom but
now chuck Grassley has confirmed that is
the person who the Republican men of the
Senate Judiciary Committee have asked to
do their job for them because they know
they can't and they're running scared
all of them are the Republicans are
running scared now on the comment of the
cabin on nomination tonight how scared
are they consider this Republican
Senator John Kyle was actually working
as I said before as one of Brett
Cavanaugh's guides through the United
States Senate confirmation process
before he was appointed to fill John
McCain's Senate seat and now Senator Jon
Kyl is afraid to even say that he still
supports Brett Cavanaugh's nomination
according to Politico Jon Kyl quote
declined to commit to a yes vote for
Kavanagh if and when the time comes when
Republican senators are running scared
they don't want you to know that they
want you to think that they're confident
and so Mitch McConnell and Chuck
Grassley are trying to pretend that the
Cavanaugh confirmation is a done deal
but there is no reason to believe that
Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley are
actually desperately trying to build
confidence among Republican senators by
announcing the scheduling of a committee
vote on Brett Cavanaugh's nomination
the day after the hearing Friday at 9:30
a.m. here here is that notice of the
scheduling of that vote and it is
actually the rescheduling and it says it
right up there they're rescheduling of a
notice of a vote on the Kavanagh a
confirmation that chuck Grassley had
already scheduled for yesterday or
Monday morning this notice has no more
validity than the first time that this
notice was issued for yesterday morning
this notice simply means that the
Republicans on the Judiciary Committee
will vote on the confirmation of Brett
Kavanaugh the day after the hearing if
and only if they think that they can get
away with voting the day after the
hearing and because 85 year old chuck
Grassley in his 37th year in the United
States Senate has lost whatever grasp he
ever had on Senate strategy he was
forced to turn over his cards after
issuing this notice today he tweeted
this Judiciary Committee noticed
potential executive meeting for Friday
still taking this one step at a time
after hearing dr. Ford and judge
Cavanaugh is testimony if we're ready to
vote we will vote if we aren't ready we
won't committee rules normally require
three days notice so we're following
regular order when committee chairmen
are confident of what they're doing when
they issue a vote notice in the
committee they never ever ever say if we
aren't ready to vote we won't I have
never ever heard seeing a committee
chairman in the Senate say anything like
that ever and one of the reasons that
Chuck Grassley put out that tweet after
the notice of a scheduled vote is that
the Republican senators whose votes
Chuck Grassley and Mitch McConnell do
not yet have did not want their
constituents to think that they were
rushing this that they were gonna rush
it into a vote the next day and so today
senator bob Corker suggested it's not
just three or four Republican senators
whose votes might be in doubt I'd say
there's actually a large number of
Republicans that will pay a large number
I know the media keeps character
you know three or four people but I'd
say this a large number of them that
want to see firsthand the accusation and
the rebuttal the large number of
Republicans who know that this
confirmation is in trouble includes
Donald Trump done Donald Trump knows
it's in big trouble and Donald Trump is
running scared on this one and that's
why Donald Trump has changed tactics and
is now attacking Brett Kavanaugh his
second accuser Debra Ramirez Donald
Trump didn't do that when Brett
Cavanaugh is first accuser emerged
publicly professor Christine blessing
Ford and the reason Donald Trump is on
the attack now is that Donald Trump
knows that the less aggressive tactics
he was using before did not work in that
Brett Cavanaugh has been losing ground
every day every day has been worse than
the day before and tomorrow there is a
strong possibility that it will be much
worse and it's strong possibility that
we will have a new accuser a third
accuser according to attorney Michael
avenatti who says he represents a woman
who is a victim of Brett Cavanaugh's and
Michael avenatti expects her to make a
public statement about that before
Thursday's hearing in the Judiciary
Committee when dr. Ford will finally
tell her story and Brett Kavanaugh will
defend himself Chuck Grassley wants this
to be the shortest confirmation hearing
the Senate has ever had on a Supreme
Court justice there will be no time
limit on dr. Ford's opening statement or
Brett Cavanaugh's opening statement but
each senator as I said will be limited
to five minutes of question time that
means 50 minutes for the ten Democrats
55 minutes for the 11 Republicans but
all the Republican questioning as we
said we'll be done by Rachel Mitchell
the maricopa county prosecuting attorney
who will briefly become a senate
employee who the republicans have hired
to do that job that republican men have
now admitted they are incapable of doing
a rare admission of republican men
acknowledging they're really really bad
at something what we saw of Brett
Kavanaugh defending himself on fox news
last night
must have made republican senators even
more nervous about supporting Brett
Kavanaugh the very worst thing a witness
can do is answer a question that has not
been
and that is what Brett Kavanaugh did
twice he did it in response to just one
question
and two of the unnecessary things he
said in his answer have now been
disputed today by people who know Brett
Kavanaugh here is that very important
question and answer that is a preview of
what will happen to Brett Kavanaugh in
the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing
on Thursday did you ever participate in
or were you ever aware of any gang rape
that happened at a party that you
attended that's totally false and
outrageous I've never done any such
thing known about any such thing when I
was in high school and I went to an
all-boys Catholic High School a Jesuit
High School where I was focused on
academics and athletics going to church
every Sunday at little flower working on
my service projects and friendship
friendship with my fellow classmates and
friendship with girls from the local
all-girls Catholic schools and yes there
were parties and the drinking age was 18
and yes the seniors were legal and had
beer there and yes people might have had
too many beers on occasion and people
generally in high school I think all of
us have probably done things we look
back on in high school and regret or
cringe a bit but I know that's not what
we're talking about we're talking about
an allegation of sexual assault I've
never sexually assaulted anyone I did
not have sexual intercourse or anything
close to sexual intercourse in high
school or for many years thereafter and
the girls from the schools I went to and
I swear saying that all through all
these years that are in question you
were a virgin that's correct
never had sexual intercourse with anyone
in high school correct through what
years in college since we're probing
into your personal years many years
after I'll leave it at that many years
after he brought that question on
himself martha maccallum was not gonna
ask him how long he went in his life
before he first had sex that was not
gonna be one of the questions it's not
relevant the question he was asked was
simply did you ever participate in or
were you ever aware of any gang rape
that happened at a party that you
attended the answer to that should have
been no period one word that is all you
need for that and instead Brett
Kavanaugh goes on to say that he never
had sex with anyone in high school and
for many many years after high school
you give answers like that and this is
what happens today a friend of Brett
Kavanaugh is at Yale tweeted this
perhaps Brett Kavanaugh was a virgin for
many years after high school but he
claimed otherwise in a conversation with
me during our freshman year in Lawrence
Hall at Yale in the living room of my
suite Brett Kavanaugh lied about legally
drinking when he was a senior in high
school because he was 18 but the
drinking age had been raised to 21 by
that time there was not one day of Brett
Kavanaugh his high school life that he
could legally drink not one day and boy
did that kid drink Brett Kavanaugh put
it in writing in his high school
yearbook he stated his stated ambition
in writing was to be part of the group
who drank a hundred kegs of beer senior
year Georgetown Prep was very small
school Brett Calvin I would have had to
drink at least a keg himself to do his
part and it sounds like Brett Kavanaugh
maybe did that his Yale freshman
roommate issued a written statement
saying Brett Kavanaugh quote was a
notably heavy drinker even by the
standards of the time and that he became
aggressive and belligerent when he was
very drunk I did not observe the
specific incident in question but I do
remember Brett Kavanaugh drinking
excessively and becoming incoherently
drunk now that's freshman year in
college
doesn't sound like somebody who learned
how to drink freshman year at Yale
sounds like he showed up there knowing
how to drink the incident that Brett
Cavanaugh's roommate James Roche is
describing is the accusation that
Deborah Ramirez made that Brett
Kavanaugh aggressively exposed himself
to her when they were both drinking and
that when she pushed him away to protect
herself she had to touch him in a way
that disgusted her
Brett Kavanaugh his freshman roommate
James Roche also said this I became
close friends with Debbie Ramirez
shortly after we both arrived at Yale
she stood out as being exceptionally
honest with a trusting manner as we got
to know one another I discovered that
Debbie was a vet was very worried about
fitting in she felt that everyone at
Yale was very rich very smart and very
sophisticated and that as a Puerto Rican
woman from a less privileged background
she was an outsider her response was to
try hard to make friends and get along
based on my time with Debbie I believed
her to be unusually honest and
straightforward and I cannot imagine her
making this up based on my time with
Brett I believe that he and his social
circle were capable of the actions that
Debbie described that's Brett Kavanaugh
his freshman roommate at Yale he
believes Brett Kavanaugh his accuser
over Brett Kavanaugh and so Brett
Cavanaugh his credibility is on trial
and he lied yesterday on Fox News he
lied about being a legal drinker in high
school he never was and he portrayed
himself as a light drinker when he tried
to and maybe succeeded at drinking a keg
of beer senior year his best friend Mark
judge who dr. Ford says was a witness
and a participant in Brett Kavanaugh
sexual assault on her wrote a book about
being a blackout drunk in high school
and he changed the names of real people
in his high school memoir and one of the
apparently slightly fictionalized names
in the book is Bart oak Cavanaugh who
wasn't as bad a drunk as Mark judge in
the book but mark judge is now hiding
out from the press after Republicans
have refused to subpoena him to testify
we will be joined later by a reporter
who is part of the team who found mark
judge in his hideout so Brett Kavanaugh
did something that no other Supreme
Court nominee has ever done he decided
to do a television interview defending
himself and he got himself in more
trouble in the television interview
because he so openly and provably lied
in that interview which should not be
terribly surprising because who can
forget that the very first words that
Brett Kavanaugh spoke as a Supreme Court
nominee were a lie no president has ever
consulted more widely or talked with
more people for more backgrounds to seek
input about a Supreme Court nomination
you want to know what Brett Kavanaugh
looks like what do you when he's lying
just rerun that video that's what Brett
Kavanaugh looks like when he's lying
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
