Alaska's Lisa Murkowski is one of the
Republican senators who is publicly
undecided about the Kavanagh nomination
here is what she said today about an FBI
investigation should there be a full FBI
investigation into these allegations
from cabinets pass during our discussion
now ambassador Wendy Sherman and MSNBC
Global Affairs contributor she helped
the Nita Hill navigate the Judiciary
Committee during Nita Hills Senate
testimony ambassador Sherman's the
author of the new book not for the faint
of heart
lessons encourage power and persistence
and former Senate Judiciary staffer Lisa
Graves is back with us ambassador
Sherman to see Lisa Murkowski asked a
very simple question should there be a
full FBI investigation into these
allegations more than one and she
couldn't she just couldn't find in her
slick senatorial speech anyway other
than saying of course there should be
indeed and then I just read a tweet
right before I came in here where she
has said she was just being flipped she
didn't really mean it
which I think proves the point you made
earlier on this broadcast which is
immense pressure is being put on these
senators because Mitch McConnell does
not have the votes Lisa Murkowski Susan
Collins and John McCain were the three
deciding votes on the Affordable Care
Act to keep the repeal from happening I
wonder who's going to be John McCain
this time your sense of the fairness of
this process so far totally unfair it's
completely ludicrous that you would have
a hearing of this seriousness that
matters this much to the future of our
country and I have someone come 2,000
miles to ask the questions for the
Republicans who can't seem to do it
themselves and the Democrats are going
to get exactly five one round of five
minutes I can't think of another Senate
hearing on a matter of such import where
there is one round of only five minutes
of conversation it's absurd
Lisa graves where there are reports
tonight indicating that Jeff
Lake and Lisa Murkowski were strongly
influential in what we saw it the way
this is unfolded in at least getting the
delay in the hearing having Chuck
Grassley and Mitch McConnell back off on
those deadlines that they were
constantly issuing and revising last
Friday and they had to back off
not just because dr. Ford and her
attorneys played from a very strong
position against them but it turns out
there were Republican senators saying
don't do this we we are not ready to
cast a vote without having that hearing
and having it at least on dr. Ford's
schedule if not on her terms yes they
did play a key role and I hope that they
will continue to play a key role because
what's about to happen on Thursday I
think is also impressive ended this is a
lifetime position on the court to
restrict the members to five-minute
questions on the Democratic side and the
Republican side but really to restrict
the Democrats from being able to really
fully probe this is a tremendous offense
against the advice and consent process
that the Constitution gives to the
United States Senate it should be a
thorough process it should be a fair
process and this is anything but fair
especially when this isn't just a piece
of legislation perhaps there have been
times when a bill has been rushed in
there wasn't very much time for a
hearing there's no outside limit on
having a full full and fair hearing but
they're not even having the witnesses
all the witnesses that should be there
but this idea that five-minute questions
are enough and then they're out and
they're gonna vote I hope that offends
Jeff Flake I hope that offends lisa
murkowski
I hope it offends Susan Collins and
other members because it should it's an
offense to the proper role of the United
States Senate in the confirmation
process and the process of being able to
reject someone who has been charged in
essence with such serious crimes it's
not a simple matter it's not a trivial
matter and there's more than one witness
apparently to his misbehavior and so I
think it's a very serious issue and it's
a serious misstep on the part of Senator
Grassley to try to limit the hearing in
this way Wendy Sherman you've been in
that witness chair in the confirmation
hearing you know what that that pressure
is like
the Lisa and I have both sat through
endless confirmation hearings in the
Finance Committee we used to have the
chairman of the Federal Reserve come in
every person who sits in that witness
chair is nervous is on edge it is the
most tense moment for the Federal
Reserve Chairman who's accustomed to
this talk about what dr. Ford will be
feeling when she's in that chair it's
very tough my first confirmation hearing
to be assistant secretary for
legislative affairs Jesse Helms was the
chairman mm-hmm and indeed it was
connected to Anita Hill why it was so
tough David Brock who now has come over
to the Democrats was a right-wing
Republican at the time and had written a
book about the real Anita Hill and so
chairman Helms in front of my then
ten-year-old daughter said are you gonna
lie to this committee the way you lied
for a Nita Hill the way you'll meet a
hill lied and so I had to sit there and
think what is my 10 year old thinking
about her mom so Christine Blasi Ford is
going to be under enormous pressure
she's had tremendous courage to come
forward I certainly didn't have to deal
with that in a confirmation hearing but
she is and I hope that everyone will
embrace her and give her all the support
she deserves I'm counting on the
Democrats to do that I hope there are
some stalwart Republicans who will do so
oh we will find out Wendy Sherman Lisa
graves thank you both for joining our
discussions I'd really appreciate it
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
