one of these nights I'm gonna be able to
open the show thanks Chris thanks you
home for joining us this hour and then
I'm not gonna have to say hey we're in
the middle of breaking news or about to
do things in a way that's unusual and I
had to throw away half the show yeah one
of these nights we will get to the shore
of normal news we are not yet on that
blissful Shore tear up the show let's
start with a developing story again this
evening late this evening Senate
Republicans announced that they've
scheduled a potential vote on the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the
United States Supreme Court that
nomination of course has been in turmoil
since allegations arose of sexual
misconduct against Brett Kavanaugh
including one case of alleged attempted
rape allegation center on his time in
high school and in college
judge Cavanaugh has roundly flatly
repeatedly denied all of it dr.
Christine Blasi Ford says that Brett
Kavanaugh assaulted her and tried to
rape her when he was 17 she has
requested that the Judiciary Committee
considering his nomination and the White
House they should allow the FBI to
reopen its background check of Brett
Kavanaugh to look into her allegations
about this alleged attempted rape Senate
Republicans said no to that dr. Ford
also asked for the committee to take
testimony from witnesses who she said
could potentially corroborate elements
of her story Senate Republicans also
said no to that she further asked for
senators to at least question her of
themselves rather than appoint outside
lawyers to question her as if she was
being put on trial herself for some kind
of wrongdoing Republicans not only said
no to that they announced today that
they've appointed an experienced former
prosecutor to question dr. Ford in front
of the Senate and they won't say who it
is it's a secret nevertheless dr.
Christine Blasi Ford is now scheduled to
testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee on this matter on Thursday
morning and now this evening Senate
Republicans have announced that they
think they'll be ready to vote on Kevon
Cavanaugh's nomination the very next day
first thing Friday morning
which apparently means they plan to move
forward on a vote without ever hearing
testimony from the second accuser who
came forward after Christine Blasi Ford
with a second serious claim about Judge
Cavanaugh her name is Debra Ramirez miss
Ramirez spelled out her allegation
against Brett Kavanaugh in the New
Yorker in an article that was published
this weekend she said essentially that
when she was in college and Brett
Kavanaugh was a classmate of hers as an
undergraduate he put his genitals in her
face forcing her to touch them as she
tried to push him away quoting from The
New Yorker quote I was embarrassed and
ashamed and humiliated
she says she remembers Brett Kavanaugh
standing to her right and laughing
pulling up his pants Brett was laughing
she said I can still see his face and
his hips coming forward like when you
pull up your pants she recalled another
male student shouting about the incident
quote somebody yelled down the hall
Brett Kavanaugh just put his penis in
Debbie's face she said it was his full
name I don't think it was just Brett and
I remember hearing and being mortified
that this was out there another
classmate of Debbie Ramirez has told The
New Yorker that while he himself was not
present at that party he says he is
quote 100 percent sure that he was told
at the time that Brett Kavanaugh was the
student who had exposed himself to miss
Ramirez so after that allegation was
published this weekend Senator Dianne
Feinstein she's the top Democrat on the
Judiciary Committee she asked for a
further delay in the confirmation
proceedings for Brett Kavanaugh so this
allegation could also be looked at
tonight the Republican Committee
Chairman Chuck Grassley
rejected that request from Dianne
Feinstein he said he sees no reason why
should there should be any further delay
and he sees no reason why miss Ramirez
should be invited to testify or to
participate in the hearing that's been
called for Thursday why wouldn't they
want to hear from her I mean they're
holding the hearing already the attorney
for Debra Ramirez says she stands by her
story and she has been trying to get her
story to the Senate Judiciary Committee
miss Ramirez says attorney says tonight
quote
Ramirez only came forward after being
contacted by Ronan Farrow at the New
Yorker and carefully working through her
memories only to ensure her accuracy we
reached out to the Senate Judiciary
Committee to schedule a call to discuss
how best to bring them that information
and they have refused to meet all
scheduled appointments hmm we have
officially requested an FBI
investigation and our client remains
adamant that that is the appropriate
venue for her to discuss her trauma miss
Ramirez is ready to swear to the FBI
under penalty of perjury why won't the
Senate Judiciary Committee welcome that
could hear her attorney Joe or attorneys
name is John Clooney you can hear him
sort of asking out loud publicly why the
Senate Judiciary Committee which is
hearing the nomination of this man for
the Supreme Court why they wouldn't want
to hear testimony from his client why
they wouldn't want to receive
information from his client about that
nominee that they are considering and it
does seem a little mysterious why Senate
Republicans are not waiting for her
allegations to be heard and in fact even
the White House said today basically
yeah maybe she should testify how about
that same day that dr. Ford's gonna be
there on Thursday does the president one
mizramirez
to appear before the Senate Judiciary
Committee as well certainly we would be
open to that and that process could take
place on Thursday certainly White House
could be open to that SAR nominee could
take place on Thursday but that is
apparently not what's going to happen
tonight Senate Republicans are not just
saying they don't see what the testimony
of one woman might have to do with the
testimony of the other woman not only
are they not waiting hear from Deborah
Ramirez
they are bulldozing ahead preparing to
vote the day after they could hear from
that accuser but they've decided they
won't why are Republicans trying to move
this so fast why do they not want this
new person's testimony before they vote
particularly because she's offering to
testify under pain of perjury and if as
mr. klain's says there has been contact
that they have made an effort to contact
the Senate Judiciary Committee
the Judiciary Committee is refusing to
meet all scheduled appointments to
discuss this allegation against Brett
Kavanaugh I mean my basic question here
is is this a live issue now is it
possible that she would still testify or
that the committee in some other way
will hear her allegation joining us now
is the attorney who represents Deborah
Ramirez in this matter John clean mr.
clean thank you very much for joining us
this evening I appreciate you making
time for us Thank You Rachel
so you said publicly today that you've
reached out to the Senate Judiciary
Committee that there was an effort made
to discuss how best to bring him in for
this information that's been put forward
by your client can you tell us this the
status of those discussions are those
negotiations sure so we've had a number
of email communications back and forth
and and every time we try to set up a
phone call with them they end up pushing
the phone call back and then since I
sent out that tweet about two hours ago
we had a phone call scheduled and and we
called in for the phone call and only
the minority party showed for the phone
call so that you received communication
from the chairman of the Chairman's
staff from the jority committee staff
but then only Democrats were on the call
that's correct
what do you make of that that seems odd
you know it's it's disturbing they you
know they keep on kind of changing the
what the rules of how they want to go
forward and and every time that we talk
about want to talk about how that's
going forward and just discuss it on the
phone and they push it back so I mean
it's hard to to see that they're really
interested in getting the information
that Miss Ramirez has in terms of miss
Ramirez and this allegation that she's
made against judge Kavanagh it was
explained in The New Yorker when Jane
Mayer and Rowan Pharos piece that miss
Ramirez did not come forward and offer
her story to these reporters but rather
these reporters approached her after
they had heard about this incident from
other people they suggested and in fact
said in their piece that your client
miss Ramirez is was was reluctant and
unsure about whether or not she wanted
to make this allegation publicly or have
her name associated with it can you shed
any more light for
on her her thought process and and what
she's been through over the past few
days as this allegation has come to
light yeah sure I mean she she received
a phone call from Ronan Farrow one day a
voice message when she was at work at
the Boulder County Health and Human
Services she had not talked about this
matter for many years prior to this and
she had a hard time deciding whether not
to call mr. Farrell back and then she
started getting some other messages from
other reporters and it was obviously
this wasn't going to go away and so she
made the decision to go ahead and and
cooperate with mr. Farrow but she
certainly wasn't seeking out you know
any public disclosure of this on her own
and she was just responding to the call
that she got and she responded and told
us candidly as she could the
recollection is that she had about what
happened the fact that other people may
have alerted reporters to her story that
it didn't come from her raises the issue
obviously that that tells us tells us
something about the human factor of what
she's going through here in terms of
learning that her name might become
public learning that those reporters
were already discussing her with regard
to this allegation it also raises the
issue of corroborating witnesses and
whether or not there were people who
were aware that this had happened who
had reason to be talking about it who
had a reason to be speaking to reporters
about it in terms of mrs. Ramirez and
her recollections her allegation here
can you tell us if there are
corroborating witnesses if there are
other people who she either spoke to at
the time or close to the time of the
incident or who knew about the incident
that when it happened who would be
willing also to speak publicly about it
now right well there have been and some
of those witnesses were identified in
The New Yorker piece and some of those
witnesses didn't cooperate but still
could be interviewed by the FBI should
that be the direction that the
investigation turns I mean there's
there's not a lot of question that this
actually happened I mean you have a
situation where there are a number of
people who are interviewed who have said
yes they heard about it they heard about
that night they heard about it within a
couple days afterwards some of the
people that were fellow Yale students
were talking about it openly in the past
month on email saying I wonder if the
story's going to come forward so I don't
think there's any question that the the
incident actually occurred I mean judge
Kavanagh might suggest that
a case of mistaken identity but
something clearly occurred our client
disclosed to her mother and her sister
35 years ago about what happened
there's plenty more people that need to
be contacted that if there's gonna be a
real investigation and find out what
happened that can be but at this point
it doesn't look like there's at least
much of a momentum for that to take
place in terms of the discussions that
you have tried to start with the Senate
Judiciary Committee as they consider
judge Cavanaugh's nomination have any of
those discussions included the
possibility of other people also
offering testimony to the committee or
being interviewed by committee
investigators has that either come up or
is that part of what you would be
willing to talk with the committee about
here's the problem Rachel as they won't
talk to us I mean that the minority
party spoke to us for the very first
time tonight and the majority party
wouldn't speak to us so we don't know
what their what they're willing to do
the demand that they keep making of us
is give us every piece of information
that you have now and then we can talk
about scheduling a phone call and that's
just not you know the kind of partisan
game playing that you know our client
deserves that's not fair to her why do
you see that as partisan game playing
just as an attorney in terms of advising
your client here why does that why is
that something that you don't want to do
you know the the idea that they won't
even talk to her account cyl about what
the process might look like what the
options are and that tells me that
whatever they're planning it's either
gonna be by ambush or it's going to be
used as just a footnote to the
confirmation process and this will all
be dealt with within a few days we do
now have some detail tonight in terms of
how this hearing is going to go on
Thursday at least how the majority is
suggesting the Thursday hearing is going
to go they've suggested that the
Republicans on the Senate committee will
not themselves ask questions of
Christine Blasi Ford they will instead
essentially have a pinch-hitter to come
in an outside counsel who will ask
questions on their behalf they've also
said there will just be five minutes per
senator for questioning and there will
be a single round nobody will be allowed
to ask any follow-up questions or come
around for a second
for a second round of questioning we
also know basic things in terms of the
timing of the committee hearing which
tests which witness will go first when
there will be a break in between the two
witnesses and those sorts of details
given what's been spelled out about that
that that hearing on Thursday if the
committee changed course and was willing
to talk to you about the circumstances
and was willing to invite testimony from
your client along those same lines along
those same logistically constraints
would your would your client testify
you know I'd let her make that decision
but I wouldn't advise it that's a very
unfair process I mean one of the you
know I was a former prosecutor and and
you know a case that's 35 years old the
only way you're gonna get at what
actually happened besides talking to the
two people who are involved is talking
to the corroborating witnesses for both
sides you know this is gonna be a
process where judge Kavanagh and either
dr. Ford or w Ramirez are taking
questions you know you're never gonna
find out what really happened or you're
certainly not gonna find out any
corroboration it makes it a lot easier
to just ignore these women if they're
just going to question the actual women
and judge Cavanaugh mr. Kuhn I know
you've said that you want and your
client wants to speak to the FBI and
what happily do so under pain of perjury
and in order to have this matter
investigated properly the White House
and Republicans in the Senate appear
adamantly dug-in against that prospect
they do not want the FBI to reopen its
background investigation of Judge
Cavanaugh if they will not budge on that
issue specifically how how else would
you want to proceed if an if the FBI
investigation isn't going to happen what
do you think should happen next year in
terms of having your client treated
fairly and having this allegation
considered fairly well I first of all I
think that would be a real failure on
the part of the Senate Judiciary
Committee if they were not to open an
FBI investigation we've really had only
one process for the background
investigations into potential Supreme
Court nominees for many many years the
only way that is actually not a partisan
process is for the FBI to do the
investigation so that that would really
be a failure on the part of the Senate
if that's the route that they decided if
they decided
to do something like or not not do
something like that and just go forward
I would have to talk to the Senate
Judiciary Committee the fact that they
refused to actually get on the phone
with me and talk to me about what other
options they might have in mind and
instead just sit back and demand that I
give them all the information that we
have which feels like and an effort to
just gather the information and sweep it
under the rug and it's hard to say that
I would I would suggest that she do
anything further but they need to be
able to have a meaningful conversation
with W Ramirez as counsel and talk about
what other options they're proposing if
it's not going to be FBI I don't know
what that would be but what I'd love to
talk to them about it
Shawn Clun attorney representing Debbie
Ramirez in this matter thank you very
much for joining us this evening I know
you you you got to us tonight on short
notice thanks for being here sir thanks
Rachel again underscoring what's going
on there this is news tonight so Debra
Ramirez is the second woman to come
forward with a serious allegation of
sexual misconduct against Judge Brett
Kavanaugh who's up for a Supreme Court
nomination her attorney telling us
tonight that she wants to talk to the
FBI that she volunteers to talk to the
FBI that both her and people who could
be corroborating witnesses for her
account should be interviewed by the FBI
but separate and apart from that her
counsel telling us that while there have
been there has been a concerted effort
by her and through counsel to reach out
to the Senate Judiciary Committee to
provide this information that
Republicans on the committee are
literally not showing up on the phone
calls that they have set up to discuss
how she might get them this information
only Democrats are joining those calls
even after the Republicans of the
Republican chairman and his staff set
those things up why the Republicans
would refuse to even negotiate over how
to obtain this information that's that's
unusual I might suggest to the Senate
Judiciary Committee tonight there may
have been some misunderstanding here
that's the best possible spin I could
put on this if this is a
misunderstanding you can clear it up by
calling John Clun you have his number
much more ahead tonight stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
