now the news tonight is about how this
hearing will run all the Republican
members of the Judiciary Committee are
men and they made an issue of that fact
today by announcing that a woman will
handle the questions on Thursday
majority leader McConnell did not
appoint a woman senator to the committee
which he could do that be one way to do
it instead announcing the hiring of a
woman lawyer for this job and
Republicans assert that she is an
experienced sex crimes prosecutor which
may be true I would love to tell you
about how we fact-checked that but the
Republicans have made that impossible
for us to do because they're not even
and this is a little weird releasing her
name tonight so there's no way to
publicly examine the questioners record
for those of us in the news room there's
also no way and this could be important
to prepare witnesses for how that person
will approach questioning which is
normally done obviously in the Senate as
well as in court now these are the same
senators who also have refused an FBI
probe into dr. Ford's accusation saying
they the people in your screen can
handle it and now in a way they're
saying they at least cannot handle or
don't want to handle part of it the live
questioning part now we want to give you
some context there are some precedents
for this times where a committee relies
on someone other than the Senators to
ask a question it's rare occurred for
example with attorney Fred saw Thompson
he was the official minority counsel for
the Senate Watergate committee and if
you remember as many people do that
dramatic questioning back then he dealt
with some of the questions because of
their complexity and the details
involved in the probe wall senators
stood by and watched that's what you're
what you're witnessing there this though
obviously doesn't look like that kind of
case where someone with a long term
subject matter interest like the
official counsel for the committee is
dealing with topics my job is to report
to you the news but when it looks bad I
have to tell you what looks bad
this looks bad because it does look
unlike the Watergate President more like
a method for the mail centers to avoid
catching heat political pressure
criticism for the way that they might
push the accuser an issue that of course
came up in the 1991 hearings when Anita
Hill testified here's what one senator
cheri Democrat has to say about all this
I think this is an example of the
Republicans on the committee
not wanting to reveal themselves to the
American public as the Republicans do
not want a question dr. Ford directly
because they will reveal who they are
and I think they're afraid of that it
will reveal who they are and that is a
political statement in the middle of a
big political brawl over the Supreme
Court but it also runs to the heart of
what are we preparing to witness on
Thursday is it an investigation is a
congressional oversight is that the
advise and consent power responsibly
exercised or is it something else now
you hear the senator there talk about
what's revealing many critics are saying
Donald Trump is further revealing
himself by going after a new woman who
stepped forward
Deborah Ramirez excuse me Ramirez I
should say she's a Yale classmate of
Cavanaugh and she alleges that he
exposed himself to her and she says she
is now in contact with a Senate
Judiciary Committee to determine the
best process to provide senators with
additional information now here's Trump
on that er just come up from 36 years
ago that had totally unsubstantiated
said she was totally so that's where the
president is there's also news breaking
late tonight as so much news seems to
break at this hour a source telling NBC
News this is new that Senate Judiciary
staffers had a call with Brett Kavanaugh
today to explicitly interview him about
these new allegations from miss Ramirez
now Cavanaugh has denied them but that
tells you there's movement on whether
there's going to be a widening
discussion of accusations that's a big
deal then you have senator Lisa
Murkowski a key Republican swing vote
asked if the FBI should open their
investigation further
well it would sure clear up all the
questions said running through a doorway
but an answer nonetheless then you have
Senator Lindsey Graham you may remember
that he's often styled himself as a kind
of a moderate even a kind of a
conscience for the Republican Party at
least on issues like Guantanamo well
here is his message the Republican Party
now why didn't the Democrats come
forward and July when they found out
about it when I would say to Senator
Murkowski is that this process is played
out because of what they did not cause
of what I did
are you really innocent or guilty based
on the accusation if the accusation is
enough god help us all around here this
all comes as other people are speaking
out Cavanaugh's former roommate said to
The New Yorker magazine that he recalled
Cavanaugh being frequently incoherently
drunk and that he believes the second
accuser saying based on my time with
Brett I believe that he and his social
circle were capable the actions that
Debbie described Cavanaugh denies those
allegations and that is more of a
character witness than an underlying
allegation but as it stacks up the
question for the committee is at what
point is affirmation a promotion in
question I want to play some more of
Cavanaugh side of this but first let me
introduce our panel of experts tonight
I'm joined by Aaron Carmona senior
correspondent New York Magazine who
broke the story on sexual harassment
allegations against Charlie Rose she's
the co-author of a book that I've said
around here I like the notorious RBG
life and times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg
KDK is an anchor for BBC news in
Washington and Lisa Menendez a
contributing editor at bustled I'm gonna
get to everyone starting with Irene take
a look at how many times Cavanaugh
really tried to slam the idea in this
Fox News interview that he wants a fair
process I am looking for a fair process
and all masking for his fairness all I'm
asking for is a fair process just asking
for a fair process again
I'm just asking for a fair process I
want a fair process where I can defend
my integrity I want a fair process where
I can defend my integrity I just want a
fair process I just want a fair process
you just want an opportunity a fair
process we're looking for a fair process
so what I'm hearing is he wants a fair
ball
yeah I guess they would ask Brett
Kavanaugh you are a learning man of the
law
why does a fair process not include a
neutral record fact-finding why does it
not include speaking to investigators
why is this hearing as of now only
taking place with two people one of whom
has an allegation and the other of whom
denies it so if you're not going to
interview the other person that
Christine Ford puts in the room if
you're prejudicing the results you're
prejudging the results by making
statements like we're going to plow
through to a vote or I'll listen to the
lady but let's hear her out is that due
process for dr. Ford is it even due
process or a fair process I mean it
seems like Republicans are making it up
as they go along now they're saying
they're going to have an investigator
excuse me a prosecutor whose identity
they won't release it makes it seem like
they can't even help themselves they
can't help but say something sexist or
insensitive to victims and they realize
that a big portion of America is finding
these allegations credible so they're
going be gonna sit there during these
proceedings stony-faced
you know is this going to be an
illustration to their base that white
men are being silenced I don't think
anybody understands what this is going
to be like but to me it does not look
like a fair process it does not have the
markings of a fair process
Kaddi speak to that a town that you've
covered for some time that when a woman
walks into this Judiciary Committee
hearing on Thursday as the first
Republican representative she will not
be a senator she will be a staffer yeah
actually by the way Mitch McConnell may
have a point that they should worry
about how this is gonna look because he
this afternoon called the woman in
question who I believe is an expert in
the field of sexual harassment and is a
prosecutor herself a lawyer herself he
called her an assistant so that may be
some indication of perhaps the kind of
mistake I think you raise an important
point like to avoid and as Kanye West
would say I'm going to let you finish
but since
you brought it up let me play a Mitch
McConnell for your analysis of that
quote let's take a look we're looking
for the truth here we have hired a
female assistant to go on staff and to
ask these questions in a respectful and
professional way I think she makes the
coffee afterwards well male senators
look this is their problem right and
this is why they have made this call
that they can't be the ones standing
there I mean I actually gave them the
benefit of the doubt thinking it wasn't
what was coming out of their mouth that
they were worried about it was just the
optics of the fact that you had eleven
men sitting there having heard Mitch
McConnell this afternoon it makes me
think that they needed to worry about
the tone of their questioning as well
and to build on your point for both you
and ana-lucia let's look just at the
historical evolution here we have the
percent of Republican women and put this
up on the Senate Judiciary Committee of
91 during those only similar precedent
the bruising hearings questioning EDA
Hill now we're gonna reveal for viewers
here that's the percent today the
saddest pie chart I've ever seen I feel
bad for your graphics department that
they were asked to make that but to this
question of you know Brett Kavanaugh
saying that he wants fairness he was
explicitly asked whether or not he
thought an FBI investigation was the
right way to go and he responded yet
again with what I want is fairness
really trying to stay away from
specifics and to your point about the
optics you have senator corker saying
well if I were on the Judiciary
Committee I wouldn't want to ask
questions because someone's gonna say
something that you guys meeting you
cable news are gonna run 24/7 so there
is some awareness on their part that
they could step in it at the same time
they have the President of the United
States the leader of their party
degrading a woman who has come forward
with these allegations so I'm not sure
that they are going to save themselves
simply by having a woman ask these
questions
the bigger question you know besides the
Republican Party's optics on this one
and what they might say is what are
these hearings actually going to achieve
because my growing sense is that both
sides frankly are going into Thursday
with their minds made
is there anything that she could say or
that he could say barring something
extraordinary that would actually change
any minds in which case why are we doing
this and what we need to be doing is
everybody is saying and it even Lisa
Murkowski has now come around saying is
having a proper investigation that is
the only way in this very partisan
environment with these midterms coming
up that we have any chance of getting to
the truth and even then it's going to be
difficult but at least give the
professional investigators a shot I mean
if there is going to be an investigation
it's going to be because of Lisa
Murkowski and Susan Collins and I think
as partisan and as polarized as this is
there are still persuadable votes right
there are red state Democrats who are
sort of standing there with their finger
in the wind trying to figure out which
way it's flowing everybody is looking
for signals and it fascinated me that
after a week or so of saying no FBI no
FBI the FBI doesn't do that today the
National reviews Jonah Goldberg wrote
ran a story saying maybe we should look
at the FBI and I take that to mean that
they cannot count on Lisa Murkowski and
they cannot count on Susan Collins and
that as we get closer to the curing and
dr. Ford has called their bluff and is
showing up and isn't ago she adding
terms and all along maybe they were
hoping she wouldn't show up they now
realize that this is not going anywhere
good for them well I think you make such
a good point because that's why this is
not fear although I think Caddy's
Washington seasoned skepticism is very
apt which is to say this hearing could
be a joke and a farce based on the
trickery but it could also be the thing
potentially that changes everything if
some of these swing centers a Republican
side see and their constituents see
enough evidence right this is not the
criminal standards we've emphasized on
this show nobody is up for going to jail
here just enough evidence to say this
promotion should be in doubt and to that
effort I want to show Susan Collins here
now I want to be very clear as we try to
be precise for viewers about what we're
seeing the assistant calls before the
second accuser came forward so this is
her view of things when it was only
doctor Ford courtesy of an interview
done through Showtime take a look Sarah
McConnell seems to be suggesting he has
the votes so
has the boats he must have your boat are
you still undecided I am how could I
decide before hearing the testimony of
Professor Ford so as Christie for the
only thing that leaves you and decide on
him I'm close I'm very close but I'm not
all the way there yet and professes her
for deserves to be heard that is her
hanging it on professor for yeah you're
making a face I can't click it quite
tell what face amazing well I think that
she she is repeating what the
Republicans have said all along
professor Ford deserves to be heard but
when she says I'm close I'm very close
but I'm not quite there yet what more
could professor Ford say in that hearing
that wouldn't change her mind
that's my question professor Ford has
laid out her story we know the
parameters of what she's going to say I
guess the only thing that could happen
would be that she would be very
plausible and Brett Cavanaugh would come
across as implausible or say something
that was detrimental to his but since
you posed then I find that hard to
believe
she's so prepped on this since you posed
it in the form of the question which is
sort of supposed to be my thing but we
can all do I will hazard an answer for
the sake of argument oh as the lawyers
would say when they're being annoying
argue endow which is to say I don't
necessarily believe this but one answer
to you would be that if the process
works putting her under oath before a
government committee under the penalty
of perjury and the criminal sanction
that comes with that I mean ask Rick
Gates or George papadopolis what happens
when you lie and you get caught before
the government that that is a higher
standard than her speaking of the
Washington Post and so if she does that
that alone it makes it more probative
again I'm sounding like a super lawyer
then simply speaking in public yeah and
I guess the same applies to him too
right but he will have to answer very
specific questions and speaking to that
body even the counselor is going to be
different from speaking to Fox News what
I find more interesting than Collins
sound is corker saying that there are
more of us than you think there are you
keep saying they're a handful of
Republicans who want to hear the
testimony right and what he called the
rebuttal but there are more of us and
we're a silent majority that
I think of something so you talk about a
silent majority you think about the
majority of voters being women you think
about how the Senate still is not
representative of the general diversity
of the nation here's some of the
pressure I want to show that we dug up
locally on senator Collins on the issue
senator collins says she has yet to make
her decision on judge Cavanaugh the
hearings until the information comes out
more their goal is to get senator Susan
Collins to listen to them I was
concerned with him before this all came
about with roe v-- wade they also
delivered letters with signatures from
sex assault victims I really want her to
know that women aren't counting on her
no new statement from Senator Collins
who has been the target of dozens of
protests and a 1.5 million dollar fund
for her future opponent should she help
confirm Cavanaugh where does that
pressure fit in I mean I think it means
that she has to at least acknowledge
this testimony sit there and consider it
and have a very good rationale coming
out of that testimony for why her
opinion has either stayed the same or
has changed yeah look we learn a lot
from each of you and I suspect as this
story continues we'll be hearing more
from each of you so thanks hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
