we are doing many things right now
including sanctions that are very
massive level one of the highest levels
we've ever done Iran has to change its
tune before I meet with them they want
to meet I'm not meeting with them until
they change their tune it will happen I
believe they have no choice
we look forward to having a great
relationship with Iran but it won't
happen now
the process of setting up a meeting with
North Korea
chairman Kim has been dealing with us we
have made tremendous progress far
greater than the media would understand
or know it has been really a very good
relationship as you know there have been
no tests no nuclear tests no Rockets go
missile launches and we got our hostages
back we're getting the remains of our
great heroes back and that's already
started that process and many more are
coming in the very short future so we're
doing very well with North Korea again
far greater than anybody would know I
have much personal correspondence with
chairman Kim and we will I think will do
something that's good for Chairman Kim
and good for North Korea and also good
for the rest of the world a meeting with
rod Rosen Stein on Thursday today I'm
doing other things as you probably
as well it's a very sad case and we want
to see it fixed what's happening there
is a human tragedy okay
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
