too big of a story know your value it is
exciting updated re-release right
material we have some wheat you know
what this book was so successful and
helped so many women get raises that we
have rereleased it updated it in the age
of Trump put in new information and dug
in deep on all the tips and strategies
go to know your value comm we do
workshops we have so much great
information available for women and we
need it now more than ever in terms of
not only finding our voices but using
them effectively and Cadi
you mean you've heard it when you're
around meek I hear it all the time women
come up to me all the time and say hey I
read your book I got a raise and bosses
hate it by the way because I've had
we've been at events together and it's
the practical nature of the information
that there's a very message that you can
tell them how to do it and I love the
line that you also have what's the worst
that's going to happen yes I mean the
very worst that's going to happen is
they say no really but at least then
you've told them that you want it and
next time around when they're looking at
the budgets then you're in line you know
the worst speech every day was talking
about know your value to a group of HR
leaders did not want they want to keep
good women they do want to retain good
talent you know we had an event for IBC
on Friday and you know Danny Hill foot
he runs a company where he wants to
retain good talent CEOs and HR leaders
they can't read your mind
so they sometimes lose people because
they're not asking or they don't have
the preparation to walk in there and get
what they need
so a lot of bosses embrace this
confident boss has completely embraced
the message because they want good
talent to stay and they want to give
them what they need to stay and
sometimes it's not hard at all to do not
hold it all in will he also there's an
added bonus you know rich
in a world in this story has barbecue
yeah instructions mika actually paints a
vivid picture of a post nato world goes
through it's all about gonna be a
charter premier we're in the page and
it's about NATO expansion
well we rewrite history in the age of
Trump and who was to get rid of NATO she
believes the key to the future of the
Western alliance tiny Luxembourg okay
alright now we have to go thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
