midterm elections are just six weeks
from today and they were on the
president's mind last night he tweeted
in all caps at 10:38 p.m. quote remember
the midterm that'll do the trick just
out this morning NBC News Marist Poll
has a virtual tie in Arizona's US Senate
race 48 percent for Democratic
congressman congresswoman Seesmic
Kyrsten Sinema and 45 percent for
republican congresswoman martha mcsalley
new polling from the University of North
Florida meanwhile has Democrat Andrew
Gilliam leading Republican Ron De Santis
in Florida in that governor's rings 47
to 43 and a dead even race in the
state's US Senate contest with 45% each
for Senator Bill Nelson and Governor
Rick Scott President Trump tweeted just
a few minutes ago about that Republican
party saying favorability is the highest
that's been in seven years three points
higher than Democrats at 45% in the
Gallup poll Republicans actually only
one point higher than the Democrats not
three as the president claims the latest
Gallup weekly tracking poll puts
president Trump's approval rating to 40
percent that 16 points below his
disapproval rating which is at 56%
joining us now is promised national
political correspondent for NBC News and
MSNBC Steve Kornacki his book the red
and the blue 1990s and the birth of
political tribalism is coming out and
gradually from today and I said really
this Redman is much better than his last
book I'm mad as hell I'm gonna rip your
head off so look at those polls we just
ran through what jumps out at you the
most yeah I mean Arizona it confirms
what I think we've been talking about
that Arizona is the most likely pickup
opportunity for Democrats remember they
need a net gain of two to get back the
Senate you look at the four I think they
got a realistic or somewhat realistic
shot at Arizona that's the one where
we're they've had most consistently the
lead Florida is interesting because it
raises the possibility you know
Democrats absolutely love Andrew Gilliam
and the energy he brings they may get
him elected governor on the same day
that Rick Scott takes out Bill Nelson
for the Senate that is a very plausible
outcome in Florida so try to make sense
of that one
so you everything help me out
states that could go either way right
now either way I have Missouri Arizona
Nevada Florida West Virginia Indiana
Tennessee perhaps on the outside Texas
missed any yeah here's this is the way I
would look at it if you had to rank them
in terms of the states of Democrats
needing a net gain of excuse me
Republicans trying to get gains here in
those Democratic seats North Dakota I
think the single most vulnerable
Democrat up is Heidi Heitkamp in North
Dakota the battle for number two I think
is between Florida and Missouri
who's more endangered right now is it
McCaskill or is it Nelson I'm starting
to think Nelson might be even though
Florida is closer on paper because
McCaskill's mikasa McCaskill survived a
couple of these really close race yeah
and now Scott is a very strong candidate
there then I think look we had a poll
last week in Montana there had been some
thinking that tester had really kind of
insulated himself poll last week put
them up only to you look at the lean of
that state I think you know Montana
Indiana is sort of your next rung and
then you say West Virginia on paper you
know just because it's such a big Trump
state but Manchin the man Manchin has
protected himself pretty well so it's
just Arizona Tennessee Nevada and maybe
Texas for the pickup so if the Democrats
just lose too from that first column
that I gave you
they need to be gaining for well another
coach John Heilemann we knew all along
they had to run the board but this is if
it's a wave election if it's a big blue
wave election then you have you know 10
11 races it could go either way if it's
more split down the middle we may not
know who who's running the Senate until
Mississippi has its special election
three weeks later yeah that's right I
mean look I'm and I Steve Kornacki knows
you know this this map has always been
difficult for Democrats it's a
historically difficult for Democrats
maybe the most to a challenging map that
we've ever seen in an off-year or in a
midterm election on the Senate side and
so Democrats who really do after we
would have to run the table and it
really would have to be a big giant wave
for that to happen but we now are in
this incredible moment as we've been
discussing earlier in the show we're
looking at Thursday right now we're -
gargantuan things could
and one of which at least how the
Supreme Court nomination plays out is
going to directly affect one of the
central dynamics of the voting behavior
that we're looking at in these midterms
which is how women vote across the
country in all of these states and
certainly at the house level in a lot of
key districts so Republicans are you
know on the under the how the president
decides to handle rod Rosenstein and
what the fallout from that is how the
Republicans decide to handle Brett
Kavanaugh and what the fallout from that
is these are live issues that could
contribute to either quelling the wave
to some extent or making it even larger
if it does exist yeah you know Cadi my
favorite quote in politics former
Illinois Senator Paul Simon who said
they said what did you learn that all
your years in politics he said I learned
a lot of times when you win you lose and
when you lose you win this Kavanagh
nomination lines up more along sort of
that thinking than anything I've seen in
recent history
if Republicans get their way if
Cavanaugh is steamrolled through as
Mitch McConnell says that's an automatic
motivator for every Democratic woman
every independent woman and a hell of a
lot of Democratic men and women whereas
if Democrats blocked Kavanagh that's an
awakening on the right I think and a lot
of angry motivated people saying we're
gonna throw all the Democrats yeah I
mean I've heard the argument that if the
Republicans don't get him through that
depresses Republican turnout because
they're gonna say listen if you can't
even get a Supreme Court judge in then
we don't want to turn out I think it
does what you say I think it galvanizes
them because they've got to hold on to
the Senate I mean if nothing else
they've really got to make sure they
turn out to hold on to the Senate
because they could have been having this
again when you look at that list Steve
to what extent at each of these local
races and to what extent can they tell
us something about the nature of a wave
on the Democratic side if there is one I
think if Florida in particular so we all
Andrew Gilliam gets the nomination we
say well this is a far left candidate
for in turn democratic terms but if he
wins there then you look at bredesen
who's a kind of
right down the middle centrist more
conservative leading Democrat are we
going to learn something about where the
Democratic Party is going from each of
these races yeah I think there's a
couple interested there are a couple
interesting tests there one is in
Florida where if Rick Scott the
disparity you're seeing in these polls
we're Gilliam the Democrat is leading in
the race for governor and Scott it is
tied in some other polls leading in the
race for the Senate the big swing there
is non-white voters so Rick Scott is
performing five points better in this
newest poll I think we just showed a
minute ago it's up on the screen right
there Rick Scott is performing five
points better among Hispanic voters than
Ron DeSantis is in the governor's race
he's also performing a couple points
better among black voters and then
DeSantis is among than against Gilliam
one of the reasons is that Scott has
made a very concerted effort in the last
year after Hurricane Maria to win over
puerto rican many trips to puerto rico
he distanced himself immediately when
President Trump made those comments
about the death count and Scott you know
it's around the edges but if in Florida
you are performing you know half a dozen
points better for instance among
Hispanic voters that can make a
difference as a Florida native are close
to Florida native Florida resident how
shocking I've been shocked that Gilliam
has been comfortably ahead of De Santis
four or five points that is the one
swing state I think we've talked about
this the fourth the only swing state
where Donald Trump is still doing well
yeah well and it's interesting too
because look we have to remember what we
saw in 2016 I remember standing a few
feet over from ear on election night
looking at those early numbers from
Florida and saying the Democrats were
getting what they needed out of those
three counties you know a Broward
miami-dade Palm Beach and then suddenly
saw a surge in the other part of the
state and DeSantis has aligned
themselves so closely with Trump you
know certainly at least until a little
bit of a friction in the last week so
you do wonder with that sort of latent
surge still be out there but right now
you know Gilliam yeah every poll I've
seen has hit a angioma head out there I
certainly think it's right that the two
events appears they will be defining at
least somewhat for the terms the the
Cavanaugh hearings of course and then
and then Rhodes has done his fate
decided at the White House and certainly
the White House has been nervous about
having to be so aggressive about
Cavanaugh so fearful about how that what
that could do for female voters how that
could energize Democrats going
way but Gene Robinson a question for you
if rod roses on Deputy Attorney General
meets his fate on Thursday and he's
dismissed I think we can all agree that
that will sort of further fire up
Democrats but how does it play the other
way how do you see his fate one whether
he stays in the job or the is dis or
aspired how does that play with
Republicans is that going to turn them
out to the polls how does that work
that's a great question and and I mean I
think it probably plays well to the core
Trump base but Republicans need more
than the core Trump base if they're
gonna if they're gonna hold either house
of Congress to tell you the truth I mean
they need they need not just the core
base they need the rest of the
Republican Party and they need some
independence but I think yeah I think
Trump is has has prepared his base for
anything he would do up to and including
firing robert muller and putting us into
the full-blown constitutional crisis one
one other interesting thing i think that
we see in in stevecori Aki's numbers and
and and steve don't beast try not to be
so angry you know just take a step back
and a deep breath but but one thing we
see in those numbers i think is that you
know if there's gonna be we talk about a
wave or no way if there's gonna be a
democratic wave if the minority voters
and women voters are going to be
motivated to vote they're gonna come out
and they're going to do it basically and
you see in florida where minority voters
are apparently motivated and and have
you know are gonna vote a gilliam could
win those other endangered Democrats in
senate need to find a way to energize
that minority vote energized that
women's vote and and that's gonna be the
way they survive if they do alright
steve Kornacki and Eugene Robinson thank
you both very much
we're giving you gift certificate for a
spa day yeah just sort of easy yes I I
appreciate that the anger management
classes haven't quite been getting it
done
we're actually giving you gift
certificate a lifetime gift certificate
to bliss and right solonian blue guys
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
