thing one tonight when it comes to Trump
in Saudi Arabia the policy is the
customer is always right
which is why President Trump seems to be
overcompensating lately when it comes to
talking up the number of jobs that are
supposedly going to be created by these
arms deals that we've got now the
original deal was supposedly going to
create 40,000 Trop jobs then Trump made
it bigger I worked very hard to get the
order for the military it's 110 billion
dollars I believe it's the largest order
ever made
it's 450,000 jobs okay
now two things here the 110 billion
dollar number itself we know to be an
exaggeration but 450,000 jobs now that
is a lot of jobs although I think it
might sound a little better if you round
it up a bit they have a tremendous order
110 billion dollars every country in the
world wanted a piece of that order gets
500,000 jobs 500,000 jobs we're up to
500,000 jobs nothing has changed about
the deal of course but in two days we
somehow went up 50,000 more jobs we have
450 million dollars worth of things
ordered from a very rich country Saudi
Arabia 600,000 jobs maybe more than that
600,000 do I hear 600,000 and now it's a
450 million dollar deal every time this
guy talks the numbers go up this is
equipment in various things ordered from
Saudi Arabia 450 billion dollars I think
it's over a million jobs ok this is kind
of not even funny anymore I think that's
over a million jobs a million to over a
million jobs okay yes yeah a million to
over a million jobs sure you ever
noticed that there is a there's a
sentence with a number in it Trump
cannot complete that sentence without
raising the number that's thing two or
maybe three or maybe even more than more
than that in 60 seconds Donald Trump has
been inflating numbers for as long as
anyone's been paying
attention to him from his net worth to
his crowd sizes to the number of jobs
created by Saudi arms deals but to the
close observer the behavior seems to be
something more pathological it seems
that with the exception of his golf
score as an official weight
whenever Trump sees a number it needs he
needs to make it bigger we've created
almost 500,000 so it's going to be
600,000 manufacturing jobs we have vets
that used to wait on line for 7 days 20
days 30 days I've heard up to 38 days 2
days 5 days 20 days 30 days 50 days to
build a highway in this country would
take 17 18 20 and even 21 years you
could have lost 30 40 50 million people
401ks are up 30 40 in some cases much
higher than that percent well they have
90 they have 92 and they have 93 percent
they have massive tariffs on us 50
percent in one case a hundred percent in
some cases more than that hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
