if in fact rod Rosenstein does end up
resigning today because of the his
statements that he's made I think it's
clearly becomes necessary and
appropriate for whoever the person
that's put in charge of the this in
other words whoever becomes the Deputy
Attorney General acting which may be the
Solicitor General know Francisco whoever
is actually handling this special
counsel inquiry in light of all of this
I think it's really important that there
be a step back taken here and a review
and basically a timeout on this inquiry
the president's own lawyer Jay Sekulow
on his radio show giving away the game
today and what they hope would be the
outcome if in fact Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein loses his job as
sucker Lowe puts it a timeout on the
mole investigation for reaction those
comments and derozan Stein's uncertain
fate I'm joined by congressman Adam
Schiff of California ranking member of
the House Intelligence Committee let me
start with that the president's own
motor on his radio show saying a time
out a step back what does that mean
what's your reaction to it well this is
certainly the Trump lawyers giving away
exactly what this is all about they want
to get rid of Rod Rosenstein they want
to make a halt to the Muller
investigation they call it a pause but
they want to see the mole investigation
go completely away and they think the
opportunity of getting rid of rod
Rosenstein putting someone else in his
place the president's own personal
version of Roy Cohn who will do his
bidding is exactly what they're after
and I think under no circumstances
should rod Rosen Stein play into those
aspirations by resigning if the
president is going to obstruct justice
he needs to own it and more than that
Congress needs to step up and take up
legislation to protect him now and not
wait until there's a catastrophe are you
do you remain confident in Rosen Stein's
integrity competence independence and
ability right now look I haven't always
agreed with rod Rosenstein and four
months I've urged both he and the
Justice Department to stop providing
materials to Congress and a pending
investigation that we have no business
reviewing and that they're merely going
to provide to the Trump legal defense
team from his allies in Congress I
haven't always agreed with the judgments
made about this but I do believe he has
the best interest of justice at heart
that he is protecting the Muller
investigation to the best of his ability
and that is exactly what he should be
doing and I can understand the pressure
that he's under and wanting to if he is
to leave the Justice Department not go
out in the middle of a spat with the
president but the higher obligation here
is to the Constitution the interest of
justice and that means that you do not
resign if the president is going to
order you to do something unethical you
refuse and you allow yourself to be
fired but you don't create a vacancy
under the vacancies act that will allow
the president to circumvent the rule of
law by putting a crony in that position
so it's a crucial distinction to you
whether he resigns or fired in terms of
how he were to depart if he in fact is
going to be taken out of his job it's
crucial in two respects it's crucial in
that if he resigns as opposed to being
fired then the president gets to replace
him on an interim basis with somebody
who simply do his bidding but it's also
important in the case that Bob Muller
may be putting together on the issue of
obstruction of justice in that case the
firing of James Comey is Exhibit A and
the firing of rod Rhodes enstein would
be Exhibit B if he resigns that makes it
more murky as to whether this
constitutes a further act of obstruction
what's your worst fear about what
happens if Rosenstein were to go my
worst fear is that the president puts
someone in that position that will
essentially tell Muller to stop the
investigation that will tell Muller with
respect to anything further that they
might do that you will not look at this
you will not look at that those
conversations would all be private one
of the things that Bob Muller I believe
needs to do to do a thorough
investigation to determine whether the
Russians were laundering money through
the Trump organization whether that is
the leverage the Russians may have over
the president United States well Rob
Rosen Stein makes that decision now if
he's replaced someone else would make
that decision do you ever let me just
stop you there do you reason to believe
that's the case the Russians were
laundering money for
the Trump Organization as the leverage
well there's certainly many serious
allegations about this and we can see in
statements that the president's own sons
have made at a time when they were
buying properties like golf courses with
cash and they were asked where you're
getting all this money and one of the
son said we're getting it from Russia we
get all the money we need from Russia we
don't basically needed to deal with
American banks and at another time one
of the other sons said we get a
disproportionate share of our assets
from Russia and then you see that there
is certainly evidence of the purchase of
properties by Russia the flipping of
those properties of course the most
egregious example is that residence in
Florida that was purchased by Trump for
something in the neighborhood of 40
million and sold a few years later in a
declining market for about double that
price right purchased by Russian
oligarch so what do you expect how are
you preparing yourself for this sort of
Thursday meeting between rosin
Rosenstein the president right now we
need to be sounding the alarm and we
need to be calling out the Republican
members of Congress who have been all
too timid and at times complicit with
the president's attacks on the rule of
law the speaker and the Senate leader
cannot plausibly claim anymore if they
ever could that the prospect of
interfering with a special counsel is
theoretical yeah it's real and they
can't stop they can't continue to hide
they need to do their jobs we should
take up legislation if they're serious
about protecting the rule of law and the
integrity this investigation that
protects Bob Muller all right
congressman Adam Schiff thank you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
