reporting coming in on the fight over
judge Cavanaugh's nomination and big
question facing Republicans tonight is
it time to cut bait the second accuser
speaking out to The New Yorker today
with sexual misconduct claims from
college Kavanagh denying this claim as
well protests breaking out across
Capitol Hill today you're looking at
that scene activists say Republicans
must stop and change gears but the most
powerful Republican in the Senate still
on offense today a smear campaign pure
and simple
aided and abetted by members of the
United States Senate it's despicable
another orchestrated the last-minute hit
on the nominee senator Orrin Hatch
ripping into what he now calls a quote
Democratic smear campaign Senator
Lindsey Graham saying this over the
weekend this was to be clear before this
second accuser came forward what am I
supposed to do go ahead and ruin this
guy's life based on an accusation unless
there's something more no I'm not gonna
ruin a judge Cavanaugh's life over this
Washington Post reporting the behind the
scenes Kavanaugh growing frustrated
during prep sessions getting peppered
about quote drinking habits and even yes
quote sexual proclivities Cavanagh
declining to even answer some questions
and now a new report coming in this hour
senator Susan Collins a pivotal swing
vote for the Republicans says publicly
that she believes the second accuser
should be afforded the opportunity to
speak to the Senate under oath details
TBD with that breaking news I'm joined
by Lisa Lera political reporter for The
New York Times and Ruth Marcus editorial
page editor at The Washington Post in a
columnist who is warned that Republicans
may ignore the lessons of Anita Hill at
their own peril Ruth as we often do on
these big news nights I begin with this
breaking news Susan Collins is key it
would seem that her view whether it's in
public or private is that the here
Thursday hearing as planned is
insufficient that it should not be a
quote he said she said but must be in
what the Senate reviews he said they
said your view of that breaking story my
view of that breaking story is wow that
is
really significant development from
Senator Collins and I have to say I
think it's the right thing what the
Senate ought to do is to get at the
truth times not of the essence truth is
of the essence and if it would slow down
just a bit
it would serve everybody well including
if he is as guilt-free innocent of all
of these accusations as he says it he is
its judge Cavanaugh let's slow down and
hear from the two women let's hear any
corroborating testimony or lack of
corroborating testimony and give people
a chance to make their own assessment of
what's going on here
so either judge Kavanagh becomes justice
Cavanaugh and he's on the court without
this terrible cloud over his head or we
don't confirm somebody who has done
these things that he's accused of to the
Supreme Court
that doesn't seem really complicated I'm
really glad that Senator Collins seems
to get that point a lot of her
colleagues just seem to be more
concerned about rushing pell-mell to
confirmation and talking about smear
campaigns right and you mentioned the
word rush ELISA there doesn't need to be
a rush if the focus is on the facts and
let me read a little bit of what senator
Collins said for your analysis as well
she said quote I believe the committee
investigators should reach out to miss
Ramirez to question her under oath about
what she's alleging happened I asked if
that should happen Thursday in
conjunction she said no because there
hasn't even been an interview of her yet
and I think that needs to take place
first do you think susan collins a
moderate swing vote who we mentioned
gender a lot around who happens to be a
woman senator is taking a very different
view that the facts are more important
than speed in contrast to what we've
showed tonight from Grassley hatch and
McConnell oh there's no question time is
not of the essence unless you're in
Republican leadership or in the White
House they of course want to push this
nomination through as quickly as
possible this getting a conservative
Supreme Court is the Holy Grail from
McConnell it's as you all know the
culmination of decades of Republican
activism and they're worried that with
the midterms encroaching ever closer
what are we 43 days now
that that dream is slipping away so
they're running out of time to put
someone else in I think in fact they
have run out of time to really put
somebody else in so this is the horse
they have and they're determined to run
with this and get him through the Senate
now statements like Collins are really
important because of course if she
doesn't support him they can't get it
through we know that you know it seems
very likely that not a single Democrat
will vote for Cavanaugh we're not
totally sure about that but that
certainly seems to be the way things are
going so that means that Collins vote is
crucial here and she has a lot of power
and a lot of sway over how this is
handled going forward so roots briefly
and then I want to play you some sound
do you think Collins is doing this
publicly to Telegraph to her Republican
colleagues that they better act up or
her vote may leave oh yes senator
Collins is very good at telegraphing
publicly what she wants and let me give
you my perspective on senator Collins
which is I've been watching her very
closely as of all of us through this
whole process she has not been itching
for a reason at all to vote against
Brett couch you know she has seemed to
me to be inclined from the start to
support him to believe his assurances
when he said that he understood Roe to
be settled law and to kind of take that
to the bank where I wouldn't really put
my money quite as confidently as she
would so for her to say whoa let's slow
down here is very very telling and so
just briefly on this news Ruth
I'm only interrupting you to allow you
more time take it listen for your
response on a different view from
Kellyanne Conway judge Cavanaugh has
been willing to testify publicly to what
he has said privately under oath from
day one he's not calling this a smear
campaign indeed this is starting to feel
like a vast left-wing conspiracy Ruth
well I was around for the best right
wing conspiracy and I think it's really
telling the shift in tone and emphasis
and argument from Kellyanne Conway and
everybody else Kellyanne Conway led the
pack and I thought very smartly at the
start of this
when she talked about how dr. Ford
needed to be heard and her story needed
to be understood and then we could move
on from here we've moved from dr. Ford
should be heard to democratic
orchestrated smear campaign and I think
that's a very telling shift it's a shift
Road that really intensified after we
moved from one accuser to two accusers
and I think it underscores the real
worry that Republicans are feeling right
now right that he may be marching on TV
judge Cavanaugh tonight because they're
worried he may not make it till Thursday
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
