Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
just left the White House with his
future uncertain I think without a doubt
we can report Rosenstein has not been
fired and he is not resigned but I
certainly wouldn't call it just another
day at the office which you could
generally say applies to most people
there are huge questions about his
future following a New York Times report
claiming he talked about possibly using
the 25th amendment to remove President
Trump from office Rosenstein he disputed
the report and the stakes are high
especially when it comes to you know
what the Russian investigation which of
course he oversees okay joining us now
is NBC News justice correspondent Pete
Williams who's been following that story
and with us is NBC News chief White
House correspondent Hallie Jackson
Hallie I mean it has been a head
spinning okay so yeah where are we rod
Rosenstein remains employed for the
moment but has a meeting scheduled yeah
that's the bottom line
rod Rosen Stein the Deputy Attorney
General is still the Deputy Attorney
General and he's going to remain the
Deputy Attorney General until Thursday
at least if not longer that's for all
the turmoil and the craziness over the
last five hours that's the bottom line
at this moment here is what I can tell
you though based on some conversations
that I've had with people close to the
president in the last maybe 90 minutes
or so one person described what is
happening as as chaos this morning at
the White House they used another term
that I cannot repeat here on this era
because it's not appropriate but talked
about how this was disorganized it was
handled in a way that just seemed like
there was no leadership right this idea
that and again these are people who are
familiar with the goings on inside the
West Wing another person close to the
president said listen if Rosen sign
ultimately ends up leaving in any way
before the Special Counsel investigation
wraps up either fired or resigned right
then the burden and this is something
suppose the president then the burden is
on President Trump to make sure that the
Moller investigation wraps up without
interference and I think that this
echoes the line that you have heard
publicly from some presidential allies
like Sean Hannity on Fox who does sort
of talk through TV to the president and
also how sources that we can develop
fire
don't fire them and it seems as though
for now sort of things are status quo
remember the president what happens at
132 Eastern about 45 minutes he goes
back over to the United Nations General
Assembly to deal with major foreign
policy issue a hear him talk about this
the the distinction that Hallie makes
between I mean the idea that let's
assume rod Rosenstein does go away in
some fashion how that happens is
actually important whether he resigns or
is fired the distinction is important
well in theory it's important legally
for this reason if he is a fire that
means possibly likely not for sure that
the president cannot put any old
presidentially appointed
senate-confirmed person in that job but
before we go through the endless loop
road Rosen Stein leaving his house this
morning I want to go back to the endless
loop of the video we showed at the
beginning this yeah this is a big deal
okay stop that guy in the blue suit
yep that's John Kelly that's the White
House chief of staff shaking his hand
before he hangs it before rosin Stein
leaves about the car this is a this is a
very unusual it's you know he comes
outside the White House clearly to be
seen shaking rod Rosen Stein's hand
trying to send the message that rod
Rosenstein left the White House in good
standing still as the Deputy Attorney
General so that is a very big deal that
they're trying to send that sign guess
you just wanted to get some fresh air
White House tea leave reading so here's
the thing so if somebody's there just to
give you a sense there are like four
cameras that are posted up in that
position shooting all day every day that
entrants in and out of the West Wing
right there manned all the time for this
exact reason they had trouble coming in
and out in the summer again just pulling
back the curtain it's really hard cuz
there's leaves on all the trees so it's
kind of a bummer because much more
difficult to see people when Brett
Kavanaugh was in it out of the White
House last week we had that camera shut
up or watching in this net so Pete's
right I don't know that I've seen John
Kelly more than it I can't remember the
last time I've ever seen John Kelly walk
somebody out to their car normally
there's like a entourage of people
that walk-around somebody right Pete I
mean it is a made 40 clearly it seems to
me they wanted to be on camera shake it
put it this way if they didn't want to
be seen shaking his hand there were a
million ways he could have avoided okay
well I can idea most people who leave
the White House after a meeting the
person they met with doesn't walk them
out the car and say goodbye like a scene
out of Downton Abbey John Kelly standing
quote-unquote with rod Rosenstein isn't
necessarily signaling that the president
is we could be in a
every-man-for-himself moment where john
kelly he may have a relationship with
Brad rose and sign for years we keep
saying well if it's know of Francisco
he's a guy who doesn't like Special
Investigations let's just remind
everybody who know Francisco is this is
the guy who is the Solicitor General of
the United States he argues cases for
the United States at the Supreme Court
he's clerked for Antonin Scalia and
interestingly Pete this is a guy who
could take could take rose ensigns job
in the in only in one very important
sense and that's overseeing the Russia
investigation he would be for the
purposes of his special counsel the
acting Attorney General
why because Jeff Sessions recused we
don't have a Deputy Attorney General
if Rosenstein leaves we don't yet have
an associate attorney general confirmed
so Noel Francisco is next up in in line
I said it'd still be somebody else
acting as the Deputy Attorney General
for the Criminal Division but the thing
that matters most to the president is
the Russia investigation
sure of course a couple of other things
that have to be said here so you were
right to say that the the all these
dominoes start to fall Friday when the
New York Times story comes out we now
know that on Saturday rod Rosen Stein
had a conversation with we believe Don
McGann the White House Counsel in which
it was discussed whether rod Rosenstein
should go we don't know who brought it
up we don't know whether Rosenstein said
you know maybe it's time for me to go or
whether Don McGann said maybe it's time
for you to go in any event that
conversation happened Friday a clear
contemplation that Rosen Stein would at
some point leave then this meeting today
we have these two mutually contradictory
stories people at
white house saying he's coming over here
to resign people at the Justice
Department saying he's going over there
and if they want him out they're gonna
have to fire him in and at the end he
ends with the photo op with John Kelly
walking him outside and a statement from
the White House saying he and the
president will talk about this further
on Thursday after their brief phone
conversation today how active is this
reporting right now how dynamic is this
situation very Hallie just left right
here Kelly had to take a phone call and
I know Pete's been honest also it is
remarkably dynamic I know we know is
that for the moment I wouldn't even say
look some people are saying at least rod
Rosen sign is going to be Attorney
General Deputy Attorney General for
Thursday I know anything I don't know
I've not picked up this phone in four
minutes and I don't know what's happened
but if they are meeting on Thursday
remember what else is taking place on
Thursday
maybe the Cavanagh hearing with dr. Ford
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
