let's go there Supreme Court nominee
Brett Cavanaugh issued a stern denial
last night to a second delegation of
sexual misconduct this time as a college
student The New Yorker magazine reports
that Senate Democrats are investigating
a claim from Deborah Ramirez who says
Cavanaugh pulled down his pants and
exposed himself to her during their
freshman year at Yale University in the
last week three sources familiar with
the accusation told NBC about Ramirez
his claim Ramirez
53 is the same age as Cavanaugh and they
both graduated from the University in
1987 she referred to NB NBC to her
lawyer who did not respond to her
request for comment last night's report
says that in her initial conversations
with The New Yorker she was reluctant to
characterize Cavanaugh's role in the
alleged incident with certainty quoting
from the article which includes graphic
details after six days of carefully
assessing her memories and consulting
with her attorney Ramirez says that she
felt confident enough of her
recollections to say that she remembers
Kavanagh had exposed himself at a
drunken dormitory party thrust his penis
into her face and caused her to touch it
without her consent as she pushed him
away she is calling for the FBI to
investigate the New York Times reports
they interviewed several dozen people
over the past week
in an attempt to corroborate Ramirezes
story and could not find no one with
first-hand and could find no one with
first-hand knowledge the White House
distributed Cavanaugh's response quote
this alleged event from 35 years ago did
not happen the people who knew me then
know that this did not happen and have
said so this is a smear
plain and simple Mike Mike Barnicle my
god this has become such an absolute
mess and I'm sure you spoke to friends
this weekend like I spoke to friends
this weekend and
and we always hear about how tribal
everything is what was remarkable was
the the complaints and the criticisms
were a stream of consciousness and one
moment they were attacking Republicans
for accusing this woman of being or
these two women of being liars fabulous
politically motivated the next they were
expressing their concerns about all
those on the other side that have
already convicted Kavanagh as an accused
rapist or as somebody I saw this weekend
so I'm a big a serial sexual predator we
we've got alcohol altered memories over
three decades we do have a serious
allegation serious allegations and it
seems to me that both sides at this
point should want the FBI to come in and
invest in your absolutely
we are not going nobody nobody knows
what happened it needs to be pieced
together even those who are making the
allegations again their memories are
altered over 30 years and alcohol was
involved I believe in both cases that
dish why wouldn't Republicans want the
FBI to investigate if they think their
man's innocent well Joe there is so much
going on in this story that we could
spend the rest of the morning and all
day today and tomorrow talking about it
but the first point is the one that you
just raised given the extraordinary
nature of the circumstances surrounding
this the charges by dr. Ford the charges
as level of New Yorker magazine by mr.
Ramirez I mean it is insane not to pump
the brakes in this process to take a
breed that to have the FBI investigate
the background as well as well as they
can I mean is the years ago this
happened years ago according to both
women but just just to take a look at it
afresh and the other aspect of the story
and there are so many we began this
program this morning talking about Paul
well what has happened within the
Supreme Court story is now a two-track
story it's got to affect certain
congressional candidacies in certain
districts around the country are you for
judge Cavanaugh or not that's got to be
a legitimate question now in many
campaigns and the the other aspect of it
that is truly dangerous truly
threatening is the incredible hyper
partisanship now surrounding the Supreme
Court of the United States these are
lifetime appointments you're supposed to
look at the law as a neutral observer
and decide on the basis of the law not
partisanship and yet partisanship has
always been there in the Supreme Court
but the hyper partisanship today is
truly truly dangerous it really is no on
both sides I I did myself a favor this
weekend and and got off Twitter as much
as much as I could because my god there
are so many on the left and some former
Republicans from the right just making
terrible accusations about judge
Cavanaugh once saying that he's a serial
sexual predator and then on the right we
have some people that you and I know who
have spent the last two weeks non-stop
calling these women liars the
partisanship is so out of control when
none of us really know what happened on
those two nights right Twitter doesn't
really Foster in the environment of
sobriety it kind of goes towards you
going to the to the level 11 so I'm not
I'm not exactly surprised by that
reaction but as we said in the over the
course of this segment this story in The
New Yorker questions itself it's on
several occasions can't put Brett
Kavanaugh in those room notes that the
story is as alleged is something that
the the allegations were made after six
days of interrogating her own memories
with the help of her attorney which is
itself something that's a little
suspicious considering that Ramirez
according to the New York Times told her
friends that she wasn't sure whether
Brett Kavanaugh was there or not people
who are saying that the FBI probably has
a role in this I think are probably
correct they should say that the
shouldn't ask the FBI to beef up these
background investigations the six of
which that Judge Cavanaugh underwent
over the course of his have many
confirmations but the the FBI is not the
super serious police they have a
jurisdiction they can't just investigate
everything because somebody says look my
memories a little foggy here I'd really
like the FBI to step in and help me pit
up that's not how this works
those who are saying that we need more
information here are correct but anybody
who's leaping to conclusions is doing so
I think for politically motivated
reasons we as you said we don't have
enough information to draw a conclusion
about either of these incidents well
what we have are two very serious
accusations and and we have two sides to
a story that we're trying to cover in KC
hunt I think it's not just Twitter it's
it's the media that's in a very serious
position right now and if you watch you
know 24 hour coverage of the story you
may see four or five analysts in a row
being brought on to convict judge
Cavanaugh there's a need for balance
here because the more that you put one
side on or if you have a focus group
with Republican operatives in it you
know pushing the other side of the story
there are allegations here they are not
proven there is the law and there is a
push for an investigation these are the
parts that we need to report but if
we're not careful if the media as a
whole is not careful covering the story
we're feeding into that very negative
narrative that president Trump himself
really drums up in his base and that is
fake news right now all we have are two
serious accusations that are not proven
is that fair am i correct the bar is
always high for the media to get the
story right but in a case like this
where there is so much at stake there
are so many strong emotions and and
frankly the stakes are so incredibly
high you know we all have a duty to the
American people to the viewers to the
readers that we are all serving every
day to make sure that we are getting it
right first and foremost and that also
yes that there is a fairness being
applied across the board I think you
know
speaking when you start to dig into that
Democrats are more concerned about
fairness towards dr. Ford and mizramirez
in this case and Republicans to judge
Cavanaugh and you know I was I was
talking to one source of mine who used
to work on these nominations inside the
the Senate Judiciary Committee and and
he's a Republican but but he was saying
that you know we have become so
polarized and and and tribal as a
country you know we shouldn't what party
you're a member of should not dictate
whether you believe judge Cavanaugh or
you believe dr. Ford we should be able
to listen to what both of them have to
say they are saying opposite things
essentially and think through it and
come to a logical conclusion but that is
not how this is playing out it's playing
out as you are digging in in your tribal
camp on one side or the other and there
are a handful of of people in the middle
that are the ones that really matter and
they are those critical senators that
are gonna have to vote on this bob
Corker Jeff Flake susan collins and lisa
murkowski
and they're all going to have to decide
for themselves I mean we've reached a
point where this is going to be a
historical moment in the context of you
know our society especially in the
context of the United States Senate and
I Jon Meacham said to me last night
you know his test for a lot of these
political figures is okay when people
look at the oil painting on the wall
what do they think of when they see you
and these critical senators have a
decision to make that's of that
magnitude when it comes to judge
Kavanagh and I think just to circle back
to Mike barnacles point there are
legitimate questions about why does he
need to be you know potentially
confirmed by the end of the week which
is what Republicans have been talking
about well in that that is a great
question I it seems to me for
Republicans the deadline obviously would
be before the November elections the
only reason you would try to rush a vote
is because you were afraid more
information was going to be coming out
we saw that with Mitch McConnell last
week saying we're gonna steamroll this
over don't worry about it let's get this
done as quickly as possible and then
this weekend another accusation came out
there are reports that possibly a third
a key
nation according to avenatti a third
accusation is going to come out that
doesn't mean that any of them are
factually accurate we don't know it
could be that there's one accusation
piled on top of another accusation piled
on top of an accusation by the way just
because they're three five ten
accusations does not mean that any of
them are accurate but does mean they
need to be investigated to these women
that are coming forward or coming
forward at a great personal price to
themselves and I personally find it hard
to believe that anyone would put
themselves on the political firing line
unless they unless they believed that
something terrible happened to them
three decades ago but again what I
believe what mica believes what you
believe really doesn't change the facts
I mean the facts will be determined by
an investigation and Mike I have
absolutely no idea why the Republicans
can't do exactly what you just said
pump the brakes investigate this for a
couple of more weeks and if they are
correct and these women are lying
then judge Kavanaugh will be in great
shape and if it's an FBI investigation
these women will be going to jail so the
question is what are Republicans afraid
of if the truth is on their side Joe you
just raised maybe one of the most
critical aspects of this entire story
and it is the human nature aspect so now
we are surrounded with allegations
leveled against judge Kavanaugh from two
women doctor Ford and miss Ramirez given
how we live today given the culture
around us we are all familiar with it
with social media you would have to be
mentally ill to inject yourself into
this argument and to to fabricate or lie
about these things you would have to be
totally mentally ill because you've
ruined a
huge part of your life immediately
you've ruined it
yeah you've ruined your life you've
ruined other people's life you've set
yourself up to be absolutely ripped to
shreds and the national media so it
doesn't really make an awful lot of
sense but again let's get the facts
let's get the facts to the American
people we'll let the senators and the
people that they represent make the
decisions hey Steve Casey was or maybe
it was me I think Mika was talking about
that focus group okay I hate to mention
another Network but that CNN focus group
where you had these five six women
saying uh we're behind judge Cavanaugh
it ended up they were all Republican
operatives another example of how the
press has to do a better job this is
important you can't say oh we just have
six random women here or five or six and
then put them in front of a camera then
they end up being all Republican
operatives or former Republican
candidates well obviously that's not a
great example of journalism at its
finest and and but I do look I think I
think a couple things we've talked about
the question of whether these women are
telling the truth or not we haven't
really talked about the question what is
the right standard by which the Senate
Judiciary Committee should judge
obviously in a criminal situation it's
it's it's beyond a reasonable doubt in a
civil situation it's a preponderance of
the evidence what is the standard here
once we know whatever facts we're going
to know and by the way I think you could
send the FBI out there to investigate
for a month you've had a whole bunch of
investigative reporters out there it's
very possible they're going to come back
and we're gonna be essentially in the
same place we're in with one woman who's
got a very specific remembrance one
woman may be a little less certain a lot
of doubt around the whole situation and
how how are we to judge what is supposed
to be the standard by which we decide
whether this guy should be on the
Supreme Court the only thing I say and
this is not a in my mind disqualifying
but it is interesting as we learn more
about judge Kavanagh is character I was
in college a few years before that and
there were groups of people that sort of
follow different practices and I'm not
saying I was in the Boy Scouts but
there were groups on these campuses that
were into heavy drinking we're into
heavy partying and in some cases I'm not
saying in Cavanaugh's case were into
doing things with women that I think we
would regard as inappropriate by any
standard today and I think some of that
has come fairly clearly out that he was
part of that part of the Yale campus can
we can we and I've done that evidentiary
standard notion there for a minute as
you said there's you know beyond a
reasonable that is an inappropriate
standard for something like this this
isn't a courtroom this is public opinion
and those who have said that the burden
is on this justice to prove himself
incompetent justice are correct but
we're not talking about how you judge
cases here your legal philosophy we're
talking about potentially criminal
allegations and even if we use a
preponderance evidence of evidence
standard which is a pretty low standard
we we don't meet that threshold we don't
have enough people who are corroborating
this story all the named witnesses in
the Ramirez story say that this did not
happen all the named witnesses in the
Ford story cannot corroborate that story
I don't know what the FBI is supposed to
turn up if the press is already doing
this background work and cannot find
anybody to corroborate the stories both
of them well and and at the end of the
day Mikko I guess this really is
something that the Senators are going to
be focusing on what is the standard and
let me tell you unfortunately what the
standard is going to be even before we
see the hearing yeah who presents best
who is the most believable who nods
their head at the appropriate time
who doesn't sort of have nervous
flopsweat who is best on television they
that's that's what this has come down to
it's going to be a gut instinct who do
you believe and of course Mike Barnicle
will remember anybody reading history
the 1960s election we'll remember that
people that were driving in a car
listening to the Nixon Kennedy debate on
the radio thought that Nixon just
absolutely blew John Kennedy away
politically rhetorically those who were
listening who were watching it on TV
thought Kennedy blew Nixon away
visually and the way the way he
presented unfortunately Mika
we're not going to be talking about a
preponderance of the evidence we're not
going to be talking about any standards
that we we carry in courtrooms are in
civil or criminal cases it's going to be
who is the most convincing on television
and that's unfortunately no way to pick
a Supreme Court justice thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
