well I think they've been very
respectful of dr. Ford extremely
respectful I think they're doing the
right thing they want to give her voice
if she wants to take it they're talking
now about timing it's already been
delayed a week that's a long time does
the US Senate we're talking about I can
only say this let her speak but Brett
Kavanaugh is one of the finest people
you'll ever meet
good morning welcome to am joy well the
Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court
confirmation fight got yet another
strange twist overnight
well Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman
Republican Chuck Grassley sent a bizarre
tweet directed toward Kavanaugh reading
quote judge Kavanaugh I just granted
another extension to dr. Ford to decide
if she wants to proceed with the
statement she made last week to testify
to the Senate she should decide so we
can move on I want to hear her I hope
you understand it's not my normal
approach to let her be decisive okay
that's weird is he giving him a heads-up
on that are they like friends
it's a DM the tweet was sent shortly
before midnight and in its own awkward
way granted dr. Christine Blasi Ford the
woman accusing Kavanaugh of sexual
assault both when both were teenagers
one more day to decide if she will
testify before the Senate committee
according to the New York Times dr. Ford
has until 2:30 p.m. today to decide a
deadline completely made up by chairman
Grassley and the Republican majority
another tweet last night Grassley
addressed dr. Ford riding five times now
we have granted extension for dr. Ford
to decide if she wants to proceed with
her desire Slade it's dated one week ago
that she wants to tell Senate her story
dr. Ford if you changed your mind say so
so we can move on I want to hear your
testimony come to us or we to you
joining me now at Lima style of above
the law comm Maya Wiley senior vice
president for social justice at the new
school Paul Butler MSNBC legal analyst
and Georgetown Law School professor
entire Dowdell of the Taradale dell
group okay so I mean I'm trying to go to
the person who might have been doing the
most vigorous nodding and WTF thing
you win that prize by it because WTF
thing as I read it it is we are weak on
what is this deadline it there there
seems to be a continually rolling but
hard deadlines when dr. Blasi board has
to decide whether she's going to testify
is that normal
there is no deadline
it is not normal because what we should
be doing at any time we have a nominee
for the highest court in the land the
court that has the power to tell the
President or Congress yes or no you can
or you can't we need to know everything
we can not just about the educational or
work experience resume for the promotion
that Brett Kavanaugh is writing because
remember that's what we're talking about
yeah an employment step that takes him
from a district court to the Supreme
Court a promotion not a criminal case
that we would also be testing his
veracity his truthfulness right the
likelihood that he will protect the laws
of the land not violate them the only
deadline here is the desire for the
Republicans to ensure that they can ram
through a candidate that will protect
their interests not the interests of the
nation because it's the midterm
elections that are their deadline yeah
okay there's so much worth here okay
Paul so you've got dr. Ford's attorney
first of all they told her she had to
come Monday which seemed really
unreasonable saying you better get here
Monday or you're just not gonna even be
heard then she comes back to them and
says here are the conditions it can't
happen before Thursday her lawyer I
think actually cannot physically be
there before Thursday she wants to work
they want to work to ensure her safety
she's gotten death threats she's been
dots
she's been impersonated on online
Cavanaugh Cavanaugh wants to testify
first and then Ford second she wants
caveat attest my person and she goes
second she does want to be in the same
room with him which makes perfect sense
and she doesn't want any questions from
outside counsel no time limit on her
opening statement a public hearing with
limited cameras and she also wants this
other potential witness mark judge who C
says was in the room
subpoena does this seem reasonable to
you and reasonable request from a
survivor who went through an experience
that was so traumatic that 30 years
later it came up in hurt merits
counseling and she has now agreed in the
interest of the nation
to disclose what happened with the whole
world watching she's making very
reasonable demands the Senate is making
this up as they go along which might be
okay except that they're not interested
in the truth if they wonder the truth
what they would do is have the FBI which
for all its current problems and bad
history remains the world's best law
enforcement agency they would send the
FBI in to find out what happened right
and they've done it before so here let's
go back to that very point 1991 October
8 1991 here is Chuck Grassley of Iowa
and senator Orrin Hatch both of them
have essentially said we got to get this
man Satan now like they've essentially
said it's emergency it's almost an
emergency to seat this Kavanagh
immediately as fast as possible and we
don't need to have the FBI involved is
what Senator Grassley has said the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee here
they are back in 1991
now wins the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee and when the ranking member of
the Judiciary Committee learned of these
allegations
the FBI was immediately ordered to
conduct an investigation
chairman button and the ranking member
Thurmond when they heard about this the
first time they immediately ordered this
at the FBI investigation which was a
very right thing to do it's appropriate
thing to do they did what every other
Chairman and ranking member have done in
the past we're gonna come back more to
the optics on this but I want to come to
you on this tear just because it does
seem that the Republicans are in maybe
they just don't see that that anything
that seems hypocritical will hurt them
maybe they think their base doesn't care
about anything that looks like hypocrisy
or bad optics but they must know that
there are tapes of their past comments
that they used to think that you have to
investigate now
they're saying no you don't how
politically can that be feasible for the
Republicans to say it is perfectly
feasible for them to say for their base
where it is problematic for them is with
independent voters with women who might
be more moderate Republicans who voted
for Democrats in the past for some of
those voters who voted for Obama but
then went and voted for Trump later
those are the people that obviously a
lot of Democrats want to go after and
for those people they're going to be
more open to hearing both sides and to
looking at this from a more objective
perspective particularly independent and
I will say this it is not lost on women
that the judiciary committee is made up
of all men yeah there was also breaking
news this morning that a GOP aide is
been removed from working on the
Judiciary Committee because of sexual
harassment allegations against him and I
should be clear the Judiciary Committee
as all men on the Republican side I want
to make sure I'm very clear about that
and so I think all of these things
together are terrible for the
Republicans going into the midterms I
think what they're thinking is that they
can maximize their base by giving them
giving the base Kavanagh and I think for
that I think what they're not looking at
is that if the turnout is higher because
what Democrats wouldn't Democrats lose
it's when turnout is low right if the
turnout is higher then that means that
all of this had an impact and I think
that's the direction we're moving and I
don't have it here but if my producer
just gets me that we just for the
breaking news this morning right to your
point Tara and I believe in aid I want
to say to Kavanagh has stepped down I
think was Grassley was at a meeting
outside consultant on the Senate
Judiciary a nature just hear me to step
down and I think they stepped down
because they had passed they had passed
issues that were of the same nature they
don't want to be a distraction so we'll
try to get that out so I can read that
to the audience and a little bit but I
want to come back to you Ellie had I bet
I'm because this is probably the stray
that's it's all been very strange
probably the strangest part of this
whole saga has been the decision of
allies of Brett Kavanaugh to defend him
by essentially trying to frame someone
else yes Edie Whelan who is a
I guess longtime conservative judicial
activists that's a guy troll person yes
okay he released a tweet storm and this
was after I want to say it was orrin
hatch I said watch for those tweets
watches watch technically she might be
mixed up
she might be mixed up then he releases
this this tweet where he says to be
clear more heat where he essentially
said another guy did it yes and he put a
picture of the guys house floor plan he
planets so they look alike and that this
other student who's now a most middle
school teacher may have been the one
have you ever seen anything like that
yeah and in like law and order in on the
practice like this was actually a
strategy on the TV show the practice
they called it Plan B it's an old
criminal defense strategy if you've got
a car you always want say oh my client
didn't do it this other guy is not even
in the courtroom did it it's a it's a
really common strategy that they execute
it like Keystone Cops aren't they
stipulating them that they that they
know it happens yes what they want to be
able to say what they what they
desperately want to be able to say is
that Christine Blasi Ford is not lying
but Brett Kavanaugh didn't do it like
that's that's their actual strategy and
the problem with that Whelan is that
it's not like he was acting alone
there's evidence that he was in
consultation with with the PR firm right
I did the Smith boat campaign
there's obviously evidence that hatch
knew it was happening and I refused to
believe that Brett Kavanaugh didn't know
this was happening either because
Cavanaugh is the one who apparently said
to hatch in the first place taken
identity it might be mistaken identity
right completely there there's no way to
believe it sorry just before you read it
I want to make sure I read this final
tweet in his because I believe that
Weyland tried to protect himself many
kind of libel issues by adding to be
clear I have no idea what if anything
did or did not happen in that bedroom at
the top of the stairs I therefore do not
state imply or insinuate that this
person or anyone else committed the
sexual assault that Ford alleges
although I just did a whole tweet store
with his name in his house that's what
you say when you defame somebody and
then don't want to be sued for
defamation and you're trying to fix it
but she's not believable because she
doesn't know what party it was can we
just go back to the facts here yeah so
this to me is an admission
you know question cuz okay if they're if
their argument is you can't believe
doctor for because she doesn't remember
the specific party the date or the
location then how can Brett Kavanaugh
say I wasn't adding that this is my
point
you cannot honestly it if you're Brett
cabin on you're telling the truth what
you say is I don't even know what we're
talking about right IIIi don't I don't I
didn't do anything to her I will say
that but I don't even know where this
happened I don't know what it I need
more information in order to respond and
if you did not do it you want an FBI
investigation information I as a
prosecutor tried cases with sexual
assault abuse you have something in this
case that you never have you have an eye
with it's not he said she said there is
a man who the survivor says was in the
room they don't want the truth the
Senate like we have to understand that
Democrats I think are sometimes falling
for this the Senate Republicans
desperately want to make this he-said
she-said because they are confident that
their base and the 53% of the white
women who already voted for Donald Trump
they are confident that if you put him
versus her in a one-on-one situation
there people will say she's lying
Tarzan more truths than Jane writes Jane
just talking ribs like that's what they
think their base will say and it's not
like that it's not just and it's not
just about mark judge who absolutely
should be subpoena mark judges the
friend that Cavanaugh's entire
credibility should be impeached Kavanagh
has not been truthful about what he
knows about sexual harassment that
happened during his when he was clerking
for his mentor
Alex Kaczynski his answers have been
untruthful about that Kavanagh has not
been truthful about what Yale knows
about him there's this whole story going
on about how Yale Law School professors
at Yale Law School were warning warned a
student there are two judges you should
avoid Alex Kaczynski the confirmed
sexual harasser and Brett Kavanaugh why
should we avoid Brett Kavanaugh
Yale won't say another yell our
professor says that she was feeding
clerks to Cavanaugh who had a certain
look who looked like models his entire
credibility about his own recollection
of sexual harassment is off
that's not he said she said that is an
investigation into the truth that the
Senate Judiciary Committee refuses to do
yeah so and to build off of this we also
know that there are class of schoolmates
of of dr. Ford who say whom everybody
was talking about this right if nothing
happened why were people talking about
this and we want the FBI to go be able
to ask those questions and potentially
find out a lot more information but I
also want to Douglas Ginsburg Douglas
Ginsburg was the person that was up was
nominated by Reagan or after Bork got
Bork
right it's within a matter of days he
was honest about marijuana use it had to
stand had to step down yeah but an a
claim of sexual assault right is not
sufficient and can I tell you what the
why of it we're gonna get more into this
later in the show because we do we this
is you know the topic but people want to
know this is a lifetime potential
appointment right Mitch McConnell
essentially the Values Voters summit
Tara explained why why it doesn't matter
what what what Ellie says or what Maya
says or what Paul says and what's in his
past whether he lied it doesn't matter
to them and this is why here's multiple
call the most consequential decision
I've made in my entire career is
decision not to do something that was to
not fill the vacancy created by the
death of Justice Scalia the single most
consequential thing we can do is these
lifetime appointments in a very near
future
judge Kavanagh will be on the United
States Supreme Court so a he said the
outcome is not in doubt it doesn't
matter what is turned up about this guy
and B he said we own the Supreme Court
only Republicans may nominate if Hillary
Clinton had been elected we would have
held it open for years only we may
nominate to the court and it doesn't
matter who he is as long as he will do
what we want in terms of roe v wade in
terms of
women's liberties we don't care I mean
Mitchell commas pretty much made that
clear and this is how brazen the
Republican Party has become because I
know I say this a lot but I must say it
again the only check that really exists
on both parties is their base and the
Republicans have realized that for their
party there is basically nothing that
they can do that will tether that will
untether the base of that party from the
from supporting it and so that is why
the Republican Party is essentially
unrestrained right and become immoral
and they're either they're untenable
because they want the court they want
we're gonna keep all of you guys because
it's all sticking around they want the
court right the base is like get we
don't care where the plum of our panel
does come back we're keeping everybody
all right the latest twists and turns on
this on the rod Rosen Stein's that saga
that - that's the other big story we had
to decide which of these dude is the
lead with it gets so much news so much
news that streams New York Times
bombshell next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
