now if you've been watching this show
this week this is something that you
might have seen coming this is something
we have been watching percolate all week
since Monday night late on Monday night
the White House put forward this order
from the president announcing that
President Trump had directed a number of
documents related to the Russia
investigation be Declassified and
released to the public and this has been
sort of a running theme in the Russia
investigation since late last year the
President and pro-trump Republicans in
Congress demand demand that the Justice
Department and the FBI hand over
internal law enforcement documents and
communications from the investigation
from this open ongoing investigation
into the president and his campaign with
regard to Russian interference in the
election now these demands that
documents and and communications from
the ongoing investigation be opened up
to the public and handed over these
demands clearly serve a couple of
different purposes
I mean first it's just a PR level at a
level of public impressions making these
demands helps the White House and
pro-trump Republicans create a storyline
particularly in the conservative media
that makes it look like law enforcement
is doing something suspicious here but
the people who are involved in the
Russia investigation have done something
maybe wrong they've definitely done
something that they're trying to hide
otherwise why wouldn't they just hand
over all these documents from their open
investigation right hashtag released the
memo what are they hiding right so it
creates this impression oh they're
hiding something something must be wrong
they must have done something bad that's
one also these demands for law
enforcement sensitive and an
investigative materials from an ongoing
investigation and also just bluntly
plainly on its face when they get this
stuff it provides information to the
president's defense team and to other
witnesses and potential subjects in the
investigation any criminal defendant
would kill for this right if you knew
prosecutors were looking into you
we're poking around in your business
that they might have something on you
you'd kill or die to get a window into
what prosecutors had on you while
they're still building the case against
you that's gold for the president's
defense and for the other legal teams
caught up in this investigation I'm sure
it is very hand
at the White House and congressional
Republicans keep forcing into the public
eye
internal confidential classified
documents from inside that ongoing
investigation but there's one other
level at which those demands function
and you have seen this for months now
it's it's it's not subtle it has been
sort of clear from the beginning that
these demands to the Justice Department
these demands to the FBI they hand over
all these sensitive classified materials
it's been obvious since they started
doing this that part of the aim when
they make those demands is that they're
hoping that law enforcement officials
will say no right this is how we got
impeachment articles drawn up against
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
right this is this is how we got the
first calls from Congress not just from
the White House that that Rosen Stein
should be impeached or fired or
otherwise removed from office that Jeff
Sessions should be fired or impeached or
otherwise removed from office these
demands allow the President and
pro-trump Republicans in Congress to
pound their chests and say look at these
terrible officials at the FBI and the
Justice Department they're not handing
over these documents that we demanded
that's outrageous they must be hiding
something
that's outrageous these officials or
disobeying orders from the president
these officials are disobeying oversight
efforts from approach up Republicans in
Congress these officials must be fired
well what if these documents aren't
getting handed over by these Justice
Department and FBI officials because
these are documents that really
shouldn't be made public what if handing
over those documents would jeopardize
national security would put sources
lives at risk with jeopardize programs
and practices in law enforcement and
intelligence collection that are crucial
to keeping the country safe what if it's
just sensitive material from an active
law enforcement investigation which
would impede that investigation if these
materials were made public law
enforcement officials don't just open
ongoing investigations willy-nilly
there's a reason this stuff is kept
closed and they know that right the idea
of demanding documents that really can't
be handed over the biggest idea there is
to either force
resignations in protest from law
enforcement officials and intelligence
officials who know that they have to
refuse those demands or just as well
maybe those officials don't resign in
protest maybe they stay in their jobs
but they say no they refuse those
demands which then conveniently creates
a pretext for the president to fire
those officials for not following his
orders or for not going along with
oversight demands from his allies in
Congress when the president on Monday
night issued that order from the White
House to declassify all these additional
documents related to the Russia
investigation congressman Adam Schiff
top Democrat on the Intelligence
Committee warned that that last dynamic
was what was going on here he said quote
with respect to some of these materials
I have been previously informed by the
FBI and Justice Department that they
would consider the release of those
materials a redline that must be crossed
because releasing those documents and
materials would compromise sources and
methods John McLaughlin's former CIA
director he's been making the same
argument this week as congressman Schiff
has this was his op-ed today in the
Washington Post about why Trump must not
declassify these materials the last line
of his op-ed is this quote if the
president overrides his professional
staff and insists on unredacted
declassification it would force some
officials sworn to protect sources and
methods of intelligence and law
enforcement it would force some
officials to consider resignation john
mclaughlin was even more blunt about
that that on twitter he said quote this
probably qualifies as the president's
most serious assault on the justice
system yet former CIA director wrong on
so many levels for justice law
enforcement intelligence if he forces it
all the way through it ought to be a
resignation issue for someone in Justice
period and then he ends with this
question maybe Trump's intention right
maybe that's the idea people say no he
gets to fire him or they say no I resign
in protest and he says great I've been
looking forward to replacing you here's
how this has unfolded over the course of
the week right so Monday night Trump
gives this order to declassify all the
stuff on Tuesday the president said
online that he was basically very
excited about these D classifications he
said they would prove that quote really
bad things were happening at the FBI
whoo that was Tuesday then on Wednesday
the president admitted that he hadn't
actually read any of these documents
that he had ordered to be declassified
he told the hill newspaper that even
though he hadn't actually read any of
this stuff the reason he ordered it all
Declassified anyways because he'd heard
from people who he trusts but these are
documents that really should be
declassified the complete list of people
who he heard from who he trusts on this
issue who apparently advised him to
order these dusty classifications that
complete list was entirely made up of
people who host television shows on the
Fox News Channel I kid you not so that's
who's advising him on this matter all
week long we've been waiting for the
stuff to come out internal
communications among FBI and Justice
Department officials related to the
Russia investigation FBI interviews from
the very start of the Russia
investigation portions of the FISA
application for his campaign advisor
Carter page the portions that the
Justice Department has already said
can't be safely unredacted the president
has been insisting regardless just do it
unredacted we've been waiting to see if
that stuff would come out we've been
waiting to see if there would be
resignations in protest or if there
would be refusals from the Justice
Department or the FBI
we've been waiting to see if the
president might use those refusals as a
pretext for firing senior Justice
Department officials who he wants out of
the way anyway well today the president
said never mind the president today
withdrew his demand that all these
documents get Declassified and instead
said he would not push it any more said
he hopes the Inspector General might
look into it according to multiple
reports today the president arrived at
this decision today that he was gonna
cave no longer demand the
declassification of these documents he
arrived at this decision today after
discussions with Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosenstein who personally went to
the White House to explain to the
president the dangerousness of what he
was doing and trying to
these materials public if the point of
this whole declassification showdown as
set up by Fox News hosts the whole point
of it was to force a confrontation with
rod Rosenstein to push rod Rosenstein
into saying no to push him into refusing
the president's demands so the president
could then fire him in response when rod
Rosen Stein personally went to the White
House to talk to the president about
this matter the president appears to
have blinked when it came to that
confrontation Rosenstein apparently told
him no you can't let this stuff out and
the president I think the script they
thought he was gonna follow at Fox News
was that he would then stand up and say
well you were fired instead the
president said oh okay then I will
withdraw my request if the president is
still looking for a pretext to fire rod
Rosen Stein who of course oversees the
robert muller investigation so if he was
gonna fire Rosen Stein he could install
somebody else in that job to try to make
the Moller investigation go away more on
that later if that was the goal here the
declassification gambit does not seem to
have worked the president does not seem
to have had that let's call it
wherewithal to go ahead with that plan
that was this morning and then this
happened hours after the president
climbed down on that declassification
thing
the New York Times decided to do this
quote rod Rosenstein suggested secretly
recording Trump and discussed 25th
amendment quote the Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein suggested last
year that he secretly record President
Trump in the White House to expose the
chaos consuming the administration and
he discussed recruiting cabinet members
to invoke the 25th amendment to remove
mr. Trump from office for being unfit
this article today from Adam Goldman and
Michael Schmitt at the New York Times
has led to exactly what you would expect
a gleeful insistent calls on the right
including from some of the president's
closest advisors at the Fox News Channel
that this is it forget all of the other
efforts we've come up with to try to
fire rod Rosen Stein
these other efforts that failed forget
all the other efforts that failed to
create a pretext to fire rod Rosenstein
you can fire him now mr. president Rosen
Stein oversees the Muller investigation
you want to get rid of the Muller
investigation you got to get rid of rod
Rosenstein here's your way to do it cite
this New York Times piece and fire him
now
Rosen Stein was gonna wire you a wire
himself why are other officials going in
to spy on you in the White House Rosen
Stein was gonna organize the cabinet to
use the 24th amendment to house you from
office
he was since the New York Times posted
this story this afternoon their
reporters are definitely standing by
what they have published but both NBC
News and The Washington Post have
published their own versions of this
story which fundamentally contradict the
whole point of the New York Times
reporting The Times is insisting that
rod Rosenstein seriously proposed
wearing a wire surreptitiously recording
the president inside the White House as
part of a serious plot to prove the
president's incompetence and get him out
of office the time says their sources
for that information are people who were
briefed on the fact that rod Rosen Stein
had said that two other officials and
sources who were briefed on a memo that
another FBI official fired deputy
director Andrew McCabe supposedly wrote
about this proposal from rod Rosenstein
those are their sources NBC News in the
Washington Post however say as of this
afternoon that they each of these are
news organizations has a source that was
actually in the room when rod Rosen
Stein supposedly made this proposal and
their source who again was in the room
says that when this happened
rod Rosen Stein was quite obviously
being sarcastic
that's that NBC headline Rosen Stein
joked about secretly recording Trump
Justice Department officials say and you
can see that the sub headline there
quote which is according to NBC source
the actual quote well what do you want
me to do Andy wear a wire
that's sarcastic quote attributed to rod
Rosen Stein by someone who was in the
room when he said it the New York Times
does not have a source who was in
the room when Rosenstein said it but
nevertheless they have now provided
president Trump this headline and this
fully cooked fully baked New York Times
approved headline inviting the President
to fire rod Rosenstein and thereby and
the Muller investigation on the basis of
what rod Rosen Stein purportedly said he
wanted to do to get the president out of
office never mind the fact that people
in the room say that he was apparently
kidding so I said we are waiting for a
few shoes to drop tonight if the
president does fire rod Rosen Stein
regardless of the pretext he decides to
use it's not exactly clear what would
immediately happen to oversight of the
Moller investigation we'll talk about
that a little bit tonight with some
people who very much understand how that
would work if the president does fire
rod Rosen Stein we do definitely expect
one thing to happen outside the Justice
Department which is that we would expect
nationwide widespread street protests in
very short order much more ahead tonight
stay with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
