breaking news tonight from the New York
Times rod Rosen Stein had reportedly
discussed the possibility of removing
Trump from office and wiretapping him as
we were just discussing Rosen Stein
strongly denies the account but Trump
allies and a former DOJ lawyer in the
Bush administration are saying tonight
this is a mo to fire Rosen Stein we're
seeing a classic Trump narrative about
the so-called deep State out to get him
while he purges top officials they have
this witch hunt going on with people in
the Justice Department that shouldn't be
there they have a witch-hunt against the
President of the United States going on
our Justice Department and our FBI have
to start doing their job and doing it
right and doing it now I put an attorney
general that never took control of the
Justice Department Jeff Sessions I'm
joined by the ranking member of the
Judiciary Committee congressman Jerry
Nadler he has been defending Rosen Stein
in the face of House Republicans calls
for impeachment and warned Trump any
action against Rosenstein would have
severe consequences that was based on
the facts that you knew then does
anything in the New York Times report
which includes the Rosen Stein denial
change your view tonight sir absolutely
not as you know we don't really know it
went on there's one account there's
denials but here's what we do know we
know that deputy general Rosenstein is
the lead person in charge of the
investigation into the president for
colluding with the Russians in trying to
rig an American election we know that
he's in charge supervising a special
counsel Muller we know that he was
instrumental in initiating the
investigation into the president for
obstruction of justice we know the
president has told us he wanted to he
has wanted to get rid of Rosen Stein
essentially to get rid of that
investigation and if he were to move
against Rosen Stein now on any on any
pretext that would certainly be further
evidence of his participation in
obstruction of justice because it would
clearly be designed to interfere with
the independence of and maybe even the
existence of the of these essential
investigations you say that and added to
that is the fact that Donald Trump's own
views of Rosen side have changed
his Lester Holt interview is known for
his comments about his thoughts in
firing James Comey but he also used that
appearance to praise rod Rosen Stein
take a look Monday you met with the
Deputy Attorney General Rob Rosenstein
Rosenstein right did you ask him for a
recommendation rod Rosenstein rather
this time did you ask for
recommendations he made a recommendation
he's highly respected very good guy very
smart guy the Democrats like him the
Republicans like him is your view that
Donald Trump's opinion of rod Rosen
Stein has only changed when he backed up
Bob Miller's investigation absolutely he
has backed up Moiz investigation he has
not constrained it and he has backed it
up and the president has made very clear
he doesn't like that investigation he
calls it a witch-hunt
he's done everything to sabotage it and
if he can get away with it and he and if
he thinks he can get away with it he'll
fire Rosen Stein in order to sabotage
the investigation which is an essential
investigation into the integrity of our
elections the integrity of our
democratic system and into the
president's obstruction of obstruction
of justice this would be more evidence
of an ongoing obstruction of justice and
everything would have to be on the table
in January I want to read to you
breaking news via Twitter a congressman
not to catch you off guard but as you
know things are moving quickly and this
comes from your colleagues on your own
House Judiciary Committee which states
quote I intend to subpoena quote McCabe
memos and all other documents that have
been requested and not provided and
links of course to this New York Times
story as you know and I'm sure you can
walk our audience through it this picks
up on the debate over documentation that
Republicans have sought and which some
of them claim would make the DOJ look
bad or undermine the Independence of the
Russia probe your response to that call
which I say is from the official House
Judiciary Committee account
well the some of the people on the House
Judiciary Committee including
unfortunately the chairman now have been
doing what they can to undermine the
investigation to sabotage it
essentially by calling for and
threatening the impeachment of Rosen
Stein and other people by quoting if
they don't do it by calling for the
unsealing the the public the publication
of secret documents for an ongoing
criminal investigation which is never
done
the president even did that he with he
backed off on that the other day or
today rather because he was told in no
uncertain terms by high-ranking people
and I'm told by the British that this
would result in in in revelation of
sources and this would result in people
being killed and he apparently doesn't
want to face that but some of the people
on the Judiciary Committee on the
Republican side want to do anything to
sabotage this investigation and that's
highly irresponsible and and and and
very dangerous
well that's very interesting getting
your direct response to that and your
view of the New York Times story as more
important for what it doesn't say which
is that there's an effort to get rod
Rosen Stein then for what it does which
is well first he said it doesn't allege
that anything was done right and it is
clearly part of all of this is now just
the pretext to get rid of Rosen Stein at
this sabotaging investigation and that
is I think where the big conversation
going we have up on the screen some of
the conflicting accounts The Times has a
version Rosen Stein denies in our own
reporting as I mentioned earlier in the
show
puts the same alleged comments in a very
different light a congressman Jerry
Nadler thank you so much in the center
of the action for giving us some time
tonight hey I'm already melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our youtube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
