tonight we're awaiting word from lawyers
representing Christine Blasi Ford on
whether or not she will testify before
the Senate Judiciary Committee next week
the Senate Republican chairman of the
committee has set a deadline of 10:00
p.m. tonight for her lawyers to respond
and said the committee will vote on this
confirmation on Monday
if Ford's lawyers do not meet the
deadline or if she decides not to
testify so we could be having a vote
this Monday we're going to get to that
next with a friend of dr. Ford's it was
a fellow student at Holden arm school
but first the other breaking story
tonight is that the fuse has been lit I
believe for a Saturday my massacre for
over a year now president Trump has been
dying for a way to get rid of special
counsel robert mower and now looks like
he may have found that fuse that's
because the only man with ultimate
authority over the mower probe is once
again in Trump's crosshairs the New York
Times reported today that the Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein
suggested last year that he secretly
record president Trump secretly record
him in the White House to expose the
chaos consuming his administration and
he discussed recruiting cabinet members
to invoke the 25th amendment to remove
mr. Trump from office for being unfit
Rosenstein s remarks came in a meeting
with Justice Department and FBI
officials just one week after the
president's firing up James Comey on the
account of what happened is attributed
that people briefed on the meeting as
well as people familiar with the content
of memos documenting Rosa Stein's
comments however other sources familiar
with that conversation tell a different
story to NBC News saying that Rosa
Stein's remarks were not meant seriously
one senior justice official who was in
the room for the meeting said this
statement was sarcastic and was never
discussed with any intention of
recording a conversation with the
president yet the New York Times further
notes that Rosa zine also discussed
recording the president recording the
president the Oval Office on other
occasion at least one other occasion in
a statement early today Rosa Stein
called the report inaccurate factually
incorrect adding that's based on
anonymous sources were obviously biased
against the department and he said this
is Rosa Stein based on my personal
doings
the president there is no basis to
invoke the twenty-fourth amendment
whatever Rosa signs intent to dispute
over what was said or how it was said
it's not likely to deter this president
if he's intent on cleaning house at the
Justice Department dream right now is
the author that story Michael Schmitt of
the New York Times Michael Grissom is a
former US attorney who worked with rosa
Stein enjoy agencies and national
security and justice reporter for NBC
News this is explosive stuff Michael and
I can only believe that if Trump knows
which he already knows now from this
report that roses time was talking about
going to invoke the 25th amendment that
he was talking about wiring himself on
two occasions they're going to see the
president
and they basically taught the president
that he's on his way out well I mean
that's what remains to be seen is the
president going to look at this and say
fake news because he's very concerned
about the 25th amendment this is a big
issue for him he does not like that a
lot of pushback from the White House on
that trying to get us to not write about
that is he's just simply gonna limp lump
all this in with the same basket and say
look this is just a big fake story I
don't care about it or is he gonna have
a larger issue with Rosen Stein we know
the president is already considering
even before the story came out finding
new leadership at the top of the Justice
Department he's gonna wait until after
the midterm elections to put someone
else in this is something he has wanted
to do since the beginning of his
presidency since the Attorney General
Sessions recused himself from the rush
investigation so here we are now the
president maybe has some ammunition
maybe he doesn't
you know remains to be seen we have not
heard from him yet he's added several
public appearances today Julia the
president I rather the adjust department
has sweeping discretion as to what the
prosecutor why wouldn't the president
use this as an opportunity within a
couple of weeks to simply say you know
when I'm getting rid of sessions oh I
don't think anything of I'm going to get
rid of roses Stein I'm gonna find a way
to plummer my way figure out the right
plumbing system that gets meet them to
through the special counsel Robert mower
and quash this damn thing because I
don't want my sons I don't want my son
and
I don't want my daughter prosecuted I
don't want myself prosecuted and the
fastest way to deal with that is get rid
of the team that seems intent on
prosecuting me Julia that's exactly
right Chris and this article could be
handing at exactly the ammunition
ammunition that he would need to carry
out that kind of Saturday night massacre
that you're describing especially when
you put this as in the context of the
fact that his personal lawyer is now
cooperating with Muller's team and Paul
me Anna Ford is former campaign campaign
manager has flipped and is now
cooperating as well there's a lot of
pressure on him right now which is
putting pressure on the Justice
Department but Chris if you look at the
calendar we are just little more than a
month out from 2018 midterms and it's
sort of been an assumption for some time
that the president would wait until
after the 2018 midterms to fire Jeff
Sessions and the potentially rod
Rosenstein as well that he didn't want
this at this time it would be very hard
to get somebody confirmed in this kind
of environment to take that place as we
know the number three right now is in an
acting position so you would have to
fall way down the totem pole to the
Solicitor General you would really have
a Justice Department weekend at the
knees if he decided to fire these people
overnight well the president's son
speaking of him Donald Trump jr. is
already Fanning the flames today after
this report came out tweeting shocked
absolutely shocked of who are they go
where the who are we kidding at this
point no one is shocked that these guys
would do anything in their power to
undermine Donald Trump he's talking
about the Justice Department summon rod
Rosa Stein and late tonight The Daily
Beast reported that current and former
administration officials said they fully
expected President Trump to dismiss
staff inside the Justice Department lest
there was how many people will get the
ax and when exactly it will fall Barry
give us a sense of this because Trump
talks about the the power of the
president under the second article the
article 2 of the Constitution that's
sweeping that he's the chief enforcement
official of the law that he is in charge
of all executive authority in this
country the president that's his
interpretation of things
why wouldn't he act in that accord with
that and just take over this prosecution
well sadly I think this is one more
example that the prison doesn't
understand the Constitution fully the
Justice Department is not his law firm
the Attorney General is not his personal
lawyer and it seems that for months he
when he talks about not having his
Attorney General and how sad it is it's
not his Attorney General it's the it's
the Attorney General that represents the
interests of the United States you know
going back to rod for a second night and
I think this is something people need to
understand I notice in the New York
Times article they made reference to it
you know rod is a career guy he's been
there since 1990 he served as a US
Attorney in Maryland for 12 years he was
appointed by George Bush he was asked to
stay over by President Obama and I can
tell you during the time and I served
with rod as a US attorney I can never
recall him talking about politics at all
but what I can tell you about rod is he
has a very dry sense of humor and when I
read that there was someone who said
that they saw him say this in a
sarcastic way I tend to believe that hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
