tonight I'm obsessed with the number 635
that is how many days the Cleveland
Browns fans had to wait to see their
team win a weight that finally came to
an end last night Baker Mayfield yep 635
day's Cleveland waited for that win that
is nearly 21 months so consider this the
last Browns win came on Christmas Eve
2016 a thrilling 20 to 17 win over the
San Diego Chargers their only win of
that season so how much has changed
since then well for one the Chargers
don't even play in San Diego anymore
they're now the Los Angeles chargers to
Barack Obama was still president
although Donald Trump had been elected
robert muller he was just known to a
handful of us as a former FBI director
most of you probably couldn't have
picked them out of a lineup since the
last time the Cleveland Browns won a
football game we've had three new iPhone
releases six White House communications
directors and one solar eclipse and sure
this was just one win in a 16-game
season but also consider this
philadelphia hosted the Democratic
National Convention in 2016 the
Philadelphia Eagles won the Super Bowl
the next season who hosted the 2016
Republican National Convention you
guessed it
Cleveland perhaps it's the lands turn to
hoist a little Marti trophy hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
