president Trump's pitch to voters now
includes a full-throated embrace of a
loaded phrase increasingly associated
with the alt-right the president rolled
out his new self characterization at
last night's rally in Houston a
globalist is a person that wants the
globe to do well frankly not caring
about our country so much and you know
what we can't have that you know they
have a word it sort of became
old-fashioned it's called a nationalist
and I say really we're not supposed to
use that word you know what I am I'm a
nationalist okay new name for the
Republican Party at the White House
today Trump defended his use of that
term and rejected the notion that it was
code for white nationalists I'm somebody
that loves our country when I say a
nationalist so I'm proud I'm proud of
our country and I am a nationalist it's
a word that hasn't been used too much
some people use it but I'm very proud I
think it should be brought back well
it's the latest on the campaign swing
defined by dubious warnings for the
president over Democrats taking control
of Congress and unfounded claims about a
caravan of Central American migrants
traveling through Mexico accompanied by
Middle East terrorists anyway The
Washington Post reports the overall
strategy Trump advisors and political
operatives said is to paint a portrait
of a chaotic dangerous world with Trump
and Republicans as the panacea
well that was evident last night as
Trump once again blamed democrats
without evidence for that caravan I
think the Democrats had something to do
with it and now they're saying I think
we made a big mistake because people are
seeing how bad it is how pathetic it is
and look that is an assault on our
country that's an assault and we can't
let that happen to our country and it's
not well today at the White House Trump
doubled down on his charge the criminals
and Middle Easterners were among the
caravan saying he'd spoken with the
Border Patrol over the course of the
year over the course of a number of
years
they've intercepted many people from the
Middle East they've intercepted Isis
they've intercepted all sorts of people
they've intercepted a lot of different
people but among the people they've
intercepted very recently are people
from the Middle East they intercept they
could very well be there's no proof of
anything there's no proof of anything
but they could very well be there's no
proof of anything anything anyway
yesterday in the interview with USA
Today President Trump said he'd consider
sending troops to the border nattie I
think this could be a blessing in
disguise because it shows how bad our
laws are the Democrats are responsible
for that from one join now I Susan page
Washington bureau chief for USA Today
who did that interview with the
president Phil Rutger what else bureau
chief for the Washington Post who sized
up this whole thing and Michael Steele
former chair of the Republican Party now
known as the nationalist party I have to
go I'll get to you in a minute because
Trump has renamed you guys anyway let me
go to Phil because you sighs this whole
thing up Trump plays this game a couple
of games he plays with people and they
didn't I think David Brooks and his calm
today said there's what culture is more
important than economics right now there
are people fearful about cultural change
about people coming in and large numbers
okay that's fair you can argue about
better wrong create you know we're
either generous or not or we're scared
whatever your reaction but that doesn't
work because I don't think people feel
good about saying they're anti Hispanic
so he he spices it up by saying oh these
got a Middle Eastern terrorists in the
group it's not that you're prejudiced
it's your rightfully concerned about
terrorism and then he says
blessing in disguise nobody thinks this
is a blessing I mean this is sort of
help the Democrats nobody thinks this
clearly this helps Trump and he's
actually like the people that like him
think it's a surprise they love this
baby yeah so this is a based election
he's basically not his based in White
House officials tell us that they don't
think it's enough for the president to
tout his accomplishments that he has to
do more he has to create fear anxiety
speak to grievances that people have in
order to to turn them out and get every
last voter who voted for him in 2016 to
come out in two weeks to vote for
Republicans to keep their House and
Senate Majority is there any ways
anyway because you serve in the world
occasionally is there any way to tell
what's a more of a prod a poke to get
somebody out to vote fear or angry about
changing culture in this country people
coming in from the south and large
numbers across the border or worries
about health care and Social Security
Medicare well it's good they both grab
people in different ways culturally and
economically yeah well I think they go
to different parties agendas right the
Democrats are talking overwhelmingly
about healthcare in these competitive
House races and elsewhere a majority of
the Democratic ads in competitive house
races are talking about health care but
the big issue for Republican voters is
immigration it's like two Americas
motivated by two different things but if
you look at the people in the middle
swing voters I think health care is a
bigger issue for them that immigration
this election may be a maybe a testament
well during the 19th or the 2016 a
campaign is then candidate Donald Trump
if he considered himself a nationalist
let's let's do it Risa is response then
let's talk about the race your
nationalist maybe don't know when you
say things like either we have a company
country or we don't I get it if he'll be
on immigration jobs going overseas best
jobs to China worst jobs to illegal
immigrants I get it all trade deals you
don't like you don't like it stupid Wars
know how to fight well there is today
yeah Trump defended using call himself a
nationalist saying we need to put our
country first but he's somewhat
contradicted that message when asked
about Saudi Arabia's involvement in the
killing of journalist Jamal Khashoggi
Trump once again expressed reluctance to
alienate Saudi interests look Saudi
Arabia's been a really great ally
they've been one of the biggest
investors may be the biggest investor in
our country they are doing hundreds of
billions of dollars worth of investments
and you know so many jobs if what
happened happened and if the facts check
out it's something that's very bad at
the same time they have been a very good
ally of ours you know Michael I don't
have you agree with on this but I
thought one of the appeal and two things
Trump said to campaign I liked one
infrastructure he's gonna actually
rebuild this country which he hasn't
done a lick to do and secondly stupid
wars and there he is over
coley in bed with the Saudis with this
crazy claptrap deal that Jared's cooked
up with the Saudis underwriting his
so-called Middle East plan against the
Iranians the very thing we said we're he
was going to get us out of the area is
in bed with these guys your thoughts
because that that plays more towards his
his interests with the Saudis not his
interests personal interests Saudis yes
I mean this this you know this that
tweet to me still sticks in my head
because the difference of the a word
changes the meaning of his level of
engagement they don't have any interests
on the ground but they certainly have
relationships that where interests are
touched and and you know acceded to and
and that's clearly the case with Jared
and the dealings there they can't get
their money's from the from the Russians
anymore because the Russians have been
exposed in terms of what they do with
the trumps they're now have a new line a
new relationship which has developed
with the Saudis and that's what this is
all of so that's why the Saudis always
stayed the Trump Hotel hotel because
they don't stay there anymore so this
idea of nationalism that the president
touches on I'm just curious as to when
did he find this new nationalism it
doesn't apply to the party and it's in
his historic connotation is not a good
one it is not oh I care so much about my
country no it has connotations that go
far beyond that National Socialism right
and we knows that maybe yeah and the
fact of the matter is Republicans are
sitting idly by because they know in the
Congressional halls in the senatorial
halls that they're on a bubble right now
and the only thing that can keep that
bubble from completely popping both
House and Senate is the man who sitting
there calling their party a nationalist
party hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
