they forward is serious about saying she
will show up and testify on Thursday
given Republicans give it that time
well I think they ought to I mean the
the conditionality is a little odd to
the extent that all these demands are
being put around her appearance when
yeah one would assume she's had some
time to prepare for this what the
president said I think that as you
pointed out was unconscionable that a 15
year old some 36 years ago would make a
phone call to the FBI if she felt that
she had been sexually abused that that
is beyond the pale with respect to her
appearing I it is curious about the way
in which they're negotiating this one
would hope that that she would just come
forward and make her case and deliver it
in as clear and concise a manner as
possible and get these facts on the
table sooner rather than later I do
agree though however she should be
entitled to an investigation need to
he'll got that much she deserves to say
just what do you make of the conditions
that Ford has put forth especially
around saying let's well now she's
saying we don't need an investigation
but she wants more time she wants more
voices you know earlier this morning
Susan Dell / CEO said she wants to ask
Judge Cavanaugh a question if he was a
sitting judge and the case before him
was simply he said she said wouldn't he
want more right well and obviously it's
only he said she said because the
Republicans are choosing to make it so
there is actually a witness to this
alleged sexual assault which honestly
never happens in sexual assault cases we
used to have books laws on the books in
America that were designed to make it
really difficult for women to credibly
claim rape that required a third party
witness in order to bring it forward and
that's how rare the early witness mark
judge is on Brett Cavanaugh's side just
so what rationale would the Judiciary
Committee have for now imagine imagine
being able to clear one of your best
friends names because you were in the
room when something terrible happened
and saying you know what I don't feel
like doing it I think I choose not to
write which raises more questions so
it's a very curious move and the I mean
the only logical explanation is that you
don't want to say it under oath because
it's a really big deal if you lie under
oath I realize
hi the steaks are we are in DEFCON five
and there's tons of people talking I
would say more off camera than on trying
to get their head around these were
teenagers what exactly happened if we
start to say this is that is the bar are
we going to get people to want to run
for office going forward but it is
serious and we do need to hear them out
what if Brett Kavanaugh and now it's too
late what if he had taken an approach
where he said I absolutely have no
recollection of this I don't believe
nothing but it was high school it was a
long time ago we drank so much I don't
deny that this was this person's
experience but I'm so horribly sorry and
unlike a lot of me two accusers he
doesn't have a trail of she said she
said she said she said how would that
have been received and ma'am has been
received better but the problem is that
you have even the president United
States sort of coming to his defense in
the way that he is which makes it
substantially worse and the fact that
you have essentially the entire
Republican Congress at a point where
they're trying to rush this through
because they don't believe her they
don't want to hear her side and there's
AB is a bullying aspect to this I just
think about what what doctor what doctor
for design the most basic of activities
that a constituent can do she went to
her member of the school to actually get
help and support back in July back in
July did not want her name to come
forward and now she's put in a position
where her life will change forever and
it's this is substantial and it's it's
saddening that Republicans don't take
this seriously because after Anita Hill
in 1991 in the in the year of the woman
in 1992 of since then we've doubled the
number of women in the house and in the
Senate so this is it's not enough but to
their peril the Republicans are treating
this like it like she's garbage and it's
so I mean when I'm looking at video
footage from Anita Hill and from this
week I'm not even sure I'm like wait a
minute the same guys the same speech I
mean it's just white men on the
Republican side there is no change
between 1991 and 2018 if you look at the
Republican side of the Senate Judiciary
Committee it was all white men then it
is all white men now
some of them are exactly the same people
then Ron what do you make of this some
Republicans are saying let's have
outside counsel ask the questions or
earlier this week I know Hugh Hewitt had
the suggestion maybe some staffers who
are females should for me it is it is
more insulting to say I'm sorry a grown
civil man can't possibly ask in a
respectful way questions I mean are his
knuckles dragging so loudly on the floor
that he can't conduct himself that's
insulting to him and to her to them
after her the try some truth to it I
mean we've seen this in the past that
some of the elder senators cannot relate
to an environment which we find
ourselves now and don't necessarily have
any sympathy or empathy for this
experiment on to that exact point it's
not about the facts then if they can't
relate to the current environment it
begs the question should these people be
the elected leaders representing our
nation well no absolutely I mean you
know and they've lost touch and you've
seen this in so many different hearings
and that has nothing to do with age no
no it doesn't but they've also listened
when you've seen the technology hearings
you seen Facebook and these others in
front of these individuals maybe that
and they don't they're not up to speed
right they don't know how technology
works in some Charles Grassley said you
know he doesn't remember thing anything
necessarily from 35 years ago he was 50
he was a Fed well one would hope that he
would have some memory of that it's also
what's also disturbing is that they seem
to be rallying around just the judge
Cavanaugh and saying he was young as a
teenager was 17 it doesn't matter let's
just forgive him because that's just
what boys do yet it was Donald Trump who
called for the death penalty for
teenagers different things you know it
doesn't have to be boys will be boys
they were 17 but he could say I made a
really big mistake when I was 17 but you
don't need your hand over a girl's mouth
boy behavior does not include turning
the music up to drown out the screams of
the woman you're trying to force
yourself on that is not normal
seventeen-year-old behavior absolutely
or has to be so hot we're talking about
Supreme Court justices those have to be
the people of the highest integrity in
the country if you think about what the
supreme court has been responsible for
school integration marriage equality I
mean the biggest and best of America
goes through the Supreme Court if you
tried to rape somebody even at 17 we
don't know that tried to rape right but
we do not know that if you did what he
has been accused of doing even at 17
that demonstrates a fundamental lack of
integrity that youth is required to be
on the Supreme Court to that exact point
it's such a great point but I think
because I think people are missing this
isn't just any position right that's
right right only nine people sit on the
Supreme Court for the rest of their
lives so while you could debate Diddy of
his hand over her mouth what she scooped
up a book is there not another judge
with the principle debatable
was it a scream was it a shout was it a
squeak come on now well absolutely and
then and again I mean I think from from
not that I could speak from a woman's
perspective but this particular vote
this particular Supreme Court justice
should he be passed will be deciding
potentially the fate of women's
reproductive rights and a whole host of
other issues that are germane to women
and so it literally about his judgment
we got to bring Kristen Welker back in
Kristen we got some more news huh we
have a lot more news staff in the past
few minutes President Trump tweeting yet
again you guys probably haven't had a
chance to look at this because you've
been engaged in that fascinating
conversation this is what President
Trump is saying right now Steph quote I
have no doubt that if the attack on dr.
Ford was as bad as she says charges
would have been immediately filed with
local law enforcement authorities by
either her or her loving parents I ask
that she bring those filings forward so
that we can learn date time and place so
again not directly attacking dr. Ford
but certainly walking right up to the
line of saying why has it taken her so
long to speak out something that a
number of women particularly those who
have
survived attacks of sexual assault or
sexual harassment would say just doesn't
make sense given their experiences now
this comes on a person can we just for
one second ahead again I cannot believe
that we're categorizing that as he's
going up to the line have things become
so perverse that that hasn't gone over
the line
remember the tan suit that got attacked
well I think I think what is critical
and you're right we are dealing in
distinctions here stuff you're
absolutely right
typically we see this president when he
attacks someone go after them by name
attack them vigorously dig in he hasn't
done that yet and I can tell you that
his top advisor Kellyanne Conway one of
the first people I really spoke with
about this entire issue has been among
the first here at the White House to say
dr. Ford deserves to be heard she
stopped she spoke with reporters just a
few moments ago and she was asked why
the president largely on the whole
frankly up until last night and into
today has refrained from being combative
when it comes to dr. fort take a listen
to what she had to say there's no reason
to attack her the president is defending
his nomination ideas ran for
as a man of character integrity
impeccable academic and judicial
qualifications and judicial temperament
same as as a day
and by the way this man's day job is he
has served a dozen years on the second
highest court in the land
respectfully
the president is defending his nominee
but that nominee needs to defend him
are on categorically and unequivocally
allegation says he was not
that's why we kept testimony in our
great democracy we utilize the air out
of them landlord knocking the president
doesn't need anybody to tell him it's
like following your lead do the one
house first is it at first that she
deserves to be heard and sitting at home
for her not being
and wish and she should be accommodated
but she is
these conditions I mean I just heard a
whole long
thanks for saying them
you're growing it seems the
by the minute I'm glad her attorneys
decided to get off TV and talk to the
Senate Judiciary Committee that's a
and prepare her for her testimony but
the truth is the truth
willing to say it yesterday today
tomorrow this
next week but any delay beyond that by
Senators who already said they were
going to vote against him
politicizing the process and it's not
fair to judge capital and it's probably
not fair to dr. poore it's also not fair
to get so little coverage of all that
vile language and death threats that are
being thrown at judge Cavanaugh's family
his young daughters his wife don't
deserve that he doesn't deserve that
none of you deserve it so we really need
to turn down the temperature that way
we're not attacking her a lot of people
are tackling him in his fan
thank you and you hurt our colleague
there Jeff Bennett asking some of those
questions staff she was also pressed on
whether the White House would commit to
that Thursday timeline she was
non-committal but again so much of the
focus right now particularly in the wake
of that tweet I just read has been
focused on the president's rhetoric as
it relates to this issue Steph Ronson
and I can't tell you how angry the
president's statement that was just read
by Kristen makes me I had actually could
tell you are exploding in your seat I
have in my circle of friends some
experiences where daughters have been
not sexually abused necessarily but it
appropriately handled if you will the
parents never found out until they were
foreign informed by a third party loving
parents that expression is horrid it has
nothing to do with whether or not a
child who has just at an experience like
this would in fact confide in her loving
parents and then take it to the
authorities that happens rarely if ever
that exact point you can take Christine
Ford out of this but when you think
about the President of the United States
and his judgment right to simply say
blankly get on it why haven't we heard
from you all of us know victims of any
sort of sexual assault oftentimes are
ashamed embarrassed don't want to get in
trouble I mean all of it and and you
wonder how could the President of the
United States of America not be aware of
this remember what the president said
about his own accusers the 17 women who
accused president Trump of similar
behavior he said that they were too
unattractive for him to have assaulted
so this man's bar is very very low when
it comes to dealing with women coming
forward about allegations of sexual
assault but this is how he's going to
lose Republican women actually you know
what then if we watch if you're watching
and it is just about aesthetics and mr.
Trump wants to weigh in on Karen
McDougal I think everyone would say
she's a pure hottie she lying well
there's a point that you made earlier
that really stands out to me we talked
about the Supreme Court think about
Brown versus Board red that was a
unanimous decision because the Justice
felt it was in the national interest for
us to get this right
when you listen to the president make
the remarks that he's making and the way
in which he's trying to push this
nomination through it that's what's
ginning up all of the all of all of the
what we're seeing in the electorate
right now because the fear is that this
Court is gonna be so divided you're not
gonna get anything right and we're gonna
lose rights as a result okay here's what
I have on my mind we keep talking about
what poor Brett Cavanaugh's daughters
are feeling and I do feel sad for them
them too yes this hearing so even if
they didn't go to the hearings I feel
horribly sad for dr. Ford's family but
if you're Brett Kavanaugh and you are
truly innocent what does the midterms
mean to you why not say scan the school
do an FBI investigation clear my name I
wasn't there my name my honor my legacy
is far more important than an election I
get it that's absolutely important to
Chuck Grassley to people who voted for
President Trump but this is Brett
Kavanaugh his family his name is honor
why wouldn't you want that well we do
have this hype Ennis is obvious a hyper
partisan split in which the other side
is just absolutely wrong no matter what
it doesn't matter what the terms are
doesn't matter what the conditions are
doesn't matter what the circle itical
sides but that's all that's right okay
Brett Kavanaugh is a human before he's a
Republican Kristine forward it is a
human politics for them should be
secondary and it seems to be for her but
Brett Cavanaugh has has come up as a
Republican operative he has been in
these Republican circles he's very
conservative circles since he graduated
college and she has a Democrat the
Democratic strategist advising her now
yes I mean the idea that she would go
into this without anybody who had been
involved in a hearing telling her what
to expect seems like a bridge too far to
ask a private citizen to do but I think
that you know Kavanagh Cavanaugh is is
supposed to be what conservatives get
for putting up with Trump the Supreme
Court is supposed and this is what they
get like they're they're willing to put
up with the tweets they're willing to
put up with the embarrassment the lack
of knowledge about issues foreign and
domestic but what they get in return
is hyper conservative partisan judges on
the Supreme Court that was the whole
case during the campaign so the idea
that they might lose one well that just
undercuts their whole reason for
embarrassing the country and continuing
to support somebody who's as terrible as
he is remember Clarence Thomas actually
did defend himself quite a bit during
those hearings remember he talked about
high-tech lynching if Brett Kavanaugh is
the Republican operative that we think
he is and that you say is he's probably
saying look if the Republicans have my
back I don't need to say anything and
quite frankly the Republicans and the
president righted states seem to have
his back at all cause I get it even if
they push him through would you want to
have us now does not your name your
family for the rest of your life
especially if you're absolutely is we
have a president who's living with
multiple clouds over his name but he
it's actually different president Trump
has said clouds over his name for his
entire career it doesn't bother him
bread Cavanaugh truly has a stellar
record why would he want this well it's
impossible to answer I mean you can't
it's hard to get in the mind of someone
who's in this position right and say he
may think that for the good of the
country his positions on these matters
that are gonna come before him supersede
anything else including his own past and
so that that might be among sure yeah
saying don't stick it through hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
