I believe he's someone you know one
veteran who served four tours in five
years as a Marine officer in Iraq has
raised millions for this effort with his
serve America PAC
Democratic congressman Seth Moulton of
Massachusetts joins us now also with a
with us one of those Iraq war veterans
running for office retired Air Force
intelligence officer and Democratic
candidate for US Congress in the 23rd
district of the state of Texas Gina
Ortiz Jones good to have you both on you
know I look very quickly in Congress
it's just because somebody served in war
doesn't necessarily make them a
Republican or a Democrat a liberal or a
conservative but it still is so
important to have people who have served
to understand what the men and women in
the Armed Forces are going through every
day it's one of our most sacred
responsibilities as a Congress to decide
when we send our young men and women to
war but more than that people who have
had to put their lives on the line for
the country they know a little bit about
public service they know a little bit
about doing the right thing for the
country rather than your political
bosses in Washington or you know your
party it does and I you know I think
beyond insight for what our veterans
experience in the field and then back at
home Gina I wonder what else you think
you bring to the table that can help fix
Washington if you think it's broken well
actually just to the last point that was
discussed I mean we also know the
importance of our partners and our
allies whether I was in Iraq or advising
on operations on Africa or even working
on the economic and national security
issues when I was at the office of the
US Trade Representative all of that is
shaped by our partners and our allies
just given the kind of world that we
live in so I also you know having worked
in national security for 14 years I know
you don't have true national security if
you don't have a strong middle class
right so that's why yes I'm the veteran
running in this race but I'm talking
about health care I'm talking about you
know the need for a strong immigration
policy and the need for it to invest in
what really makes us strong which is
smart and healthy too so you're running
against will Hurd who has his he's a
good deal of experience as well so what
differentiates you and how is the
campaign go
I think it's going where very well I
think what differentiates us is the
lessons that we took from our time
serving our country so look when I sit
on the hip see I'm not gonna be writing
op-eds I'm gonna be writing legislation
that keeps us safe right
you can't frankly be outraged on CNN and
complicit in Congress that is not how
this works right so by the way we'll
need to get will at some point we've
offered many times Alex tells me my ear
so Seth we start reading stories six
seven years ago of young men and women
in Iraq in the midst of the most chaotic
times 2005 2006 2007 where you would
have somebody who's 24 25 years old put
in charge of running a town mm-hmm get
the water running get the sewer up get
the lights back on and and it was at the
time the articles were suggesting that
these officers would be hot commodities
in business because they know it's like
the army you do more before you know 7
o'clock or whatever the expression is
well they're 25 26 27 year olds it did
more before they turned 30 then a lot of
people doing their entire life done you
actually learn leadership it's a
tremendous responsibility to have to
take on the safety and well-being of a
platoon of young men and women or the
entire Iraqi town and that level of
leadership experience I don't think you
get almost anywhere else and in the
world then when you're put in a position
like that in Iraq and or Afghanistan and
when the other thing that veterans bring
is its political courage and people ask
me all the time they say Seth why is why
is Connor so stupid how can Congress not
believe in climate change or whatever
and my observation after being there for
three years is that most of my
colleagues are pretty smart a few
exceptions but most of really pretty
smart what's lacking in Washington is an
intelligence it's courage it's just the
willingness to do what's right to stay
what's right to take the tough vote even
if you know it might hurt your
reelection problem Donny that's a you
know we
everybody's ringing John McCain and
talking about how courageous he was he
was courageous by Washington standards
but here's a man who was a prisoner of
war and remained a prisoner war even
though he's being beaten and tortured
and brutalized but he made that choice
because he wasn't going to go home
without his band of brothers and you get
to Washington suddenly those quote
courageous decisions don't seem that
tough to me yeah what I want to get a
two-shot of these two personal thank you
both you guys for your service this is a
road map for the Democrats
you put a veteran the one thing
Democrats have always been missing
cannabis is that struggle strength
testosterone I didn't mean that in the
gender point-of-view and once you put a
veteran imagine any veterans standing on
stage opposite Donald Trump just right
off the bat just that just the level of
courage lever of character would add so
much I it was interesting a couple of
few weeks ago with with the DNC guys I
said just run veterans because you can't
argue with you guys the level of courage
the level of character you everything
else is BS once versus what you guys
have done that's it everything else
falls from that so in the just from a
pure branding point of view just give me
a veteran every single time so this
person thank you this this is the
formula for Democrats so now we're gonna
try something different we gonna go to
Susan and she's gonna ask you a question
I think it's okay for Democrats so am I
amazing relationships with veterans
across the and kind of leading to my
question I vote I've heard many times
when you're when you're serving you
don't look to your left and right and
wonder who's a Republican independent a
liberal a conservative but there is
politics involved when you are elected
to Congress and I guess I kind of put
this question to both of you is how do
you see Democratic leadership in the
house right now
and is it something that needs to change
with the changing of elected officials
like yourself or what you hope today I
think it is time for a new generation of
leadership not just in Washington in
general not just kicking the Republicans
out and bringing some balance back but
in our own party and we've got to look
ourselves in the mirror as Democrats and
recognize that we're in the worst
electoral position we've been since the
1920s and the the White House the house
the Senate in in state legislatures
across the country where we lost a
thousand seats in the last decade and
you can't just say oh we have the worst
president ever and not look at us and
say okay then why aren't we winning
right so we've got to make some changes
too and this new generation of leaders a
lot of veterans will have other great
public servants who are running in these
races and a more extraordinary number of
women who are standing up to run on the
Democratic side you're not seeing that
in a Republican side but democratic
women who are standing up to run it's
it's incredible and the best recruiter
that we have out there is our
commander-in-chief
so Gina to close beyond Trump what's the
message of your campaign well look who's
going to fight for you who who has your
best interest at heart right whether
it's on health care the person I'm
running against is voted eight times
against that right we are pushing
forward to make sure that everybody has
the opportunity same opportunities that
allowed me to go from reduced lunch to
executive office of the president that
only happened because my community our
country invested in me right and that
acquires a strong middle class and so
the question about party leadership
doesn't come up what does come up is are
you going to fight for me because my kid
has a pre-existing condition and my
answer is yes my opponent cannot say the
same so what we're really quick
questions so you had quite an episode up
in your district last week week before a
lot of houses spontaneously combusting
blowing up a lot of fires
I understand Columbia Gas did a terrible
job didn't respond and if it weren't for
the first responders that more people
could have died out there they are
what's happening with this gas company
and are you getting to the bottom of
that we're gonna say we're gonna hold
them accountable they're our first
priority is to just get people gap back
in their homes and a lot of people right
now are back in their homes what are
looking at not having any gas service no
hot water no heat for the next five or
six weeks but after that we're gonna
hold this company responsible it took
them five hours to even announce there
was a problem let alone tell people to
evacuate or how to be safe in their
homes when you go to asleep at night in
Afghanistan if you're a terrorist you
recognize okay my house might blow it
blow up you shouldn't go to sleep in
North Andover or Lawrence Massachusetts
and be worried about your house blowing
up before the morning our keep us posted
Congressman Seth Moulton and Gina Ortiz
Jones thank you so much good luck to you
coming on our invitation to will Hurd
goes out continues continue coming up
just this month
Robert Muller has secured cooperation
from Paul Manafort he's signaled that
he's obtained all the information he
needs from Michael Flynn and now there's
reporting that Muller has met with
Michael Cohen several times we'll delve
into the special council's latest move
straight ahead on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
