because it's a lot of control Lisa Alera
let's bring in your reporting on your
podcast on politics because you're
looking at private school prep school
behavior back in the day you interviewed
Catherine Kendall one of the first
accusers against Harvey Weinstein the
difference there was that there were
many more accusers after right right of
course
and so first tell us about your
reporting there well you know we just
want to get a sense of what this might
be like for dr. Blasi we know that she's
you know not really speaking to the
press but we decided to talk to other
people who had gone through you know
putting their story out there and then
seeing how it becomes you know
transformed in the media and look what
we found is this is it's important to
remember that there is a person at the
center of all this and you know whether
she testifies or not but I think
particularly if she testifies at the end
of this her life will be unrecognizable
in some ways it is already right we know
she has had death threats she's moved
out of her house so there is some
whether it's true or not she is taking
some serious risk with her own personal
life and the other thing we've written
about that I think is really important
to remember is this is an issue that has
proved to be deeply resonant with women
across the country particularly Women
Voters you know I sort of figured when
this started happening that everyone
would go to their corners Republicans
would stand by Cavanaugh Democrats would
be against him and we've seen that but
the place where we haven't seen that is
with women voters and in the polling and
anecdotally we've seen that they have
turned against Cavanaugh and pretty
notable numbers you saw that in the
embassy poll anecdotally I was timed to
a campaign manager of a Democratic House
challenger and she the campaign manager
was telling me that they had an influx
of volunteers a lot of older woman who
women who remembered what happened to
Anita Hill have been coming into the
office stopping in saying how can I help
that's of course you know one anecdote
from one part of the country but the
polling backs that up that this is
something that you know depending how it
all plays out really could have
implications in the midterm elections so
I'll turn the question back in to your
first statement and that was that you're
you know in your reporting you're saying
there's a
at the center of this and you're looking
at how her life has changed and I guess
some might say well there's also another
person at the center of this and that's
Brett Kavanaugh whose life has
completely changed him by the way I'm
not a fan I don't think you should be
confirmed but isn't isn't that something
well that will you'll be looking at that
next of course that's a really important
point too and there was some reporting
in the journal yesterday I believe that
his wife has gotten death threats and
it's obviously had a major
transformational yeah
impact on it on his life as well so but
at the end of this you know he may end
up being a Supreme Court justice I think
there are also questions about how this
will change the institution kind of
jumping back to what you know you guys
were talking about the beginning of the
show it's hard to see he's under his
approval ratings are now under water you
Democrats talking about investigating
him even if he's confirmed if they win
control of Congress so I think this
could have a real impact on how and
maybe already has how Americans view the
Supreme Court and that feels like a
pretty concerning thing for our
democracy as well so I think that's an
important I would think that's an
important thing for the members of
Congress to keep in mind that what the
impact of this politicization could have
on sort of how Americans view the court
and how you know Americans look at their
democracy exactly and following up on
that great point Jeremy who who would
want to put their family through
something like this in the future
again looking at Burnside so you could
talk about dr. Ford and her children you
talked about Brett Kavanaugh and his
children there's so many people I talked
to when I say you need to get involved
we need good people involved and they
say well you know I'd be fine with it
but I'm not gonna put my spouse and I'm
not going to put my kids right the same
thing with me I I don't really after 25
years I just don't care what anybody
says about me right but you know what it
impacts my kids
yeah well look there there are two
people at the center of this absolutely
but there's also one overriding
important thing that I think we need to
address here and that's that this is a
lifetime appointment that will shift the
ideological balance of the Supreme Court
for a generation and that's why you are
seeing a zero-sum no-holds-barred
campaign from both sides to either stop
this or Ram this through I mean let's
not be naive about that the future of
roe v wade is at stake this so you won't
fine but look that's let me that's a
terrible thing to say in this respect
presumably mrs. Ford is telling the
truth or she's not she's not doing this
because the future of the Supreme Court
is at stake which is which is fierce and
legitimate from the personal charge
needs to be fully aired and people need
to have the chance to make the
accusation and defend themselves against
the excision and I very much object to
the notion of conflating these things
together really wrong I say there's a
huge amount of stake here the future of
judicial decisions is here and therefore
I'm not no I'm not saying that at all
but I'm saying like let's throw this
argument in a vacuum it is important
because Susan that explains why so many
people that I've known for so long are
saying things that are so deeply
offensive on Twitter right now calling
dr. Ford a fabulous when basically the
people calling her a lawyer have no idea
no other friends on the left of mine who
are basically going on cable TV and
convicting Brett Kavanaugh of being an
attempted rapist I mean on both sides to
Jeremy's point it doesn't explain
perhaps what dr. Ford is doing but it
does explain the ugliness of the
ugliness that's not it doesn't privately
in fact we have to rise above this in
show more grace or as Lisa said good
people are going to stop coming forward
and offering their service to America up
to that point let's not forget this
woman wanted to stay anonymous
she was outed by Democrats because of
the very reason of bigger issues in play
because of the way the you know having a
conservative on the Supreme Court
this was their hell married now and then
everything else happened there's no if
you can't like you know that's part of
the essential part of this argument this
was a political play and it all is and
now this woman is caught up with it
judge Kavanagh is and I horrendous who
would want to go into this business how
are we gonna have good justice is how
are we going to have good elected
official right if they're gonna be
treated this way I know you want to talk
Donny but like we said yesterday this is
the second time in 25 years that a woman
who is has who feels like she's been
sexually harassed believe she's been
sexually harassed has evidence that she
wants to bring forward that she's been
sexually harassed has gone to the
Democratic Judiciary Committee has said
I want to remain anonymous and then they
outed her well would any of us whether
we believed her or not would and at the
time more people believe Clarence Thomas
I think in some polls I've seen would
any of us have wanted to carry the
burden that Anita Hill has carried over
the past quarter-century no is anybody
going to want to carry the burden that
dr. Ford is going to carry for the next
quarter century because they were outed
for political reasons what she whether
she was out and know she okay let's give
Emma grant let me finish this is
important for Americans statement to
remember
they held the hearings they didn't turn
out the way the Democrats wanted them to
turn out Cavanaugh was cruising towards
a vote where he was going to be on the
court and
that point they then outed her and
Dianne Feinstein said I have a letter I
can't tell you who it's from but it is
so serious against Brett Kavanaugh we're
taking it to the FBI but where we are
now correct where we are now and this is
still a function of the president that
we elected is a moment in time where
women this is not about doctor for it
anymore this is I believe every woman
there are not fair any woman and it's
pretty much every woman that has ever
been felt that they have been victimized
that they have been preyed upon this is
a moment in time where fair or unfair to
judge Kavanagh whether this happened or
not this is a moment in time where women
are just I believe saying enough is it
not just totally attractive can you say
I'm just see what's going on we could be
you could be associating their grits
right now in Florida go ahead well I was
it's bigger than this it's it's a
reaction to who we elected two years ago
it's a reaction which started with
Harvey Weinstein it is a reaction Amal
so there are unfair that's fine as a
matter of analysis I guess but I also
think the whole point of a decent
democracy is a society that has the rule
of law and due process so you take each
case on its own and try to deal with it
fair unfortunately now does not exist in
a vacuum it just does it
I mean well but you know living it the
whole point of the way
trials work is to try to say wait a
second there could be many many cases
where things have happened that are
terrible and maybe we should change the
laws and change our mores but in this
case we need to treat these individuals
fairly yeah we certainly do FLE Peter
Baker a truck did he that was Peter
so and so Peter it is important to
remember to and I you know I haven't
said it to this point but you know I
supported Roberts I supported Alito I
supported Gorsuch Cavanaugh makes me
very uncomfortable I think he was
selected because of a 2009 a 2009
article that he wrote Law Review article
that he wrote where he said the
president can't be indicted so I'm very
concerned about the expansive powers he
wants to give give presidents and of
course that doesn't matter to anybody
except for the fact that I'm now going
to say elections do have consequences
and if Donald Trump gets elected
president the United States in the
electoral college then he gets to pick
who's on the court right well this is
one of the reasons why this is so
polarized because the Democrats agree
with you except that they're thinking
about Merrick garland right they're
thinking about 2016 when President Obama
who was a duly elected president did not
get to put his choice on the Supreme
Court so there's a lot of raw feelings
out there when you hear the Republicans
saying the Democrats are being unfair
how can they I've used the process this
way you hear Democrats saying wait a
second what about Merrick garland and
you're going to continue having this
kind of like you know
back in baggage it's going to hold you
know it's getting hot this process now
going forward years and remember one
thing the Anita Hill Clarence Thomas
process which we keep referring to
understandably took place a year before
the 1992 elections this is happening in
the teeth of the campaign just six weeks
away we haven't seen a situation like
this this is going to change in a in a
possibly dramatic way the conversation
that we're having as people go to the
polls early voting starts I think today
or at least in the next couple of days
you're gonna see people voting on this
issue it could change the way people
start to think about things so both
parties see a lot at stake both parties
are very nervous and nobody can say for
sure how this is going to affect that
but it's it's a big big thing oh and and
Lisa what a great point by Peter
Democrats had a duly elected president
who put my gosh a really qualified
centrist jurist forward to be on the
Supreme Court Republicans held up the
nomination for 293 days and I can tell
you as a conservative the baggage of the
Bork nomination and Ted Kennedy's speech
that stayed with me for 20 years I can't
even imagine how long the
the trial I'll call it a travesty that
Merrick garland had you in dear how long
that will stay with Democrats right and
I think that's a really excellent point
and what you see is this slow unraveling
of norms right how we handle Supreme
Court nominations how we talk about the
other party that sort of gotten us to
this point where the parties feel like
it's no prisoners everything that's at
stake and of course as Jeremy point out
earlier there is a lot at stake this
could change the Cantus would change the
composition of the court for a long time
but it still feels like there should be
a way to conduct this process with some
respect for the other side and that's
really not what we're seeing and
honestly I'm not sure that's what voters
want it feels like voters are also in a
take-no-prisoners kind of mood and it's
hard to imagine that this does anything
but provides like a really big shot of
adrenaline into the electorate the
question is how does it shake out does
it shake out more in Democrats favor or
more in the Republicans favor and right
now from what we're seeing in the grand
tip very early polling it looks like
along with a lot of other things that
we're seeing out there in the political
landscape this may be favoring of
Democrats so and by the way both running
for yep politically where Bill Kristol
is running for president maybe he will
bring us together not me but anyone
other than Trump would help I would say
that looking for once we get past this
2020 a similar campaign between a non
Trump Republican or a reasonable
Democrat that would be something to help
from your lips
valera thank you thank you guys
conversation still I had on Morning Joe
Lisa what's the podcast again just for
people that want to listen in it's a
newsletter you should sign up at New
York Times comm slush on politics and we
are daily in the morning you'll get all
the coverage from the times and
afternoon will help you make sense of it
newsletter sorry I said I'm a detail I'm
a detail guy you know so good newsletter
so right stuff that sounds great thank
you Lisa still ahead on Morning Joe from
serving in the military to serving on
Capitol Hill more and more veterans are
eyeing politics what it means for
actually getting things done in
Washington plus some in the DOJ aren't
fans of the president declassifying
sensitive information American allies
apparently aren't fans of it either why
the president is now fielding calls from
overseas on the issue that's next on
Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
