we've been having a crackling
conversation crackling sir let me ask
you speaking of crackling conversation
was it your father who said I think I
just read this as past week was it your
father was said to Robert Bork when he
said that civilization is coming to the
end he said yes it is but it's gonna
take a little while so we can different
versions of the story what is the story
its accelerated since my father harder
to enjoy it as we get closer to the
final oh it's the final it's not
accelerating this is going to be a
revival a restoration what did your
father say what have you been drinking
this morning I actually agree with you
honestly I'm not as pessimistic as
everyone else I told the students a
couple of nights ago when the you know
Mika was course doing her locusts
descending from the heavens eating flesh
off the bones above me
yeah I said I said at the end of this
this is going to be a confirmation of
the greatness of Madisonian democracy
that institutions will hold the people
will stand up at the right time and we
will look back and say check we passed
the test federal judges check the Intel
community Shack and we'll go down the
list and yes I even believe Congress
check the American voters check they
stood up and they did their duty when
they saw constitutional norms being
breached that's my father and many many
generations as a Jewish was just saying
or just a general saying for your lips
to God's ears you know as he used to say
when someone would say something wishful
but he didn't quite think was
necessarily happen but I agree with that
I've been fairly optimistic the
institutions have held even it's very
unpleasant if you want to call it that
current moment in terms of tavataan and
these accusations and I mean if we can
have is it beyond hope that we could
have a dignified hearing next week in
which they each testify are are asked
questions in a respectful way in which
people can look into whatever other
evidence there is and in which we
actually people can make a reasonable
judgment about whether there is or isn't
reason to to disqualify kavanah on these
grounds I don't know I think you could
imagine the decent situation now this is
shaking your head okay I mean I guess
why is it that hard to get that I mean
look why is it that hard I mean really
why is it we get why can't people sit
down and talk to each other and I'm not
even being not being pollyannish about
this this is how it worked for 215 years
this is how it worked
Peter Baker with not only Ronald Reagan
and Tip O'Neill but even with Bill
Clinton and Newt Gingrich in the middle
of impeachment both men now tells
stories of hell they continued to talk
about the issues that I don't the day of
impeachment they were on the phone
talking about how they were gonna handle
the growing threat i'm saddam hussein
well that's absolutely right and that's
and i do think that we go through swings
in history i'm came to your point that
this is a country that has survived many
many worse moments than this as
polarized as it is as divisive as it is
as ugly as it sometimes fuels these days
you know we've been through worse and i
and i do think that we got to step back
take a breath every once in a while and
recognize that democracy is a messy
thing but there's a reason why it's
messy I mean they designed the system
this way they designed a system that's
built for conflict and that conflict is
at least in theory supposed to take us
in the right direction over the longer
term maybe not in every single day so
we'll see now I'm not so sure about next
week the founders did say also that even
though the institutions and they have
worked well and the institutions are
supposed to check and balance each other
an ambition will counteract ambition you
do need some basic standards of virtue
and responsibility in the citizenry and
in our elected officials particularly
when you read the Federalist paper right
people think it's all kind of
hard-headed checks and balances is also
an appeal to we need to have Senators
Congressmen presidents who are a cut
above the average you have a sense of
responsibility right and that is a
question that may be lacking right now
so Peter Baker that does take is the
next week what's it looking like
well you know look it's good maybe we'll
have a decorous event next week and
it'll be thoughtful and and and
eye-opening and an illuminating or maybe
it'll be a complete mess the truth is
that we seem to be heading toward some
sort of a hearing in which we're gonna
put these allegations on center stage
apparently dr. Blasi Ford wants the
Senators to be questioning her not a
special counsel not a lawyer who might
be more judicious in the way the
questioning is approached that that
seemed to suggest a hearing the Hat
could be a free-for-all it could be a
very political or partisan event we'll
see it's not in anybody's interest I
think on the Republican or the
Democratic side for it to to kind of get
out of hand
and so then each side is faced with this
incredibly difficult challenge about how
to approach this question how to ask
questions that actually probe for truth
without looking like you're putting a
victim on trial or being unfair to judge
Kavanaugh not an easy thing somebody get
it just by the way let's just talk about
that request that you have senators
asking you questions and not a legal
counsel who is designed to be put in
that place to be more respectful so the
Republican senators don't look at that
seems like an awfully strange request
from from Ford's attorneys I'm it's hard
to have an honest conversation about
this it really is well I have an honest
conversation I think that it seems to me
that if you are searching for the truth
you would want the best person available
to conduct that interview or to conduct
the questioning and I think I mean given
what we've seen it could be kind of
traumatizing to be interviewed by ten
men about something like this so it does
seem on the face of it strange but this
story you know it's changing everyday
it's very I'm very concerned about
making any comments about any
development because then two more things
come out go ahead I mention Felisa
because what you said about having a
hard conversation it's got
to the point that you can't say and I'll
get killed for saying it you know
there's a possibility that this didn't
happen sometimes you have to go there
and if we're talking about a triumph
we're talking about how someone's going
to be questioned that up presumes that
something may or may not have happened
and we have to look at it at two sides
because we we don't have that civilized
conversation we know it won't be a
civilized hearing because we're so
separated right now but if we can't even
allow for the possibility right I mean
frankly what's the point well and and
speaking about the lack of civility
we've been talking about this on the
show for a couple of days it is so
deeply offensive to have Democrats
getting on the air and calling Cavanagh
and alleged a basically an attempted
rapist that's that is offensive you know
what does this offensive Republicans
coming on the air saying that this woman
is crazy even at the age of Trump a
conservative a guy who's been an
institution of sorts and in Washington
DC we all know I'm I don't even say his
name because what he did was so
disgusting he actually pulled some poor
guy out of a yearbook went on Zillow
went on Google Maps and tried to
basically use this poor guy who's a
private citizen like bedding to the
Lions Den so it wasn't Kavanagh it was
this classmate of Cavanaugh's that
that's where the party had to be if you
look at google maps and where everybody
I mean that's about I mean that's low
even the age of Trump Susan let me ask a
question though and just it's put you in
a tough spot with knowing what she's
going through what give me an argument
why she would come forward if it wasn't
true what to put herself the thing that
I keep coming back to where I believe
it's true I can't see another reason
because I can't see somebody that would
put themselves through that that six
years ago would have notes from a
therapy session would say I want more
investigation so give me the argument of
why it wouldn't
I'm not going to do that because you're
asking me to say that she's not telling
the truth which if I give you the
argument we don't know what happened we
don't know if we can't allow for the
possibility that it didn't happen
I cannot automatically close the door
and say it did so I won't go there on
that conversation but the point is is
that like you said this happened you
know we know notes from 12 years ago
there's a lot of things we also just
don't know where or when there's a lot
of things to discuss that you can only
have if you're willing to be honest and
civil about it and based on that
question Donny you're basically saying
to me well we shouldn't have a hearing
right no such thing as due process due
process and they say he's an alleged
rapist and it's just like the
Republicans that I see on Twitter people
that that have been my friends who were
it's so deeply offensive mica that they
automatically assume the dr. Ford is
lying well automatically I'm she's under
Beulah it automatically assumed that
there must be something wrong with her I
don't know I wonder if they should be
calling for an FBI investigation at this
point because it's a lot of control Lisa
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
