Brett Kavanaugh is one of the finest
human beings you will ever have the
privilege of knowing or meeting so we
gotta let it play out but I want to tell
you he is a fine fine person so we'll
let it play out and I think everything's
going to be just fine this is a high
quality person Republicans are banking
on having a Supreme Court justice seated
on the bench by the midterms but new
poll numbers indicate this GOP push to
confirm judge Brett Kavanaugh may come
at a high political cost with us tonight
our national political correspondent
Steve Kornacki at the board with the
numbers hey Steve hey Brian yeah and
let's take it through a brand-new NBC
Wall Street Journal poll this just out a
couple hours ago
really our first readout on how the
public is absorbing the accusation as
this as it has emerged so here it is new
poll 34% now say they support the
confirmation of Breck have enough 38%
opposed he's underwater he's upside down
plurality opposition now there's a
couple different ways to look at this
first of all the question is what's the
trajectory here we have been polling
this you know for a while now before the
accusation even emerged so compare it to
our last poll this is last month before
anybody had heard anything about all of
the the accusation here you see look the
uptick is 9 points in opposition from 29
last month to 38 now support is
basically stable 33 34 so that's a
concerning sign obviously if you're
supporting Cavanaugh if you're trying to
get him through here the other on the
positive side I guess if you want to put
it that way for a Cavanaugh supporter
still a lot who are undecided here it is
plurality opposition but it's 38% you
got to look at this maybe from the
perspective of a senator say like a
susan collins from maine if she was
inclined to vote yes and she's looking
at the poll this is not a pretty poll to
look at but you're not looking at
overwhelming opposition is that maybe
what it would take to dislodge her from
it from that standpoint here put this in
historical context yes what you're
looking at here is this is now the most
polarizing nomination we have seen so
in the post Bork era a 3438 it's the
only one you see err Gorsuch Kagan
Sotomayor Alito Roberts you can even go
back to Ginsburg and Breyer in the 90s
those were not controversial all of
these had more support than opposition
this one different notice though by the
way Clarence Thomas in 1991 not only
overwhelming support almost everybody
had an opinion on Clarence Thomas add
those two numbers together 90% had an
opinion that's because those Hill Thomas
hearings they were on live TV everybody
in the country it seemed watched them if
that's where this ends up that undecided
number is probably going to come way
down as the entire country makes up its
mind Brian hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
