today a Maryland woman killed three
people with a handgun one of 262 mass
shootings this year that often don't
even make the national news tonight
we're taking a look at gun violence with
a special guest grammy winner will i am
who's reviewing a new song tomorrow that
questions america's love for guns and
calls out washington's inaction as
embarrassing this is a new chapter in
the so-called culture wars because many
conservatives have argued against gun
control by saying maybe the real problem
is the violent influence of culture or
music or hollywood I mean it has lyrics
we cannot play on television at least
not this time of day they are a failure
to denounce these lyrics for the damage
they do to poor and minority families
they call you it's part of the solution
here is how they would part of the
problem no they're part of the problem
they're making movies on a weekly basis
with guns that they want to ban comment
said quote this was just last year damn
this was somebody who fought for my
freedom hmm this is a cop killer a woman
who is a member of the Black Liberation
Army and this guy thinks she's great it
is true that American entertainment is
violent by the age of 18 the average
American miner has seen 40,000 murders
and 200,000 acts of violence on TV and
that certainly includes some rap
especially gangster rappers of the 90s
who brandished weapons and glorified
violence but amidst these recent mass
shootings it is clear the culture is
changing take musician and actor Donald
Glover who used a recent music video to
suggest that some Americans literally
treat guns with more care than they
treat black lives and bodies that music
video went viral with over three hundred
and ninety million views this year you
know President Obama was once criticized
by Fox News for welcoming the rapper
common to the White House but his 2015
song put the gun down shows people
impacted by gun violence and just as
musical protest in the Vietnam era
worked to change
politics the music we're seeing here
spills into the activism at that giant
March for lives rally in Washington this
year between the students and the
politicians there were also performances
by that same musician I mentioned common
as well as the rapper vic mensa the
controversial kanye west was in the
crowd lending his brand to pushing gun
control and now take a look at this new
video from will.i.am which begins with a
warning
that the images are difficult because
they depict a difficult reality for
today's students living with the risk of
school shootings
our leaders are marason I think kids on
the everybody they say the reason is to
protect the freedom but we don't believe
and as music joins politics it's also
worth noting will.i.am has been engaged
in policy and politics for a long time
performing with his band at the National
DNC conventions and long before Obama
was president he adapted the words from
an Obama speech into that viral video
yes we can which follows the tradition
of other artists who've made songs from
political speeches like Bob Marley
repurposing words from hailey Selassie I
and when Obama did become president his
inaugural committee asked will.i.am to
perform at that 2009 inauguration so I'm
pleased to welcome will.i.am to the beat
thanks for being here huh
pleasure to be here honored what are you
saying about guns and life in American
schools today in this new song you know
as parents adults we have to do a better
job setting a course in a path for our
youth because they will be our leaders
tomorrow and why are we the only nation
that has kids learning to eventually
lead the nation in harm's way like why
can't we have you know procedures put in
place to where our kids are safe in a
learning place I don't understand how we
can separate kids from their parents
that are trying to come in the country
but we can't find the logic to separate
guns from kids in our country to keep
them safe and the way you write the song
and the way you shot the video it makes
us get afraid and also I think empathize
with the students on the other end of
the gun whereas as I mentioned in the
lead a lot of movies and some old rap
tried to get us to think about being the
person holding the gun why was that for
you an important shift that's not just
rap music I just want to clarify it's
movies do a very good job promoting gun
holding and gun shooting gun learning
but and movies have a far greater reach
than hip hop music and but what you
don't see is kids going to school in
France and killing students what you
don't see is kids
and the UK or Spain like so why are we
the only country yeah rap music
promotes you know violence but as it
promoting it or is it just showing you
the reality of the neighborhoods which
we had to build on your point these
movies and this music is available in
France exactly it's available in France
it's payable in China what you don't see
is kids going to school and China
shooting up kids the gun control debate
in this country is fierce I remember
that when I worked as an aide in the
Congress I know I see it now in the news
media and schools seem to be the place
where it gets the most fierce because
when you see innocent children getting
gunned down it is probably the hardest
thing to make sense of to stomach as a
human being even though the other stuffs
also messed up and yet it's also the
place where we see some of the strictest
response from those who are defending
widespread access to guns so let me play
for you
a president Trump on this point a take a
look the coach had a firearm in his
locker when he ran at this guy that
coach was very brave saved a lot of
lives I suspect but if he had a firearm
he wouldn't had a run he would have shot
and that would have been the end of it
so you see the president there saying oh
if there were more guns in schools that
would help that is the part where I
travel around the world and I'm in the
public eye and in other countries and
when other you know media outlets look
it asked me that question that's an
embarrassing thing to answer because
it's not logical a horrendous thing
happened in New York and because of that
we all go to the airport and damn there
take off all of our clothes but we
cannot protect the kids in school I
don't understand how we could respond to
one thing where people died but we can't
respond to the other where people died
since less deaths and then you're also
taking on immigration I want to play
this so so viewers can get a sense of it
because you have two music videos with
the same song and here's part of the
other video which focuses on the migrant
child separation policies at the US
border
darkness help chains are heartless you
just love to guide you I'll be there
regardless situation global we're like
in a rowboat two men up the river so I
can deliver message to the masses
no matter your status nothing's ever
over we believe in second chances
many people die in cover miss a lion
stand far right and please no more
violence
- together we United
is your hope when you do this the people
empathize more or that they actually
change maybe their mind about u.s.
immigration policy it's the the people
that are coming in that they're having
strict laws around who enters the
country and who doesn't to the point
where they're separating kids from their
parents are not the ones that are
shooting up students in schools so if we
can do the most inhumane thing by
separating the child from their parents
and I know we don't practice that
anymore but we did if we can do that why
can't we take guns from kids I don't
understand the logic my mind and my
heart my heart cares and love so much
that the truth and the reality that
we're living with as a country and the
leadership that we have to keep us safe
- we could perform and outperform
tomorrow do not seem like the path
toward success right hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
