welcome back we've been reporting on how
Brett Kavanaugh is accuser dr. Ford is
ready to testify next week but also
hoping for an FBI probe Donald Trump of
course has a long history of defending
accused men in the circumstance and
shifting the blame to what are sometimes
the alleged victims he totally denies it
he says it didn't happen and you know
you have to listen to him also I think
it's a very very sad thing and I think
it's very unfair to a good person if you
look at her my book and according to a
lot of pictures grabbing at me and he's
acting as an intermediary and trying to
block her from doing that but I've
always found him to be just a very very
good person and by the way a very very
talented person look what he's done so I
feel very badly to say obviously tough
time for him he did a very good job when
he was in the White House and we hope he
has a wonderful career and hopefully he
will have a great career ahead of him he
says he's innocent and I think you have
to remember that turn now to a woman who
did publicly accuse Donald Trump of
sexual misconduct Rachel crook she is a
Democratic candidate now for the Ohio
State Legislature and I'm joined by
Fordham University's Christina Greer
Rachel what is going through your mind
as you see this unfold hi Ari thanks for
having me on again I think it's terrible
once again that we see ourselves in this
position where a man who's accused of
sexual assault might take on a very big
and powerful role in our government and
does Donald Trump staying out of it this
time mean anything to you and I don't
mean to imply he's doing nothing but I
mean publicly he is not necessarily
attacking a dr. Ford at this juncture
the way he attacked people in your
position right I think you know I'll
never pretend to know what's going on in
Donald Trump's mind but I imagine he's
getting some good advice that he should
be softening his rhetoric with the
upcoming elections and this being the
year of the woman and you know that
there's going to be we're just tired of
having misogynistic men in politics so
I'm sure he's shying away from it in
that regard but I don't want to hold him
up on any kind of pedestal
he still has mocked the me2 movement
questioning why women come forward years
later I think we really have to question
his motives at all times
sure well Christina some evidence of of
that theory of what Rachel identifies as
potentially just a political motive here
comes in a GOP consultant and a new
report saying look we're living in a
woke era Supreme Court nominations have
become TV shows if your cast is mostly
older white Republican male senators you
have issues in that environment that of
course coming from someone who is
actually rooting for Republicans mm-hmm
well I mean I think a few things need to
be stated one the bravery and courage of
Rachel and so many other women who have
come forward it's part of a larger
narrative with this president and the
entire administration so Republicans are
obviously thinking about November if we
look at normal patterns presidents tend
to lose quite a few seats in their first
midterm election Americans tend to
prefer divided government they don't
like gridlock a deadlock but we do like
divided government I do think that going
back to something that just said in the
last segment you know people
independence especially are now feeling
really uneasy just because of some of
the shenanigans and bad behavior overall
from this president and the
administration so when you have
Republicans really thinking about not
just this nomination but how it could
actually have really long-term effects
not just for the November election but
for many months and years to come
they're really I think stuck in a unique
possibly difficult position because
they're only with the president as long
as the president can deliver what they
want and what they want is a Supreme
Court justice another one but this one
is proving to be a little more
problematic because women are not
allowing this pattern of sexual abuse to
continue in our highest levels of office
well you're talking about that interplay
between whatever political benefits
Donald Trump gives it to the
conservative base and what he also can
take away Rachel I want to play for you
first and then Cristina a hard-hitting
new ad that really puts this on these
Republican senators and says what will
you sit by and allow take a look
now her alleged attacker Brett Kavanaugh
is nominated for the Supreme Court and
it's up to the Senate to allow for an
independent investigation when 15-year
old Christine tried to scream her
attacker
covered her mouth so no one could hear
her will Cory Gardner
listen to her now Rachel and Cristina do
those ads work do you think in this
midterm environment I absolutely hope
that they do I mean we are tired of this
happening with Republicans being
complicit in all of this behavior from
Donald Trump and other you know the
people that he was endorsing Roy Moore I
just think we want systems that are fair
we want people with integrity
that's absolutely why I'm running for
office I want to show that you can be in
politics and be of good character and
actually work for people and not your
own self-interest so I do hope that ads
like that are working to to point that
out I agree I think the ad will be
effective I mean all right listen
Trump's base is you know they're pretty
solid you know there are a few people
who are peeling off but unfortunately
you know the rhetoric that he is using
is working on them and they think that
they're going to get some sort of tax
cuts in the next few months which they
won't be receiving where that ad will be
effective is to motivate Democrats to
come out in a midterm election
oftentimes Democrats underperform in
midterm elections and that's how we
oftentimes get Statehouse takeovers we
get more Republican governors during
these time periods because Democrats
just have not been participatory largely
because Democrats are the party that has
marginalized communities more
working-class people and much younger
people this time I think people are very
inspired and outraged and enraged and
will actually take November seriously
even if they didn't possibly print
participate in the primary they're now
seeing their elections actually have
major consequences for not just the
presidency but for the Senate and now
we're seeing how your elections can
affect the judiciary even though it's an
appointed office but for life and that
connects you used rage just talking
earlier in the show about anger
and and basically part of what we're
talking about is what goes above and
beyond the normal turnout to move people
and if people are righteously angry so
we saw that and some of the arrests on
the hill today this is a live issue that
people are basically very clearly
putting their emotions on the line for
what they think is right and wrong hey
I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
