welcome back we are live in Tampa
Florida but you can take the boy out of
Miami but you can't take the Miami out
of the boy so I'm joined now by another
politician who's coming to me from Miami
it's Florida Republican Congressman
Carlos Cabrera who's running in one of
the most competitive House races in the
country is actually coming from Key West
probably the coolest part of his
district I'm sure that he's not
complaining today congressman thanks for
coming up Chuck welcome to your home
state of Florida and greetings from the
southernmost congressional district in
the Continental 40s very good let me ask
you this the president the leader the
leader of the Republican Party said this
the other day that it's closing message
for Republicans as Cavanaugh the caravan
law-and-order and common sense is that
your closing message well South Florida
is a unique place and you were actually
just talking about an issue that is
critical down here and that's the
environment and it brings together
Republicans and Democrats in this state
Everglades restoration is one of the
greatest restoration projects I think
the biggest restoration project in the
history of the world Republicans and
Democrats have put that together we're
trying to solve the water problems here
so I would say that this year's election
is a lot more localized in states like
Florida and in districts like mine so
here we want to fix the environment
we're happy that the economy is growing
a lot of people who had been excluded
from the economic recovery are now
experiencing it for the first time
that's good but we also have big
challenges like immigration and others
that need to get solved let me ask you
in the on the on this issue with red
tide and the algae bloom which not
everybody thinks they're totally
unrelated I had the the boat captain I
talked to wish that it would be declared
a disaster area officially that that
maybe that would provide more immediate
resources now is that something that
governor Scott should be asking the feds
right now in his current job it should
be something that's seriously considered
Todd my family and I we've been
vacationing in Sarasota
during the summer since I was a baby and
I was out there this year and it was
really sad and if you go out there it
does look like a disaster now things
have gotten a little better so I don't
want to discourage anyone who might be
planning a trip to the state of Florida
but certainly it was a very difficult
situation the blue-green algae is no
question a result of discharges from
Lake Okeechobee Everglades restoration
is the answer to that we're working on
it we just got the water resources
you're gonna be the ones that includes
trained distri pay for this should they
be the ones paying for this Chuck a lot
of people have been farming it around
Lake Okeechobee for many decades and I
think all of us have a role in fixing
this and certainly we need to get
Everglades restoration done as I was
telling you Water Resources Development
Act was just signed into law brand-new a
reservoir is going to be built for more
water storage that's going to help
alleviate some of these discharges into
the ocean and for us here in South
Florida and the keys it's going to help
us get the freshwater we need to keep
Florida Bay healthy what we're doing in
the Everglades is trying to recreate
God's work human beings over the course
of the last few hundred years went in
there and cut up the Everglades built
levees and dams and roads and now we
need to undo that it's gonna take some
time but it is fundamental for the
future of our state let me ask you a
larger political question you know Adam
Smith the Tampa Bay Times he and I were
talking earlier today about how maybe we
have politics all wrong now and that it
is much harder to be a moderate and
today in today's political climate that
that that voters not necessarily look
for the person that can best represent
the middle but they're looking for
brighter colors you're somebody that is
trying to walk the line as a moderate
centrist and maybe that's a four-letter
word
to some people how difficult is it in
this political environment it is
difficult Chuck but there are
Republicans and Democrats in the house
we're all members of the problem-solvers
caucus and we're trying to encourage
bipartisan cooperation so that we can
address the big challenges of our times
the national debt the environment guns
immigration these are all issues that if
we're going to solve them we need both
parties to work together and every day
we find that fewer people want to do
that in this election you have a lot of
people calling to do that you have the
president calling for a red wave I think
what we need is a wave of decent honest
people that will go to DC and solve
these problems and we need some
structural changes Chuck because I think
most voters do want this the problem is
our primary system the problem is the
incentives that many in the media create
for candidates to say radical things to
do radical things because usually that's
the best way to get on TV and as long as
that's the case it's going to be
difficult to build from the middle out
carlos Cabello Republican congressman
from from South Florida
I think representing part of my old part
of where I grew up
Carson thanks for coming on sharing your
views much appreciated sir hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning in the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
