so there is some breaking news from the
New York Times they are reporting that
dr. Ford has opened up negotiations to
testify on Monday so long as the terms
are fair and ensure their that ensure
her safety this is according I believe
to her lawyer an email her lawyers sent
to committee staffers the New York Times
is reporting this we're working on
confirming it
senator boxer do you want to see her
testify on Monday I want to see her come
forward and tell her story and I want
her to do it not in a kangaroo court I
want her to do it with the right
atmosphere because women who come
forward like this are called
every name in the book Anita Hill her
whole life was turned upside down and I
listen to what Michael said and he's
very careful with his words I want to
say how I feel from the bottom of my
heart when I started out in politics
everyone every party fought for equal
rights for everyone it has changed I
don't know why but I believe as I served
in the United States Senate and I saw
what was happening with women's issues
the Democrats stood up to fight for
their equality whether it was equal pay
for equal work fair health care being
respected in terms of the choices they
make about their own bodies and who was
on the other side and I debated them day
after day Republican men where are the
Republican Women who should be on that
Judiciary Committee I know them they are
solid there is a hostility toward women
when you have Lindsey Graham saying that
dr. Ford was involved in a drive-by
shooting when she's speaking from her
heart through her through her
post-traumatic stress to talk about an
incident that she can't get out of her
mind when Dean Heller says it's a hiccup
when we have a Supreme Court nominee on
the line and someone accused him of
having tried to rape her
where are the Republicans well let me
I say their hostel impasto let me let me
put this out there south as South
Carolina congressman made a joke about
Supreme Court sexual assault I believe
this was this was last night it opened
it opened an election debate on Thursday
so I guess today he said did you hear
about this this is congressman Ralph
Northam Ruth Bader Ginsburg came out
saying she was groped by Abraham Lincoln
Michael first of all that's stupid
why aren't there any women on the
Judiciary Committee on the Republican
side I have no I really you're asking me
that I have no idea why don't I don't
make those decisions that in the House
of Representatives uh you know a lot of
it is drill out of it is driven by
seniority which gets to the root of it
how many Republican Women serve in the
house that are on that track yeah we
have one right now true Michael nothing
to do with seniority what it does for a
lot of it does for a lot of folks in the
caucus with all due respect that having
talked to a lot of Senate I know you did
you run your caucus you're away the
Republicans run their caucus their way
you just know that you've got four women
on on the committee that were put there
by the rules that your caucus has come
up with the rules are different than the
other caucus I'm not going to get in
this debate with you on that because I'm
not I don't know those rules I can't
answer that question directly all I can
say is there should be more room made
and many of us have made this argument
for quite some time that will infuse the
system with more women more minorities
to serve in those leadership roles to
encourage that from the grassroots up
it's it's a cultural change that has to
occur inside the party as well as a
political one I just want to make this
correction I said Ralph Northam that is
a that is a an error on my part I met
Ralph Norman from Rock Hill South
Carolina he's the one who made the Ruth
Bader Ginsburg joke hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
