then I am no political expert I don't
know any additional information from
Brett Kavanaugh or from Christine Ford
but I understand optionality and so
while I see people saying Christine Ford
is running out of options while Susan
Collins is tweeting I hope she changes
her mind she doesn't meet up any mind
and why on earth would she give
Republicans any inkling of if she wants
to do this until 10 a.m. tomorrow
the moment she does the full-blown media
blitz character assassination is gonna
go into high gear so it makes absolute
strategy sense to sit on it and also
that she hasn't demanded an FBI
investigation she's asked for one every
single thing that she's asked for is is
to give more information so on Monday it
won't be strictly a he-said she-said
exactly right yeah I mean it makes
perfect sense for her and her attorneys
to look for the best possible
environment for her to come forward and
make her statements and to tell her
stories is obviously an incredibly
difficult thing for her to do and
experience she does not want to relive
and she doesn't want to get up there
where it's just her just Brett Kavanaugh
and the all-male members of the
Judiciary Committee and they go after
her that's not a good scenario for her
it's perfectly on the Republican side
it's perfectly reasonable for her to
request an investigation to have other
witnesses show up to corroborate her
story she's making requests that are
completely reasonable and I think
Republicans have to take seriously and
they need to hear from her the public
needs to hear from her before this vote
is taken let's talk about Brett
Kavanaugh for a moment you know think
again things are getting misconstrued
when we hear investigation people are
going look at Robert Muller's
investigation it's taking two years an
investigation could take two days Brett
Kavanaugh is a father he does have young
daughters he does have a stellar
reputation so does it not surprise you
that if he were to get confirmed
wouldn't he not want to have this cloud
over him people say he's got an
unblemished record this is a big old
blemish either way yet he's remaining
silent
not calling for an investigation in fact
the guy who is in the room with him mark
judge has said nope it didn't happen but
I don't want to testify right which is
very curious right but first let's just
go back to the length of an
investigation we're not talking six
months a year we're not even talking
abouth I mean look at the Anita Hill
case when the White House right so an
investigation could be quick would it
delay past Monday maybe the Tuesday
maybe Thursday right but remember this
is the party the Republicans who left a
Supreme Court seat vacant because they
didn't want to even hear or meet with
President Obama's selection so it's the
height of hypocrisy that they're now
saying they don't have two or three days
to give to an important investigation to
find out whether a very serious
allegation is true and if it happened
would completely disqualify this man to
be on the United States Supreme Court
and we need to get all the facts in a
few words
I've always thought if you if you didn't
do whatever the crime was or the
allegation why wouldn't you stand up and
share everything want to clear your name
fake your taxes mr. president what um
but here's the thing Ben about hypocrisy
hypocrisy is a word sticks and stones
Republicans don't Mitch McConnell
doesn't care if you say he's a hypocrite
he's a jerk he wants to get two Supreme
Court justices in those seats because
president Trump's true base I don't mean
the people who just go to his rallies I
mean Christian conservatives who say I
don't care what he does morally those
judges matter to me how important is
this politically because we mentioned it
earlier the president has been on
message and very restrained and he very
rarely does that because he knows this
is his money pot absolutely this is
among the most critical things that any
president can do particularly this
president who has a lot of problems
politically and a lot of problems
personally one of his main political
arguments is that I will get you
conservative justices both on you know
the federal courts and the Supreme Court
so it's incredibly important for him to
get this done at the same time you know
this is among the most important jobs in
the world a life
I'm appointment to the Supreme Court you
cannot rush this there's no reason to
rush it even if you accept the argument
that they have to get it done by the
midterms politically it's September
we've got plenty of time there days that
they could do this okay but guess what
there are political ramifications so if
you leave this news table if you go out
into the world and you sit down at a
dinner table someone is gonna say to you
she waited decades why now while
everything is on the line and midterms
are here and I want to share what chuck
grassley said about Dianne Feinstein who
had the information anonymously or
privately for a few months take a look
oh I lied I'm reading it excuse me these
allegations could have been raised to me
or to judge Cavanaugh they could have
been raised both within the last seven
weeks in a way that protected dr. Ford's
anonymity instead you choose to sit on
the allegations until a politically
opportune moment I cannot overstate how
disappointed I am in this decision he's
speaking directly to Dianne Feinstein
here does he have a point whether or not
he has a point with Dianne Feinstein
with senator Feinstein is no longer the
point because right now the issue isn't
what Dianne Feinstein did judge forward
I'm sorry professor Ford reached out
sent the information she did what she
felt she had to do it's now public and
she has to make another decision you
can't if you think what senator
Feinstein did was wrong okay let's have
that debate but you can't hold that
against Professor Ford and I just want
to if you think if you think if you
think Mitch McConnell blocking Merrick
garland was wrong you could feel that
way but he still got the outcome you
wanted and you know I totally agree what
you both were saying about the Supreme
Court and how that is the what the real
base is about but there's another issue
for the real base if the Republicans
lose the midterm and it really turn
elections and Democrats get control of
the house or maybe even the Senate
that's gonna make moving more judges
forward close potentially close to
impossible and other issues they care
about today intersecting politics and
issues to think about fast-tracking all
the boys from the Federalist Society
that a white man
under the age of 50 will be harder and
you know the Republicans biggest problem
in this midterm is women voters in
suburban districts they're in danger of
losing a lot of those places and rushing
through and trying to slime an accuser
is not the way you want to court those
women who are turning away from Donald
Trump and Republicans and supporting
Democrats in the midterms they have to
be incredibly careful that they don't
make a political problem even worse
which is what they're doing right now
and you know 20 not much seems to have
changed in the Senate's vetting process
in the 27 years since Anita Hill but we
do know right now with the me2 movement
much has changed in those 27 years about
America's attention and consciousness
about sexual assault and sexual harass
you know that's an excellent point for
days I've been saying I don't feel like
anything's changed as I look at the
images of Orrin Hatch 20-plus years ago
in today but America's response has
changed in a very big way hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
