day 608 of the Trump administration and
Republicans are turning up the pressure
on Christine Blasi Ford she is the
California College professor who alleges
Supreme Court nominee and federal judge
Brett Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her
when they both attended a high school
party Cavanaugh denies the allegation
Ford has been given a deadline now has
less than 48 hours to decide whether she
will testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee on Monday about her allegation
in a letter to her attorney today
committee chairman Charles Grassley of
Iowa wrote quote you have stated
repeatedly that dr. Ford wants to tell
her story I sincerely hope that dr. Ford
will accept my invitation to do so
either privately or publicly on Monday I
remind you that consistent with
committee rules dr. Ford's prepared
testimony and biography are due to the
committee by 10:00 a.m. on Friday
September 21 if she intends to testify
on Monday but through her lawyers Ford
has requested that the FBI investigate
her allegation before she testifies a
request that Grassley has already
rejected he did offer to send committee
staff to California to speak with Ford
tonight Ford's attorney released this
this statement quote dr. Ford was
reluctantly thrust into the public
spotlight only two days ago she's
currently unable to go home and is
receiving ongoing threats to her and her
family's safety fairness and respect for
her situation dictate that she should
have time to deal with this
she continues to believe that a full
nonpartisan investigation of this matter
is needed and she is willing to
cooperate with the committee however the
committee stated plan to move forward
with a hearing that has only that has
only two witnesses is not a fair or good
faith investigation there are multiple
witnesses whose names have appeared
publicly and should be included in any
proceeding the rush to a hearing is
unnecessary and contrary to the
committee discovering the truth the
president has been publicly supportive
of Cavanaugh while allowing the Senate
to take the lead in this fight this
morning as he was about to board
one he took care to temper his language
he shows up and makes a credible showing
that'll be very interesting and drop the
fake acquisition but I can only say this
he is such an outstanding man very hard
for me to imagine that anything happened
with justice Kavanagh has been treated
very very tough and the family I think
it's a very unfair thing what's going on
so we'll see but I do think this they've
given it a lot of time they will
continue to give it a lot of time and
really it's up to the Senate and I
really rely on them I think they're
gonna do a good
I really want to see her I really would
want to see what she has to say
we should note the obvious here the
White House could ask the FBI to
investigate Ford's allegations tonight a
number of the president's Republican
allies are pushing to move ahead with a
Cavanaugh vote in the committee with or
without a hearing Senator Lindsey Graham
issued a statement today quote requiring
an FBI investigation of a 36 year old
allegation without specific references
to time or location before professor
Ford will appear before the joushi area
committee is not about finding the truth
but delaying the process until after the
midterm elections it is imperative the
Judiciary Committee move forward on the
Kavanagh nomination and a committee vote
be taken as soon as possible Washington
Post reporter Robert Costa who will join
us in just a moment reports tonight that
Republicans are concerned about the
political implications of rushing this
confirmation he writes privately
discussions about the political fallout
gripped the party with Republican
lawmakers and strategists unnerved by
the charge gender infused debates that
have upended this campaign season
senator susan collins republican of
maine appears to be well aware of this
NBC news reports that a source close to
her says she had a call with the deputy
director of the FBI to get a better
understanding about how background
investigations are conducted this
morning on a local maine radio show the
senator continued to publicly press for
a hearing with both Ford and Cavanaugh I
think it's not fair to judge Cavanaugh
for her not to come forward and testify
both of them need to testify under oath
next Monday before the Judiciary
Committee meanwhile friends of Christine
Blasi Ford are beginning to speak out
describing the college professors
dedication to her work and her aversion
to being in the public eye several of
her friends and classmates from her high
school Holton Arms wrote an open letter
of support for her one of those friends
who says she's known Ford for four
decades now talked with our colleague
Chris Hayes earlier tonight she's a
strong woman
has a strong foundation with her family
and her friends and she's tremendously
grateful for the support that she's
gotten from from everyone and I think
that's important to her so that she
doesn't feel that she's just hanging out
to dry here by herself to suggest that
someone who's been sexually assaulted
isn't remembering this correctly is just
makes it just makes my head explode I
think it makes a lot of women feel that
way let's bring in our leadoff panel on
a Wednesday night the aforementioned
Robert Costa national political reporter
for The Washington Post and moderator of
Washington week on PBS kimberly atkins
chief Washington reporter for the Boston
Herald and Mimi Roca former assistant US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York now a Distinguished Fellow and
criminal justice at the Pace University
Law School a counselor I'd like to begin
with you and ask you the pure
hypothetical if you were dr. Ford's
attorney what do you think you would be
advising here I would be advising
exactly what they're saying which is not
don't testify ever but don't testify
until they have done an investigation
and here's why this is a sham and no one
knows that better than Judge Cavanaugh
who is a longtime federal judge if I as
a federal prosecutor or any lawyer
walked into his courtroom and tried to
put on a case by throwing two witnesses
up there without doing any investigation
outside of what they're going to say on
the stand he would he would not be happy
with our performance as lawyers in that
courtroom that is not how we look for
the truth that is not how we get at
facts in this country this is not a
criminal proceeding but everybody is
saying they want to get at the truth
they're saying it in different ways you
know but people on both sides of the
aisle the only way to do that is to do a
full investigation and it can be done
quickly and so I think in fairness to
dr. Ford she has not said she won't
testify as I believe senator Collins
referred and in her statement that if
she says she's not going to testify
that's unfair to judge Cavanaugh she is
saying do the work first and make
a fair playing field because if you put
dr. Ford up there and you put judge
Cavanaugh there we already know what's
gonna happen the many Republican
senators have already said as much that
they don't believe her that they're you
know they're they're going to question
everything she says and unless you have
other facts to point to to test people's
the witness's credibility with your
you're not gonna get at the truth I just
want to share a couple of things that we
have witnessed over the past 24 hours
the first of which happened on this
broadcast last night after the president
said this isn't the fbi's thing getting
involved in an investigation like this
we put that question to FBI veteran
senior official Chuck Rosenberg we
should take a look at the letter I Brian
and FBI because it actually stands for
investigation this is precisely their
thing they pass along information to the
White House on mr. Cavanaugh and if the
White House wants more information all
they have to do is ask two more things
here both on social media one of them
from Steve Schmidt who wrote this
tonight riddle me this if someone is
lying dr. Ford and they know that lying
to the FBI as a crime why would they be
asking for an FBI investigation if a
sitting federal judge is accused of
something he denies with his reputation
at stake
why wouldn't he demand one and then
finally Steven Dennis over at Bloomberg
News if both Cavanaugh and Ford testify
under oath Monday until opposite stories
one would be committing the federal
crime of lying to Congress would there
be precedent for the FBI to then
investigate maybe this is why we have
you here answers to any of these
well absolutely there would be an
investigation then or should be about
whether one of them is lying but again
you can't really get at that answer
without going beyond the two people the
the Republicans are trying by trying to
jam the suit they're trying to make this
a he-said she-said situation and it's
not it doesn't have to be there are
other witnesses out there we already
know about them in the public record
which
by the way I think lends credibility to
dr. Ford story why would she have told
the story and put you know I think his
name is Mark judge at the scene if if
she were making this up why would she
put a friend of Brett Kavanaugh is there
for people to go and investigate but the
fact is there are people for them to
talk to there are so many details
already in her story she said she was
wearing a bathing suit well was there a
pool party I mean there are things you
can figure out this is a closed
community there were people to talk to
so yes if one of them lies there should
and would be an investigation but again
to even get to that point of deciding
that you need to do this and the fact
that as Steve Schmidt said the fact that
Brett Kavanaugh does is not himself
saying yeah let's investigate this and
asking for it himself I think that's
very telling he you know it's sort of
like Trump trying to shut down the
Moller investigation he's afraid of
what's going to come out is really the
only thing I think you can read into
that hey Kim your headline got our
attention it is analysis Brett
Cavanaugh's fate depends on which party
blinks first is it and yes
human lives and reputations are at stake
is it that much of its been called a
game of chicken and how dug in are the
sides as far as your reporting can tell
the sides are definitely dug in as we
see the Democrats and dr. Ford are not
interested in moving forward without
that FBI investigation as a prerequisite
but the Senate is a political body we
have Republicans and Democrats who are
making political calculations and right
now they are dug in but the momentum
seems to have shifted to Republicans who
seem to want to move forward with this
vote whether or not dr. four does appear
next week despite the criticism that it
looks like they are strong-arming her or
trying to bully her to rush this process
when the process has no real deadline
and there's no reason why Monday has to
be the day they can take extra time they
can do more investigation if they don't
want to get the FBI involved they can
have some sort of third party arbitrator
to sort of vet the test
the moaning of the people involved there
are a lot of ways to do this and they
are choosing one way which is their way
or the highway the Republicans are but I
they are making that calculation because
they believe in the end they will have
the votes to confirm a Cavanaugh and
look at the end of the day they may be
worried about the perception that they
are strong-arming dr. Ford or that they
may have the same problem that Anita
Hill they had with Anita Hill and
Clarence Thomas's confirmation but
despite the attention that Anita Hills
testimony got in the end the Republicans
got the most conservative justice on the
US Supreme Court affirmed and he has
been on that court for 27 years he might
be on the court for a decade or more
they remember that so I think some
short-term political problems might be
worth that in their calculation okay
Robert cost up your job tonight is to
tell us everything you know starting
with this just how toxic could this
become are the Republicans that willing
to take this big a hit and kind of gavel
this through it's a tough question for
Republicans in conversation today Bryan
with Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona he
mentioned in the Anita Hill exchange
with senators in 1991 during Clarence
Thomas's confirmation hearing and it led
to the 1992 so-called year of the woman
when many women were elected to federal
office and Flake worried to me in
conversation that Republicans could be
walking into a moment on Monday that is
charged that has a party full of older
white men in positions of power asking
potentially aggressive questions you
have an accuser in dr. Ford facing off
against people like Senator Chuck
Grassley of Iowa 85 years old in
Congress since 1975 who was involved
actually and that Anita Hill Clarence
Thomas confirmation process back in 1991
but the most interesting thing in my
reporting notebook tonight Brian many
Republicans are publicly calling for dr.
Ford to come forward and to appear on
Monday but privately many of them tell
me Republican aides
some of them even some lawmakers that it
may be best for the party to avoid the
hearing that they would like to move
quickly on the Kavanagh nomination and
they would like to avoid the political
theater that they think could be
damaging to them in the midterm
elections
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
