right now the US Senate is at the center
of a defining debate in America how to
assess allegations of sexual assault and
who should join a Supreme Court to
ultimately make life-and-death decision
about women's rights national security
and this probe into the Trump White
House well we are joined on the beat
tonight by a man who defined many of
those battles during 28 years in the
Senate John Kerry until he left that
public service to answer a call from
President Obama to replace of course
Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State
Kerry won the Democratic nomination for
president and ran against George Bush in
2000 for a campaign I worked on and as
people explore the lessons from the
Clarence Thomas confirmation hearings I
want to welcome secretary Kerry and
begin by looking at how you approach
that issue then sir because there was as
you know skepticism of Anita Hill from
senators in both parties you were
especially direct about the gender
disparity and sexism in the Senate at
the time take a look it is not the
accuracy of those accusations that's at
issue here it is the relationship of 98
men in the United States Senate to the
majority of the citizens of this nation
women and whether or not we are capable
of saying that when one woman stands up
and suggests this not because she
volunteered it but because the Senate
committee came to her and then she felt
they weren't listening whether we're now
gonna listen that's what it's about
senator you look at that is the Senate
doing any better in your view is dr.
Ford credible and what does the Senate
over in this process well I I can't
speak to the issues of credibility are a
there's no way for me to you know I
don't have all the facts and I'm not
going to venture forth on that with
respect to the Senate doing better the
Senate is doing better because it has
more women in it than it did I mean when
I came to the United States Senate I had
as many daughters as there were women
senators that's two and one shortly
after was beaten Paula Hawkins of
Florida so we've traveled a long way
since then you mentioned gender it seems
sometimes the gender is a big
a dividing line than even the parties
are partisanship which we know is is big
in Washington take a look at Joe Biden
in part of the way he approached miss
Hill in those famous hearings we know
comfortable you're embarrassed did it
not concern you how did you feel about
it
can you tell the committee what was the
most embarrassing of all the incidences
that you have alleged do you think Joe
Biden and you guys served together got
that wrong and what can the Senators do
better this time I look I'm not ducking
you but I literally do not have the full
context I don't know what preceded it I
don't know what followed it that was a
former prosecutor you've got to look at
every circumstance here and I'm
confident senators on both sides of the
aisle are going to do that your new book
probes public service I want to put up
on the screen something I think viewers
may enjoy every day is extra and you get
into that then the photo here we're
going to show folks is of you and
another famous individual Bob Muller on
your high school hockey team I will say
you both have pretty long faces then and
now and good heads a hair for what
that's worth but when you think when you
think about the two of you as military
veterans as prosecutors and people
who've lived very different public lives
what is important about public service
that you learned what do you remember of
him and how was that challenge during
what is obviously current currently a
time of strain in the Trump era well
he's a terrific public servant and and I
had occasion to work with him a couple
of times in the course of my career I
think he wouldn't be doing what he's
doing today if his credentials weren't
impeccable and I have great confidence
as I think most Americans do as people
have gotten to watch how he is just
quietly steadily proceeded to perform
his responsibilities when you look at
Congress today based on as you say the
lessons you've drawn from public service
what do you see as the biggest problems
unfortunately the caucuses
tend to be more polarized and and the
positions are more polarized I think I
mean I really began to see that happen
in the early days of the Gingrich
transformation in the 1990s then to the
Tea Party then to the to the caucus to
the to the freedom caucus and ultimately
you know Donald Trump affected what was
essentially a hostile takeover of what
was there in the Republican Party and
and he's changed it now so it's much
more polarized much more divisive so we
have no longer any arbiter about what
are the facts so you hear somebody talk
about alternative facts there's no such
thing
but today the number of daily lies in
American politics the number of
accusations I mean I may be accused now
of some but but they're all destroyed
wrenches that there I'll jump I'll jump
in since you mentioned it will put a
direct point on it you had tweeted back
to President Trump saying he should be
more worried about mana for meeting with
Muller than your meeting with iran's
Foreign Minister and then you plugged
your book which you know that you and
Trump could go back and forth in that
way now of course he had said John Kerry
had quote illegal meetings with the
hostile Iranian regime which only
undercuts our great work to the
detriment of American people that's not
true there's been no legal finding to
that end well one side gun are just five
minute leave aside the question of a
legal fight there is nothing to find
that is there's a lie what the president
is doing is trying to distract from a
reality I had you know I think it was
three meetings I can be precise now it
was three and one was at a peace
conference where many people were
invited from all over the world I had
nothing to do with that and I met there
and another meeting was at the UN
General Assembly in New York during the
course of the UN General Assembly when
people meet with everybody and the final
one was in Munich at the Security
Conference was invited by not by me but
by other people and ever since Donald
Trump has changed the policy once he
pulled out of the deal I have not met
with anybody on that so this is just to
use the term missus trumped-up this
administration doesn't want to debate
the real issues because they can't they
don't have any facts for why they pulled
out of the Paris Accords well
you have climate change coming at us on
a daily basis and it's it's a impacts on
our country they don't have a rationale
for why it is they can explain that
China Russia France Germany Britain are
all trying to keep the Iran deal alive I
don't have anything to do with that
that's their decision so this is just an
effort to avoid their own incompetence
their own inability to to do things in
Washington in a presidential manner and
I think the American people see through
it well and that's the final a big
foreign policy question I want to ask
you it's often referenced that Donald
Trump seems to try to roll back anything
he can that Obama did part of that is
really rolling back a lot of what you
and Secretary Clinton did in US
diplomacy and as you mentioned on Iran
on China on Cuba North Korea going and I
suppose a different direction
TBD and then of course these trade wars
plus Paris in the environment it's a
long list sir so I would ask you what do
you think is the most concerning or
dangerous approach that he's taking
abroad and is there anything as we
talked about bipartisanship is there
anything you've seen Donald Trump do on
the world stage that you can get behind
I think the the general challenge of the
administration's approach is they're
attacking our friends they take on
Canada and Justin Trudeau they take on
Mexico they're hammering away at NATO
they're isolating Europe they're there
they're sending general tremors through
the world with respect to the
reliability of this administration of
the United States except in a couple of
quarters where they've been people have
been given a carte blanche to do what
they want now I support I supported his
effort to reach out to North Korea and
it's obvious from the glitzy Singapore
summit that took place that they didn't
work out what denuclearization means
they don't yet have specific means of
inspecting specific means of accounting
for what the Arsenal is and so forth and
that's the real stuff of an agreement
and and there's no evidence right now
that that's happened so Kim
got exactly what he wanted every
administration wants this nuclear issue
with with North Korea to get resolved
and every one of us will hope for the
success of the administration because
the United States of America in the
world will be safer
well and that's a fitting point to pause
on secretary Kerry the book is every day
is extra great to see you again I
appreciate you coming on the beat my
pleasure thank you very much you hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
