breaking news tonight here it is Senator
Claire McCaskill of Missouri announced
tonight that she will vote no nay on the
bread Cavanaugh nomination for more I'm
joined by Phil Rutger Washington Post
White House bureau chief engine I today
actually Nelson the Associate Director
counsel at the n-double-a-cp legal
defense but today you're going to be
first hear I'm gonna go with you on this
where do you see this case running now
suppose we go through Monday night
there's no testimony from the accuser no
other witness is called the Republicans
on that committee who control the the
timing and schedule say hey you know
what we're gonna make this guy Supreme
Court justice like it or not where's
that take us in terms of our justice
system oh it takes us to a very
troubling place you know we have been
framing this all wrong from the start it
seems as if this is a battle between dr.
Ford and Brett Kavanaugh and really what
is at stake here is the integrity of the
Supreme Court and who's responsible for
ensuring it is our Senate and the Senate
Judiciary Committee as a as a threshold
matter there are so many questions
swirling around judge Kavanaugh and his
credibility and his suitability for a
lifetime appointment on the Supreme
Court
we are deeply troubled obviously by
these allegations of sexual assault very
credible allegations that deserve not
just a hearing but an investigation to
proceed that hearing so that the hearing
is informed by the best information by
the right witnesses by the right
questions by a thorough vetting of these
circumstances and so for the Senate to
move forward on Monday without dr.
Ford's testimony without having engaged
in a full FBI investigation which it if
Donald Trump was very serious about this
would call for immediately this
shortchanges the American public on one
of the most significant posts in this
country let me go to fill in this what
do you make of the hearings right now it
looks like she still as the accuser dr.
Ford is still calling for a thorough
bipartisan vestigation but it seems like
she's focusing now and who else is
testifying on Monday like she might
agree to come if this guy mark judge
shows up the guy was
according to her in that incident or
this other person who remembers that the
word was around at the time that it
happened that's right and the statement
has shifted from demanding the FBI
investigation before any hearing to
saying that she wants this drink to have
more people to have other witnesses but
they're still calling for the
non-partisan investigation it doesn't
explicitly say it has to be done by the
FBI but her lawyer wants that
investigation the FBI could investigate
this issue if President Trump were to
direct them to do so but President Trump
said today and said yesterday as well
that he's not going to do that that he
thinks this needs to be handled by the
Senate well this is going to happen
something's gonna happen either they one
side buckles on the other side but it's
a it's a it's a terrible game to tell me
yeah that's about because one side is
going to proceed and have a confirmation
and of course all of its members the
Republican party in the Senate 51
members to just stand up and say without
the testimony of this woman this accuser
they're willing to go on board and say
yes this guy should be on the court for
life and and if that's really putting
the pressure these guys exactly and it's
politically risky for these Republican
senators if she doesn't agree to come to
this hearing on Monday to move forward
immediately for the vote there could be
a voter backlash in the midterm
elections in November especially with a
lot of the suburban independent voters a
lot of suburban women who are fleeing
the Republican Party to begin with
because of disapproval of President
Trump it could potentially exacerbate
that gender gap and damage Republican
prospects they talk about that in terms
of just gender and women feeling that
they've been disregarded is their
testimony like we don't really need to
hear from you lady that's sort of the
message to be put at blunt we can go on
without you yeah and we've seen this
before we saw this with Anita Hill even
when women are given the opportunity to
tell their stories and to bring forward
information and evidence the way in
which she was treated is exactly and
precisely why dr. Ford is making the
requests that she's making to ensure
that if there is a hearing that it is
properly conducted that it's trauma
sensitive that there are the right
protocols in place to ensure that she
has a fair forum and which to raise
these issues we all remember the the
absolute
treatment and abuse that Anita Hill
suffered and dr. Ford did a courageous
thing with that backdrop still being
willing to come forward and raise these
issues but I would be remiss if I did
not remind everyone that we're not only
dealing with these very serious
allegations we also have a very suspect
record on civil rights that dr. Gupta
that Judge Cavanaugh has and many other
concerns about his credibility so this
is one larger story and the the Senate
should not deal with this simply as a
political matter this is a
constitutional matter well neither hell
speaking to ABC News urge the Senate
Judiciary Committee to hold off on
moving forward with the hearing
scheduled for money let's let's do a
need a he'll the hearing questions need
to have a frame and the investigation is
the best frame for that six days is not
enough for the senators who probably
know very little about these kinds of
claims it's not enough for them to
inform themselves so what's the
president afraid of because he can have
two yes s the FBI do all sorts of
sometimes crazy things we've noticed
lately go after Hillary and whatever
emails remember why doesn't he just say
we'll give you a month to look at this
it's a good question he certainly can
and there could be a time when he
decides to tell the FBI to do it but
he's not doing it now he's taking
direction from White House Counsel Don
Magan and others in the White House and
he's letting the Senate control this
process he's letting Mitch McConnell the
Republican leader in the Senate and
Chuck Grassley the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee decide how this
investigation if they're gonna do one
unfolds and decide how these hearings
unfold and the president so far has been
relatively mute other than to defend
Cavanaugh I can give a scenario for both
of you that the Republicans will not
like they confirm Cavanaugh next
Thursday he becomes a lifetime member of
the Supreme Court he's in business on
the court deciding issues like roe v
wade and things like that and come this
Sunday night or the Monday night before
the next election the midterm elections
the accuser dr. Ford appears on
television and gives their full story to
a reporter to an anchorperson
and it's deadly its deadly
they're stuck with this conformation I
don't think they're gonna be very happy
with that scenario if I were the
Republicans I think two or three weeks
ahead or even a month and a half ahead
and know where you're putting yourself
you're wherever you go that's where
you're going to be and they're going to
be in a very bad place with a nominee
confirmed who shouldn't have been
confirmed thank you very much Phil
Drucker thank you today Nelson's great
to have you both on hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
