highschool classmates now are rallying
behind the woman accusing Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual assault three
decades ago although none appear to have
specific information of the alleged
incident the women are circulating a
letter
Samantha Geary is a longtime friend of
Christine Blasi Fords and is one of them
she joins me now thanks very much for
being with us tell me about the woman
you know her reputation for credibility
for seriousness of purpose and how
political she is or isn't well Christine
is a very serious person in terms of her
intellectual pursuit she's proven that
through her success as a professor and
colleague she is a biostatistician
someone who's devoted her entire career
to accuracy and data and facts do you
know anything do you know Brett
Kavanaugh did you know mark judge the
other boy allegedly in the room when
this alleged assault took place well I
don't know who was the other person was
in the room I did know Rhett Cavanaugh
and his friends at Georgetown Prep I was
quite close to some of his classmates I
did not know him well he was
acquaintances not somebody who I've
given a lot of thought to over the years
but our class at Holton was very close
and we went to school together for six
years
Chrissy came in seventh grade and we've
known each other for 40 years
and every one of us who signed the
letter have been have have had nothing
but positive experiences with Chrissy
and and nothing but respect for her as a
woman and as a professor and as a friend
and take us back to those days when you
were all in high school these are elite
schools elite schools holding arms
Georgetown Prep Judge Cavanaugh recently
was speaking at lower than that three
years ago was speaking at a gathering
and recalling a saying that was common
among the boys of his era
let's watch we had good saying that
we've held firm to the
to this day as the Dean was reminding me
before before the talk which is what
happens at Georgetown Prep stays at
Georgetown Prep that's been a good thing
for all of us so was there a lot of
partying among these elite schools
academically rigorous schools but a lot
of drinking a lot of partying what can
you recall yeah absolutely I think that
we were all rowdy teenagers just like
everybody else
I think these schools are very intense
and people tend to work very hard and
they play hard and you know III don't
think that's so out of the ordinary or
necessarily so specific to private
schools in this area I think that's a
fairly common teenage phenomena how
difficult do you think it would have
been for your friend would be for your
friend to be coming out publicly with
this kind of charger we know that she
did not want to be public senator
Feinstein's says in response to the
president today that said the senator
kept it secret because that was the
confidentiality of any that you would
Accord any alleged victim of a sexual
you know attack right well why would
anyone want to come out and bring this
public scrutiny onto themselves
you know she she has a life she has
other things to do and to suddenly
become a political football is just an
excruciating experience for her and for
her family she has nothing to gain from
this except for a clear conscience which
is why she came forward she really felt
it was her civic duty to ensure that
Congress in its deliberations was really
considering the some some experiences
that perhaps did not come forward as
part of the background investigations do
you think that at this stage when she
was insisting on an FBI reopened
investigation the president is resisting
that the Senate today saying the Senate
Republican leaders saying that that's
not going to happen if that position
holds
should she come forward in any case even
if there has not been an FBI
investigation into these charges you
know
Christina's story is inconvenient and
people hate that there's a lot of gonna
be a lot of pushback to having to slow
this process down and really take
another look and I understand why that
is but that doesn't make that the right
decision I think that she has to handle
this in the way that she's most
comfortable with you know we're not
talking about even sexual harassment
we're talking about sexual assault we're
talking about a situation where she
thought that she might die this is this
is deeply personal and it should be
treated that way
with respect that it deserves Samantha
Gary thank you so much thanks for
thanking me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
