okay welcome back to Morning Joe we've
got more from president Trump's
interview with Hill TV in it the
president eviscerates jeff Sessions
saying quote I don't have an attorney
general it's very sad Trump goes on to
say I'm so sad over Jeff Sessions
because he came to me he was the first
senator that endorsed me and he wanted
to be Attorney General and I didn't see
it and then he went through the
nominating process and he did very
poorly I mean he was mixed up and
confused and people that worked with him
for you know a long time in the Senate
were not nice to him
but he was giving very confusing answers
answers that should have been easily
answered and that was a rough time for
him Trump would not say whether he might
fire session siding we'll see what
happens a lot of people have asked me to
do that and I guess I study history and
say I just want to leave things alone
but it was very unfair what he did Wow
Willie and Susan till I die this is the
I think it's the most pointed attack yet
at Jeff Sessions it is I don't have an
attorney general without question Susan
he's studies history I don't fall I
don't have an attorney general and of
course the routine that sir he believes
that Jeff Sessions should not have
recused himself from the Russia
investigation and if he had not recused
himself Donald Trump believes he
wouldn't be in the trouble he's in but I
mean how does Jeff Sessions stay around
after that it's been difficult all along
I actually think Jeff Sessions may be
rewriting his narrative and his time in
the White House and or in this
administration saying I'm part of the
people who are saving it and that's why
I'm here I'm gonna stay in because we
have a job to do we have to protect
Muller and I'm willing to take all this
abuse so the investigation can continue
yeah I mean could Jeff Sessions has
taken a lot of this abuse but I think as
you say nothing this specific from
Donald Trump
I wonder if Trump thinks he wrote the
op-ed thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
