joining us now former Assistant United
States attorney in the Southern District
of New York Mimi Roca she's a
distinguished fellow in criminal justice
at Pace School of Law and an MSNBC legal
analyst and legal analyst for NBC News
and MSNBC and former federal prosecutor
Maya Wiley Mimi and Maya are two of five
NBC News legal analysts who have written
a new NBC think piece entitled the
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh are
not simply he-said she-said situation in
which they call for an independent
investigation ahead afford and Cavanaugh
possibly testifying before the Senate
Judiciary Committee also with us for
this conversation former GOP counsel for
the House Oversight Committee now a
contributor to NBC News NBC News coms
editorial page think Sophia Nelson good
to have you all on board Maya and then
Mimi we'll start with you why should
there be an investigation at this point
given all the legal challenges to trying
to prove a case like this if you call it
a case well certainly I go first
certainly it's important number one
because we're talking about the highest
legal position in the land that has
significant power and authority
including lawmaking on issues that
relate to the exactly the kind of
allegations that are coming before us
now meaning meaning what is the nature
of the law when it comes to some of the
cases that we we might see before the
Supreme Court
you want someone in this position who
has the highest degree of integrity and
so any allegation that suggests that a
person who's been considered for the
Supreme Court of the United States we
should know and understand exactly what
kind of person we're gonna have
including whether or not they obey the
law since that's what they're sworn to
uphold in this case the question isn't
whether or not there's going to be a
criminal investigation the sense of
whether he will serve any jail time the
issue is whether or not he is telling
the truth on a very very serious
allegation and
frankly there are a lot of tools
available to law enforcement to
determine whether or not there's any
more evidence but I think the important
thing here is the fact that there is
corroboration in the sense that in 2012
a for Brett Kavanaugh was ever being
considered for a Supreme Court seat that
she actually told someone that what
happened in exactly the same way for the
most part was only a few a few
differences but for the most part the
same story that she's telling now was
very very little to gain and that's the
kind of thing we look at when we look at
veracity and evidence well yeah I mean I
don't know any woman who would want to
come forward with something like this
certainly not much to gain at all but me
me what are the challenge are there
challenges to this given the timing of
the sad event yeah absolutely there's
challenges but you know prosecutors
investigators face challenges all the
time of varying degrees and they don't
just throw up their hands and say well
we can't figure it out so let's move on
you know their statutes of limitations
for a reason especially in cases that
are 3035 years old and happened when
someone was in their formative years I
mean I just have to push back every
legal expert that we've had on says
there's no legal remedy for this are you
guys saying there is a case and you
could be arrested no absolutely not as
Maya said this is not about a criminal
investigation this is about a serious
allegation that well our point of our
article was it has the ring of truth to
us because of things we already know in
the public record the fact that she gave
a consistent statement to her therapist
the fact that her story if she was gonna
make it up why would she put it mark
judge at the scene why would she put a
witness there who you know is is an all
likelihood going to contradict her
because he's a friend of Cavanaugh's why
what would her motive be for coming
forward is not she was not appeared to
be a political woman why would she put
herself through what she predicted would
happen in is happening so what we were
saying is her story has the ring of
truth and so when you have
not just any allegation but what seems
to be a credible allegation you
investigate it you look into it because
you need to know did this happen and you
can maybe you could people can make
their own decisions about whether that
means he should be a Supreme Court
justice if it happened and is he lying
now and should that affect his ability
to become a Supreme Court justice so
that's the point of our article and
that's why we think an investigation
should be done and what the Republicans
are offering to do right now is a total
sham they want to throw her up there
they've already made up their mind I
mean remember President Trump won't go
sit with robert muller for an interview
because he thinks it's a perjury trap
but this woman is supposed to go in
front of judges meaning the senators who
have basically already decided she's
lying you know that's the height of
hypocrisy it's a I completely hear you I
want to get now to sophia nelson you've
got a different take on this sophia go
ahead well I think a couple things one
there is precedent mica with the Thomas
and Hill hearings that after the
allegations were made that Amida Hill
said she was sexually harassed by then
Judge Thomas the FBI took a two-week
time frame they got witnesses they
talked to people and then they came back
and they testified so that's the first
thing that's important there's precedent
but where we have a problem here and I
have a big problem is judge Kavanagh
saying he wasn't even there now to me I
believe that something awful has
happened to dr. for it I don't think
she's making this up I don't think women
lie about these things so let's get that
out the way the challenge that we have
is 36 years later where do you go for
witnesses she doesn't even remember the
house that the party happened and these
are the things that investigators if
it's going to be credible right they've
got to get witnesses there's no DNA that
I can figure how they collect any DNA
here and this is more than just sexually
harassing like Nina Hill said about
Clarence Thomas and saying ugly
disgusting things this is about an
alleged sexual assault or rape so you've
got to have some type of physical
evidence there have to be witnesses and
I think on Twitter just a few moments
ago before I came on there's another
person that was named as possibly being
there another
man and he says it didn't happen or that
he wasn't at the party and you have to
check the name on that because I didn't
look at it carefully I'm just making a
point that I don't know how the FBI
conducts a credible investigation given
36 years down the road and and who do
they talk to and what do they do I'm not
saying they shouldn't try
I just don't know right how you get to
what here that's the problem so much so
maybe let me let me ask you that
question I'm because 35 36 years ago
you've got two people who were allegedly
in the room when this happened both of
them actually say nothing like this
happened you have dr. Ford who said
something did happen but she doesn't
know where it happened she doesn't know
exactly when it happened again very
understandable over 35 years and also
given the trauma of the event that she
said she went through if you are in
charge of this investigation
what's what's your first step what do
you do look there's definitely
challenges but here's what I would do
first of all we're not talking about a
needle in a haystack this is not wow it
happens somewhere in the world this was
a closed community a private school
there have already been so many people
on both sides frankly from this high
school community that have come forward
and said yeah I knew Brookhaven oh yes I
knew dr. Blasi so there there is a pool
of people to go to and this is what
investigators do they go out they pound
the pavement and they start interviewing
people was there anybody else in the
room let's put mark judge aside for a
second maybe not maybe there was no
other person besides these three people
but there were people in the house what
happened when they came down the stairs
who's the friend who went to the party
with her did they leave with her did she
you know run out of there the way she
said I mean there are there are ways to
corroborate this is how cases are built
all the time you don't necessarily get
to you know prove the or corroborate the
central fact but you corroborate or
debunk if she's lying then that should
be debunked that you crabber eight or
debunk the facts around the central
issue there's not going to be physical
evidence from this I disagree with what
the the last guest said because this was
not an
attempted rape where there was
penetration as far as I know and she
never alleged that so we're not looking
for physical evidence we're looking at
witnesses we're looking at circumstances
surrounding the events and unmarked
judge look his statement so far
it was very careful didn't say it didn't
happen he said you didn't remember
anything like that happening and that's
a careful way of phrasing it and that
may be true but I think there needs to
be more probing that's that's a
statement he put out he needs to be
questioned by a trained investigator
that's that's what I think should happen
Mimi made one important point many
important points but one that I want to
really reinforce here which is that you
this is not a situation in which there
isn't an identified witness and he said
he did not remember it's also in terms
of Sophia's point about an
investigations this isn't a criminal
investigation we're not we're talking
about a FBI background check the
standard of proof is different so it's
not a question of DNA evidence not only
because it wasn't a rape allegation it
was an attempted rape allegation but
because the question is can we establish
enough of the facts to demonstrate that
Brett cab whether or not Brett Kavanaugh
is telling the truth or or our professor
Ford is telling the truth right that's
the issue here is veracity truthfulness
credibility and remember that in this
case since we're not talking about a
criminal case what interests does the
public have in not trying to find out as
much as it can in this set of
circumstances there is actually no
public interest in failing to reopen an
FBI background check to go and try to
find out whether there's any more
information we can get including the
fact and this this is also important but
to sophia's point is it's not a question
of know one of the issues is where was
the party you know she was being very
honest professor Ford and saying I don't
remember which party that's an actually
a very honest thing for someone to say
right if they're really making it up
they'll make up some more stuff to make
it sound more credible my will I'm sorry
mica Sophia Nelson I just wanted you to
be able to jump in
I do think that pattern is always
important in cases like this that
draught a character and and truthfulness
do they not I mean I'm not a lawyer but
don't don't you look for patterns of
behavior as well if there was an
investigation well absolutely I mean
what we've seen over the past year or
two with the me2 movement is every time
a powerful man is accused of these
things there are more allegations that
come forth so that's one thing that
you'd want to find out but what six
background checks already done by the
FBI I promise you they would have heard
about this by now so two things there's
precedent for this I said that the FBI
can investigate for a couple weeks and
they can come back the second thing is I
was very clear to both of my colleagues
that they said this was an alleged rape
I didn't say it was a rape I've never
said that
I think the allegation it's alleged rape
is actually a little bit I think we
should be careful with that
I think I'm not sure what doctor Ford
saying happened other than he put his
hand over her mouth which is pretty
disgusting if that happened and that he
held her down and I thinking another
thing Myka I was a high school girl in
the early 80s as I think some of the
others were on this panel and I can tell
you I remember hearing stories this
stuff happened back then with people
drinking and with the the fact that
women didn't talk about because we
couldn't talk about it and I think that
it's brave of her to come forward
something happen but Cavanaugh saying he
wasn't there and so I do think it's a he
say she say and I don't know how you get
beyond him sandy wasn't there and she
saying he was I don't know and that's
what makes this conversation fascinating
Mimi Roca Maya Wiley and Sophia Nelson
thank you all for coming on this morning
still ahead four months now Poland has
been pushing to have a US military
presence in order to deter Russia now
the NATO ally is offering president
Trump a new incentive naming rights so
more next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
