an eruption of turmoil that could
threaten to derail the entire nomination
and the big question tonight is will
professor Ford who says Cavanaugh
sexually assaulted her when they were in
high school actually come out and
testify under oath Cavanaugh now has
taken into the camp that he is eager to
do that to defend himself at Monday's
scheduled hearing and he denies this
allegation and there are other seriously
contested issues that are important
tonight including a new demand from
Democrats that the FBI reopened the
entire probe into Cavanaugh here's
Donald Trump's new response today the
FBI John said that they really don't do
that that's not what they do
he's an incredible individual great
intellect great judge impeccable
history in every way in every way I feel
so badly for him that he's going through
this to be honest with you I feel so
badly for him this is not a man that
deserves this Democrats calling for
additional witnesses to testify
including the other man who professor
Ford alleges was in the room during the
alleged assault now that man mark judge
released a new letter to the committee
Senate Republicans saying he does not
recall the party for described and that
he has quote no memory of this alleged
incident that is different and basically
less categorical than what Kavanagh has
said on the record he has claimed that
he was not at any party whatsoever and
flatly denied that any of this occurred
Democrats want Donald Trump's own White
House Council to step up but explain
what he knew and when he knew it that is
of course Don Magan and he's the
recipient of their letter asking whether
he knew about the allegations of
Cavanaugh quote before they became
public last week which goes to what the
White House did and whether it tried to
tamp down or hide any of this now the
Republican head of the Judiciary
Committee insists no more witnesses
other Senate Republicans are saying if
the allegation is ultimately shown to be
true that could mean Cavanaugh would not
get confirmed
is it disqualifying
I would I would think if the incident
occurred as she described it that would
be disqualified I have a hard time
putting some money on the court that
tried to rape somebody
qualifying if the allegation was true
would be disqualifying for him as enough
true of course you see there are strong
statements by multiple senators that
what you just saw on your screen there
would be enough to sink the nomination
those views but of course it all circles
back to what we're talking about in the
first place what's true who do you
believe now Democratic senator mazie
Hirono a member of this pivotal
Judiciary Committee said this today I
expect the men in this country and the
men in this committee and many of them
believe me because we all signed on to
this letter to demand an FBI
investigation I just want to say to the
men in this country just shut up and
step up do the right thing I'm joined
now by Democratic congresswoman Jackie
Speier as well as Michelle Goldberg
who's covered the carbon ions for the
New York Times over in Carmona senior
correspondent and New York Magazine and
a former colleague of ours who broke the
story on sexual harassment allegations
against Charlie Rose I should also note
she's the co-author of a wonderful book
with a wonderful title notorious RBG the
life and times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg
also on our panel of experts tonight
Alexis McGill Johnson a board member a
Planned Parenthood Action Fund thanks to
each of you as we see there in the
opening comments that I just played
there is movement there is faster
movement of concern about what to do if
this accuser is telling the truth then
there was in the India needed Hill
hearing something we've been talking
about continuously this week so
congresswoman I start with you your view
of what you heard from your colleagues
in the Senate there what are we doing
better and what are we not doing well
enough yet I think it's really important
for the Senators to do a little research
the National sexual violence Resource
Center has an exhaustive research on all
the studies that have been done and they
have said that anywhere between 2 to 8%
of claims are false no one comes forward
today
certainly not professor Ford knowing
what she is
going to have to undergo without doing
it for all of the right reasons
I have every reason to believe her and
the American people have got to start
believing the women who come forward
because the men will always deny it but
no woman comes forward not at this point
in her life certainly - to have herself
be filled with so much scrutiny and
blasted by so many people and really
have her career challenged on so many
levels Michelle you know I understand
that I'm sure that there are many even
men watching this who will say well
obviously you can't just let kind of a
man's whole career be derailed every
time any woman accuses him of anything
but I think it's important to note that
that's not what's happening here that
she although in a certain sense you're
kind of never going to have definitive
proof or you're almost never gonna have
definitive proof of something like this
that happened 36 years ago but there are
a lot of pieces of evidence you know it
I think it's important to note that she
was talking about this to her therapist
who her husband well before Brett
Kavanaugh was on any Supreme Court short
lists that she tried to kind of reach
out to people to head off this
nomination before he was actually
nominated to the Supreme Court so it
wasn't that she was just somebody who
was going to blow up her own life in to
try to stop whoever Donald Trump had put
forward and I also think it's really
really significant that Mark judge who
was who she says was in the room has
said today that he not just that he
doesn't remember but he will not testify
under oath which i think is really
telling I mean he won't even go and say
I don't remember under oath well and
Michelle you just mentioned the the
prospect or the counter-argument when
people talk about having a career
destroyed of course that's not the
question here there there is not as we
covered last night there is not a
discussion about impeaching the judge
from the DC Circuit which is a big job
that most people don't ever get removing
him from office disappearing him from
public life if he ultimately does not
move forward and we're just covering
what's going to happen we don't know but
Michelle if he doesn't move forward he
would ultimately end up in the same
place as Merrick gar
a person who was nominated from the DC
Circuit who didn't join the court and
who goes back to the DC Circuit Michele
right there's certain there's no kind of
civil right or due process right to a
seat on the Supreme Court
Iran Iran excuse me well all right
you're a lawyer and I'm a journalist and
we both know that process really matters
we just heard from a whole bunch of
senators saying that if this were true
that they would consider this
disqualifying well how are they going to
know it's true without there being an
adequate investigation I mean I can't
speak to those two investigations the
Charlie Rose ones that you mentioned
they were published at the Washington
Post and I can speak to they're
extremely rigorous editorial processes
that before this woman's story was given
a platform in the Washington Post they
went through as much corroboration as
possible and they checked it out
thoroughly that's at the FBI and the
Senate can do them one better if they
establish a process here where they
could actually find out you know they
could actually use their subpoena power
with Mark judge they could actually
interview the other people which she
haven't been named publicly but what she
named to the Washington Post that she
says were at the party
those people have yet to emerge publicly
she'd they could talk to the therapist
they could talk to experts about how you
know it's really common for victims of
trauma - not necessarily remember key
details let me pause you yeah let me
pause you to just build on your point
about simply subpoena power we're
speaking at a time where the president
it√≠d States is using extraordinary and
controversial powers to try to get
documents related to the Miller probe
and surveillance out of the public
domain people are debating that the
Congress is debated subpoena all sorts
of people for what are less than
lifetime appointments the Supreme Court
and you're putting your finger on the
fact that there doesn't seem to be a
push on the Senate side to subpoena the
people who might be in a position to
testify under oath about what happened
if they only call one woman who has come
forward publicly and Brett Kavanaugh who
has already had many many people testify
as to his character do they really want
to find out what happened here or are
they setting this up as a kind of rote
process where they check the box and
then they're already scheduling the vote
right after and so I think if people
really do want to know
what happened and if we want to take the
Senators at their word why aren't they
setting up an investigative process that
would actually allow us to come closer
to the truth than we've been able to so
far Alexis
absolutely I agree completely we need an
independent investigation here not a
cross-examination of Professor Ford the
burden of proof is going to be on
Kavanagh
to Michelle's point he is not guaranteed
a lifetime appointment to the Supreme
Court this is a job interview this is
not a you know a trial on as to whether
or not he did this is about the quality
of his character and and putting him in
a position that is going to affect
millions and millions of Americans most
importantly millions and millions of
women and so if this is something that
that is that the GOP is so focused on
rushing to get to the vote because quite
frankly they fear what will happen
during the midterms that they are not
even willing to have a a real
independent investigation to understand
what happened and to get all of these
other data points together for this most
important lifetime appointment I don't
see how else you can call it in
congresswoman I want to play a
perspective from the other side a
conservative woman who was on our air
Danielle played just moments ago
responding to some of the hard-hitting
ads from liberal groups which I know
that you and the Congress don't control
you always emphasize that but that are
hard hitting on Cavanaugh before the
fact-finding has all occurred take a
listen to her concern I have to question
the fact that there's no other evidence
and that we are watching commercials
about this man
as if he is a serial rapist you know
someone once said where do I go to get
my reputation back that's a reasonable
question to ask
congresswoman well I would I would
answer by saying that first of all let's
talk about dr. Ford's reputation and I
think it's really important for us to
recognize that this is going to be a
replay of Anita Hills testimony before
the Judiciary Committee back in 1991 if
all that it takes place is that each of
them testified before the committee I
agree with every one of the panelists
needs to be an investigation there is a
rush to judgment going on here and
scheduling this appearance on Monday and
not doing any investigation not having
the FBI look into this suggests to me
and I think to most women that this is
an absolute rigged operation
Alexus take a listen to what dr. Ford's
lawyer said about what she will and
won't do she's willing to cooperate what
she is not willing to do is to be part
of this bloodletting that happens in
Washington we only need to look at the
need to hel hearings to know what that's
going to look like and that's not a fair
way to get at the truth you add that to
concerns today that she may not
necessarily be in a position to show up
on Monday notwithstanding the difficult
indeed heart wrenching decisions that go
into that which I don't think anyone can
second-guess from the outside on a
personal level that does leave the
committee and the Senate with a big open
question if there is not testimony under
oath from both sides what should happen
then Alexis first they scheduled this
hearing before they knew she was
available right I mean so clearly that's
proof that they're trying to push this
through but Planned Parenthood we see
survivors of sexual assault everyday in
our clinics and our health centers and
it's no surprise to us that 80% of
sexual assault goes unreported because
it is such a difficult traumatic
experience to have to relive and to have
to relive on a public stage so first I
just say I admire dr. Ford's bravery
tremendously I think if she is not ready
to come forward on Monday the only
choice for such a critical position in
our and our government is to delay the
hearing and delay the vote there is no
other there's no other way around it we
need an investigation and we need people
to call call that to action but what
what do you do it ran if she doesn't
want to come forward at all which again
is her right but leaves the Senate with
kind of a middle position or a middle
point in the investigation I mean that
does seem to be the Republican tactic
right they seem to be said
investigation on their terms in the most
limited way possible setting a date
without any kind of consultation from
her and then you're already starting to
hear people like Chuck Grassley the
Senate Judiciary Chairman say things
like well if she doesn't show up what
does that mean
and they're trying to impute her
integrity cast aspersions on her and
look I think the the notion that this
process is rigged I think if the facts
speak for themselves if Republicans feel
like they need to hold a hearing then
they need to do it properly if they
think there needs to be investigated
they need to do it properly if she
doesn't show up it's possible that she
will then say I will testify under these
circumstances we haven't heard from her
yet and I think that there's a lot of
facts that we still don't have yet in
Congress woman before I let you go I
wanted to play a little bit more of
judge Cavanaugh speaking in a different
context because a lot of what's being
adjudicated through this is what do you
set the standards for when people talk
about a long time ago when they were
quote-unquote young when they were in
school when they were quote-unquote
roughhousing we've seen the President of
the United States as a candidate try to
reduce bragging about sexual assault to
so-called quote locker room talk when in
fact it would be the element of a
confession when you look at the actual
words used and so there seems to be an
evolution or a learning process going on
if you want to put it in the best
possible sense so take a listen to Judge
Cavanaugh talking about an attempted
joke or what not about keeping quiet
about whatever did go on in school take
a look we had good saying that we've
held firm to the to this day as the Dean
was reminding me before before the talk
which is what happens at Georgetown Prep
stays at Georgetown forever
that's been a good thing for all of us
how does that kind of talk fit in
Congresswoman nowadays because it seems
to go back to the underlying claim if
true that kind of talk in a collective
setting is very concerning
if completely false if you want to play
out that I pathetical then it's just one
more statement or joke your view it's a
hard one to try and way
because if it was a joke if it's a joke
if it is more in keeping with a culture
that was treating Georgetown Prep like
it was a frat and they would engage in
all kinds of activities and parties that
you know that's another thing I think
the most important thing to remember
here though is that the hearings with
Anita Hill we're talking about sexual
harassment and as grave as that is we're
talking about an attempted sexual
assault here an attempted rape and it's
it's very it's very serious and we need
to make sure that is handled very
seriously and that the investigation
takes place and right now I don't think
there's an investigation going on about
this right well I think that's a point
that several of you have raised is
whether this is the appearance or
simulation of fact-finding by the the
Senate Republican majority in the Jewish
a committee or a real investigation the
difference being the difference between
night and day hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
