the Trump administration is rolling out
another round of tariffs this time
targeting 200 billion dollars worth of
Chinese goods the new wave of tariffs
will take effect next Monday September
24th the levy of 10% duty on a bunch of
imports it'll rise to 25% starting
January 1st 2019 among the new products
facing tariffs are everyday items like
vegetables fabrics and furniture meaning
you could be paying more for groceries
and other goods in the coming weeks in
the same statement the president says
phase three is ready in case of Chinese
retaliation that would put tariffs on
approximately 267 billion dollars of
additional imports from China and we can
now expect phase 3 to come out to come
to fruition because the Chinese Ministry
of Finance announced that new tariffs of
between five and ten percent on an
additional sixty billion dollars worth
of u.s. goods being imported to China
also taking effect September 24th in a
statement President Trump said his new
tariffs will counter fair unfair
practices by the Chinese against the US
and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said
this morning the new tariffs will even
the playing field between the two
countries trade talks were set to resume
in Washington next week with China is
now likely to cancel those the Chinese
say they've got no choice but to
retaliate meaning this trade war is
going to continue to escalate hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
