how long have it delay is acceptable
syrup on the hearings for judge a camera
there's some discussion that well there
may not be coming in on one day how long
I mean I think it's a great question
frankly we are looking to get this done
as quickly as possible he is a truly
outstanding person as you know he's got
an unblemished record this is a terrible
thing that took place and it's frankly a
terrible thing that this information
wasn't given to us a long time ago
months ago when they got it they could
have done that instead of waiting till
everything was finished and then all of
a sudden spring it but that's what the
Democrats do that's what they do it's
obstruction it's resistant so whatever
you have to do with all of that being
said it's a process and we all feel
speaking for all of the Republicans we
feel that we want to go through this
process and we want to give everybody a
chance to say what they have to say so
we have time available we will delay the
process until it's finished out I guess
we've invited everybody I know I can
tell you this that Judge Cavanaugh is
anxious to do it I don't know about the
other party but Judge Cavanaugh is very
anxious to do it and a delay is
certainly acceptable we want to get to
the bottom of everything we want
everybody to be able to speak up and to
speak out the fact is though this should
have been done a long time ago and when
senator Feinstein had the judge
Cavanaugh in her office for a long time
she never even mentioned this and that
was a long time ago never even mentioned
it so why wouldn't you bring this up
when he is sitting in her office for a
pretty extended period of time so it's
unfortunate he is an incredible man he's
an incredible intellect he will make an
incredible Supreme Court justice but we
feel that we want to go through a
process we want to hear both sides
is the FBI to open its file I don't
think the FBI really should be involved
because they don't want to be involved
if they want it to be I would certainly
do that but as you know they say this is
not really their thing but I think
politically speaking the senators will
do a very good job they really will
they're going to open it up and they
will do a very good job security pollen
to me almost as important as it is to
this man I can't say as well it is
demoted and I hope that it will build
forts Trump in pulling together after
presidents you know what it's very
important to me extremely important
they're very special people it's a very
special country it's very brave country
I think one of my best moments was
making that speech in Poland people
liked me and I liked them they're very
very exceptional people the security of
Poland is very important to me and it's
very important to our country we're
gonna say we want transparency what I
want is I want total transparency this
is a witch-hunt
Republicans are seeing it the Democrats
know it's a witch hunt too but they
don't want to admit it because that's
not good politics for them but it's a
terrible witch hunt and it's hurt our
country and the things that have been
found over the last couple of weeks
about text messages back and forth are a
disgrace to our nation and I want
transparency and so does everybody else
says you know congressional committees
came to me and they wanted this and I
did it based on their request but I
think it's a good thing because we
should open it up for people to see
thank you very much everybody
thank you
specifically I haven't wanted to I think
it's something that he will do very well
I think specifically I haven't wanted to
speak to judge Cavanaugh because I knew
somebody would ask me the same question
that you asked me have you spoken to
judge Cavanaugh so specifically I
thought it would be a good thing not to
he can handle himself better than
anybody he's very outstanding man thank
you thank you oh I'm totally supportive
yes I'm very supportive he's a I would
say few people that I've ever seen and
that I've ever known and I know people
of great success have been so
outstanding as judge Cavanaugh I don't
want to say that maybe I'll say that in
a couple of days but not now thank you
very much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
