there's no one definition of what
leadership is you have to understand
what it is that the challenge that you
face requires presidents has to decide
are they going to be mirrors of who we
are or are they going to be molders
leadership can't happen when everybody
is moving in the same direction you
can't really show leadership if
everybody's already moving in the
direction you want people to go that's
not leadership that's one with the flow
you have to connect to the people that
you are leading what do I do
that is right right for the country not
right for me politically that's a look
at the new Yahoo News 13 part series
that's out today it's called when
presidents lead and joining us now is
the editor-in-chief of Yahoo News Daniel
Clyde Minh also as you saw one of the
historians featured in the series
Pulitzer Prize winning author and
presidential historian Doris Kearns
Goodwin she's out with a new book
leadership in turbulent times it is out
today good morning to you both
congratulations on the congratulations
on the series we were actually talking
about presidential leadership last week
at this time with Bob Woodward as he
related it to what's happening in the
current White House and he sort of said
that leadership in a way is a remains an
underrated presidential characteristic
because it's a little bit intangible
it's difficult to measure but it might
just be the most important without a
question it's the most important I think
what we're feeling today and the anxiety
and the sense of breaking news and not
having a sense to keep up with what's
happening is an absence of leadership I
mean what leadership is you pull your
team together you're working toward a
common cause you have a temperament
that's able to share credit for success
to take blame when something goes wrong
you can control your emotions
you've got humility you've got empathy
you've got resilience we know what those
qualities are temperamental qualities
they've made the leaders in the past and
I think the reason we're feeling this
sense today is that we don't feel them
there's such chaos here in Washington I
think if history has a passion for me
it's to tell people we've been through
these terrible times before we can get
through them again if we have leaders
and if the citizens are active and we
don't need to feel like this is the end
we're never going to go back to what we
once had we're going to go back there
someday
all right that's an encouraging note so
Daniel why did you want to take on this
question of leadership your first
episode out today is about FDR you've
got all the a-listers in it you've got
doors so you got Meacham why did you
focus on FDR first well look first of
all
Doris use the team metaphor which is I
think exactly the right one in our
introductory essay we talk about
this is not about president's putting
boards putting points up on the board
for their own team it's about
transcending partisanship and bringing
the country together and did you think
doing things for the whole country well
look FDR
because he faced the greatest challenge
in the 20th century and he summoned all
of his talents to be able to meet that
challenge and doors doors and her books
talks about some of those
characteristics that you need for
leadership ambition
you know moral purpose a kind of
selflessness which sometimes seems a
little contradictory with ambition but
sometimes those things have to go
together
and FDR exemplified all of those
qualities and of course and ability to
to to bring the country together Joe
yeah you know Doris sometimes will
exaggerate the crises that leaders faced
not talking about you but just we have a
natural tendency to tell the story so
the punchline so much greater but the
man you have on the cover Abraham
Lincoln I think we've actually glossed
over just how turbulent his times were
very few Americans realized that in 1864
in the spring of that year he didn't he
wasn't even sure his own party was going
to give him the nomination to run for
re-election
though it was a war without end and
Lincoln thought that he was going to be
a one-term failed president you're
absolutely right Jo in fact that's a
forgotten part I think of the Lincoln
story because we somehow look at how
tough it was when he first came in the
Civil War is just beginning he said if
I'd ever thought it was going to be as
difficult as this I wouldn't have
thought I could have lived through it
but then he goes through that same
period of crisis in 1864 especially in
the summer so many thousands of people
have died there's a sense of paralysis
that we haven't been able to capture
delete Lee's army grant is stuck in in
in Virginia and they come to him the
Republicans come to him and they say
there's no way you're gonna win in the
fall unless you're willing to compromise
on emancipation if you start peace talks
and you say well we'll just go back to
the Union forget emancipation now you
can win otherwise you'll lose and he
said I wanted to win so much it would be
an affirmation of my leadership
but he said I would be damned in time
and eternity if I turned the black
soldiers back into slavery so they leave
and they're so disconsolate and then
chance comes into play which often
happens Atlanta is taken the whole mood
of the north changes and he wins the
election but he wanted with emancipation
and Union intact his twin goals because
he had the courage at that moment those
are the moments you look for in a leader
when they put the ambition for the
country this is partly but you were
saying above the ambition for the south
it always starts with the self ambition
has to be there but then sometimes it
gets transferred to some bigger
fulfillment and it did with old Abe
Lincoln for sure so so what what did
Abraham Lincoln have that that moved him
he was very pragmatic at the start of
the war he said my only goal is is
preserving the Union if that means have
slave half free I will do that and yet
he moved from 61 through 64 to a point
where he was willing to sacrifice all
and a lot of American lives to free
slaves wait wait what was it about him
well when he finally realized was that
the union that he was trying to preserve
could never really be the union that he
wanted it to be or the country needed it
to be and less slavery was part of the
equation at the beginning he thought he
had nothing he could do about slavery
because it was ensconced in the
Constitution in the States but then as
he went to visit the soldiers he would
go to the active battlefield day after
day because he wanted to talk directly
to the people who were fighting and he
began to see how the Confederate were
being helped enormously by slaves who
were helping their cause so he goes to
the soldiers home that summer and he
starts to think he would wrestle a
thought and he realized I am a
commander-in-chief military necessity
can help me to end slavery because I can
argue that the slaves are helping the
Confederates so to balance that out if
we end slavery it will help us as a
military necessity and then once he
issued that Emancipation Proclamation
got his team around him half the team
thought it was a terrible thing the
other half thought he should have done
it right away then it became a part of
him he said if ever my soul when he
signed the Emancipation Proclamation he
said if ever my soul were in an act it
is in this act but his hand was shaking
because that morning he had shaken a
thousand hands at a New Year's reception
so he
puts the pen down he said I cannot sign
with a shaking hand or cost arity will
say he hesitated so he waited and waited
until he could sign with a bold clear
hand and he said at that moment that
this act is where everything that he has
done will come to rest upon he had been
a near suicidal depression many years
before and his best friend had been with
him and he brings his best friend back
he said remember that talk when I
thought that my life was coming to an
end and I said that I wanted to live so
that at least something I did could be
remembered by maybe with this act my
dream has come true so it became a part
of who he was and he never went back on
it never for a moment you know daniel
wood is we talk about leadership and
we've talked principally about two great
leaders in our history Lincoln and
Roosevelt both of these leaders knew
that they were what they were going to
be asked to do Lincoln knew he had he
knew he was going to be asked to
preserve the Union Roosevelt knew that
we were already immersed in a Great
Depression he was going to be asked to
lead the nation out of depression but
there's another type of leadership that
when it happens when it is dropped on
you like Lyndon Johnson the president
the United States is assassinated in
Dallas Texas and he becomes President of
the United States and he has got to lead
the nation through mourning and then
through progress absolutely and Lyndon
Johnson is a great example because you
know his great moment of leadership
which we show in this in this video
series is civil rights and passing the
1964 Civil Rights Act most people may
not know that when he was in the Senate
he was he voted with segregationists he
was not a great civil rights leader but
after Kennedy was assassinated
LBJ realized that he needed to bring the
country behind a big cause and here's a
classic example of someone who acted to
start with on the basis of ambition he
wanted to do great things it was not
necessarily a case of selflessness or
even necessarily moral purpose at first
but over time that's what it became and
through his
you know amazing legislative abilities
and his force of personality he was able
to bring the country together and at the
end of the day the historian john dharma
in our series in our in our LBJ video
says he became ultimately the most
important Democratic president when it
came to racial equality in civil rights
and he met the moment oh how we would
love to have heard that if only he had
heard that before he died there was such
sadness in him in that last couple of
that's the tragedy of his presidency is
at the end it was overwhelmed by Vietnam
although I think history will remember
him for what he did on civil rights
Soros one of the most overused words in
political and analysis these days seems
to be unprecedented that we've never
been here before that these times are
unique it's never been as bad as you say
these are not the worst of times for all
the reasons Mike just laid out from
Lincoln to FDR up to to LBJ a hopeful
note for our viewers today what can good
and strong leadership do in a moment
where the country feels like it's going
this way I think it's a combination of
the leader and the citizens when you
think about all the changes that took
place for social justice Abraham Lincoln
said I don't want to be called The
Liberator
it's the anti-slavery movement that did
it all it's the progressive movement
that got through FDR and Teddy Roosevelt
the civil rights movement without which
Lyndon Johnson could not have done what
he did the women's movement the gay
movement so we as citizens have to
realize we have responsibility for the
situation we're finding ourselves in
right now that's where I feel that has a
passion for history I have to tell
people we can do something all these
situations it was the citizen and the
leader working together and that that
sense of not being a spectator not just
going through the breaking news not just
saying here's what we're in and we can't
get out of this we can change this where
FDR said man creates problems man can
change problems and solve problems we
have to believe that again we have to
have the confidence that this political
system of ours isn't working the way we
want it to and it needs big big changes
and there are a lot of people in this
country taking that advice right now as
well the new book leadership in
turbulent times is out today you can bet
it's worth your time if Doris Kearns
Goodwin wrote it great to see Doris
thanks so much and the new Yahoo series
when presidents lead is out today as
well Daniel Clayton and thanks so much
good to see you thank you
coming up president Trump fires another
shot and his trade war with China this
morning Beijing says it has no choice
but to fire back we'll discuss what this
means for American consumers ahead on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
