let me explain exactly what I'm talking
about as of this morning early voting is
underway in 29 states Hawaii Louisiana
Utah all kicking off today but it is the
numbers that are getting people's
attention take Texas for example on
Monday Harris County residents that's
home to Houston set a new record for the
first day of early voting nearly
doubling the previous record in fact
Harris County saw more votes on day one
than in either the 2008 or 2012
presidential elections okay you say
that's because President Trump was out
there campaigning but it's pretty much
the same story all over the place in
North Carolina the first five days saw
more votes cast than in 2016 same thing
in Minnesota the Secretary of State
there said the level of participation is
quote off the charts in Georgia the
number of people heading to the polls on
day one of early voting was triple what
it was during the midterm of 2014 in one
Indiana County the rate was 10 times
higher than it was four years ago
and one more significant thing all of
this talk of a Blueway well it's been
Republicans who have come out the most
in this early voting according to data
provided by target smart and analyzed by
NBC News the number of GOP voters
surpasses Democrats in seven out of
eight key states that in most states
it's not even particularly close in
Florida Republicans are outpacing
Democrats by six points in Georgia nine
points in Texas where the president
campaigned for Ted Cruz yesterday 10
points in Arizona where Martha McSally
and Kyrsten Sinema
are in a dead heat the early vote favors
Republicans by 11% in Indiana the lead
it's 12 points in Montana where Matt
Rosendale is trying to beat the
incumbent Democratic senator Jon Tester
it's a 17 point advantage for
Republicans and in Tennessee the number
of Republican early voters are you ready
33 points higher than the Democrats
Democrats lead in early voting in only
one state Nevada now it's not clear
whether the president is driving all
this but he certainly has been front and
center on the campaign trail this month
and he's also been more and more bold in
stretching the truth or in some cases
just blatantly lying about his
administration and his Democratic
opponents on everything from
entitlements to tax cuts to the caravan
and sanctuary cities the president has
told lie after lie and instead of
pitching a positive message he has
stoked fear about an unpredictable and
potentially dangerous world here's just
some of what he had to say last night
the Democrats want to replace freedom
with socialism instead of a tax cut
you're gonna have a big beautiful tax
raise in that Caravan you have some very
bad people that is an assault on our
country if Ted doesn't win your second
amendments going to be in trouble big
trouble
today's democrat party would rather
protect criminal aliens than American
citizens Democrat sanctuary cities
release violent criminals from jail and
straight into your neighborhoods ms-13
killers they don't like using guns
because it's too quick they like cutting
people up slicing them the Democrats are
a big risk to the American family and
our country cannot afford to take those
kind of risks
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
