as we've been reporting rescue
operations are still underway in the
Carolinas incredible flooding there
close to a thousand water rescues have
been made in North Carolina alone
the catastrophic flooding making travel
impossible in some areas and nearly
15,000 people are already staying in 150
shelters across the state
California's Governor Jerry Brown
announcing late Friday in the face of
global warming of climate change and of
what he calls the lack of a federal
response that the state of California is
going to send its own satellite into
orbit to trap track the progress of
climate change which of course is
causing hurricanes to be stronger and
more severe I talked to Jerry Brown at
his global climate action summit late
Friday a gathering of state local and
world leaders we're in the midst of
hurricanes and the aftermath of
hurricanes and you still have the
president of United States denying the
science of climate change how do you
counteract that well first I want to say
it's it's really extraordinary that the
president can deny science like that but
he's in some some of the other
taro I wanna what's the word I don't
even have an adjective so it's it's bad
and how we counteract it is with this
climate summit with normal people
respecting the truth and communicating
that with other normal people and
combating the President of the United
States in what are lies distortions and
quite frankly bizarre behavior so we
have to keep at it and I'm glad you gave
me a chance to answer your question
because we can't say it enough the
president is just wrong the the
hurricanes are more severe the wildfires
are more severe the storm surge is worse
because sea levels are rising talk to me
about what we are physically
experiencing here in the United States
and around the world that proves that
everyone who predicted that this would
happen well I would say we'll just be
experiencing
very early beginnings of climate change
the forest fires in California which are
worse than any other time to record in
history it's really just unfortunately
it's the beginning but as the carbon
builds up and it builds up very rapidly
we'll have more droughts more fires more
storms more intense storms more trouble
and the worst part is more migration
we're going to have people moving from
their land that will no longer produce
enough food so the world leaders have
got to wake up now the exit from the
Paris climate agreement isn't official
and binding till 2020 but what is the
impact already internationally of the
United States having said we're out of
it
so Trump is an enabler we offer here
that term enabler he's in the neighbor
of climate negligence and climate
avoidance so that's what's bad about it
because we have to make sure than all
these other countries whether it's
Russia or Poland or in South America
Brazil whatever that think it is
everybody's got to step up and the
president United States should be the
cheerleader the exemplar and instead
he's the saboteur and that's tragic here
at the climate conference you face
protesters the Democratic Party has
divisions how do you handle that but
some people say you're not even at
despite your leadership on this issue
that you're not doing enough we're not
doing enough no it is I do believe that
we're doing more than anyone else and
that's not enough so the protesters want
to get the oil out of the ground get it
into the ground faster and I think
that's a noble thought but I think what
we're seeing in the protests you're
gonna see more incoherent disruptive
reactions because people are gonna say
gee if this climate change keeps going
it could be
very deteriorated world so kids are
gonna react
and they're gonna do whatever they can
to wake everyone up so i would take
these protests as a wake-up call it was
a governor how do you feel when the
president the united states says that
nearly 3,000 people did not die in
puerto rico even though it was the
result of a scientific study and says
that it was a democratic conspiracy to
claim all these deaths well the problem
is we we never had a president who is
engaged in this kind of behavior i mean
he's not telling the truth he keeps
changing his mind he's you know
sabotaging the world order in many
respects so it's unprecedented
it's dangerous and hopefully this
election is going to send a strong
message to the country the democrats
will win and then trump well something's
gotta happen to this guy because if we
don't get rid of him he's gonna
undermine america and even the world
what a democratic candidates say in
let's say Indiana in West Virginia and
other states where you've got the Donald
Trump when he campaigned getting the
coal miners and others to feel that this
is all threatening their livelihoods
it's a real problem I mean Trump won
West Virginia 85 percent that's real in
any politician asked to deal with that
so the rest of the country has got to
find ways of keeping their ambition and
raising it to take the climate action
but in terms of these other coal impacts
the countries we're gonna have to find
real dollar investments to help those
people before we can say okay we're
shutting your coal down well we better
have a good program do you see any
Democratic leaders rising up who can
take on this this president in 2020 if
he's running or not you're kind of not
yet but there's time so I hope those
Democrats running around will we'll see
the problem in a very sophisticated way
find the language and the issues to win
over the American people because it's
not just something you just start
talking about this is difficult because
climate change is a transformation and
Trump is very clever
a real animal cunning and I don't
underestimate him for a minute so
anybody who wants to run against them
they're taking on a very big challenge
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
