right now Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh is at the White House as
cracks appear in the Republican support
for the Supreme Court nominee just days
before the Judiciary Committee is
scheduled to vote on his nomination to
the Supreme Court
over the weekend dr. Christine glossy
came forward in the Washington Post
identifying herself as the woman who in
July sent a confidential letter to
Senator Dianne Feinstein the ranking
Democrat on the Judiciary Committee in
which bla C al alleges that Cavanaugh a
sexually assaulted her in the 1980s when
the two were in high school
NBC News hasn't spoken directly with her
or seen the letter but as you just heard
her lawyer told Savannah Guthrie this
morning that Blasi considers the act
attempted rape in a statement this
morning Cavanaugh denied the allegation
adding because this never happened I had
no idea who was making this accusation
until she identified herself yesterday I
am willing to talk to the Senate
Judiciary Committee in any way the
committee deems appropriate to refute
this false allegation from 36 years ago
and defend my integrity so let's look at
how Republicans are responding to the
allegations against Cavanaugh over the
weekend Senator Jeff Flake who sits on
the Senate Judiciary Committee that's
why this is important told The
Washington Post quote I've made it clear
that I'm not comfortable moving ahead
with the vote on Thursday if we have not
heard her side of the story or explored
this further Republican retiring
Republican senator bob Corker told
MSNBC's Casey hunt quote they should
give her a chance to be heard I really
think that it's best for all involved
including the nominee and key swing vote
lisa murkowski was asked by CNN if the
committee should delay the vote vote and
she said that might be something they
might have to consider at least having
that discussion and when following swing
vote Susan Collins she was asked the
same thing she told CNN I'm going to be
talking to my colleagues but I don't
really have anything to add at this
point here's a bit more of her responses
to the allegation itself well I
obviously was very surprised
and it's it's an issue that I brought up
with him last Friday and he denied as he
did in his written statement that's
really all I have to say at this point
do you believe the accuser
all right Sunday afternoon South
Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham released
a statement saying quote if the
committee is to hear from Miss Blasi it
should be done immediately so that the
process can continue as scheduled
now that's Republicans on the Democratic
side all 10 members of the Judiciary
Committee are now calling for Thursday's
vote to be delayed that's up from these
seven Democrats we had heard from as of
this morning there's been some issue
made of the timing of this revelation
because it came just five days before
this Thursday's judiciary committee vote
on Kavanagh nearly two months after
Blasi sent her letter through a
congresswoman to the Judiciary Committee
ranking Democrat Dianne Feinstein but
let's flashback if you will
to 1992 when an affidavit submitted by
law professor Anita Hill to the Senate
Judiciary Committee was leaked to the
press a month after its submission that
news dropped just two days before the
full Senate was to vote on Thomas's
nomination the all-male judiciary
committee was all men back then quickly
called professor Hill to testify at a
hearing today's committee actually
includes four women but any decision on
judge Kavanagh would be in the hands of
eleven men because these eleven men are
the only Republicans on the committee
there are zero women in the Senate
Judiciary Committee's Republican
majority Steff joining us now Emma brown
The Washington Post reporter who broke
this story and MSNBC senior politics
editor Beth phooey all right that the
president was elected
despite comments that he made on the
record that would destroy any other
candidate I mean do you remember the
damaged textbooks of women did to Mitt
Romney let's share what President Trump
said I want to share the sound
it's like a magnet I don't know way
anyone you're a star they let you do it
you can do anything whatever you want
grab them by the when you're a star you
can do it you can do anything remember
he went backstage at pageants with
teenage girls because he could see them
undress well you know Donald Trump sort
of the man of no consequence this things
that happened to him he gets away with
that other people don't but look this is
a slightly different situation I mean
that information we knew about Donald
Trump and yet voters decided to go ahead
and elect him president it's not as
though the information wasn't out there
for voters to assess this is a disparate
situation this is a lifetime appointment
to the Supreme Court this is not a
something that is subject to voter voter
well or voter whim that's why it's got
to be taken more seriously right and the
Republicans when Merrick garland was put
up for the Supreme Court made a big
point about the fact that there's an
election coming and that the voters
should you know the implication is that
voters should have input into what
Supreme Court decisions are going to
look like so I guess there's that and
that may be influencing at least the two
senators who are not having to face an
election because they're retiring from
the Senate bob Corker and Jeff Flake
Jeff Flake saying that there should be
delay is monumental because he's on the
Senate Judiciary Committee which has a
one-vote majority Ally I believe Al
Franken was on the Senate Judiciary
Committee put into perspective the
amount of people including Lisa
Murkowski who called for Al Franken to
step down well we'll see I mean we've
actually seen a lot of Republicans now
more than I would have expected starting
to say maybe there ought to be a little
bit of a pause surprising because if you
think about it senator Grassley
yesterday he was at with a statement
within an hour of the Washington Post
article being published basically saying
the whole thing was a democratic plot
1/4 the nomination at the last minute
really didn't even consider the
substance of the allegation that much
over the course of the rest of the day
and into today we're seeing a little bit
more reflection it seems from
Republicans it's really up to Susan
Collins at this point for her to step
forward and just put the brakes on this
this is this is this is on her now and
the brakes are a pause are not withdraw
your nomination there's simply a pause
right we don't know what conversation is
going on in the White House right now
between Brett Kavanaugh
and the president but I I'm puzzled why
we all back in two corners on this sort
of thing Beth I mean we don't know what
the truth is here there's a there's an
allegation there is a refuting of the
allegation let's go to Emma Emma brown
who is at the Washington Post it is kind
of interesting because you've been
reporting on this about what the
allegation is and about what what Brett
Kavanagh has said back we don't have any
evidence of anything yet we don't have
proof so why people are saying that the
allegations must be untrue is a bit
puzzling to me yeah well I think I mean
obviously this this dr. Ford came
forward an incredibly politicized moment
so that probably has something to do
with the strong feelings what I can tell
you that she first contacted us here at
the Washington Post before Brett
Kavanaugh was the nominee he at that
point was on the shortlist it was early
July and she was terrified she did not
want to use her name in the paper she
didn't want she did not want to speak
publicly yet but she wanted to tell
somebody this story of what had happened
to her
and so we spoke off the record which of
course means you know I've got an email
today asking why didn't why didn't we
investigate I did investigate as much as
I could without betraying her confidence
at that point because I promised her I
would not tell her story she did the
same thing of course she sent a letter a
confidential letter to senator Feinstein
and she says Feinstein also honored her
request to keep that secret until until
stories started trickling out last week
that there was a secret document and so
on and then it snowballed from there can
we explain that sort of in a bit more
detail because many are saying this is
hyper politicized it's two days before
his confirmation if Diane Feinstein was
aware of this since July why didn't she
take action can you just help us
understand that a bit more because what
she was doing was respecting dr. Ford's
wishes right from dr. Ford's perspective
she she sent a letter to duck to senator
Feinstein that clearly said I want this
to be kept private and confidential
this is not to be shared and so from dr.
Ford's perspective Feinstein honored
that request and that's why she didn't
take action yes this is inherently
obviously political because it's a
politicized process right the
confirmation of Supreme Court hearings
is political the same things were said
when Anita Hill came forward because it
was very close it was two days before
the full Senate vote not even two days
before the Judiciary Committee vote back
in 1991 and the same things were said
about her and the same machines went
into play to to to criticize her and to
undermine her credibility right I mean
there was a lot of things that were
similar a lot of things different of
course I mean that was a Republican
President George W Bush 41's R George W
George Bush 41 who nominated Clarence
Thomas Oh Republican president extended
controlled by Democrats so the Judiciary
Committee was controlled by Democrats
now the former Vice President Joe Biden
was in charge and then there was that
amazing hearing they did invite Anita
Hill to come and speak there was an
amazing hearing that we all remember all
men that all-male Judiciary Committee
grilling her senator Biden coming under
then senator Biden coming under quite a
bit of criticism actually because he
didn't bring forward some witnesses who
could have corroborated her story and so
basically sort of left Anita Hill there
to just be all alone in front of this
all-male tribunal trying to get to the
bottom of things and then yes Clarence
Thomas was was confirmed a couple days
later with the support of eleven
Democrats let's remember the Senate is
much much much more polarized than it
was back then back then there was sort
of this sense of advice and consent that
typical Senate roll that that's what
they do they allow presidents to confirm
the judicial nominees that they want
there the president United States so
that was still a bit and play back then
as we now know now it's really very
different if everything's political the
Supreme Court justice nomination process
is as political as it gets
does that mean they can or cannot go if
you're Republicans go to Clarence
Clarence Thomas root and push this
forward because again you could simply
slow this down right Matt Miller on
Twitter earlier today said this is black
and white you believe her or you believe
him that's not necessarily the case many
people could say hold on let's simply
hear what this person has to say and
Brett Kavanaugh could potentially even
if he is absolutely innocent
I'd say let this person speak by
brushing it under the rug that's what
gives people such discomfort right we've
known that Mitch McConnell very much
wants to get this this done so they can
have that ninth justice on the court
when Mitch canopic in it's certainly not
and and Mitch McConnell
we're told raised some questions about
this nomination to begin with just
because of the long paper trail and such
however he does one hit it's his mission
is to have as many conservative jurors
as possible out there he wants this
ninth justice on the court for when the
court begins in October and it will see
if he decides that yes as you say
Stephanie why not just give it a few
more days and to go out if we can get a
little bit more information to
understand what's going on hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
