welcome back to belching rule a
desperate situation is unfolding right
now in the calorie Carolinas Florence is
weakening but officials are saying the
worst is still ahead you hear more
things exhausted residents are bracing
for even more flooding as the rain
continues and rivers rise to record
levels the storm now a tropical
depression is being blamed for a total
of 19 deaths and by the way great
reporting welcome hi this is but these
things this is what has happened now
these things become much more serious in
the aftermath crews are getting ready to
airlift food and water to residents in
Wilmington North Carolina but now an
island right rising floodwaters have cut
off the city from the rest of the state
on one side there's a there's sort of a
intercostal waterway that leads to a
barrier island the other side is the
Cape Fear River and more than 30 million
people are under a flash flood watch
right now with Florence still so massive
that it's covering parts of six states
as it now moves up the coast we've got
two reports beginning with NBC's Gabe
Gutierrez who's on a boat with the Coast
Guard in the town of Lumberton North
Carolina game what's happening where you
are hi Stephanie good morning well this
is one of the communities further inland
that is now dealing with some flooding
problems is all that rain rushes down
river in this community the Murphy
Mayfair community in Lumberton about 200
homes here Lumberton is one of those
towns population about 21,000 people
that was really hit hard by Hurricane
Matthew two years ago and this time it
is flooding again we just saw several
people that had been evacuated a mother
with her twins was evacuated by here by
the Coast Guard I'm joined now by Nathan
Cox with the US Coast Guard and Nathan
tell me you guys have been out here
since yesterday right how many people
have had to be evacuated from this
neighborhood roughly there's been close
to 12 to 20 that have been evacuated
many families they want to stay with
their homes that's their choice we do
our best to urge them to get out and to
come with us we're doing wellness checks
now we're going through the
neighborhoods knocking on doors and just
ensuring that all the citizens are safe
they need water food anything like that
so this as I mentioned is one of the
areas further inland this wasn't one of
the ones that you know near the coast
that had any wind damage or any of that
but the rain just recently stopped right
there was
here overnight and now the concern is
that some of these rivers may be rising
what are you seeing today in this area
and in the surrounding areas
yeah that's a great question there are
some neighborhoods that are still rising
and died and when the tide changes this
afternoon we're seeing the water levels
rise higher than they did yesterday it's
a little bit deceiving because I think
some people look at just the river
totals but what's happening these
tributaries and these outside waterways
are also collecting water and the
water's being pushed into neighborhoods
like this right and the lumbar River
crested about 25 feet or so that's at or
near records compared to Hurricane
Matthew and then Allie and Stephanie as
you know there's a big concern about the
Cape Fear River just north of here in
Fayetteville that forced some mandatory
evacuations so this is an ongoing
disaster here in this part of North
Carolina even though you know we kept
hearing over the past couple of days in
Allie I know you were in Myrtle Beach
but also Wilmington of course further
near the coast had all this damage
now these areas further inland these
neighborhoods are having to deal with it
as well and they may be dealing with a
few days as some of these rivers crest
in places like Lumberton alley all right
Gabe thanks for that coverage Gabe
Gutierrez for us
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
