first I want to go back and explain
exactly what is going on as of right now
the Senate Judiciary Committee is still
set to vote on his nomination on
Thursday but that could change two
Republican members of the committee Jeff
Flake and Lindsey Graham say they want
to hear more from Cavanaugh's accuser 51
year old psychology professor christine
Blasi Ford grant says that should happen
immediately so that the process can
continue as scheduled flake said quote
we cannot vote until we hear more this
morning Ford's attorney said she's ready
to go on record on Capitol Hill
take a look miss Katz is your client
willing to testify before the Judiciary
Committee publicly and tell this story
she is she's willing to do whatever it
takes to get her story forth yes and
before you say the White House is gonna
push this under the rug you're wrong
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway
said this morning that Ford should be
heard we make very clear on behalf of
the president of him I'm speaking at
length about this so put aside all the
nonsense it's on TV and in print for
people couldn't possibly be a source
familiar with his thinking
I see should not be ignored or insulted
she should be heard but I talked to
Senator Lindsey Graham and he said that
that could be done tomorrow so that we
can proceed forward and and that's
really we respect the process let me
explain what all of this is about Ford
is alleging that back in the 80s when
both she and Cavanaugh were teenagers
that the current nominee attacked her at
a party an incident she later described
as an attempted rape she described the
incident publicly to the Washington Post
on Sunday saying quote Cavanaugh pinned
her to a bed ant on her back and groped
her over her clothes grinding his body
against hers and clumsily attempting to
pull off her one-piece bathing suit and
the clothing she wore over it when she
tried to scream she said he put his hand
over her mouth quote I thought he might
inadvertently kill me said Ford he was
trying to attack me and remove my
clothing now we should make it clear
that NBC has not spoken to four directly
or seen her account of the incident Ford
did not tell anyone about it until 2012
when it came up in couples therapy with
her husband notes from her therapist at
the time reportedly include an account
of the incident but do not specifically
named Brett Kavanaugh she didn't reach
out to anyone else until this past
summer which he called the Washington
Post tip line and sent a letter to her
own congresswoman who then forwarded the
letter today on Feinstein but Feinstein
reportedly kept it hidden throughout
Cavanaugh's public confirmation hearing
at miss Ford's request the cause of that
Cavanaugh did not respond until Sunday
when he released a statement saying
quote I categorically and unequivocally
denied this allegation I did not do this
back in high school or anytime hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
