and we'll start with this very
complicated story this morning the
author of a confidential letter accusing
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of
sexual assault more than three decades
ago identified herself on Sunday
Christine Blasi Ford a 51 year old
research psychologist in Northern
California spoke publicly for the first
time about the allegations in a report
by The Washington Post Ford alleges that
one summer during high school in the
early 1980s Cavanaugh and a friend
drunkenly corralled her into a bedroom
during a gathering of teenagers at a
home in Montgomery County Maryland Ford
alleges Cavanaugh pinned her to a bed on
her back and groped her over her clothes
grinding his body against hers and
attempting to pull off her one-piece
bathing suit while his friend watched
and when she tried to yell he put his
hand over her mouth this is what she
says he did Ford told the Post quote I
thought he might inadvertently kill me
he was trying to attack me and remove my
clothing she said she was able to escape
after Cavanaugh's friend Marc judge
jumped on top of them she said she ran
from the room locked herself in a
bathroom for several minutes before
fleeing the house Ford said she told no
one about the incident in any detail
until 2012 during a therapy session with
her husband in an interview her husband
Russell Ford said that in the session he
recalled his wife using Cavanaugh's last
name and voicing concern that he might
one day be nominated to the Supreme
Court portions of the therapist notes
were provided by Ford to the Washington
Post but they did not mention
Cavanaugh's name the notes do mention
that she was attacked by students from
an elitist boys school who went on to
become highly respected in high-ranking
members of society in Washington now NBC
News does not possess nor has it
reviewed the notes Ford took a polygraph
test administered by a former FBI agent
in early August which concluded that
Ford was being truthful when she said a
statement summer
her allegations were accurate NBC News
has reached out but has not
independently confirmed Ford's
identification the author of the
Washington Post report Emma Braun will
join us shortly on Morning Joe
Brett Kavanaugh has denied the sexual
assault allegation when asked for
comment on the Washington Post piece the
White House issued cavanaugh statement
from Friday where he said quote I
categorically and unequivocally deny
this allegation I did not do this back
in high school or at any time
Cavanaugh's friend and classmate who
Ford alleges was in the room Marc judge
strongly denied the incident occurred on
Friday before Ford's name was known
judge told the Weekly Standard in an
interview quote it is just absolutely
nuts I never saw Brett act that way
judge did not respond to the Washington
Post for comment on Sunday let's stop
right there and put the brakes on and
Joe just give us a sense of what exactly
we're looking at here from 20,000 feet
there's just so many questions that both
sides are going to be asking politically
you look at this and you asked first of
all is for gonna want a hearing and if
she does want a hearing is the committee
vote going to allow them to have a
hearing some Republicans have already
come out and said there should be a
hearing if that's the case then
obviously the vote will be delayed what
is the impact of that
where does Mitch McConnell stand on this
where does the chairman of the committee
stand on it and you know Jim VandeHei
most importantly for Cavanaugh's fate
where do the women who identified
themselves as pro-choice women who were
already having a hard time with this
vote where do they stand on providing a
woman a hearing who I guess a better way
to say it is how do they politically not
stand in the way of a vote how do they
not demand a hearing
for a woman who claims that she was
afraid she was going to be killed by a
judge who if he's put on the Supreme
Court will be of course the deciding
vote in roe v wade it seems like for
these two Republican Women Lisa
Murkowski and Susan Collins they're
really in no position regardless of the
facts regardless of what the truth ends
up being of demanding that hearing yeah
and I think we already heard a little
bit from Susan Collins basically saying
she's disturbed both by how that if by
how it came about but also by the
allegation itself we've heard from Jeff
Flake we've heard a little bit from
Lindsey Graham it seems clear that that
the committee is gonna want to hear from
her well we're hearing from Republican
leadership sources this morning an
overnight was that they kind of want to
try to force this early this week force
a public hearing get her in there get
her testimony before the committee get
it done and still get a vote done this
week by us about Mitch McConnell
obviously pivotal he's going to decide
ultimately whether or not whether this
gets to the floor and gets done he's a
cold-blooded sort of vote counter if he
thinks they have the votes he's gonna
bring it to the floor he's gonna get it
through he's been working on this for
twenty years to get the court as
conservative as possible and Cavanaugh
is obviously one piece of that puzzle
well there is queasiness no doubt among
Republicans and I would say as the night
grew on the yesterday got more and more
queasy but they still feel at the end of
the day that Cavanaugh has denied it
that the other man who is apparently in
the room allegedly in the room has also
denied it and they think that's probably
going to be enough to put at ease
Republican senators there is a political
concern and it goes to your question Joe
about about Markowski or about Collins
Republicans behind the scenes are very
worried that they're increasingly
looking like the party of just white men
and if once again you have a bunch of
white male senators go through this
process especially they didn't hear from
her especially if they just shut down
the process they worry gosh we're gonna
lose even more of these suburban women
who are already turning on us because
they don't like the behavior of Donald
Trump so all this stuff is interrelated
and I think we're
no a lot more in the next 48 hours I
mean 50 days away around 50 days away
from from this election this this is
could be if not handled correctly by the
Republicans a political nightmare for a
Republican party who is already losing
suburban female voters Casey let me go
to you and Jim's right Mitch McConnell
is a cold calculating vote counter if he
thinks he has the votes he's going to
march forward but Jeff Flake has already
told him he doesn't have the votes he
said he wants to have a hearing I find
it hard to believe that we're gonna have
a hearing this week and a vote on
Thursday this this seems it seems like
things have gotten far more complicated
than with Jeff Flake and others Lindsey
Graham even talking about the need for a
hearing suddenly it's not going to be
smooth sailing for Mitch McConnell and
Republicans who understand if Cavanaugh
doesn't get through there's not going to
be another nominee for the Supreme Court
until after the 2018 election mm-hmm
yeah that's right Joe I mean there is no
way that to move somebody through this
process quickly enough for that and you
know Jeff Flake is taking a real stand
here and let's just you know be very
clear the first of these votes that has
to happen is in the committee it's 10 to
11 Republic Democrats to Republicans so
Jeff Flake by himself has stood in the
way of Cavanaugh moving forward so they
have to do something to make sure that
he his concerns have been addressed and
to echo what Jim VandeHei was saying
this conversation about okay she's got
to come and publicly testify that means
that dr. Ford has a very real decision
to make here I mean there has not been
you know an assurance that just because
she came forward and spoke to a reporter
and and was willing to put her name out
there that she's willing to go through
what it takes to come in publicly I mean
the cameras the mobs of people the sheer
spectacle that that would be and you
know we don't talk enough about how how
hard it is I mean the men here have
issued categorical
but if you're a woman in this case why
why would you come forward I mean her
entire life is gonna be completely
changed going forward because she did
this and I think you know for a lot of
women behind the scenes and there's been
a lot of you know conversations among
aides I talked to on the hill
reporters members of Congress you know
it's very important I think in this
cultural moment as well that they
consider what the perception is if
they're if they're seen as not listening
to and treating this woman's allegations
very seriously and for senators Collins
and Murkowski to I think the point you
made at the top is absolutely the right
one
from a political but also a personal and
human perspective they've already been
under such pressure on this nomination
already are they really going to be
willing to take the arrows for the
Republican Party over this I'm not
convinced yet well and they do have to
understand that again we don't know what
happened
Kavanaugh knows what's what happened the
other person in the room knows what
happened and the Ford knows what what
happened mm-hmm
but regardless of what happened in that
room over 30 years ago Lisa Murkowski
and Susan Collins legacy if they are
steamrolled by men in the Republican
Party and they just move forward with a
vote and I'm Pat I pass no judgment but
they know their legacy will be that they
voted to put the person who overturned
roe v wade onto the court to despite
some serious allegations so John
Heilemann it seems to me that Murkowski
that Collins that flake that other
Republicans are probably going to end up
at a point where they say we have some
questions about the timing why did the
Democrats wait two months why did they
wait until we had all of our hearings
why did they wait material that they had
two months ago that they could have
turned over to the FBI two months ago
before any of this even began why did
they wait until the end when they
figured out they didn't have
votes to stop Cavanaugh before dropping
this bombshell now they can say that all
they want but at the end of the day I
think they're in a position where they
just have to say this is a lifetime
appointment these are extraordinarily
serious charges if Ford wants to testify
we have no choice we have to wait does
that sound about right or are you have
another cake no I think wow this start
date it sounds about right to me on a
number of levels Jo I think these those
discussions are truly inside baseball
discussions they are not insignificant
they're not meaningless but they are
processed discussions and and people on
the committee and on Capitol Hill will
throw accusations at each other but in
the long market history who cares
but these people all of them are looking
back at a very relevant precedent which
is the Anita Hill Clarence Thomas
precedent the decisions that were made
in those hearings I know some people
probably don't have this clear memory of
them as old people like you and me but
you know the decisions that Democrats
made have haunted them ever since you've
got a person like Joe Biden who has
taken accusations of not taking anything
else seriously enough that have dogged
him now for nearly 30 years and I think
if you are in the majority party and
you're someone who's sympathetic to
women's to women's reproductive rights
some sympathetic to women in general
someone like it to be point out to
Murkowski and and to Collins in
particular these two pivotal female
votes you can't help but look at the
precedent in the Anita Hill case and say
and where do I want history to I don't
want history to judge me in this case I
also think that you think about this
again from the 30,000 foot level
politically this nomination was supposed
to be the one unambiguous bright spot
for Donald Trump and Republicans every
Republican in the country was going to
campaign this fall in a full-throated
way say yeah he got a lot of problems
with Donald Trump on a million levels
but look he gave us corseting
particularly just now he gave us bread
Cavanaugh
he changed the court that is no longer
an unequivocal no matter even what
happened o matter what happens over the
course of the next few days over the
next few weeks that is no longer the
unequivocal kind of
victory clear victory that every
Republican was looking forward to so
much and I do think again no matter what
happens in the short term and I think
you're a hundred percent of right
I think there's almost no like almost no
possibility we're gonna have the
committee vote this week the the news
environment now reporters are going to
be looking and covering this story from
everything from every angle possible the
not just not going to happen on this
timetable but no matter what happens
this is going to make things that Mike
makes life easier for all of those
Democrats for whom this was going to be
a tough vote they now have good reasons
to to withhold their vote the otherwise
would have voted against Kavanagh they
were in a political bind this makes it
easier for them for those purple and red
state Democrats for whom this was going
to be such a tough thing all right
Benjamin with us what are the legal
questions and challenges being raised
here with these accusations and is the
timing of the accusation of when this
alleged attempted rape assault took
place is that part of the questions and
challenges in play so I don't think the
challenges are fundamentally legal
because there's no real legal proceeding
here and no one that is I think likely
and so the questions are fundamentally
political and I think the question is
for those senators who are undecided or
formally undecided how do you evaluate
an allegation of conduct that is you
know disqualifying if true Holy See you
know in very serious and also a long
time ago when the person was a teenager
and almost impossible factually to
evaluate in retrospect because of the
very limited number of people who know
the truth and the categorical denial on
the one hand and allegation on the other
and so I think the fundamental problem
here is not legal it's a what do you do
as a as an undecided senator
in the face of unresolvable uncertainty
and let me ask you Benjamin of what
concerns does this raise for you doesn't
raise any concerns about future
nominations to the Supreme Court this
has already gotten about as dirty as
possible you have this drop at the last
second after after the Republicans were
headed for a vote I what is what is the
future hold for Republican and
Democratic nominations to the Supreme
Court oh gosh I mean so it raises a lot
of concerns but they don't all cut in
the same direction so one is as your
question suggests you know just how ugly
and and Brawl like the confirmation
process has become it was already
terrible in this context and it's you
know a poised to get a lot worse the
other which you know I suppose cuts in
exactly the opposite direction is the
danger that this woman is going to get
as Casey described before her life is
going to be you know terribly changed
she's gonna I'm sure she's going to be
subject to vile attacks and you know the
White House was a White House person was
quoted in Politico the last night or
yesterday saying that you know if this
can happen to Cavanaugh you know no man
is safe and so you know there is a real
danger in the other direction too of of
a completely inappropriate and and
disgusting frankly a White House
response of an attack the accuser
variety and so I think it's you know
there's actually real danger of sort of
unfairness and - and and sort of
brutality to everybody involved all in
the service of
answering or purporting to answer what
is actually unanswerable thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
