a search warrant describes more of the
evidence collected at both of John's
apartment the day after he was shot and
killed by an off-duty Dallas police
officer hello I'm Heather hey I'm Steve
Eagar it's nine o'clock among the items
listed in the document are cartridge
casings a backpack with police equipment
and marijuana welcome back to am joy
that report from a local Fox affiliate
in Dallas Texas sparked outrage this
week and allegations that the media and
the police are trying to smear Botham
gene the 26 year old black man who was
gunned down in his own apartment by an
off-duty police officer the Fox
affiliate tweeted about the search
warrant on the same day as his funeral
last week gene a twenty20 2016 college
graduate who worked at
PricewaterhouseCoopers and was a song
leader at his local church was shot and
killed in his home by Dallas police
officer Amber Geiger according to the
Dallas Morning News Geiger told police
that she mistook jeans apartment for her
own and that the door was ajar Geiger
says that when she entered she saw a
silhouette and thought she was being
burglarized
she said she drew her gun gave commands
at gene ignored and then fired twice but
lots of people are raising questions
about Geiger's story which is shifted on
some details and according to an
attorney for genes family two people
reported hearing knocking and a woman's
voice saying let me in before the
shooting Geiger was arrested on
manslaughter charges three days after
she killed gene and is now free on bail
but now Botham Gene's family wants to
know why police seemed to be treating
him as if he were the culprit instead of
the victim to have my son Smith in such
a way I think shows that they're persons
who are really nasty who are really
dirty and I'm going to cover up for the
devil
amber Gekko and I want to find out
whether the toxicology reports on I
Amba has been released because she was
the murderer join me now is Esley merit
attorney for the family of bottom jean
not jean sorry about us for my
pronunciation and so i mr. mayor let's
talk about this case i think the thing
that outraged people the most about the
treatment of this young man after he was
killed was the idea that his apartment
was searched and the release of
information of drugs being found in the
apartment is that the normal course of
business and and what is the family's
comment on that it's not the normal
course of business if you're
investigating the non police officer if
you're investigating that a normal
suspect and you believe they committed a
crime as serious as murder then the
warrant you execute will produce
evidence probative of that crime the
fact that the detectives sought a
warrant in it and it's very important
it's not just what they found in the
home or alleged to found at home they
sought a warrant looking for evidence of
drug paraphernalia or other criminal
activity that's what they went to a
judge and asked for and that evidence
would not be probative of the crime that
they were investigating at all they
could only only serve one purpose which
we will be just to smear the image of
bottoms on and I think let's clip a
couple of other things that did mr. John
know ms Geiger there's no evidence we
have that he knew miss Geiger we we've
talked extensively with his friends with
his family who he was very close to
we checked phone records and contact
information we don't believe the two
know each other at all was there to your
knowledge ever annoys complained or any
other interaction between the two of
them in terms of complaints from Ms
Geiger about mr. Zhang we haven't been
able to confirm the noise complaints
there was a noise complaint to his home
that day was after speaking with the the
office managers they they weren't able
to nail down where the noise complaint
came from it it may have originated from
administration versus a resident is it
is it true that Ms Geiger lived directly
below mr. Zhang she did live directly
below him that part is true and our to
the is the family aware of whether her
apartment had a doormat because
Department had a bright-red very
distinctive dorm at her apartment
complex that her apartment door did not
have a doormat it certainly didn't have
a red one but there was no doormat there
at all there were other indicators such
as the floor number being displayed on
the wall and that the hallways being
distinctly different because each
apartment complex generally had a
doormat in front of it that would have
distinguished her floor from his floor
we don't believe that she accidentally
ended up in his apartment his door
wasn't didn't wasn't coincidentally open
on the day that she decided to
accidentally walk into his apartment we
believe that much to be demonstrative
Lily Falls and the door being ajar or
not ajar has been a tricky kind of thing
to follow because it seems that Miss
Geiger's story may have changed from the
door was locked and her key wouldn't
work to the door was ajar to your
knowledge are the doors in that
apartment complex capable of being left
ajar without being propped open by
something no those are fire doors may
slam shut they have a sure slam on them
I've been in mr. John's apartment I've
dropped I've pulled it open slowly
versus quickly those doors slam shut
every time you hold them open and in
each version of her story neither made
sense in the first version of the story
she was playing at the door he swung it
open and in surprise to him the second
version was really strange the version
captured by the Rangers which says it
was ajar which it couldn't be
and then that she used the force of her
key to swing the door open but as I
described those door swings shut they
slammed shut
they don't swing open and the last
question before I bring in the panel to
your knowledge was mr. John in the habit
of leaving his apartment door unlocked
no mr. John did not leave his door
unlock he was a very meticulous
accountant he paid very close attention
to detail and as his safety was a
priority for him he had a routine he
came into the door he had a bowl right
next to the door where he dropped his
keys in he wouldn't have been the type
to leave it unlocked
would you mind mr. mayor just staying
with us for a few minutes I want to
bring the panel in do you mind please
okay all right thank you very much I'm a
Tiffany Cross managing editor at the BTC
still with me and joining us now is
MSNBC media analyst Eric Diggins and the
police chief of Ferguson Missouri del
rich Mawson TV I know you had a question
for mr. Merritt yeah mr. Mehra I've read
that investigators have downloaded the
electronic data from the door locks and
I'm wondering what if anything will that
reveal and when do we expect to get the
results sure that's gonna be very
important information they've captured
not only mr. Jones door but also mr.
Geiger's door below those leave like
every time the key is you successfully
have electronic key every time it's used
successfully it leaves electronic
footprint and so they should be able to
know whether amber Geiger accessed her
apartment prior to accessing or entering
mr. Jones apartment they won't be able
to tell if the door was left open
unfortunately but if she in fact went to
her apartment first they will be able to
capture that information I want to bring
in elvish moss and divers thank you for
being here the police chief of Ferguson
Missouri a longtime police officer you
know who worked in Miami in the Miami r
for a long time so I know that you know
of what you speak sir and so walk me
through this is it normal after a police
officer shoots someone in general not
commenting on your particularly
department and specifically but in
general is it normal for police to
search the home of the decedent of the
deceased person to look for drugs well I
think in this case the reason for the
search of the decedent's home is because
that's where the actual shooting took
place one of the things you can do is go
in and look for fruit of whatever you
think might have led up to the shooting
this is a homicide investigation and so
on a homicide investigation you will
search the place where the actual
shooting took place is it normal to
share the results of that search with
the media well typically what happens is
that you file an information with the
clerk's office basically saying these
are the things that we found and a lot
of journalists I know especially with
the Miami Herald they typically go to
the clerk's office and they get that
which is public record now actually
going out and sharing it is not
something that we normally do but having
it available where it's public record is
the normal course of business and it
does seem that miss Geiger tellers has
told a lot of different stories about
you know what happened that night how
quickly after a shooting our police
officers typically required to file an
actual official statement of what
well one of the things that happens is
this becomes a criminal investigation
and so just like the ordinary citizen
that the police officer has the rights
afforded by Miranda so in some cases of
police officer shoots and someone dies
they can't be forced to give a statement
because if they're forced to give that
statement then it's not admissible in
court let me go to Eric Diggins because
the other outrage this week not only on
the you know the fact that mr. John's
home was searched that you know this
information that drugs were found was
released it seemed to be a way of sort
of making him look like he was some sort
of suspect who's in his own house but
the media's role in this the fact that
the Fox News affiliate tweeted that out
elicited a lot of reaction what did you
make of that this week Eric well what's
interesting to me about this it does
remind me a bit of what happened when
Trayvon Martin was killed so many years
ago in Florida where I'm based I have a
book out called race baiter where I talk
about how race and media works and so I
took a hard look at how the trayvon
martin case became a national media
issue and one of the things that happens
is when you have a deadly event like
this where there are only two witnesses
the person who was killed and the person
who killed them there is this rush in
the media to get any detail that people
think may have some bearing on what
happened and a rush to report those
details regardless of how it will impact
the image of the victim or the image of
the person who killed the person and
what we learned and trayvon martin is
that it's very there's this rush to sort
of characterize who the victim is and
try to see if there's if that has some
bearing on what happened in the
situation and often that can be unfair
if in the heat of the moment you know
obviously this officer may not know who
this person is or what their background
was or anything like that but there is a
rush to get these details and put them
out in the public space because the
public is hungry for details about what
may have happened the background of the
officer and the background of the person
who was killed and I do think as media
outlets we have to be more sensitive
about what kind of details will come out
and how they may affect
how we see both the victim and the
person who killed them yeah indeed let
me play Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings
responding on Thursday of to release of
information about mr. John Folse
innuendoes was it great and I disturbed
today and those that try to move the
sports his reputation shame on you stop
I think a lot of the emotion around the
way that this was handled Tiffany is
because this was a Fox outlet it was a
news outlet all right and that's very
typical and very consistent with their
playbook and you talked a lot about this
in the Trayvon Martin documentary that
Eric was mentioning and again we see not
only was mr. John not accused of a crime
he wasn't arrested he you know who he
was just living in his home and for
people who constantly want to refute
anything where you mentioned race I
would just ask that people question if
this were a white woman in her apartment
and an off-duty black police officer
entered her home and shot her would it
matter that there was marijuana in the
apartment I don't think so or if this
man had a gun on him and shot this woman
she's the interloper she's the burglar
and you're an intruder right right
would people run and be his champion I
just don't know and so actually I do
know but I was just asked people to ask
themselves that question this is
something consistent this happens to be
a story that got headlines thankfully
but there are many other nameless
faceless people who suffer these type of
not just fatal incidents but just
incidents that come with such indignity
for black and brown people in this
country every day and people are
emboldened to act as these you know
self-righteous law enforcement officers
some people don't even carry a badge and
they don't Don themselves these people
so it's just heartbreaking and my heart
goes out to his mother cuz I can't
imagine what she's going through if I
could point something out mm-hmm if I
could point something out I would I
wouldn't note
that one a good thing about the
situation or is that we have experienced
now we saw what happened with Trayvon
Martin we saw what happened with other
police involved shootings of young black
man and so when there are these attempts
to put out details that may be Smerch
their character there's a quick reaction
and I think the fact that we're having
this discussion right now days after
this information was made public and
that there was an instant reaction in
the community against the publication
and dissemination of this detail shows
that people are aware of the dynamic and
they're aware of what's going on and the
struggle over the image of the victim
and how that can impact how this person
may be prosecuted and so people are
aware of what's going on to a degree
that they weren't I think years ago and
that's and that's a very good thing yes
sorry no Jo if I could briefly I want to
push back on this idea of normalizing
the behavior it is not normal to search
the home of the decedent as has been
indicated it is especially given the
facts of this case she didn't say she
was going in investigating a crime so if
she was performing a police function and
going in to investigate a crime then
then you search for evidence of that the
crime took place she said she believed
that she was in her own apartment in
both versions of her story and so for it
to ask for a warrant to look for
evidence of a crime it's clearly
designed to attack the character of the
decedent it's not normal it's not okay
yeah to say nothing of the fact that
she's saying that he refused a lawful
order I'm not sure you have to do that
in your own home when a stranger is in
there I didn't I wasn't aware that you
had to you had to obey an order from a
stranger in the dark and do whatever
they say it's a it's a strange world
with event if aney was gonna stick
around
Ashlee Merritt thank you very much for
your time Eric Diggins Thank You Debra
Schmauss thank you and up next a.m. joys
tend to watch they with us it is time
that we recognize that lives matter
my son's life matters at 26 years old he
had done so much so if you extrapolate
what he could have done had he reached
my age then you would have seen how much
I have lost hey thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there for
more am joy and the rest of MSNBC and
click on any of the videos right here to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights and you can get more videos
from MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
