I have fantastic people Paul Manafort
just came on he's great Paul Manafort
has done an amazing job he's here
someplace where's Paul Paul Manafort was
replaced long before the election took
place literally perfect
like what a couple of months like mad
afford has nothing to do with our
campaign good morning a lot of am joy
well for the past two years we've been
talking with you about Russia gate and
the extensive intricate ties Trump's
former associates had to the Kremlin
during his 2016 presidential election
and over time one by one we've seen more
and more people in Trump's camp fall
there was Michael Flynn Trump's former
national security adviser who pleaded
guilty to lying to the FBI Ricketts a
former top trump campaign official who
pleaded guilty to conspiracy george
papadapolis a former trump campaign
adviser just sentenced to 14 days in
prison for lying to the FBI about the
extent of his russia linked contacts all
men who are now cooperating with Special
Counsel Robert Muller
but this week Muller may have nabbed his
biggest fish yet when he got the
cooperation of former Trump campaign
chairman Paul Manafort in Vanity Fair
reports at Trump's former longtime
attorney and fixer Michael Cohen is also
talking to Muller all of these men once
loyal members of Trump's inner circle
are committed to cooperating with
federal prosecutors and now as Trump
circle of trust continues to shrink it
seems like all that's left is family
joining me now is David Cay Johnston fan
of DC report org le masal editor at
above/below calm Natasha Barrett Ron
staff writer at the Atlantic and Dean
Obeidallah host of the eponymous Dean
Obeidallah show on Sirius XM a well
named show makes all right let's talk
about this because there's been probably
no one more defensive of Donald Trump or
more defensive of his legal prospects
than Alan Dershowitz who sort of taken
up the cause exterior to the team Trump
camp of saying no no he's fine legally
well that may be changing here is Alan
Dershowitz on Meet the Press
earlier today talking about the manna
fort deal
this was a very bad day for the Trump
administration it's bad because we
doesn't know what mana for is saying and
he can't count on mana for saying only
things that the special counsel already
knows and when you don't know what a
cooperator is saying then it's a bad day
for you because you're vulnerable and
exposed
it is interesting le to see challenger
she would sort of make it make make the
pivot yeah yeah he's maybe off the legal
team right he's right it's terrible for
Trump mana for it was arguably if if
this stuff happened mana for it was the
point person what what I've noticed and
this is I think this goes to how scared
Trump is right what I've noticed is that
Trump really hasn't come down the
mountain on Twitter about this right
right I mean okay number one there are a
couple reasons one he could just not
know I mean who wants to go tell the
Fuhrer that the Eastern Front has fallen
right he just might end up not know - he
could be in Puerto Rico looking for the
real killer but three is that he's
actively scared of what manna fort knows
what manna fort will say and again manna
fort
might not even have have any incentive
any more to tell to tell the truth like
he might just say like everything that
he did was ordered by Trump and that man
may not be true Trump has every reason
to be frightened at this point yeah and
by his Twitter account I think maybe he
is maybe and you know Natasha there's a
couple of different ways that manna fort
could be dangerous to Donald Trump key
questions that mana Ford could
potentially answer did the Trump
campaign have a heads up about the
alleged Russian hacking of Democrats did
Donald Trump know about that meeting
with a Russian lawyer inside Trump Tower
and what do man affords other business
ties to Russia mean but the Huffington
Post took it one step further and said
that in addition to that he could answer
questions not just about Trump and team
Trump but it could be bad news for a
bunch of other Washington operatives cuz
he barely knows a lot of people a lot of
stuff right and as we saw from the
criminal criminal information that was
filed against mana Ford on Friday
there's a lot in there about people he
worked with who also did not register as
foreign agents and therefore could be in
trouble with with the law I think that
he is extremely dangerous to the
president at this point he entered the
campaign at a very pivotal moment when
it was really the beginning of all of
the most significant russia-related
episodes
and I don't think that was a coincidence
I think that Paul Manafort was obviously
the person on the campaign with the most
high-level deep connections to Russians
and Russian oligarchs at that point and
whether or not that was a reason why he
actually came on the campaign is going
to be another big question yeah whether
it was just a coincidence that you know
at the same time that he entered the
campaign you know a month later George
papadopolis was meeting with a man
connected to Russia Russia who was
saying that they had Hillary Clinton's
emails manna fort was then communicating
with Papadopoulos about setting up a
meeting between Trump and Putin then
there was the DNC hack then there was
you know the platform change at the RNC
so all of these things are going to be
what what Moeller is really interested
in and I think it's really funny that
Giuliani and Sarah Sanders have come out
and said oh well this has nothing to do
with the campaign he's not going to tell
mole or anything about anything related
to the campaign well that's not what the
plea agreement says that says the
cooperation agreement says that it's
anything and everything that Oller finds
relevant and that's not only as it
relates to the special counsel but it's
also law enforcement authorities outside
of the outside of the special counsel so
there have broad broad purview as long
as the special counsel wants him to talk
he has to keep on talking and by the way
Business Insider has a piece saying it's
91 close call Giuliani pushing a dubious
theory about Paul manna Ford's plea deal
experts say it's bogus really Julie
Annie told Rudy Giuliani told business
insider that Paul Manafort cooperation
deal with the special counsel Robert
Moton just not include an agreement to
share information about Trump or the
Trump campaign he doesn't know that you
know denied no attorney let's think
about you you're a lawyer right sorry
I'm terrible all those out there who are
disappointed but he is a member of the
profession we loved we loved lawyers
just kidding but doesn't surprise you
just as a from a legal standpoint is
that all Trump may be finally listening
to his lawyers because he isn't tweeting
about Manta for a lot to be honest
usually when things are this bad for
Trump he files for bankruptcy if all of
a sudden Trump announces there's a
summit out of the country he's fleeing
the jurisdiction I didn't because things
are really bad and I don't want to
oversell what Manta for it might know
but let's not forget this the June 3rd
email so Donald Trump jr. from their
buddy Rob Goldstone said this is part of
Russia and it's government's help for
your father and if Donald Trump and
Donald Trump I said I didn't know about
those old emails until last year I
didn't know about the
meaning to last year it Paul Manafort
who was at that meeting said you know
what I set with Donald Trump jr. and
Donald Trump before the meeting and
Donald Trump said hey go that meeting
right there and find out what you have
there you have at least on its face
co-conspirator violate federal election
commission laws right and then in July
that next month when Donald Trump says
Russia are you listening and if we know
he knew that Russia was trying to help
him then you've got even more elements
of coke conspiracy for the United States
of America which is what the Russian
military operatives were charged with
and in fact on that very day Donald
Trump said that Russian military
operatives per the motor went after
after Hillary's email so all of a sudden
there's one teeny piece of granular
information when you're building these
cases yeah this could be key yeah and
not only that David Kay Johnson in
ordered for Paul Manafort to make those
disclosures at all Trump he would have
only had to go upstairs the municipal
take place in Trump Tower he could have
gone to either his apartment in Trump
Tower well remember there were two
blocked phone calls that were made that
the Republicans in the House
Intelligence Committee were unwilling to
find out what those numbers are when
they can't
it isn't just Donald Trump who's worried
here both Jared Kushner and Don Jr who
are likely indictment targets down the
road yeah must be very worried about
what actually went on in that meeting
remember they've told seven different
stories now each one undoing the
previous story when you lie that much
you know that what really went on was
much more serious let's listen to Don
junior because a lot of Italy I think
you also said yesterday when we did the
round table a quick lightning round of
who's in the most jeopardy you said Don
junior here's Don junior being asked on
Good Morning America on Tuesday if he's
worried about going to jail that's the
thing
your father has denied reports that he's
worried that you might be in legal
jeopardy because of the Moller
investigation but are you scared that
you could go to jail I'm not because I
know what I did and I'm not worried
about any of that you know that doesn't
mean they won't try to create something
I mean we've seen that happen with
everything but you know again I'm not
my pants are wet like you're not gonna
see that so look I I would my mother
would not put me in this kind of
Jeopardy whose father would that's the
problem would and that's that's a huge
problem for Don for Don jr. obviously
manna forts next I think sorry all
obviously Muller's next targets are
gonna be Don jr. and Jared Kushner there
is a reason those guys haven't been
interviewed there's a reason they
haven't moon Grodd and everybody that
Muller wants to wants to not charge has
been talked to Muller has talked to
mother everybody that Muller kind of is
still thinking about charging hasn't
talked to mother that's the key that's a
that's an actual piece of evidence that
we that shows us where Muller is point
it is the way that this works from a
legal standpoint that they talk to
everyone they've got all the info and
then by the time they interview the real
targets they already know the story and
then they test what you say against what
they say yeah I hate this particular
analogy just because I abhorred violence
but like it's tightening the noose right
you start off really wide and then you
get smaller and smaller and smaller and
smaller and again you're in the endgame
you're the target and again if you have
Trump in your last name you haven't been
interviewed yet that should scare the
people with Trump of their last name as
a prosecutor you don't want to interview
someone until you know the answers to
the questions because you can get them
for lying and perjury but you don't do
what the OJ George didn't say just put
that glove on we've never seen you do it
before but we'll have you do that live
in court right now and Yannick in stores
last interview was was Bill Clinton
thirty days before the article think
recent report came out years ago so you
wait to the anger building your will
your reminds me actually of Roger stone
who of course is a he's also not been
yeah close confidant of Paul Manafort
yeah since the 1970s so if there was a
channel by which Rogers by which stone
was communicating with the Trump
campaign it is likely through wasn't the
firm called manna Ford black and stone
in one of the first clients of their
firm was Donald Trump I love that Donald
Trump brought in cat I mean truck a
metaphor bought in cash a condo from
Paul Manafort in 2006 for three over
three million dollars and here's the
poetic irony it's one of the assets that
that now Muller has is metaphor it's a
condo in Jim Tom owns a condo in traffic
and to bring that back because you've
done a lot of background on the family
because part of what looks like happened
that the Unger book you know your book
that Donald Trump was using those condos
as a way for Russians to invest get
their money out of Russia and there are
buildings in Florida that Trump has and
elsewhere the didn't this and Donald has
done this all throughout his career in
fact when Wayne Barrett the late great
Wayne Barrett was the first reporter to
get on with him in the 70s yep Donald
tried to bribe him with an apartment in
Trump Tower having no idea the wind
there it's not the kind of guy you can
ride I have to play this out this is
Donald Trump jr. a little bit more of
Donald Trump Jr's GMA interview and he's
talking about it almost sounds like a
like an episode of The Sopranos right
like who can you trust I think there are
people in there that he can trust it's
just it's a much smaller group than I
would like it to be who do you trust
well like you know I'll keep that to
myself and they're not family well
obviously yeah I'm talking outside a
family I think that one goes without
saying if it down to the is is that
what's happening now in the White House
there's just like family and then
there's who there's family and you're
Steven Miller there's I was gonna say
there's family and there's Mitch
McConnell I mean I feel like they're
there buzz look at some point I think
Jared's position becomes interesting
right like Jared has a lot of exposure
in terms of lying on various forms not
being entirely truthful
he's very similarly situated to Jeff
Sessions and why Jeff Sessions had to
recuse and you know he's an in-law
Giuliani has talked there's the clip
somewhere about Jillian are you talking
about like oh well if you go after Jared
that's one thing but you don't go after
a vodka because it says dark like
Giuliani has already kind of suggested
that maybe Jared could be thrown over I
think chunk jr. is in the most danger
but if you want another person who might
be who might not be in that circle of
trust I'd start looking at Jarek and one
of the issues that's very likely compo
jared is remember his effort to use the
russians diplomatic communications and
secretly contact the Creveling can you
imagine what would happen if someone and
say obama or george w bush or or
had proposed that and let's not forget
Natasha who was in charge of the whole
social media operation that pulled in
the Cambridge analytic data right that's
another area where Jared is very
vulnerable I mean he clearly knows a lot
about whether or not there was some kind
of coordination beyond that data
operation and the Russian or maybe the
Russians just know that Michigan is a
key state in the Pennsylvania which
districts to go after in the suburbs
maybe they just know a lot about
American political geography and they
didn't need any help for an American I
mean they picked a trusted great to have
you upset eliwood style always where we
just kidnapped you for your entire
weekend you're now free free to go
Natasha Bertram thank you very much
we're always ruining your weekends as
well Dean your weekend is still ruined
you can't leave alright we're gonna talk
more about you guys later so and she's a
hero the resistance she's a lightning
rod for the right and she happens to be
a frequent target of Donald Trump's
attacks and after the break she joins me
live your moment of Maxine yes his next
you
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
