Senator Collins if you vote for Brett
Kavanaugh we're gonna fund your future
opponent a vote for Cavanaugh is almost
certainly a vote to reverse Roe versus
Wade as a Mainer who has a pre-existing
condition
if you vote YES on Cavanaugh you're
voting to kill me if you vote to confirm
Cavanaugh we're not gonna stop fighting
until you're defeated for your hero and
vote no and if you don't we will replace
you Wow as allegations of sexual
misconduct swirl around Trump Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh a
crowdfunding campaign urging Republican
Senator Susan Collins to vote against
his confirmation has raised get this 1.3
million dollars the campaign says the
money will go to her future opponent in
2020 if Collins votes to confirm
Kavanagh Collins has blasted the
campaign as an effort to quote bribe her
Collins and Alaska senator Lisa
Murkowski are considered to be the two
key votes who could determine whether or
not Kavanagh gets a lifetime seat on the
court join me now is judge Legum founder
of the political newsletter popular dot
info writer and commentator Anousheh
Hossein an MSNBC legal analyst Paul
Butler thank you all for being here
judge you wrote a piece on popular
information on Monday that said the
following you wrote Cavanaugh made a big
mistake
under friendly questioning from senator
Ted Cruz he unambiguously revealed that
he believes Roe was incorrectly decided
and should be overturned this should
make it much more difficult if not
impossible for Collins in Murkowski to
vote for Cavanaugh and yet Collins has
seen pretty she's saying she's undecided
but she seems pretty decided I don't
know what do you make of it well I think
until she says she's gonna vote one way
or the other I really applaud the people
in Maine and elsewhere who are
continuing to do what they can to make
their voices heard I think taking a step
back from all of this there's so much
that goes on every day but if Brett
Kavanaugh is confirmed no matter what
happens to Donald Trump whether he's
impeached whether he resigns whether you
lose re-election it'll all be worth it
to Republicans this nomination has the
ability to read
shape the law to reshape America for
decades Collins and Murkowski are trying
to claim plausible deniability that
Kavanagh will work to overturn roe v--
wade and i think if you look closely at
his testimony which is what I did it's
really unambiguous it's as clear as
these things get ya and Collins and
Murkowski should know that it should be
held accountable and they surely know it
only shade that you know so they're
trying to Collins is trying to hang on
this well he'd get he get he said the
magic word starring decisis to me so he
said he believes in precedent that you
know she but the campaign against I
wonder what you make of it just as a
tactic this idea you know there have
been some active that have sent wire
hangers to senator Collins offices sent
over three thousand coat hangers were
mailed to her office symbolizing
back-alley abortions that took place
before they became legal the really hard
pressed issue you heard in that little
campaign commercial by the people
raising money potentially to use against
her you were voting to kill me I'm a
pre-existing condition if you vote for
him what do you make of these as tactics
well I think it's interesting because
the crowdfunding campaign almost sounds
a little bit more like a threat than it
does sound like a bribe but I think it
also really lays out if Republican women
you know I think it's interesting
because let's not forget that it was
majority white college-educated women
that put Donald Trump in power
you know our Republican women going to
choose gender over party you know will
they choose race over party so I find
that really interesting but also this is
really going to test us to see how far
we have come since Anita Hill you know
is do we believe women or not is Michu
going to change how we consider a SCOTUS
nominee or not so those are the things
that I think at the end of the day we
really need to focus on yeah well I want
to try to just get to go in a little bit
more about learn on Susan Collins you
know her objection to this tactic of
saying if you don't vote no on Cavanaugh
we're gonna use this money we've raised
to defeat you in an election just
Newsmax conservative online newspaper
news and that mags this is what Colin
said I consider this quid pro quo
fundraising to be the equivalent of
attempt to bribe be to vote against
judge Cavanaugh if I vote against him
the money is refunded to the donors if I
vote for him the money is
given to my opponent for hit for the
2020 race she said she emphasized this
effort will not influence my vote at all
adding I think it demonstrates new lows
to which the judges opponents have
stooped you're a former prosecutor is
raising money against a politician a
bribe of course not so federal bribery
law makes it a crime to offer something
of value to a government official in
exchange for an act and here there's no
quid pro quo signature Collins isn't
getting anything it's her opponent who
would receive the campaign contribution
but joy I get the concern about the role
of money in politics and that's kind of
the ironic thing here they were able to
do this crowdsourcing because of a
Supreme Court case called citizens
united which greatly expanded the role
of money in politics it was a 5-4
decision from everything we know about
his jurisprudence if confirmed just as
Cavanaugh would further expand the role
of money in politics and so that might
be a reason why senator Collins might
want to think about her vote for the
Supreme Court justice right and judge
you know you've got all of these issues
in place whether or not Cavanaugh would
protect Donald Trump protect the
president from any kind of investigation
which is on the table you've got these
issues about campaign finance seems to
be very much on the side of big money in
corporations issues about whether or not
he would protect health care but to your
very point on roe it seems not that
ambiguous he said sorry decisis but it
really is almost sort of laughable to
try to assert that he does not have an
opinion on what should happen to roe v
wade so I'm wondering if as a tactic
zeroing in on that and on women and on
the two women Republican senators if you
believe that that's a smart tactical
move
if Collins doesn't seem move by right
now well I think that's the only way to
go there's really only two Republicans
whose vote seems at all in doubt maybe
Jeff Flake but I think we've watched
that movie too many times he also hasn't
declared but it's clear where he'll go
in the end yeah and it really does put
them in a difficult position because
they voted for
or such but Gorsuch was replacing Scalia
and so therefore the dynamics of roe and
abortion rights really weren't gonna
change no matter who you put in to that
slot this is much different because you
have Justice Kennedy who was the swing
vote so I do think it makes sense and
also what's important is that both
Murkowski and Collins have said they do
not intend to vote for a nominee that is
hostile to Roe and I think that is
precisely the kind of nominee that
Kavanagh has shown himself to be both
prior to his testimony but then also
very importantly in his testimony said
all of the words that conservatives who
be seeking to overturn Roe would want to
hear it doesn't get any clearer than
Cavanaugh Mixon obviously he didn't say
explicitly this is what I'm going to do
he he wants to create this ambiguity
because he knows he needs columns and
Murkowski vote but he really did lay out
exactly how he would do it yeah and they
say they've made that pledge if they
mean it I'm sorry go ahead nishang I was
just going to say that I don't
understand why we're so desperate to
give this man the benefit of the doubt
even if there's like a small grain of
benefit of the doubt that we can give
him as judge was saying I totally agree
he has been very clear on where he
stands on bro I don't think that
Cavanaugh's stance is really up for
debate and I think that it's crazy that
Collins is trying to you know just hold
on to this like little shred that would
give him any benefit of the doubt I
don't think that there is any I don't
think he deserves the benefit the
benefit of the doubt I think he's very
clear on what where he stands on Roe
yeah and even if he's telling the truth
in a very formal legalistic way you
could definitely reduce a woman's access
to health care without formally
overruling Roe versus Wade is very hard
for a woman get a abortion and Texas now
again Roe versus Wade hasn't been
overturned but the court has so greatly
expanded the role of officials of the
government in women's reproductive
rights that it doesn't have to overturn
Roe versus Wade in order to accomplish
that mission yeah absolutely Anisha
want to turn to these allegations
against Cavanaugh and and I wonder what
you can you prognosticators at would
have some impact on Lisa Murkowski who
seems also to be weighing by the way
these issues of whether or not Cavanaugh
believes that Native Alaskans are
actually indigenous people worthy of
civil rights protections which seems to
be really weighing on her vote but this
issue of the allegations of a high
school sexual assault which of course I
should remind people Kavanagh has issued
a statement saying categorically
unequivocally denies saying you didn't
do it at any time but what do you think
that those allegations might do to this
process particularly as regards these
two women Republican senators well I
think that's what I was you know that
was exactly the point that I was
stipulating earlier I think this is
going to demonstrate to us if me too is
going to change how we consider a SCOTUS
nominee and I also think that it's
interesting that the question isn't if
Cavanaugh is a nice guy I feel like
these allegations are you know bringing
up those 60 the list of the 61 women who
were like oh well he was very nice to me
you know this isn't a question about
Kavanagh being a nice guy yeah it's a
question of the facts if he violated
consent and tells a woman down or not
that's the question we really have to
stay focused on that we are out of time
thank you judge Legum and new shiho st.
Paul Butler and coming up thank you on
at the top of the hour the very latest
on tropical storm Florence the impact of
the storm where it's headed next and up
next on am joy the Democrat secret
weapon it's November
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
