well I think Claire Rico was incredibly
successful
I think the Puerto Rico was an
incredible unsung success I think in a
certain way the best job we did was
Puerto Rico but nobody would understand
that at least seven people are dead due
to Hurricane Florence which is still
wreaking havoc over the Carolinas as a
tropical storm yet Donald Trump can't
stop relitigated his and his
administration's inadequate response to
Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico last year
on Thursday truck did something that was
shocking even for him actually denying
that nearly 3,000 people died and
falsely blaming Democrats for inflating
the death toll to make him look bad
after being corrected on the death toll
numerous times Trump doubled down last
night rage tweeting that Puerto Rico's
death toll rose quote like magic and
that there was no way it was accurate
Carine Jonathan and Jennifer are back
with me joining the discussion now
Republican strategist Kate and Dawson
Caden how what do you make of the
President of the United States
stunningly pretending that 3,000 people
didn't really die as a result of
Hurricane Maria well that's a tough
question
especially from storm infested South
Carolina in the middle of a hurricane
and the federal government in the state
government's doing a wonderful job and
the resilient 5.3 million people along
with the Cajun Navy are weathering a
pretty strong storm here so to address
the president's comments I'll just let
them stand as they may I don't know the
figures I I do know that the the the
population of of Puerto Rico is a little
over three million people I do know
they're still in distress I have friends
that have gone to work in Puerto Rico
and certainly wish them the best as a
territory of the United States of
America and with people there who work
hard and are trying their best I don't I
don't know what the figure is of the
death toll if it's more than one it's
sad and tragic but we do know the
figures I mean we still do have some app
processes in government that are even
despite Donald Trump still functioning
and official governmental figures were
put out
even Paul Ryan who has made the the
shrug you know he's a shrug emoji you
know in human form because he doesn't
nothing Donald Trump does will elicit a
response from him even he couldn't
defend Donald Trump on this here's Paul
Ryan on Thursday casualties don't make a
person look bad that's not so I have no
reason to dispute these numbers I was in
Puerto Rico after the hurricane it was
devastated this was a horrible storm I
have no reason to dispute those numbers
those are just the facts of what happens
when a horrible hurricane hits an
isolated place like an island I mean the
even rick scott who backed back when he
was in a hospital executive pretended he
couldn't remember any of the record
Medicare fraud that was happening in his
you know and he took a deposition even
he on Thursday says he disagrees with
Trump an independent study said
thousands were lost and Governor Jose Oh
agreed I've been to Puerto Rico he has
to throw that in try to help himself out
in his election the loss of any like I
try to consider so so Cayden I mean
literally it is not disputable that
three thousand people died right I would
say when Paul Ryan says the same thing
it's not disputable that the the sad
disappointing thing is is the
president's bringing it up again in the
middle of a marvelous job that the
federal government is doing in two
states now so I guess we move on past
the comments and and talk about the
current storm if we can can we jump in
I'm gonna say this and I said this
before in your show joy because it seems
to fit for almost every segment that I
do with you which is never has a such a
small man taken such a big job and
Donald Trump is just so has no moral
compass here how could you deny three
thousand souls three thousands of
Americans who died because of the
incompetence of this Trump
administration that is the reality that
we're in and we should we should not
have a president who is saying it didn't
happen when we all know it happened and
but the thing about it joy is okay so
Paul Ryan is saying that he believes it
happened he went down to Puerto Rico
and where where are the oversight
hearings do your jobs you know why
aren't we not talking about this every
day why are we not bringing the
administration to committee hearings and
asking what happened and just you know
going down the checklist because this is
we're talking about 3,000 lives and
they're just not doing their jobs
they're not holding him accountable and
they're yes they're you know they're
sticking up and saying oh they don't
believe what he said but they need to do
their jobs 3,000 people died no listen
the reason we have a Donald Trump
problem is because otherwise good and
decent people like Kate Dawson won't
call him out and won't condemn him
Donald Trump has killed those people
twice once through neglect and oversight
and secondly disgracing that they died
at all and that's what death denial
that's what Holocaust denial that's what
all these denial syndromes are all about
is killing the person twice listen even
Paul Ryan
even Paul Ryan would admit this but what
we have here is a perfect example of the
different ways in which the Republicans
couch and at caveats and protect Donald
Trump Paul Ryan the first thing he said
was no one's responsible it's no one's
fault but we don't know it's no one's
fault we would like to have some
oversight hearings as Corinne said and
the reason they're doing such a bang-up
job Katyn in North Carolina and South
Carolina it's because those are Trump
voters just like the war in Texas if
they're not voters and they're not white
he doesn't give a darn and that's what
this is also about these people are not
recognizable as Americans as human
beings in his eyes and I think it would
be a really good thing for you the
Republican Party to condemn that
explicitly Satan well let me let me
explain Tommy to accuse president Trump
of killing 3,000 people is irresponsible
at the end of the day that that sort of
her stop because Caden I think the point
that's being made here is not no one
saying that he personally killed these
people but the point is is that the I
think it's indisputable at this point
that the response to Hurricane Maria was
was very inadequate and that had it been
better a lot of those lives might have
been saved an administration takes the
blame george w bush had to take the L
for the poor response to Katrina he had
to omit there were it would have been
insane for him to come out and try to
say that those people didn't really die
who died her as a result of Hurricane
Katrina in this case Donald Trump is
sort of doing what Alex Jones did with
Sandy Hook and saying it didn't even
happen at all and the fact is his
administration was in charge his
administration failed those people who
threw towels at them isn't he
responsible for the poor response to
Maria
well-well-well a president is
responsible for the FEMA response in the
national spots and the government
responsible for the responses in their
states so at the end of the day there is
a responsibility
politicians have the ability to take
credit for good things and try to
dismiss bad things but but the
president's being held accountable this
morning by his numbers simply condemning
the president I didn't hear you
condemning the president for denying the
death of 3,000 Americans and that's why
in my view the Republican Party is
unrest q Abul
you have too many people who are too
invested in defending this guy in not
calling him out in not calling him to
account and you can't have a party in
charge you can't have a party in power
that does that it's totally
irresponsible it's morally and
politically a response I get Jonathan in
but I want to give kid a chance to
respond afterwards Jonathan let me let
you in joy about a year ago I think I
can't remember with time in the era of
President Trump but I wrote a piece and
that said that the one thing the
president Trump lacks that as 4044
predecessors had in abundance as a lot
is a sense of shame President Trump has
shown time and time again that he lacks
a sense of shame shame is the one human
guard rail that we have that keeps us
from doing things we shouldn't do or
owning up and taking responsibility for
things that we have done that have hurt
people that have denied people a sense
of dignity
and humanity President Bush george w
bush rightly was criticized for his
initial response to Hurricane Katrina
but he went down there he took
responsibility for it and he tried very
hard and the the Congress and the White
House tried very hard to make things
right
President Reagan apologized to the
country for what happened with
iran-contra this president with with a
total lack of a sense of shame is
somebody who goes on Twitter as another
hurricane is bearing down on the country
to deny the fact that 2975
people in Hawaii Americans died what we
look for will mean heavy guys ended up
D&I in Puerto Rico what we have what we
look for in a president is someone who
represents us who is able to channel our
pain and frustration when we are feeling
hurt and vulnerable 2975
Americans on the Island of Hawaii lost
their lives there they're surviving
relatives and friends and loved ones are
still grieving over their loss but also
still dealing with the fact that their
island their home is still devastated
and they have been abandoned by their
country this president has shown no
sense of shame yeah and what happened to
them or also or even in taking
responsibility and acknowledging the
fact that as president of the United
States yeah it's not technically your
fault but you are the leader say the
government needs to take responsibility
and be held accountable for what
happened and you know Kiki yeah you know
we're not the world picking on you but
you know in addition to Jonathan says
you know that shame is lacking but it
also feels like there's a certain
empathy that Donald Trump doesn't seem
to ever be able to exhibit and one of
the things we do expect from a president
is that in moments of crisis right in my
family was my mother and right you know
and system brother and I were not for
Reagan at all but when the Challenger
thing happened Reagan was able to speak
to the country whether you were for him
or against him with a certain level of
moral authority Donald Trump I mean
you're down there in South Carolina
should tragedy you so to get seven
people already lost their lives I
can't imagine Donald Trump being able to
speak to that loss in a way that would
move anyone except the third of the
country the third of adults who already
are devoted fans of his outside that 30%
where is his moral authority and isn't
he eroding it more and more and more
every single day when he does things
like deny the death toll in Puerto Rico
well Donald Trump is a is a is a cold
sort of president I mean he's not warm
and fuzzy his Twitter thing does bother
a lot of us in the quick statements that
are made but at the end of the day he he
won an election he has some policies we
we on the Republican side like the
Supreme Court is a Supreme Court I mean
I know that the right wants to control
the courts I get that but is that worth
it because it does the if the president
can't speak to now if god forbid it gets
worse in the region where you live who
will speak to the country I mean Paul
Ryan as well his he literally is a
shrugged emoji he decides he does not
want to lead he doesn't want to be a
leader he just wants to you know serve
tea to Donald Trump there isn't anyone
in your party runs the whole country and
there isn't anyone on that side that can
speak to the country's heart and I just
does that bother you as a Republican
well I come out of the Reagan Bush wing
where they were I felt both of those
leaders were very compassionate leaders
especially 43 George W Bush and and he
was he led and was a responsible figure
and the 9/11 tragedy when he addressed
those and and and do I wish the
president was more empathetic yeah but I
can't change his personality and I can't
change the election support you guys
could the base of the Republican Party
could withdraw its support from such a
man as many have when Jennifer Rubin is
right there she's not physically next
year but she's next to on the TV she has
many Republicans have said this isn't
worth it I'm not one of those
Republicans I'm telling I'll understand
campaigns elections I understand how the
president got elected over 15 qualified
politicians and I understand where we
are in America right now and and the
midterms are going to give us a little
signal
about what's going to happen there gonna
be some surprises but not as many as our
panelists think the country's changed
and whether it's for the good of the bad
the country is changing as we speak
these natural disasters usually are
unifying matters for our country much
like when we attacked by foreign nations
and terrorists so I wish the president
would be more unifying in his in his
tone but at the end of the day the
resources are being delivered where they
can the responsibilities to the states
are being addressed this is not the last
storm we're going to face in South
Carolina and North Carolina or any of
these these coastal states and their
tragedies so at the end of the day I
pray and hope that people will
understand what's going on in our
country and we'll see how it works out
but if you're looking for the government
to always do everything for you then
there's always going to be a lot of
dissatisfaction well there's a few
things we expect the government to do in
national disasters that's kind of their
job now form of Republic in your
response you know this is why we have
Donald Trump because people like Dayton
don't have a sense of moral
responsibility themselves people in
public life have a moral responsibility
to speak out when there are elected
leaders and their own members of their
party do things that are morally
repugnant they can't simply go along for
the road it's not an answer to all this
hate and just say that well he was
elected yeah he was elected but now he's
doing very very bad things and you and
other Republicans should be denouncing
it and frankly we will have another
election in 2020 and you guys are going
to be out there supporting him against
challengers my goodness the reason that
the Republican Party is headed for the
ash heap of history is because you don't
have any sense of moral shame world core
and it starts with people like you came
I have to let him respond before I let
my other two panelists in very quickly
Katyn you know that's Jennifer's opinion
and if she doesn't I know we're OK but
at the end of the day if you're talking
about calling a president out and moral
authority and his personal habits of
maintenance is that our job no
we'll see we'll see we'll see what
happens of the morality of others come
on a consistent basis number the moral
majority that was Republican saying that
they were the arbiters of morality but
anyway I've worked we're out of time I
wish we had more time we need more time
we need more time I wish we could keep
already chairs around Kareem Jonathan
Jennifer Thank You Kate and stay safe we
wish all the best nothing but the best
to you and your family down there in
South Carolina and please make sure to
check out Jonathan's new calman radio
show you could talk to him on the phone
no on the radio
America on the line on WNYC Monday
through Thursday at 8:00 p.m. Eastern
check it out
voters in Maine meanwhile are making
Susan Collins extremely uncomfortable
more on that next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
