with tropical storm florence continuing
its assault on the carolinas President
Trump spent this Friday night talking
about Puerto Rico and hurricane Maria
and it's a safe bet he was tuned into
his cable news network of choice on
Twitter over just the past couple of
hours Trump has been doubling down on
his false claims that 3000 people didn't
die on the island he's also been quoting
foxnews contributors including Geraldo
and Lou Dobbs and Ed Rollins who are
calling the death toll a political
agenda praising the president's
extraordinary job blaming the Puerto
Rican government for being corrupt
remaining with us Tamara Keith and Josh
Gerstein Tamara I've got this other
tweet from the president he retweeted
FEMA tonight we have created a rumor
control page for hurricane Florence that
will be updated regularly during
disasters it's critical to avoid
spreading false information wondering if
that includes the death toll on Puerto
Rico what does the NPR style book say
about an era where we are covering
presidents denying death tolls on US
territories involving US citizens well
at this time we keep doing fact checks
and at this point we felt we rechecked
the fact before the statement and after
this statement in an effort not to
amplify things that simply aren't true
and and in and in the case of the death
toll in Puerto Rico it it is a slightly
complicated thing because the the death
toll was not properly calculated
initially and the Puerto Rican
government government acknowledged that
realized it was a problem commissioned
an independent scientific scientifically
sound study and and that study found
that there were nearly 3,000 deaths and
the governor of Puerto Rico accepted
that number and made it the official
death toll and the President of the
United States is saying no those people
didn't die it's an estimate it is not
you they have no
been able to count each individual
person it is an estimate but it's an
estimate that is the official number now
and it matches the number of families
and entities who have reported missing
loved ones employees and friends and and
Josh someone pointed out that given the
pressures of the press coverage given
the Woodward book again anonymous and
then manna fort and then Cohen all piled
up on top of one another president has
no travel plans this weekend weather
forecast chance of showers each day what
must we expect over the weekend well
it's going to be interesting to see if
the president managed manages to hold it
BAE the Twitter temptation particularly
on the manna fort developments I don't
believe we've yet to see any direct
reaction from him and he was very
voluble as we discussed earlier during
the trial and in response to the
verdicts and so forth so his lawyers
must be working overtime I guess to keep
him quiet about that but the
multitasking he's showing on the other
fronts is pretty amazing I saw something
on the order of 30 tweets covering the
situation in Florence but as you say
you're quite right he does seem to have
the ability now to jump in on this
question of the hurricane Maria and
Puerto Rico would seem that for better
spent on dealing with the emergency
unfolding now than relitigated an
emergency from quite a while ago but the
president's attentions are diverted in
the way that they are I suppose hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
