Paul Madoff which cooperation with
Muller could reveal one of the biggest
mysteries in this Russia probe what
happened inside Trump Tower at that
mysterious meeting with Russians well
it's a signature moment of course in the
investigation Muller eyeing it asking
for all the records related to anyone
there we knew that and that of course
includes Donald Trump's family members
son-in-law Jared Kushner and Don jr. and
while they can claim a kind of political
ignorance man afford who's now going to
proffer sessions he can't so what does
that mean for them and what happened
inside the meeting and did Trump know
more than he's led on NBC is reported
that man affords notes on the meeting
which Congress got a hold of had a
reference to political contributions or
the RNC the intrigue of bounds but Bob
Miller now knows a lot more than we do
Howard Fineman is NBC News analyst david
korn back with me Howard
the the news doesn't stop as you know
this is a huge deal on its own . then
you get within the last hour what I was
breaking on our show the Palmetto Ford
did more than one proper session which
Andrew Weitzman found useful viewers can
decide what they think of Andrew
Weissman a lot of prosecutors say he's
tough we just heard from Trump's former
lawyer on the beat saying he's too tough
or unfair walk us through the
significance of that and the questions
raised well I think this is all about
the money follow the dollars follow the
rubles call it whatever you want
I think Weissman is very good at
following that kind of thing that's one
of the ways in which he made his
reputation and I think that's been a
focus from the beginning I think part of
what Robert Muller is looking for here
is that Paul Manafort was dipping into
the same pool of oligarch money in
Russia and Ukraine to run his Ukraine
operation and I think they feel the
prosecutors feel that he can help them
follow the money trail to find out what
money was behind whatever collusion
there was I think that's his main
purpose here this is mostly about the
collusion branch of the investigation
not so much the obstruction branch I
think they want to deep dive into what
those relationships were don't forget
when manning you're saying yeah let me
let me let you build on that point
you're saying that wall panic Paul
Manafort may have touched say five-plus
did
for an illegal things the one remaining
thing that molars most interested in is
whether there is to use the casual term
dirty money there touched anyone who
might be on the receiving end of Russian
health yeah I think I think that's what
they think that man afford is in the
position to know the most about
he'll also know some details about who
said what to whom and that would involve
Jared Kushner that would and that would
involve Don jr. that would involve
perhaps Roger stone that would involve
of course the president of States he was
in Trump Tower he was in the building he
was in the 26th floor there's a lot he
would have heard a lot of conversation
was a lot of moments in a lot of rooms
that mana fort will be asked about but I
do think because he was drawing for his
own activities in Ukraine from the same
pool of money that the oligarchs were
filling that's one of the key aspects of
what Muller wants to go after with him
David there's one name that we haven't
talked about yet on the show Oleg
Deripaska right one the top and the
oligarchs on the closest oligarchs to
Vladimir Putin don't see a Paul Manafort
and he had been business partners for
some time but they had had a bit of a
falling out by the time that manna fort
came to run the Trump campaign he owed
mana fort
we don't have the phone number yet maybe
as much as thirty million dollars he
owed thirty million dollars to Putin's
close buddy while running a presidential
campaign we know from earlier molar
filings that his partner metaphors
partner guy named Constantine clinic a
former Russian military intelligence
officer with current ties to Russian
intelligence was a go-between between
Paul Manafort and Oleg Deripaska during
the campaign in which you know Manafort
might have been passing information to
Deripaska we don't know the full breadth
of this relationship what happened there
but I tell you through these proper
offers if not by now then very very soon
Muller will know everything right about
it and that could open up a whole
Avenue of Investigation of inquiry that
those on the outside haven't seen yet
and that then goes to our organizing
question for this discussion here which
is what Donald Trump knows or expects
Paul Manafort knows now Howard you had
reported and written that Trump was not
expecting Paul Manafort to flip reading
from your your reporting Trump said that
he'd decided that he was not gonna flip
or sell him out and he told friends that
that meant things were quote going great
he may feel different tonight I wonder
if you could put that from your
reporting and the evolution in context
Howard because you know to paraphrase
Drake about federal cooperation he said
I've seen what you do for fame what
would you do for freedom and Paul
Manafort for freedom or at least less
time in the slammer has clearly done
something that you reported Trump didn't
expect no I think I think Trump was I
think it's possible that they might have
heard about some of the proper
discussions going on but I think in
general I think I think Trump was was
surprised but would be my guess at this
point but the the the the key thing here
not only that is that is that is that
mana for chose to trust Muller rather
than Trump it's also and this is an
informed guess here that you know Paul
Manafort and his wife Cathy and and
their family have been through hell and
back at this point on a personal level I
would like to know whether Muller and
the FBI and other federal agencies have
offered to to protect Paul Mann afford
and I mean physically protect you mean
witness what you mean witness protection
which we don't I'm reporting on that
yeah I don't mean send them to you know
to the Idaho Panhandle but I mean you
know there are a lot of people in Russia
and Ukraine who are probably extremely
unhappy with the fact that mana Ford has
flipped as well okay but witness witness
protection it doesn't have to be simply
a disguised identity it can simply
assuring someone that their family is
going to be looked at at the point the
point here is that I think man afford at
this point decided to put himself in the
full embrace of the federal
investigative and
to bureaucracy I think it has materially
concerns on a lot of levels in a lot of
places in the world right now and I'm
furiously going through my notes because
we had a quote from Kevin downing his
lawyer and it was to paraphrase I'm not
gay I prefer to give the exact quote
whenever I can but he said he made a
decision Paul Manafort today that he
thought would keep his family quote safe
which which overlaps with some of what
you're saying so a lot here hey I'm all
right Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
