we will of course continue to follow the
latest on Hurricane Florence that
developing story but we also have this
stunning development in the Russia
investigation the president's former
campaign chairman Paul Manafort who
repeatedly said he'd never do it is in
fact now fully cooperating with the
special counsels office the deal
announced this morning in court where
manna fort stood before the judge and
admitted guilt to two charges conspiracy
against the United States and
obstruction of justice for witness
tampering he remains in jail for now
until sentencing the cooperation
agreement with the special counsels
office coming just days before his
second trial was set to get underway
remember it was just a month ago the
president Trump referred to manna Ford
is a brave man for not braking and
talking with disdain about people who he
called flippers so far though today the
president hasn't been heard from
directly no tweet so far his press
secretary Sarah Sanders did issue this
statement this had absolutely nothing to
do with the president or his victorious
2016 presidential campaign it is totally
unrelated and his lawyer Rudy Giuliani
issued a similar sounding statement
quote once again an investigation has
concluded with a plea having nothing to
do with President Trump or the Trump
campaign the reason the president did
nothing wrong for more on all of this
I'm joined by Kendall a nyan at the
federal courthouse where he's been all
day along with our new NBC legal analyst
blend Kershner former federal prosecutor
in Washington DC good to see both of you
so Ken is it accurate what both Sanders
and Giuliani are saying this has nothing
to do with the president has nothing to
do with his campaign do we even know
what he has to offer Robert Muller
we don't know Chris but it's not
accurate to say it has nothing to do
with the president the president is the
subject of Robert Muller's investigation
into whether the Trump campaign
coordinated conspired with the Russian
election interference and today could be
the most momentous day yet in the course
of that investigation it began when Paul
Manafort walked into a courtroom in that
courthouse behind me and utter the words
I plead guilty and before he did that
the lead prosecutor Andrew Weissman
walked the court through about 40
minutes of all the illegal conduct that
the Muller team has alleged against Paul
Manafort both in Virginia and DC and the
first two rows of that courtroom were
filled up with investigators and people
associated with the case a case that's
been called a witch-hunt by President
Donald Trump that's been len based it by
Trump's allies and Paul Manafort was
asked whether that was an accurate
rendition by the judge and he said yes
it was so while he pleaded guilty to two
charges he admitted to all of it to the
bank fraud the tax fraud the failure to
file as a porn lobbyist for let's not
forget Russian backed Ukrainian
interests so he got a pretty sweet deal
and now the question is what does he
have to offer the Muller team he has
agreed to fully cooperate and that means
meeting with investigators without his
lawyer present testifying when they say
he needs to testify turning over
documents and postponing his sentencing
crucially until they are satisfied that
he is fully cooperated so the big
mystery as you said Chris remains what
does he have to offer about Roger stone
about the Trump campaign about his
relationship with that Russian oligarch
Oleg Deripaska this is going to play out
in the coming months Chris and
metaphores attorney Glenn and by the way
welcome aboard it's great to have you as
part of the NBC and MSNBC team I'm his
attorney spoke just really briefly after
the hearing he also hinted that these
charges were just from years ago I want
to play that something for mr. Maddock
court but he's accepted responsibility
and he wanted to make sure that his
family was able to remain safe and live
a good life he's accepted responsibility
and this is for conduct that dates back
many years and everybody should remember
that so thank you everyone so glad you
have him as well as people on Trump's in
Trump's administration say oh this
happened a long time ago and yet the
reality is Paul Manafort has pled guilty
he also was convicted in his previous
trial he's going back to jail he's in
jail right now until this all plays out
which I wonder is that just a daily
reminder from the prosecutor for Paul
Manafort hey if you're having any second
thoughts if you're gonna hold anything
back if you're not gonna tell everything
you know this is where you can spend the
rest of your life yeah Chris there are
two important takeaways I think from
what we saw developed today first just
let me say with respect to the defense
attorneys saying this is from years ago
I mean you need to only look at the
paperwork that was filed in court today
Paul Manafort pled guilty to criminal
conduct that spans from 2006 to 2017
including the time he was then Canada
Trump's campaign manager so this years
ago dog won't hunt but the two important
takeaways from this Chris are one as Ken
actually mentioned metaphor pled guilty
to only two counts but those two counts
included all of the criminal conduct
that was laid out in all seven counts so
what he admitted to the court was that
you know what Muller got it exactly
right I did all of these things and then
and then over and above that he also
included a taking responsibility for his
Virginia crime so this I think puts yet
another nail in the witch-hunt argument
coffin Gwen can thanks to both of you
much appreciated hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
