ABC News is reporting this evening that
former Trump campaign chair Paul
Manafort has reached a plea deal with
Special Counsel Bob Muller now it is not
clear what is in that deal which means
we don't know if there's any cooperation
involved NBC News has not confirmed this
it's a breaking story from ABC but this
would reportedly entail mana for copping
a guilty plea which would stop the
second trial that is currently on the
books he was of course convicted of
eight counts in the first trial that was
brought by Muller's team now the reports
are that this new agreement could be
announced as early as tomorrow when
there was a scheduled hearing ABC saying
that man afford his team spent over four
hours today with key prosecutors from
Miller's team and they note that they
quote spotted the team arriving in a
dark SUV Thursday morning that's on the
mana Ford side pulling into a quote
secret entrance out of public view at
the building where special counsel
Robert Muller is based I am joined right
now by two former federal prosecutors
Cathy Flemming and Daniel Goldman Cathy
what do you make of this news and what
does it mean if Paul manta Ford is
cutting a deal but is not volunteering
incriminating information to the special
counsel well we don't know yet what the
deal is we don't know what he's pleading
guilty to we don't know if forfeitures
are involved we don't know what the
terms of the agreement are going to be
there are lots of good reasons to cut a
deal even if you don't cooperate
including stemming the bleeding you
don't want to spend the money on a trial
you don't want to have your dirty
laundry exposed you don't want to have
to go through all of what you have to go
through in a public forum but it is
certainly an interesting next step and
it's not the end of the line I suspect
even for mr. manna for it yeah I agree I
think that there there's sort of two
angles here the only way for Paul
Manafort to get a sentence reduction
from what he's gonna get in Virginia is
either through cooperation or through a
pardon if he takes the path of not
cooperating and negotiating a plea
agreement and there are good reasons why
he would want to do that and why Bob
Muller would want to do that
then we're looking down the road toward
a pardon and we have to wonder what kind
of conversations Paul man affords
lawyers have had with Rudy Giuliani and
Trump's lawyers pursuant to what's
called their joint defense agreement
where they can share information about
the investigation well that's the other
news that broke tonight dan walk us
through that Rudy Giuliani revealing for
the first time that they are in cahoots
that they are sharing confidential
information between the the mana fort
side and the Trump side that they even
spoke after man reports a guilty
conviction because while joint defense
agreements can be fairly common one with
the president under these circumstances
is dramatic and and it was sort of
foreshadowed or signaled re right around
the time that the first mana for trial
started because that's when Rudy
Giuliani's tune changed from no
collusion no collusion no collusion to
collusion is not a crime and I think the
reason is they got wind through man
forts lawyers of what Rick Gates had
told the special counsel because the
special counsel had to turn over to mana
forts lawyers all of rick gates prior
statements before he testified at that
trial so but this isn't which to be
which to be clear I just want to hammer
the point you're making you're saying
that the stuff that that went to mana
Ford as a defendant with his rights was
more than the Trump folks would have
known separately yes I think that's
exactly right so Rick Gates meets with
the special counsel tells them
everything he knows but no one sees that
until there's a trial and that's why
mana Ford got that information and all
of a sudden right at that time Rudy
Giuliani's tune changed but the the
thought that they are discussing the
potential pardon for Paul Manafort or
there are signals there may not be a lot
of legal recourse particularly if Paul
Manafort is not cooperating against
Donald Trump and so Donald Trump is
therefore not obviously and and clearly
pardoning someone who has incriminating
information about him but this is a
shocking and startling turn of events if
it is true that there is any discussion
and rudy giuliani's statement in the
port today where he said that a guilty
plea would not change the calculus for
the president a means that they're
thinking about it and perhaps discussing
it and also B runs afoul of any rational
reason that you would pardon someone if
they're admitting their guilt and let's
not forget re one more thing tomorrow
when Paul Manafort goes and enters a
guilty plea he has to admit to the
crimes that he is committing that's
gonna be a significant event so Cathy if
you look at this it's very easy to see
what Trump and Giuliani are getting out
of this if they're getting confidential
information and they're getting someone
who's resisting giving up the basic
facts that Muller is seeking on the
cooperation side so what would man
afford get out of this well man afford
is obviously getting some support
somehow it is all sight and I agree it's
a great question as to whether there
were any discussions as to whether there
could be a pardon in the offing and
let's put aside there have been some
public hints about that people have
speculated that some of the messages
that have come out have been I feel bad
for the guy this is sad you know this is
a tough thing on his family those are
pretty obvious hints at least or people
have interpreted it that way
one of the things that I think is
interesting this isn't the first joint
defense agreement that apparently the
team's been involved in they were
involved in one with Michael Cohen until
he decided to flip and then they
withdrew from that one and I don't know
who knows maybe they're involved in one
with Rodgers stones people maybe they're
involved with some other people we don't
know because generally you keep it
secret when you're in a joint defense
agreement every joint defense agreement
I've been involved in one of the
conditions of the joint defense
agreement is you keep it confidential
and you don't disclose to anyone that
you're in a joint defense agreement that
so Kathy extend that analysis because
you're putting it very artfully and
fairly another way to put it a little
more assertively would be that Rudy
Giuliani he seems to leak against his
own interest there may be a lot of cats
in his bag since he leaked on Hannity
the original information about
reimbursing Michael Cohen which of
course later was a confessed
to buy cohen as part of a crime he let
this cat out of the bag today during a
hurricane for no apparent reason do you
think this is just sloppy lawyering or
something more you know I would hope
that there's method to madness I always
hope lawyers have method to their
madness and perhaps he's trying to say
something to the world about we know
what's going on and therefore we're
gonna do it but I cannot imagine why he
would let out that there's a joint
defense agreement because if I'm a
prosecutor in this one I may think to
myself gee maybe I'm going to litigate
what the scope of that joint defense
agreement covered because even though it
does cover and it's a great thing for
defense lawyers to be able to engage in
a joint defense agreement you're able to
share privileged information it gives
you a tiny bit of a fight back against
the government who has a huge amount of
power against defendants in criminal
cases and it's a good thing to do but
it's not unlimited and if you're in
there if there's a lot of speculation
you may be able to if you're a
prosecutor you may be able to go in and
litigate what the scope of this is and
what was discussed and if that may turn
out to be just an awful thing for
everybody involved in this so I cannot
imagine why somebody did this and let it
out of the bag right and that's somebody
being Rudy what I want to do Cathy and
Dan has asked you to hang with us
throughout the rest of the hour because
we are looking and coming back to this
story right now for the breaking story I
want to turn to an elected official
Congressman Mike Quigley who is on the
pivotal House Intelligence Committee
soar sir your reaction to this report
which as I mentioned NBC News has not
independently confirmed but ABC News
reporting tonight that there is a plea
deal now reached between Donald Trump's
former campaign chair Paul Manafort and
Special Counsel Muller that it could be
rolled out as early as tomorrow's
hearing your reaction my reaction is we
have now heard the president call this a
hoax and a witch hunt before the length
of the investigation apparently tomorrow
another witch bites the dust
his chief campaign chairman his personal
attorney and his foreign policy chief
have all pledged it will
all pled guilty pretty serious stuff I
guess my second reaction is I thought
this morning when I read about the joint
legal agreement between the Trump legal
team and the Manta for legal team was
man affort was showing he was still
loyal sending a message to the Trump
team I'm still with you I didn't do the
Kohen thing of implicating the president
you know I went to trial I took one for
the team
I think perhaps very in favor to try to
get that pardon potentially this
confuses that just a little bit because
it's hard to imagine agreement that
doesn't involve some cooperation and
usually cooperation is all or nothing at
all when you look at this and you look
at some of the way people have
handicapped and I'm reading from some of
the other sourcing here today in the
coverage of the joint agreement one
prosecutor said there's not much more
mana fort can do to avoid a life
sentence short of getting a pardon
another attorney who represents a
witness in this case telling Politico
well mana 4 takes the plea he's just
adding to what for him at his age is
effectively a life sentence do you see
and does the Intelligence Committee care
about whether this is just a matter of
convenience for mr. Mann afford given
the convictions he already has or
whether there is something more that the
special counsel is going to get out of
him I would hope that the prep that I
would assume that mr. mogill has done
such an amazing job that it all leads to
finding out what took place if you're
asking me what the priority is of the
Democrats on the House Select Committee
on Intelligence is to find out exactly
what the Russians did who worked with
them who conspired with them and how to
prevent it in the future I would like to
think we learn a lot more I would
believe that the mana for trial would
have told the nation a lot more about
how people like mr. manna Ford and
others in the Trump financial world were
laundering money I think that is the
great unknown we barely scratched the
surface on how money-laundering took
place and whether it was in cooperation
with the Russians there's plenty of
clothes
Deutsche Bank was fined over 600 million
dollars for illegally
money with the Russians they were the
bank the long bank financing the Trump
financial world for the last decade
congressman if the Democrats do retake
the house do you view any negotiations
for pardons or potential pardons that
are issued by this president pursuant to
the Russia probe as something to
investigate I think that part pardons
have to be taken by anybody the American
public in the intelligence community as
an attempt to blunt a criminal
investigation and also as an element of
obstruction of justice so I think if the
house flips and we take nothing for
granted what we should do is analyze the
situation see what still needs to be
done what hasn't the Moller team done
what isn't part of their mission what do
we still need to find out and let's get
to the bottom of that hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
