all right joining us now former US
congressman an agriculturist secretary
in the Clinton administration and now
candidate in the special election to
fill that Cochran's US Senate seat
Democrat Mike SB who has some supporters
in the room here today how's the race go
cannot can I first say hotty toddy oh
you guys I'll see a bitch of Eli Manning
on the wall here I'm guys do realize
that my son Mike SP played the hole miss
for four years before he went to the
Washington Redskins
my name's our perennial wide receiver
you did yeah so so here we go he has fan
I'm doing so I picked my spots you know
wherever I going someplace mr. Bacharach
Mike with me he's very popular something
he's going to add 10% racist dong well
done Reds going well we're we're really
very very pleased
people like George Will Wright came and
we actually met it we were a restaurant
brought up wrote a column and he quoted
William Faulkner and he said that
illusions are really just as powerful
and just as real as bones or Bloods so
many people look at Mississippi you know
a Democrat from Mississippi
african-american for Mississippi that's
an illusion but George will quoted well
your partner's say delusions are just as
real as bones and blood so we're gonna
create some bones and blood we gonna get
the boat out don't get enough crossover
boats to win on November 6th and failing
that that's a runoff three weeks later
and I've got polling recent polling that
mark Melvin that shows that we go to
very very well on November 6 but if we
don't get that 50% plus one that will
move on three weeks later and we show
that will be T the the Tipperary
incumbent right so that's not so good by
the way I'll probably and and that's
what's so interesting and one of the
reasons we're here in Mississippi there
is a possibility as tight as the race is
for control of the United States Senate
as it looks
seven eight weeks out that there's a
possibility that if it ends up in a dead
heat and then you have a special
election three weeks later
whoever wins Mississippi will control
the United States Senate well that would
be interesting right now right now all
I'm doing I can't speculate on that we
don't know what's gonna happen to other
races I'm keeping my head down we're in
the bushes we're getting every vote that
we can we've got to turn out to African
American vote that's this race goes
through that's very community no doubt
about that but we also have to have
enough crossover votes to complement
that and win right so we're doing it in
every space Joey you know you were in
Congress I was - I don't like to talk
about it because think about this we've
been everywhere for the last fab you
know Cochran didn't resign it to March
right so other so they had to here six
years prepared we've had several months
right so we're doing very very well then
that several months because people
remember me they remember me in someone
a member of the historic 100 of Congress
with John Lewis when Jim ride was a
speaker and the thing that's different
and I hope that you know I hope that my
race will show is that things are so
dysfunctional and cynical and chaotic
and people are just so tired of the
reality show that they remember someone
like me who came in as a 30 year old
never raped won a race never ran a race
and won with 85% black vote but 11
percent white vote in 1986 and in 1992
for reelection I had 95% black poet and
40% white vote so but people remember
that I did things I responded to people
wasn't about race was about
responsiveness right so we did that from
86 to 92 and as you talk about taking on
the Trump agenda mr. secretary as you
know the state went by almost 20 points
for Donald Trump in 2016 yes so what do
you say to Trump supporters or you're
hoping to cross over and win their vote
if you're talking about going in and
challenging his agenda they like what
he's doing what do you say
I'm not running against Trump I'm
running for the office of US Senator and
I pretty much tell them that I'm a
Democrat I acknowledge that and I'll
caucus with the Democrats but I'm an
independent small I independent I do not
care what the idea comes from it's a
good idea that I've got to promote it if
it comes from the administration and
it's it's well-meaning and not it will
then I will support it but the reverse
is also true and everyone knows that I
do not care about talk about about
gender about race about religion about
party I care about getting the job done
so wherever the idea imitates originates
and it makes sense that I'm gonna be
there not proving that in 1986 1988 99
at night tonight - and even in the the
USDA so you'd vote with the president if
it were a good idea it was a good idea
yeah you know not every matter on the
side is stupid not every matter left
aside as it will not everyone on the
side and everybody's back but we have
value as well so people remember me from
that time right hand off and so we're
doing that Eddie so folks remember you
but we're looking forward we have to you
know there's there's the past yeah
there's there's a for there's a few
there's the future and the future is
really important because it seems like
it's in danger yes now we saw what
happened in Alabama with Doug Doug Jones
and you know saw the turnout we know
particularly black women specifically
leading the charge what are you
specifically doing to get the 38% of
black folk who make up the state of
Mississippi to come out and support you
because that's important Aleve the idea
what they remember it's it's what they
remember but also what I'm promoting
right now yeah that was a sector of
Agriculture right which is the mayor of
rural America so every town in
Mississippi it's not every town but
except for three or four every area is
within thirty thousands of people are
fewer and all of those communities were
serviced by USDA rural water rural sewer
rural homes now absent rural broadband
they all remember and they remember what
I did then
what we're doing now but also I've not
run in 20 years but Eddie I'm the
chairman of the board of a 200 million
dollar nonprofit and the Wall Street
Journal it made first this gave us the
national award for the most innovative
nonprofit in our in our sphere which is
going into low-income districts in
Mississippi Alabama Tennessee Louisiana
and Arkansas and building the wealth in
those low-income communities we give we
give mortgages up to $110,000 for Mike
and Joe that's that's a classic but in
Mississippi you get in the way you got
that popular state all right a hundred
thousand dollars is a pretty good three
thousand square foot the whole match is
very good we we go to medical don't
serve areas for without darkness we
build clinics we go to a service station
we go to areas with service stations
where people make groceries because
there's no grocery store and build green
grocery stores and then lastly what we
do we're now going into public schools
building putting credit unions and
public schools building wealth and and
and that's what I'm the chapter board of
that for the last fourteen years right
joy wait first I won't get a shot at
Eddie here I just want everybody to know
you know we got a cultural exchange
program going on here I'm wearing Ole
Miss gear and we got my brother brought
in Alabama Penn for me to wear and Eddie
has slapped it on Wow
well how's it feel do you feel the aura
of how many national championships with
all 17 national championships I feel the
greatness when Eddie runs for office in
the state they'll use that noise so you
watch Doug Jones pull off the special
election in Alabama no one expected to
see a Democrat win in Alabama yes does
that tell you that there's a powerful
movement for change down here do you
believe that that was just a one-off
race no I don't think it was a fluke at
all I've there Jones is a friend of mine
we talked to him about his victory and
he talked about issues you know
in admits to be just like Alabama we
have a lot of health issues and health
heals we've got all of these rural
hospitals closing because of the lack of
Medicaid reimbursements and
uncompensated care so we talk real
issues a rural development promoting
health care we're here at Oxford the old
myths I talk to students are sort of
about the brain drain that student debt
they just want to graduate without all
of this burdening debt and go to Greece
and go to Rome and sow your oats for
come back Mississippi because their jobs
here so I've talked to jobs hired a
senior consultant Joe Trippi had all of
his GOTV people know the women out in
the rural area Latasha Brown who is you
know we I didn't hire her she has her
own
I hear her own all of that and we're not
supposed to talk about that the thing is
that she knows what to do we don't have
to help her she's with us all right
he's talking about gonna Greece glad to
go to Rome to sell your Wild Oats and
come back to me and Willie and I went to
Turkey well ended up in prison for 14
years you don't get into it speak with
one of the other candidates in this
special election republican chris
mcdaniel thanks for checking out MSNBC
on youtube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
