we have a new document related to
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
and an allegation from his past that
sources tell NBC News is sexual in
nature today ranking member of the
Judiciary Committee Senator Dianne
Feinstein turned over a letter to the
FBI saying I have received information
from an individual concerning the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the
Supreme Court that individual strongly
requested confidentiality declined to
come forward or press the matter further
and I have honored that decision I have
however referred the matter to federal
investigative authorities the FBI
confirmed that it received the
information saying in a statement we
included it as part of Judge Cavanaugh's
background file as per the standard
process two sources familiar with the
matter have told NBC News that the
letter involves a sexual misconduct
allegation against Brett Kavanaugh
dating back to his high school days one
source told NBC News the contact the
conduct described could allege sexual
assault but said it could also be a
lesser allegation the New York Times
reports that this letter was sent in
July first to Democratic Representative
Anna su who then passed it along to
California Senator Dianne Feinstein but
the letter's contents did not come up at
any time during Brett Kavanaugh
questioning senator Feinstein did not
share the existence of the letter or its
contents with her Democratic colleagues
until late last night according to
multiple reports in just one week the
Judiciary Committee is set to vote on
Brett Kavanaugh that vote has been
delayed by the Democrats until September
20th and joining us now is Lisa graves
she's the former chief counsel for
nominations for the ranking member of
the Senate Judiciary Committee and was
Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the
Department of Justice Lisa this is an
extraordinary situation and it has
echoes of Anita Hill testifying to the
Senate Judiciary Committee she too was
reluctant as you will remember she did
not want to come forward publicly but
she believed she had information to
share about Clarence Thomas what what do
you make of what the committee has done
with this so far what would you
recommend
committee do well I think it's certainly
troubling for something like this to be
brought forward and I know from
observing senator Feinstein that she's a
cautious and careful senator and so I
think in this instance we have to wait
and see and I think that there is
obviously more things we need to wait
and see we know that most of the
documents that pertain to judge Kavanagh
have not been released to the committee
and there are serious issues about
whether he's been honest in the
committee I think he's lied to the
committee under oath as I've said and so
I think that this is one more instance
where the committee needs to take a
closer look in terms of not rushing him
not rushing to judgment but really
Lawrence I think in this case the
American people deserve a judge whose
record shows that he'll be honest about
the fact the law and judge Kavanagh in
the broader debate that's happening
about the job the documents have come
forward judge Cavanaugh has not been
honest he has not lied about a white lie
or trivial things but about
consequential consequential things and
so I think that Senator Durbin's letter
also from last night that talks about
new documents showing even further proof
of Judge Cavanaugh lying to the
committee is a serious matter for the
Senate it's a serious matter for the
court is a serious matter for the
American people because he wasn't just
making a political speech he was
testifying under oath to the truth of
his statements and I think he lied
repeatedly Lisa I'd like to get your
advice what advice you would give to a
witness out there like this this woman
and and what we know so far is that a
woman wrote a letter put this in writing
to congresswoman su in California
sometime this summer and at some point
congressman su passed that letter along
to senator Feinstein it is it has been
made very clear by the author of the
letter that she does not want to be
countable to go public in any way but
she also obviously putting in writing
these accusations about Brett Kavanaugh
which have been described as sexual
assault believes that she has something
important for them to know how do you
balance those two challenges one someone
who doesn't want to go public as a
witness but seems to have important
information and what would you tell a
witness
witness like that oh my goodness that's
such a hard question Lawrence I think
that you know first of all it's
important to honor the wishes of someone
in that circumstance if they do not want
their name to be known there are
procedures for the committee to have a
session and executive session or a
closed-door meeting to consider matters
that aren't in the public domain I think
it's a difficult position because the
person's name might leak and in fact we
know from the documents that met Miranda
stole from the United States Senate
server that there was a similar
circumstance in the in the documents
that were conveyed to judge Cavanaugh
where a woman who was a lawyer
representing a young woman in an
abortion case came forward to the
committee with a confidential letter in
her name was revealed by Manuel Miranda
to judge Cavanaugh even though that
document was was given only exclusively
to the Democratic senators to the
council on the Democratic side and so
there's a lot of danger of a person who
does not want to be named being named
and there are significant consequences
for that person there are also
significant consequences for the United
States and the court in terms of what
what what's the ones true record is what
is nominees true record is Lisa we're
gonna have to go to a break and get back
to some more hurricane coverage but I
just want to ask you the the Anita Hill
hearings were clearly one of the low
points in the history of the Judiciary
Committee I'm just wondering if the
committee I mean Orrin Hatch was is a
member now he was a member then he went
through that hearing he I would say she
shamed himself and they needed Hill
hearings in the way he performed he
wasn't the only one and I'm wondering if
the committee if the members of the
staff thought about that after the fact
in the years that they've had to think
about it after the fact and tried to
come up with some kind of corrective
procedure for a situation like this for
another Anita Hill if the committee were
ever confronted with it again it has the
committee ever thought this through and
and figured out how to handle this well
my conversations with other counsel and
and former counsel over time has been to
really take the time necessary in the
Senate as part of the advicing set
process to have as many witnesses as
really need to come forward to not move
quickly to not leave witnesses off who
have
sniffing material information as was as
came out after the fact in the Clarence
Thomas hearings and I think that that's
another reason why the procedures and
the lack of procedures in fact the
breaking of the rules by Senator
Grassley is so troubling because there's
such a rush here and that goes against
the entire all those lessons learned how
it's important to be very deliberate
take all the time needed to make this
very monumental decision about whether
someone should be entrusted for the rest
of his life as the Supreme Court justice
and Brett Kavanaugh is only 52 years old
at such a good point Lisa if this were a
normal confirmation scheduling process
we wouldn't have had the hearing yet and
therefore this item we're discovering
tonight and talking about tonight we
probably would have been discussing
before the hearing and staff like you
working on that committee and senators
would have had time to process at Lisa
grapes thank you for your expertise on
this your inputs invaluable to us really
appreciate it thank you so much Larry
thank you very much thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
