welcome back the other big story tonight
ABC News reporting and this is for the
first time former Trump campaign chair
Paul manta Ford has reached a plea with
special counsel Bob Muller as I
mentioned NBC News has not confirmed
this report yet it's all unfolding right
now and I'm joined by Senator Richard
Blumenthal a Democrat from Connecticut a
former prosecutor who serves on the
pivotal Judiciary Committee relevant to
this and the judge Kavanaugh news which
we're going to get to in a few minutes
first your reaction to these reports
which would have been shocking if you
think about this a year or two ago a
campaign chair having been convicted now
cutting a deal your reaction it would
have been shocking just a year ago
remember that Paul Manafort was in
effect tampering with witnesses his
apartment was raided by the FBI because
there was the prospect of his destroying
documents now there is the potential for
his cooperation which in my hope at any
rate would be involved in any kind of
plea agreement a trial often serves a
public education function and so the
public really needs and deserves some
public airing of what he did and why he
did it and the special counsel would be
well served by his cooperation because
he knows a lot about Russia collusion as
alleged against the president United
State well Senator on that point the
Cohen plea process involved a brief but
rather frank assessment of someone very
close to Donald Trump explaining in his
own words how he committed crimes with
Donald Trump although as you know the
question of what else the feds are going
to do with the the bigger part of that
is open do you think it would be a good
thing then if Paul Manafort does confess
to some of whatever it is that's in this
plea agreement tomorrow an open court or
are you concerned that this is all a bid
by Manta Ford who we learned today isn't
an active defense agreement with Donald
Trump to not have what you called the
public education function of that larger
trial this was going to be the more of
russia-related trial with
what happens in the actual plea
agreement but obviously if it involves
some reference and substantiation to the
claim that the president is an
unindicted co-conspirators that he's
implicated in serious wrongdoing that
goes to the legitimacy of his president
it will be further strong evidence and
support for the special counsel at a
time when the president is increasingly
overt and his desire to shut down that
investigation his sycophants and
surrogates in Congress are threatening
both the Special Counsel and the
Attorney General and the prospect of the
Attorney General losing his job is a
further threat to the Special Counsel so
anything that supports the special
counsels investigations be welcome I
want to broaden out to thinking about
this with President Trump and of course
the midterm elections that are hanging
over all of this because Michael Moore
who of course is a noted critic of the
president was on with my colleague Chris
Hayes last night one of the points he
made that's even broader than the
so-called witch-hunt attack on this is
whether the current occupant of the Oval
Office has the requisite respect for the
rule of law as a foundation of American
democracy or does he have a different
mindset called from business or
something even more a pseudo
authoritarian that doesn't really care
about that I'm curious at that broader
level given how much you work on these
issues what you think take a listen to
how Michael Moore put it I think that we
have someone in the White House who has
no respect for the rule of law who
dislikes democracy by an incredible
degree which doesn't make them really
any that much different from other
billionaires or CEOs because their
businesses are not democracies they rule
by Fiat they decide they make the call
so they don't like having anybody else
having a say senator
comparing Donald Trump to the normal CEO
I think is an insult to the American
business community because my hope is
that
the ordinary CEO has more respect for
the rule of law than Donald Trump in
fact he has nothing but contempt for the
American judiciary for the rule of law
and for the principles of democracy that
are so threatened because of his chaotic
and erratic administration and I asked
Judge Kavanaugh directly about these
attacks on the American judiciary in the
confirmation hearings I was deeply and
gravely disappointed by Judge
Cavanaugh's failure to denounce and
condemn these attacks on the independent
judiciary and when the history of this
error is written Mary I believe the
heroes will be our independent judiciary
and our Free Press who have done so much
to defend our democracy despite the
continuing contempt for the rule of law
demonstrated by our present well and I
think we have that and and that's the
other big story there are these written
questions that are part of the process
right now he was asked in addition to
what happened in the hearings as you
mentioned he was asked in a new round of
written questions you believe the
investigation is that is currently being
overseen as Special Counsel is a quote
witch hunt and judge Cavanaugh writes
back this was in response to your side's
questioning well sitting judges a
nominee should refrain from commenting
on current events and political
controversies senator do you think that
he is is being deliberately daft or
cagey there he's being evasive he was
evasive in the hearing in fact he was
seemingly misleading and that's why
today in the Judiciary Committee meeting
I move to adjourn that meeting so that
we could get the documents in time and
information are absolutely necessary
unfortunately so disappointingly my
Republican colleagues are rushing to
judgment and regarding this
responsibility as a rubber-stamp
not the real advise and consent that we
need and those evasive and seemingly
misleading responses from judge camara
make all the more necessary that we
access to the millions of pages of
documents that have been concealed and
hidden put aside the committee
confidential issue there are millions of
pages of documents from his service as
staff secretary to President Bush that
are directly relevant to the most
instructive period of his professional
life on that on that senator and the
question of transparency as you know
you're calling making waves today
Senator Dianne Feinstein I said publicly
she's got information from an individual
that she thinks is relevant to the
nomination but she sent it to the
federal authorities now she's not
elaborating at all on the nature of this
and as we do around here I have to
mention NBC News hasn't confirmed
anything about the details of what might
be in that secret complaint the White
House is pushing back and I want to give
their side they say this is an 11th hour
attempt to delay Cavanaugh's
confirmation that you were successful in
delaying today's vote by a week out of
the committee do you have anything to
add to senator Feinstein's rather opaque
statement all I can say is that senator
Feinstein received in the information
from an individual who strongly
requested confidentiality and declined
to come forward she honored that request
and nonetheless referred it to federal
investigative agencies specifically the
FBI for investigation but but senator do
you do you know did did the Democratic
side of the committee or senator
Feinstein receive that while there was
still time to raise it in the hearings
what I can tell you is that the senator
Feinstein respected the request for
confidentiality I learned about it
literally last night and we have
appropriately she has done so referred
it to investigation what about the White
House concern though that it does seem
late that the judge isn't getting an
opportunity to address this in the
hearings where that type of vetting is
supposed to occur I think we need more
information in documents on issues apart
from this one wholly separate from the
information that senator Feinstein
received from that individual and we
ought to have another hearing fair
enough the judge ought to come forward
to answer the questions that are fair
enough and I want to get you as well on
the other big issue we've covered a lot
of ground I appreciate you being
generous with your time before I let you
go row v Wade continues to hang over
this nominee and why he worked for a
pro-life administration in a political
legal capacity in the in the Bush
administration before he was a judge
Federalist Society pro-life credentials
which many people would say okay fine
then be honest about it but there is an
increasing view that under the
questioning of you and your colleagues
he effectively tried to hide that I want
to play for you a bill press so I'm sure
you know a journalist has covered five
different confirmation hearings here's
how he put it on on the beat regarding
Cavanagh statements to your committee
under oath about roe
take a look he lied I think he'd
assembled he lied all the way through it
I mean look let's face it let's just be
honest he is an anti roe v wade vote and
he will be on the Supreme Court I think
we know that five justices can overturn
any settled law and he would be a fifth
vote final question your reaction did
did Judge Cavanaugh lie and is the anti
roe v wade he was certainly seemingly
misleading in his answers and clearly
vague and evasive ambiguous in response
to my questions about a memo that he
wrote which said that roe v wade can be
over turn those are his words and also
said there are justices on the Supreme
Court who would vote to overturn he
potentially is the fifth vote to
overturn or at least chip away at roe v
wade in a way that undermines that
long-established precedent and undercuts
women's health care and reproductive
rights I hope that my colleagues will do
more than simply rubber stamp this
nomination
Senator Richard Blumenthal from the
Judiciary Committee on a busy night
thank you for being with us as part of
our coverage of those stories hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our youtube channel
below you
could have been anywhere in the world
that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
