here's a question what exactly is a
storm surge so let's take a look at a
typical beach everything beautiful the
ocean is normal when is it it is it
normal sea level
later high tide comes in so you might
have to move your beach blanket maybe
you're cooler but nothing to be overly
concerned about but a storm surge that's
very different that is what it's like
when you go high tide on steroids it can
grow from just a few feet to more than
12 feet any depth is dangerous since
this thing is fast-moving water it can
sweep an adult off their feet in the
blink of an eye so let's take a look at
how the storm surge actually forms out
there in deep waters winds they blow on
the ocean surface that creates a
vertical circulation of water under the
sea level you can't see it but I promise
it's there at this point there's little
indication of a storm surge that is
until the storm moves close to land the
rising ocean bottom pushes that water up
raising the sea level winds also whip up
destructive waves in front of the eye
leaving the water nowhere to go but on
shore fast strong damaging and get this
along with the storm surge a storm tide
can also push in adding a few more feet
on top of the surge and here's the real
danger a 3-foot surge could push into
just a normal home a six-foot surge will
be a but will be higher than an above
average adults head and a surge of 9
feet and you know we're expecting that
would reach the roof of any one-story
home but Florence this thing is
estimated to have a surge of up to 13
feet in some areas that pushes the water
up near the ceiling of a two-story home
our colleague Kerry Sanders got
first-hand experience on the power of a
storm surge way back in 2016 getting out
of the way was he was getting out of the
way just as the waters rushed by him
take a look this is what storm surge
looks like it's a fast
moving fast rising flash-flood with the
power of the Atlantic Ocean behind it
and imagine that Kerry was prepared for
that he knew it was coming many of the
people have stayed behind are elderly
they're sick they're concerned because
they have pets so we need to think about
those people if you have them in your
community and your family reach out
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
