on we must go today 601 as we said of
the Trump administration as the White
House prepares to deal with this storm
after already awarding itself high marks
for dealing with this storm there are
mounting questions of course about the
President's performance Bob Woodward's
in-depth look at the Trump presidency so
far describes incidents that have raised
new concerns about the West Wing it's
just been out since yesterday publisher
Simon & Schuster says sales of this book
have reached 750,000 copies by the close
of business on Tuesday the first day of
release earlier on this network Bob
Woodward described some of the concerns
among the people around this president
people closest to him do not trust him
and the impulse driven presidency is
something the more people know the more
they realize were at risk what matters
to people is the performance is
president and when you dig into this and
excavate it again you find people are
worried about the performance a new
report is suggesting Trump himself may
be taking these concerns more seriously
of late this is according to Axios they
write quote a few months ago he was
scuffing at midterm consequences for him
but now Trump has heard the dire
warnings from enough advisors that he's
shifting into Salvation mode as they
call it sharpening his campaign rhetoric
and privately contemplating life under
subpoena and the threat and reality of
impeachment a new CNN poll out tonight
indicates the public is watching Trump's
response to the Russia investigation and
to Robert Muller 50 percent approve of
Muller's handling of the Russia
investigation that is 20 points more
than the approval behind Trump's
handling of the same inquiry for more
let's bring in our leadoff panel on a
Wednesday night Shannon petty piece
White House correspondent for Bloomberg
and Sam Stein politics editor at The
Daily Beast
Shannon put it all into context
we are preparing for a storm president
handing out advance accolades but we
have it in context bad polling numbers
which we know gets to him the op-ed
piece in The New York Times which we
know still rankles and the Woodward book
which is just starting to get a long
ride I would go back even further well I
mean you can go back from day one but I
would also add this flap after McCain
the Omarosa books and the Omarosa tapes
that continue to trickle out a little
bit I mean when you look at these
approval numbers people you know I've
been asking people you know why are we
seeing such a drop now and that's what
they're saying they're saying that
there's just this just huge mass of
daily controversies and scandals that
seem to have picked up where it's not
only sort of these ones of the
president's own making but now these
ones being made by those outside and
closest to him and people also tell me
that they feel like there was a big
shift to we go even further back after
this immigration issue of families
getting separated at the border a lot of
people on the ground working on the
midterm campaigns feel like that was one
of the key moments that started to
really erode whatever support there
still was for this president and then
yes you throw in the books you throw in
the tapes you throw in a hurricane and
that's how you get to the situation
we're at right now where the president
has about 36 percent approval rating in
a number of polls at this point and Sam
I want to show you another poll this is
should Trump be impeached and removed
from office CNN poll look at that first
column 47 48 so Sam within a margin of
error plus or minus three point eight
you're possibly into the territory of a
majority of Americans there that
happened quickly
quite quickly in fact and you know it's
for voting for Trump obviously the
numbers suggest that should Democrats
take over one of the chamber it's a real
possibility
although of course you need a vast and
bigger majority in the Senate to make
happen but it's also I would say a bit
for voting for Democrats too and the
reason I say that is this there's a real
divide within the party ranks over how
to hand
this very issue Tom Styer the
billionaire environmentalist has led a
really robust and aggressive and
actually quite successful organizing
campaign about the need to impeach Trump
his email list is you know second only
to pay me Bernie Sanders at this point
in democratic party and he is finding
himself butting heads with the
leadership ranks of Democrats the Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer's who would
like nothing more than just not talk
about this whatsoever because they see
it as a motivator for the Republican
base so when you see polls that say
forty percent of all Americans not just
Democrats but all Americans support the
concept of impeachment it suggests that
down the road months from now Democrats
are gonna have to really tackle this
issue in a way that I don't think
they're prepared to do and Shannon have
you noted the fact that the two main
surrogates in media this week have been
both Trump boys we noted on the
broadcast last night a phrase you don't
hear outside of the Focker family and
that is the circle of trust yeah I mean
this issue of the president's you know
continual shrinking inner circle which
we've really been talking about for over
a year when we saw people like Keith
Schiller and hope Hicks and these close
allies leaving I mean now we're pretty
much down to Dan's Covino and Stephen
Miller for the people who are still
close to the inner circle from the
campaign days you still of course have
Jared and Ivanka but it seems that the
two of them are doing a lot more of
their own things not so much in that I
mean they're obviously still in the West
Wing but not in these constant daily
flows there is a lot of tension between
the president and John Kelly it doesn't
necessarily mean it's fatal but they
don't have that close relationship they
had any more so when you look at who his
advisors are at this point that are
incredibly close I would say we're down
to as I mentioned scavino Stephen Miller
Bolton is still very close
Pompeyo though he's traveling a lot and
the vice president I would note that the
vice president often gets forgotten but
he's probably one of the the people the
president spends the most time with and
again one of the last few survivors in
this administration if only by the fact
that the president can't get rid of him
because he was elected Sam I have
something else to show you
this is president's remarks from earlier
this evening the audience recipients of
the Medal of Honor let's listen the
Congressional Medal of Honor is the
supreme symbol of American courage it is
the ultimate tribute to American valor
you are the strongest the bravest and
the finest among us see my ego is not
that big I ask that Sam because it
speaks to his wiring and because let's
go back to the storm for a moment I've
always believed hurricanes are empathy
tests for presidents almost above all
and so when 43 flew over New Orleans
that was plainly not good enough yeah I
mean listen to a certain degree I guess
that clip shows some self-awareness from
Donald Trump but to your point you know
he seems just emotionally detached from
what are the traditional demands of the
presidency and that's never more true
than when you're in the crucible of a
hurricane and you know what his comments
his comments this week about how Puerto
Rico a hurricane in which an estimated
3,000 people died in the aftermath there
was an unsung success for him weren't
tone-deaf they were insulting the only
thing I would just add though is that we
know this by now by doctor we have
plenty of data points to back this up
that he lacks sort of an empathetic gene
that many politicians do have what is
more problematic in my estimation is the
fact that we have members of Congress
who know this as well but have done very
little if any oversight so for instance
the the response to Puerto Rico there's
not been a real congressional inquiry
into what happened and what went wrong
they know that more storms are coming
they know that Donald Trump will be
President for those storms but they have
yet to actually try to find out real
concrete answers about what the
administration did wrong so that we can
be better prepared for the next one and
so I think that's the real negative
element of the story not another
reminder that Donald Trump lacks empathy
indeed and I heard you make that point
yesterday a death toll that now rivals
that on nine
and not a single question has been asked
in Congress hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
