thing challenges this November of course
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's
warning a big electoral losses even
Texas seems to be in trouble thanks to
better O'Rourke Kinnear the Democrat
who's taken on Cruz well meanwhile the
president's reputation is under assault
thanks to Bob Woodward's scathing
portrait of a White House when the
precipice of a nervous breakdown
however the commander-in-chief still
gives himself high marks in fact
a-pluses on Twitter he wrote his
administration's past performance is
responding to hurricanes are in fact a
pluses tell me right now is Ohio
Governor Republican Governor John Kasich
I keep thinking of you governor as the
sort of the Republican alternative to
Donald Trump it's sort of the classic
Republican executive getting to add the
job but what do you think when you hear
about Trump described as someone
unattached to reality incapable of
expressing the truth Hutts
it's sad Chris and you know I sometimes
feel as though I live in a parallel
universe or that you know this is some
kind of a Woody Allen movie it's it's
it's truly very different and you know
look the Republicans are having trouble
because people don't want chaos they
don't want all this fighting they don't
want all this name-calling this has been
something that's been going on for a
long time they don't want family
separation at the border let me give you
another one the thing that it really
troubles me is I cannot believe that
there are a group of people in my party
who are saying people who have
pre-existing conditions can be denied
health care I mean I talked a lot of
Republican friends of mine and when I
say hey you know your kid your kids got
problems right yeah I said well if they
have a pre-existing condition you may
not be able to get health insurance may
this is really really odd and but I
think that there are parts of our party
that are really saying enough of this
I'm you know I'm starting to sense it
I'm starting to feel it and you remember
that old lesson Chris that you and I
both learned when we were on Capitol
Hill and that is you don't work for a
president you don't work for a party
when you're on the streets with the
folks they're judging you for who you
are so my advice to Republicans is hey
be
person be your own man or woman talk to
people about healthcare talk to people
about bringing the country together well
they can emanating from the White House
right now it's another layer of trouble
for Republicans in this November's
midterm elections here's how Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
described the Republican situation we
know this is gonna be a very challenging
election on the Senate side I'll just
list you a bunch of races that are dead
even Arizona Nevada Tennessee Montana
North Dakota Missouri Indiana West
Virginia and Florida all of them too
close to call and every one of them like
a knife fight in an alley I mean just a
brawl in every one of those places well
new poll Isetta polls out today so
explain why the Republicans are worried
while they have reason to be concerned
about what's coming up this like losing
the house one was for sure now on the
generic congressional bout about House
votes when voters were asked which party
they'd prefer to control the US Congress
after this November a new NPR Marist
Poll shows voters give Democrats a
12-point lead Quinnipiac gives them a
14-point lead governor what happens when
the Trump who inherited a majority
control this Senate majority control of
the House of Representatives loses at
least one of those controls is he going
to be faced with reality in the
Republican Party is it just gonna be s
his way through it again well it's gonna
be interesting to see how the party
reacts Chris you know I mean to some
degree there are people who say oh
things are going great and but that's
that's not the case you know about the
congressional race right out here in
Columbus Ohio where the Republicans
should have won overwhelmingly and
barely squeaked it out look there's a
couple things Chris that we have to
think about when you're the president
the United States people look to you as
a father they look as you somebody who's
the consoler
they look at you as somebody that can
bring harmony they look at you as
somebody that can that can bring peace
and when the leader I mean we all have
these images
of presidents in our minds right and we
think about we learn about George
Washington earlier we learn about
Lincoln or we learn about Reagan or we
learn about Roosevelt and in the sense
is that our president is a special
person who's not supposed to engage in
name-calling or fighting or chaos all
the time that president is supposed to
be somebody that is a healer and brings
the country together this is one of the
reasons why I had never supported the
guy you know one of the few in my party
that didn't support him because I
believe people need to be lifted I don't
believe that people need to be divided
and all the name-calling and all that
it's just wrong and it continues and I
tell you this there's gonna be
Republicans they're gonna pay a price
for it now if they want to do better
then these are individual Republicans
need to start being their own man or
woman their own person and talking about
the things they believe in and knock it
off and don't be afraid the presidents
and they don't like tell people what do
you make of the guy sitting next to me
right now sherrod Brown the Democratic
senator from Ohio what do you make of
them I've known Sherrod for a long time
you know what do you want me to say he's
you know he's in a race so I mean I'm
not here to endorse I'm not here to
endorse sherrod Brown Chris I mean
that's not that's not what my job is
what I'm saying to you for any
Republican gets me a lot the fact you
haven't knocked him tells me something
you know and I don't I don't like the
look I don't like to knock a lot of
people I disagree with Sharon on a lot
of issues but it's not my job to just go
around knocking people I mean I'm not
running against him I'd have a lot of
things that I'd want to say about him if
I was running but that's not my job I'd
say nice things about you senator but it
might hurt you with the Republicans I
mean Governor John Kasich of Ohio you
know what he was a pretty good on it he
was pretty good on the Congressional
baseball team that I'll say that a part
of no seriousness accounts for you know
we have we have a lot of differences but
we don't ever name-call he and I have
never done that about each other and we
can respect each other even though we
have very significant differences thanks
so much thanks so much Governor John
Kasich let me be there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
