day 641 of the Trump administration and
the president just wrapped up a rally in
Houston Texas stumping for of all people
his old political foe senator Ted Cruz
and I'll tell you what
nobody has helped me more with your tax
cuts with your regulation including
military and our vets then senator Ted
Cruz nobody
Ted's opponent in this race is a
stone-cold phony named Robert Francis a
rock sometimes referred to as Vito and
he pretends to be a moderate but he's
actually a radical open borders left
winger that's what he is
earlier tonight President Trump actually
called senator Cruz quote beautiful Ted
before departing for Texas and let's
take just a quick moment to review just
how crazy that is
liar you probably are worse than Jeb
Bush I don't get angry off but you mess
with my wife you mess with my kids
that'll do it every time Donald you're a
sniveling coward and leave Heidi the
hell alone lyin Ted holds that Bible
high puts it down and then he lies
Donald is a bully
the man is utterly amoral I think he's
crazy
I honestly I think he's crazy this man
is a pathological liar he doesn't know
the difference between truth and lies he
lies practically every word that comes
out of his mouth his father was with Lee
Harvey Oswald's ridiculous what is this
right prior to his being shot and nobody
even brings it up I mean they don't even
talk about that Donald Trump and the man
he now calls beautiful Ted tonight the
president once again spoke about this
caravan of migrants moving north from
Honduras toward the US it's become a
favorite topic for Trump as these
midterms approach as the caravan and
look that is an assault on our country
that's an assault
and in that Caravan you have some very
bad people you have some very bad people
and we can't let that happen to our
country and it's not and I was just
talking to your great governor and
Senators and you were talking about your
Attorney General who are going to be
introducing in a second but I'm talking
to a lot of your people and they're
going to form a wall different kind of a
wall until we get the other one built we
need a wall built fast earlier today the
president made this claim without any
evidence about the caravan and we quote
criminals and unknown Middle Easterners
are mixed in
I have alerted Border Patrol and
military that this is a national energy
he called it a national energy must
change laws tonight Ashley Parker
Phillip Rucker and Josh Dawsey of the
Washington Post report the President
Trump has settled on a strategy of fear
laced with falsehoods to motivate
Republican voters and we quote the
president has been especially focused in
recent days on a caravan of about 5,000
migrants traveling north across the US
border a group has darkly characterized
as gang members violent criminals and
unknown Middle Easterners a claim for
which his administration so far provided
no concrete evidence the approach in
many ways seeks to recreate the 2016
playbook that lifted Trump to the
presidency in which cultural flash
points and controversies like the
specter of mass illegal migration helped
energize Trump's supporters and he saw
plenty of that on display tonight in
Texas Republicans believe we should
protect public benefits for truly needy
Americans not for illegal aliens as we
speak the Democrat Party is openly
encouraging millions of illegal aliens
to break our laws violate our borders
and overwhelm our nation that's what's
happening the Democrats have launched an
assault on the sovereignty of our
country the security of our nation and
the safety of every single American
meanwhile some very high profile
Democrats were out on the campaign trail
urging people to get out and vote Vice
President Joe Biden in floor
supporting Andrew Gilliam for governor
and Bill Nelson for Senate President
Obama was in Nevada today supporting
Democratic candidates urging people to
head to the polls this kind of politics
it's it's not actually conservative it's
radical it's a vision that says we're
going to protect our power no matter
what even if it hurts for the country
it's about time we begin to tell the
American story it's about time we lift
their heads up get the hell up and take
back the country dreaming again
yesterday Carl Bernstein had this
warning about what he's hearing from
inside the White House about what could
happen if Democrats win I talked to
people in the White House are in touch
with the White House on Friday who
believe that if the Congressional
midterms are very close and the
Democrats were to win by five or seven
seats that Trump is already talking
about how to throw legal challenges into
the courts so confusion declare a
victory actually and say that the
election has been illegitimate and now
to our leadoff panel on a Monday evening
Sam Stein politics editor for The Daily
Beast and Carolyn Ryan back with us as
well assistant managing editor for The
New York Times and a veteran political
journalist so Carolyn what does it say
about these midterms that these two guys
let's speak English
who hate each other we're side by side
and lovey-dovey at this rally tonight in
Texas what does that say about any of
this well in in the midterm when you
have incumbent senators running for
reelection there's always a little bit
of a dance in my would the president
aren't some issues do I depart from the
president this is nothing like this this
is acrobatics like we never see this is
somebody who suggested the candidates
father had something to do with
assassinating one of the most popular
presidents in American history so what
you're really
is how important Texas is to the
Republicans but also how important
momentum is overall in securing those
red states
so you're seeing Donald Trump out a lot
you're seeing Donald Trump assume the
stage dominate the news and as you
pointed out in the intro really pointing
to issues that helped him two years ago
immigration which you know you have the
there really being aided by that visual
of a caravan and he's throwing a lot of
falsehoods out there about what is
happening but Democrats as you know when
you're talking immigration are usually
on the defensive republicans like that
issue they like it for their base and
they really want to get those sort of
blue-collar Trump voters out the problem
in a midterm is not that your voters
might go for the other guy it's really
the indifference so you've got to
mobilize you've got to energize and
sometimes you've got to scare people and
that's what it seems like they're doing
so Sam let's start with that Caravan
presidents out there certainly
indicating the Democrats are funding it
others are straight up saying it's
George Soros no evidence of either one
being true these bad people are going to
come for your homes and your family
there's embedded gangsters imbedded
vaguely Middle Eastern people is that a
strategy yeah I mean it is a strategy
it's based in you know abject falsehoods
or just serious lack of understanding of
what's actually happening first of all
this Caravan is somewhere between 2,500
and 3,000 miles from the border it's not
descending upon the United States so we
should be clear about that and
secondarily there's just no evidence
even provided by the Trump
administration itself to support the
president's assertion that there are
quote unquote Middle Easterners within
the caravan as if being from the Middle
East is inherently a bad thing which
it's not so this is of course a strategy
that Trump uses it's a strategy based on
fear it's a strategy based on fear of
particularly of brown-skinned
people from the southern border coming
across and taking over American society
socio-economic Lee and it has worked for
him
in the past obviously work in 2016 and
clearly the White House feels like from
a political standpoint this is the type
of issue that could be beneficial in the
midterm elections and I will say just a
quick you know observation of the media
coverage today they have been very savvy
at it they've injected a topic that
hasn't been or isn't it hasn't been a
focal point of a conversation isn't that
pressing of an issue per se and they
made it into national news throughout
the course of the day now can they
sustain that for two weeks I don't know
because it's not it's not a pressing
issue compared to everything else
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
