tonight sweet the midterms focuses on a
state we usually associate with
presidential elections or at least
presidential primaries New Hampshire
where Chris Pappas won the Democratic
nomination in the state's swingingest
district in the country the first
congressional district last night Pappas
defeated ten challenges including Bernie
Sanders son Levi Hill now face Eddie
Edwards who won the Republican
nomination their history will be made no
matter who wins in November Pappas would
be the first openly gay member of
Congress from New Hampshire Edwards
would be the state's first
african-american American member hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
