I want to say one thing to the American
people I want you to listen to me I'm
going to say this again I did not have
sexual relations with that woman miss
Lewinsky I never told anybody to lie not
a single time never these allegations
are false and I need to go back to work
for the American people thank you with
President Bill Clinton more than 20
years ago responding to allegations
about an affair with then intern Monica
Lewinsky the following September came a
damning report filed by the Independent
Counsel Ken Starr whose recommendations
after a four and a half year
investigation of the Clinton
administration led to just the second
presidential impeachment in American
history for the first time Starr offers
his full perspective in a new book
titled contempt a memoir of the Clinton
investigation and Ken Starr joins us in
studio now and it's good to have you
with us thank you you know we were just
talking I think people forget because
we're of where we ended up with the
Monica Lewinsky story that this started
as an investigation of an Arkansas land
deal this was a real estate
investigation first and I asked this
question because I think it has some
bearing on what's happening now with the
special counsel is how did we get from
whitewater to Monica Lewinsky it was a
long road as I recount in the book
Willie when we arrived or what I arrived
in Little Rock Arkansas
my predecessor appointed by Janet Reno
Bob fish said Ken move your family to
Little Rock you're going to be here for
a long time why why would a failed land
deal or because the investigation as Bob
Fiske a very honorable and great person
terrific lawyer had framed the
investigation under the auspices of
Janet Reno it was very far-flung we were
looking into the death of Vincent foster
jr. we were looking into webster hubbell
some of these names from the past and
his billing practices and his defrauding
the federal government we were looking
into campaign violations of the
Clinton gubernatorial campaign in 1990
so his mandate was much broader than the
American people realized and certainly
that I realized what I arrived in Little
Rock on that very hot day in August of
1994 well as you may know some of your
critics had said when you found out and
you confirm that Vince Foster had
committed suicide of confirming a
previous finding that you didn't need to
keep turning the next corner and end up
at an affair in the White House what do
you say to those critics well what the
critics failed to take into account with
all respect are the facts the facts
including the Janet Reno kept expanding
the investigation she asked me to look
into the travel office firings that
Hillary was so deeply involved in and I
described that in some detail and in the
book secondly she asked me to look in
the FBI files investigation we were
looking into whether the RTC the
resolution thrift corporation was
improperly influenced to hold off on the
investigation of Madison guaranty
Savings and Loan so there were a variety
of things that we were looking into that
again there were no press releases we
were just doing our job and what do you
say then to people who are watching the
Muller investigation about what can
happen when an investigation starts at
one place and where it may end up they
should rest assured that if they're
concerned maybe they're applauding but
for those who are concerned that their
checks and balances in place namely Bob
Muller
unlike the Independent Counsel law under
which I operated is an officer of the
Justice Department and in the book I try
to make these and draw these
distinctions but that 21 year experiment
with the Independent Counsel statute was
really a noble idea but it was just very
poorly designed and one of the things
that it did was that it pointed the
investigation toward impeachment by its
Express terms the statute was
essentially calling on the Independent
Counsel go to the House of
Representatives by command shall report
to the House of Representatives we have
a totally different and frankly more
pro-democracy structure now that I think
is more respectful of the election
process so is that that quote that
you've mentioned Bob fists telling you
you're going to
be here for a long time in Little Rock
it jumped off the page at me when I read
it what is your assessment of people
largely on the Republican side in the
house and the Senate clamoring for Bob
mullahs investigation to end when in
fact between Bob fists between Ken Starr
and between Bob Rae your successor the
investigation went on from 1994 and
finally concluded in the year 2002 so
what is your assessment of people who
think it's some calamity that mullahs
investigation has gone on now for 15
months
well my perspective is you don't know
what you don't know and you don't know
what Bob Muller knows and the assurance
that we have is that Muller reports to
someone who I think is very honorable
whom I know well rod Rosenstein the
Deputy Attorney General because of Jeff
Sessions having recused himself so again
there are these checks and balances in
place that I think are they should be a
source of assurance but there's just the
politics and the partisanship but the
work that has been done thus far worse
now the partisanship then what are you
confronted I'll tell you it was nasty
back then and we were under continual
and unrelenting assault by the Clinton
White House it's just a fact now I think
they're more avenues more platforms
social media was essentially
non-existence Mark Zuckerberg has not
had no awakened to the the bold future
that he was about to help create so it
is a different environment now but no
the partisanship as I talked about in
the book Mike was really nasty I mean it
was personal it was bloodsport as James
Stewart said in his in his book about
the way the Clinton White House operated
very vicious determined to take you out
mica so Ken Starr can a president be
indicted and if the answer is yes why
are so many people calling this a
question they can't answer well I think
a president can be indicted but that is
not the position of the Justice
Department traditionally going back to
the Nixon Ford era
and continuing through President
Clinton's tenure and the authoritative
within the Justice Department view is
set forth in an office of legal counsel
opinion in during the Clinton
administration in the year 2000 and so
the basic point is we do not have a Thor
attainted resolution on the issue my
point is as I described in the book the
Supreme Court the United States in the
case of Clinton versus Jones the palo
corbin jones case determined unanimously
that the president is subject to civil
litigation well if anything is clear to
me the public policy concerns underlying
in informing the criminal justice system
are even stronger all the arguments
President Clinton made with respect to
I've been busy I have had these heavy
responsibilities and no one gained says
that of course it's absolutely true and
we should be very careful and respectful
of the president's schedule and the like
but no one is above the law and so in my
judgment the president can in fact be
indicted but it cannot happen as I see
it under Justice Department policy as
and that's enforceable on Bob Muller
what about the question of responding to
a subpoena
Rudy Giuliani back in the late 1990s had
said that you president if subpoenaed
would have to respond to it now Rudy
Giuliani 2018 is saying no I'm curious
what you what your opinion is about a
president's ability to just ignore a
subpoena from a federal court if he
chooses to well I love Rudy but Rudy was
right then as I described in the book
the takeaway from the book is Rudy is
not correct now it is in fact the case
as I described in the book content that
the president is subject to subpoena and
eventually after we were pushed back and
by the White House during the Lewinsky
phase of the investigation we invited
the president through letters five times
to come before the grand jury
into give an account before the grand
jury push back push back and so I
authorized the issuance of a subpoena
promptly with his very able lawyers from
Williams and Connelly we reached a
resolution that is now part of history
his famous August 17 1998 appearance
before the grand jury my view then and
now as a president can be subpoenaed
can you made some headlines earlier this
week the headline read all over the
internet quote I regretted the whole
thing quote from you talking about the
Clinton investigation the full quote is
I regretted the whole thing but it had
to be done what element of the Clinton
investigation do you regret today well
first of all I think it would have been
better for the nation he goes without
saying for the president to have been
truthful in the first instance and not
to have committed perjury he has
apparently just unlimited belief in his
abilities to convince anyone including
the court of law and the reason this
book is named contempt as he is the only
president of American history to have
been found in contempt by United States
District Court judge and he didn't
appeal from that from that ruling so
just tell the truth so I was hoping that
he would tell the truth in the August
7th of 17 1998 grand jury appearance he
was urged by members of his own party
who recognized that by this time they
knew he'd committed perjury and the
civil deposition in the palo corbin
jones case don't do it again mr.
president for your sake for the sake of
the nation tell the truth but he chose
to lie and so all this so I regret that
whole thing I was supposed to be at
Pepperdine University as the Dean and
all of a sudden the big stop sign went
up in the form of the Attorney General
United States Janet Reno making the
determination Willie that this had to be
investigated you cannot turn a blind eye
to the possibility of perjury
obstruction of justice and the like as
you look back 20 years later do you have
any regret or do you feel any
responsibility for what happened to a
young intern in Monica Lewinsky and what
her life has been like well I deeply
regret that but we gave Monica the
opportunity she's a very bright young
person now she's
she's very bright she's very able and
she made a calculated decision in
January of 1998 I'm not going to do
anything as I recount this episode of
the book we heard her say this to her
mother I'm not and she used a pretty
strong language I'm not going to do
anything to bring this president down
and so she embarked on this long journey
of loyalty that I think contributed to
her unhappiness we wanted to make a deal
and if we had been able to make an
immunity deal we were right right there
on the spot willing generously to say
regardless of your the perjury that
you've already committed we're trying to
get to the bottom of this we're
authorized by the Attorney General a
special division just tell the truth
cooperate with the investigation and she
said no for five months then she got
some great defense lawyers who said
let's make a deal before I let you go do
you think that loyalty came under some
duress from the Clinton world
I don't pressure it into that I don't
know whether is but but obviously she
was so smart she's so able she could see
ahead that that might result in at least
the resignation of the president the
book is contempt a memoir of the Clinton
investigation Ken Starr great to talk to
you thanks so much thank you Willie
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
