joining us now we have the president of
the Council on Foreign Relations and
author of the book a world in disarray
Richard Haass also with us NBC News
Capitol Hill correspondent and host of
KCG C on MSNBC of course you see her
every Sunday night on MSNBC Casey Hahn
we'll get to them in a moment they've
got questions and reactions for Bob but
first Bob Woodward I want to read for
you from David Ignatius his latest
column in The Washington Post and it's
entitled what a baby in which she writes
in part about his takeaways from your
new book only a man who is deeply
worried about his own strength would
talk as much as Donald Trump does about
the danger of appearing weak Woodward's
recounting of trump's conversations is a
study in character or lack of it the
president's vanity pettiness and
meanness of spirit were evident already
in his tweets and public statements but
here is the annotated version as told by
Woodward by Trump's aides replete with
enough f-bombs to stock an arsenal of
profanity when Trump is on the verge of
doing something conciliatory apologizing
for a racist or sexist comment for
example he stops himself for fear that
it will show weakness
Trump often expresses a peculiar concern
about looking like a baby he blasts
campaign chairman Paul Manafort after a
critical New York Times story saying
Paul am i a baby is that what you're
saying I'm a baby it's Darwinian
worldview never retreat eat or be eaten
but it goes back to Bob the truth being
in question because now you have so many
people who have spoken to you and
apparently some who have spoken to the
New York Times who are lying to the
president every day so you have the
president putting the truth in jeopardy
and then a whole swirl of Lies happening
inside the White House well one of the
problems here in most presidents suffer
from the disease of isolation
here's George Kennan who said you have
the treacherous curtain of deference
that falls down when people get in the
White House and simply don't really
break in and and kind of say hey look
Gary Cohen in the book at one point says
to the president if you would shut the F
up you might learn something and at one
point actually physically strikes him to
get his attention but you almost have to
do that to get from - to me yeah you
know how it's so interesting David
Ignatius talking about reading your book
that Donald Trump even if he's on the
verge of apologizing he won't do it
because it makes him look weak it
reminds me of in the fall of 2015 I
called him on three separate occasions
after what he said about McCain I said
you need to apologize to John McCain
there was silence
I had a similar call after the megyn
kelly episode and a similar call after
his introductory statements on Mexicans
and finally after the third call of
course he never apologized he said I
just don't do that I just don't do that
why doesn't he do that
well it's it's a style and as the book
is called fear and the belief he
articulated to Bob Costin myself is that
real power is fear and that you scare
people and of course if you apologize or
backtrack that doesn't scare people and
so and I also just think frankly it's a
habit he just won't do it
and it's been something that that he
falls back on I also think that it's
it's very important to understand when
somebody's elected president of the
United States there is a self validation
that takes place and our dear Lord yes
yeah and Wow i won only a few people get
elected president in in Trump's case
where
defied the party and all the rules and
no previous political office so there is
that sense of I know best not just some
of the time but always most presidents
of course have that when they walk
through the gates they think they're the
smartest people in the world and they're
the first people to crack the code
this president though of course has that
in spades I I was going to ask you what
Donald Trump's friends thought about his
transformation but he doesn't have a lot
of really close friends but were you
able to talk to those that knew him
before becoming president who because
there are quite a few who were surprised
that surprised at how he's handling
himself in the White House in that he's
become this far right-wing creature that
he really never was and private life
when he had to be a developer in
Manhattan dealing with the New York City
Council I focus on what he does is
president this is a performance
evaluation in description and yes I've
talked to some people about that and I
think if you really look at his
performance as president it's not
ideological it yes sometimes is
right-wing and sometimes the rhetoric is
that way sometimes the actions and the
Reder is quite practical Richard Haass
this president is on his what his third
National Security Advisor his second
Secretary of State still on his first
son-in-law why don't you say something
about the process of making policy in
foreign national security and who if
anyone he really listens to we'll see
that's the problem he will not listen
that well and he's got ideas I mean one
if you kind of extract what those
central ideas are he hates the idea
we're spending money 3.5 billion dollars
keeping troops in South Korea
it's one of the great national security
bargains of all time is you know right
if you were working in the government
would you say that's wasted money no
just the opposite you actually look at
NATO you'd look at South Korea and you'd
say this is a bargain a complete bargain
they'd have told him if the cost was ten
times what it is we would do it and he
somehow thinks were being cheated that
were being played for suckers the second
theme here is he thinks that these trade
deficits are bad for the economy
actually the trade deficits with
specific countries are good for the
economy because Americans are buying
things that have lower prices better
quality and that money is not taken from
us quite the opposite but somehow he's
got his in his head the idea that this
is we lose this money Americans lose
this money and 99.9 percent of the
economists radically disagree from both
parties all kinds of economists except
for two people who were in Trump's orbit
Peter and Navarro who's the special
assistant in the White House and Wilbur
Ross who's the Secretary of Commerce
they agree with the president looking
through this I found no one else who
does and empirically it makes no sense
to really worry about these trade
deficits like he does but he's obsessed
with it really Casey hunt hey Bob it's
good to see you my question in the wake
of your book there's been a lot of
reporting about how the president trusts
fewer and fewer people combine that with
the op-ed it's even worse but since
you've spoken to all of these people in
the White House I'm wondering what your
assessment is of how many people there
are around the president that are still
truly loyal to him the person and how
does that compare to previous presidents
and White House's that you have
documented in a similar way
that's an important question and the
answer is not enough presidents need
lots of staff
lots of advisers lots of input need to
have a pretty open debate making these
decisions at one point the Gary Cohen
the chief economic adviser is talking to
the president the president says well
let's do this and they said well no you
know you only do things with the
American economy when you're a hundred
percent sure you just do not take risks
with the American economy the president
does not look at it that way Bob I'm
curious to get your take on the state of
journalism in the age of Trump you've
covered nine presidents I think you
would not dispute that the press has
been more aggressive and adversarial
with this president than maybe any we've
seen in recent memory how is the press
handling Donald Trump and should the way
they're handling the press be the model
for whoever the next president is
Republican or Democrat well I think it's
critical important to be aggressive I
don't know whether it's you if it looks
political if there's a kind of
adversarial toned I'm my work on this a
long time ago became what somebody
called a radical centrist an ultra
centrist and you the the politics of
this don't work for this kind of
journalism when you're really trying to
find out and so I think we we need to
work on we can be tough what I've said
is analytically sound I believe
factually sound but I'm not going to get
into psychological or personal
evaluations of the president I want to
describe exactly what he does and that's
you look at it and you assess it put it
all together it's it's alarming for
example some previously objective or
means
News reporters have injected opinion
into their reporting because they
believe the stakes are higher this time
what do you make of that well what I
think that you can be analytical an
opinion and again it's so much about
tone I think sometimes and you can truly
understand this when if you're covering
from day after day you've become a
little emotionally engaged and unhinged
about it at all that's understandable
but that fuels the distrust of the press
when people who are neutral or Trump
supporters look and they say see this is
opinion this is bias this is not
analysis or fact well one of the things
that he has done that has truly worked
is the fake news chattering on and on
about that that's sunk in explain to
people watching in the course of your
work and in others work in our business
the difference between off-the-record
conversations background conversations
for reported that I did all of this
reporting a deep background which and I
made it clear to people with the tape
recorder going I will protect you as a
source not name you but I'm going to use
all the information so it's not
anonymous to me the events described are
so specific they're not anonymous and
when people would try to say let's take
this off the record I said no we're not
going to do that I think that's been a
mistake in our business that we know of
the people that I mean a lot of people
have said oh yeah well I heard that I
knew that in the daily coverage I
understand that for somebody trying to
say look this is what's really going on
and here's the interesting psychological
point you're interviewing somebody and
you're in your seventh hour eighth hour
and they say oh yeah
to tell you this off the record and if I
say no no off the record you know okay
I'll tell you anyway and that is
important you're smiling and it now I
can do that for a book because I'm going
back and trying to verify everything and
get the full context and you know but
we're being used and we're the public is
being cheated because reporters know
things that they can't communicate I
they're people who denied or semi denied
things that are in here and they had one
of the best reporters in Washington say
I heard exactly that from that person
but it was off the record all right Bob
Woodward thank you so much your new book
fear is out now thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more from morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
