um let's go now we've got Bob Woodward
with us mikka today bob has Bob he's
done it again yeah I mean seriously Bob
you you've seemed outdo yourself every
time with this time you tell the inside
story of the Trump administration in the
book fear we knew you were working on it
we knew you were working on something
and you you disappear and when you come
out there's an explosion of political
explosion there's been one there's been
one here as well Bob I want to ask you
though what's your biggest takeaway
let's let's just look at this entire
project from 30,000 feet if you were
trying to describe it to somebody the 30
years from now a historian what what was
the big idea with the Trump
administration in its first 18 months
what would you say one way to connect
the dots on this there's a war on truth
that the president launches and he just
will not accept it it's not a matter of
alternative data but the information in
the data and the conclusions of
particularly national security experts
in his own government and economic and
financial experts so in the course of
this people closest to him do not trust
him and the impulse driven presidency is
something that the more people know the
more they realized were at risk
you cut your journalistic investigative
teeth obviously on the Nixon
administration compared Richard Milhous
Nixon relationship with the truth to
Donald J Trump's well there was Nixon
was not a big believer in the truth but
as the tapes and the testimony in that
investigation in the 70s established it
was a criminal president breaking the
law all the time using the power of the
presidency is an
personal revenge to settle scores with
enemies real perceive in the case of
Trump there is the molar investigation
which clearly is important but it's not
ended and we don't know whether they're
going to come up with information that
establishes criminality but what I
thought that vacuum here in the coverage
of Trump was excellent first of all
excellent reporting by my newspaper The
Washington Post The New York Times Wall
Street Journal but the focus was not so
much on the molar an investigation the
question really is how does Trump
perform as president and the in the
foreign policy areas the handling of
North Korea Afghanistan the Middle East
all of the immigration issues all of the
trade issues I was able to excavate and
find out right actually what happened
and again this is just the patter and he
won't face what's real right so before
we get into the specifics of that I
still want to talk about Trump the man
because so many people have have
differing opinions on on his fitness to
be President his mental fitness his
physical fitness
let me start though by again let's focus
on the truth let's focus on Donald Trump
the person how is Donald Trump a lie
like Richard Nixon how is Donald Trump
different than Richard Nixon but you
know each president I've done books now
nine nine presidents from Nixon to Trump
that's 20 percent of the presidents
we've had in this country and each one
is different in unique there are some
similarities there's some differences I
think the key in examining
Trump is actually what will he do when
people present him with facts for
instance it sounds a little esoteric but
the World Trade Organization which the
United States is a member of very
important allows us to file complaints
of unfair trade practices and there's a
meeting in the Oval Office and the
president says well the World Trade
Organization is the worst organization
ever we lose all our cases and they
present data no no we actually win most
of our cases there yeah like eighty five
point seven percent of them not just
eighty five percent but eighty five
point seven and he says no that's not
true and that the people there say look
called the US Trade Representative your
guy and you will confirm this I don't
want to hear I don't want to call him I
don't want to deal with it and at some
point he gets literally where the they
hates ask where did you get these ideas
and he will say well I've had them for
thirty years they're right and if you
disagree you're wrong yeah so have you
did you hear for when you interviewed
all all of people that is staff members
and acquaintances and people that were
close to his orbit any concern about
Donald Trump's well-being mentally or
did they just believe that he he just
he's got an efficient personality that
that can't handle the truth happily I'm
not a psychiatrist and I don't dig into
that what matters to people is the
performance is president and when you
dig into this and excavate it again you
find people are worried about the
performance the inability to grow
the inability to listen the inability to
change his mind and so right you have a
situation I make this point but I think
a real ardent trump supporter would go
through this and say gee maybe I like
Trump and some of the things but this is
not the way to manage the government you
know I know you're not a psychiatrist
I'm just curious if anybody expressed
concern to you while you were
interviewing them that that he may not
have the mental capabilities to be
President the United States
well I demonstrate scene after scene how
he deals with reality and data and in
the course of it I mean in one National
Security Council meeting he so on so
worked up about how much money we are
spending with troops American troops
abroad in South Korea or in Europe and
he thinks were being cheated
and finally the Secretary of Defense
mattis when you know Trump is well you
know why are we doing this what what do
we get out of at mantises we're trying
to prevent World War three
because mattis at this point is so
frustrated has to communicate and tell
the president and this is a year into
office this is not the first week
literally has to tell him we're trying
to prevent World War three now can you
imagine the secretaries of defense we've
had say Bob Gates having to tell George
W Bush or Barack Obama that actually our
job is to prevent World War three
they knew that that's the core painter
probably the number one responsibility
of the president Bob you've heard all
the deny
from the people from the president all
the way down the president effectively
be calling this book a work of fiction
defense secretary mattis chief of staff
Kelly Gary Cohen although his was less
full-throated perhaps then than some of
the other one those throw at all there's
no throw at all he said this book does
not accurately portray my experience at
the White House but didn't specifically
deny the stories you you lay out in some
detail including with quotes the latest
is from Governor Chris Christie the
former governor of New Jersey
he ran the transition and you quote the
president United States as saying that
christie was jinxing the president's
campaign at the time and in fact was
stealing money from the campaign chris
Christie came out pretty strongly and
said this just didn't happen he said
these were leaks from Steve Bannon he
went on to say that Bob Woodward and his
10 team didn't even reach out to me for
standard fact-checking didn't reach out
to I've reach reached out to absolutely
everyone this is at a time when they
were putting the word out in the White
House don't talk to anybody for a book
don't talk to Woodward I did my due
diligence on this you know but in you
you would call people and they'd say oh
is this for a book and cabinet officers
well yes it is for a book well I'm sorry
we can't talk to you or somebody would
say yeah I'll talk to you in a
clandestine way so you know what these
are
and this goes way back to the Nixon era
I call them politically calculated
survival denials they are not real they
are form of the non-denial denial or you
know people say this didn't happen this
is untrue that's fine and then when the
truth comes out often years later in
investigations or in memoirs
you see that's precisely what happened
so is it as specific as people talking
to you perhaps some of the people I just
mentioned and then saying if this ever
goes public I'm gonna have to deny it
Bob
well they don't tell me that but
I understand the context my life is
laughing I mean this this is people have
other reporters one reporter actually
got hives yesterday because there would
were denials about things that this
reporter had heard from the person
people told me oh yeah I heard so-and-so
say that but off-the-record well when I
did this I was able to not take anything
off the record it was people would you
know in the eighth hour of a series of
interviews I'd like to do this off the
record I'd say no it was on the record
just anonymous yeah well it's not enough
of us yeah I mean I know who it is the
situation is anonymous to the rater
though well the source but not like the
information that at 2 o'clock on Tuesday
July 17th these people gathered in the
White House and this happened
the real portrait of something like this
it's not an abstraction it is
specifically what happened at what time
what what's going on in the White House
but I people are can say what they want
thank God for the First Amendment I'm
able to save what I found out Bob you've
covered nine presidents you've written
about all nine presidents some of them
in books most of them in the daily
newspaper The Washington Post have you
ever heard of been around according to
your reporting someone so ill-equipped
to hold the job of President as Donald
Trump well that is the judgment of
people who work for or I'm the most you
know the economic discussions for
instance on at one point Trump says well
if well let's print more money will run
the printing presses and then we'll
money and we'll make money as the
federal government oh no no that's not
the way it works because you increase
the deficit interest rates go up you
have you could have a calamity but he
does not understand that he thinks at at
one point I have this in the book where
he actually writes in his own hand trade
is bad that he thinks trade that somehow
were losing our nationalism that we need
to be isolated it admit he is fighting
now to look he was elected as a
disrupter fine that's exactly the you
know that he won and you can disrupt
things but you inherit a framework and
practices and you know when people say
this is not normal I think you know we
know he's not his approach is not normal
so so given that who is there in the
White House to control or monitor the
daily dangers that any president and
this president obviously is confronted
with who was there well the chief of
staff Kelly I talked at some length
about and he literally put out memos
telling people we have to have the
process no seeded the pants decisions
are final and there has to be a
signature on a decision memo by the
president but you know that Trump is
going to do what he wants and there are
examples he calls people the steel
executives in and he says we're gonna
have tariffs and general Kelly didn't
even know there was a meeting on that so
we're gonna have much more with Bob
Woodward straight ahead we're gonna
bring in NBC News's Casey hunt and the
President of the Council on Foreign
Relations Richard Haass for their
questions and reaction you're watching
Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
