my feeling is people need to wake up and
realize that this is the
behind-the-scenes story and you see I
call it a war on truth there's a war on
truth in that how you know we have a
contest in this country not just a
political one but a moral one a
religious one about what's true right
and people debate it and argue very
intensely about it and that's kind of
the life force of democracy isn't it
man speaks the truth that was a veteran
journalist and author Bob Woodward on
his new book his 18th book we had he is
standing by his accounts of dysfunction
and chaos inside the Trump White House
even as Trump and others are trying to
discredit his sourcing and reporting
with us tonight to talk about all things
related Eugene Robinson Pulitzer Prize
winning columnist for The Washington
Post where he is of course a longtime
colleague of Bob Woodward and Lisa lares
back with us national political reporter
now with the New York Times and this is
where it gets interesting where she has
launched a new subscription newsletter
appropriately called on politics with
Lisa Lehrer on the New York Times
website where you can't find by lines on
the front page but we hope you find and
subscribe to her newsletter good evening
and welcome to you both Lisa it strikes
me that Watergate gave us the phrase
non-denial denial right and it strikes
me that we're seeing in response to the
book some fantastic classic for the ages
non-denial denials yeah there there
that's exactly right
Gary Cohn gave one today that was really
one for the ages
but it he said he didn't deny not
speaking to Bob Woodward and he didn't
deny not taking the letter off the
president s what he did say was that he
still supports the president's economic
agenda so you know we know from the
White House the president has said
publicly that he's really loving these
statements that everyone's putting out
but I'm not sure I would be taking any
of them to the bank if we're curious
about who who was involved in this
involved in this book
because a lot of them actually seem kind
of like confirmations and Eugene this is
not our mutual friend Bob's first trip
around the bases or his first rodeo or
whatever expression no how not how do
you think these crises differ though in
his eyes as a journalist trying to get
his arms around them well you know I've
known Bob for 38 years he he hired me
hit though I suppose in bed Bradley
hired me to be their City Hall reporter
and I'll tell you when I hear Bob
Woodward say people really need to pay
attention and wake up yeah that gets my
attention that focuses that gets my
attention when when I hear him being
poetic deeply so and saying that truth
is the life force of democracy that
really gets my attention and and I can I
can see how affected he was by the
reporting that he did and and every
interview I have seen and frankly every
conversation I've had with with him
about about this work has told me that
he thinks this is this is serious you're
absolutely right he goes on he's never
waved his arms before and said I'm
asking you only this because this is
important he has never done that he's
never done that it's not like he needs
to you know do that to become famous or
something like that would word he and I
think he's I think he means it at least
the people in the West Wing get that
this obviously we're living in unusual
times but this is unusual even for this
veteran journalist yeah I mean I think
they understand that Bob Woodward has a
level of credibility that perhaps other
authors who have waited on this I mean
what we're hearing from Bob Woodward is
not new it tracks with the other accoun
tracks with Michael Wolfe it even tracks
with Omarosa The Times op-ed for The
Times op-ed but I think he brings as a
level of credibility that people know
that when you're reading above Woodward
book that this is deeply source that
this is impeccably sourced and what he's
writing is pretty bulletproof and that
is why you are seeing these denials that
are really confirmations because there's
nothing much that a lot of the people
who
this book can say as if I have seen his
method over the night and meticulous is
close to it our arty has files that
cross-reference they're just they're
indexed they're just it's amazing and if
we had another couple of hours I could
tell you stories from over the years
where he knew a piece of information
that nobody else knew that everybody was
denying that that our best reporters
best sources couldn't fair it out and he
knew it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
