welcome back 26 government workers were
injured in what the State Department
calls health attacks for now in their
homes and hotels in Havana Cuba and it
began in late 2016 another US worker in
China this year claims this as well and
now US officials tell NBC News
they now have a main suspect in these
attacks Russia US officials say they
have evidence pointing to Russia from
communications intercepts collected
during an ongoing investigation by the
FBI the CIA and other US agencies
essentially they seem to hear Russia
bragging about doing this but the
evidence isn't conclusive enough yet for
the u.s. to formally blame Moscow for
the attacks that began in 2016 and have
continued through earlier this year
which is causing a major rupture and
renewed diplomatic relations with Havana
now the so-called health attacks led the
Trump administration to remove most of
its diplomats and spies from the island
the State Department today said they
haven't assigned any blame technically
and their investigation is still ongoing
they said there is no known cause and no
known individual or group believed to be
responsible at this time let's bring
more on this story let me bring in one
of my colleagues behind this report Josh
Letterman is a national political
reporter for us here at NBC News and
Evelyn Farkas is a former Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense for
Russia Ukraine and Eurasia the Obama
administration and she is now an NBC
News national security analyst as well
all right Josh let me start with you
this is your scoop what so they have
discovered they believe it's Russia just
based on Russia bragging about it is
that at the end of the day and I'm being
a little shorthand here is that the best
way to describe this well there's a few
factors that have led them to think that
Russia is the most likely culprit at
this point the fact that Russia is one
of the only countries in the world that
would have the actual technical ability
to carry out something this advanced the
fact that Russia has a massive
intelligence apparatus on the island of
Cuba they have an interest in creating
havoc with the US possibly driving Cuba
away from the West and also this signals
intelligence these intersect intercepted
communications that US officials tell
NBC News they have developed about this
case do they have a lead on the actual
technology yet though what is it mean
that's Amin seems to be the missing
piece here they have a few leads they do
think that microwave technology was
likely involved in this but officials
also tell us that it's possible that
there were at least one or two
additional technologies that could have
been used in addition or in conjunction
with microwaves okay is this what
somebody's aims a like an antenna a
microwave antenna at somebody's house I
mean help me out here a van I've heard
some people say oh they saw a vans drive
away so a van just comes close to a
diplomats house is that basically how
they think this works The Situation's
have really varied from case to case
there have been reports that someone saw
a speeding van driving away some folks
heard things above there they're
basically on the roof and thought might
have been coming from above but one
thing that is consistent in all of the
cases that the State Department has
confirmed is that it seems to be coming
from a specific direction people report
it seemed like it was coming from the
left to the right and then my effects
were more you know I lost hearing on my
right side in line with where it seemed
to be coming from so the idea of by the
way I know one of the theories was mass
hysteria which has been one of the
theories that maybe everybody thinks
something happened and nothing did is
that been ruled out it has been ruled
out top officials up to and including a
Deputy Secretary of State Sullivan
believe that there's no way that the
medical findings here are things one
could not fake you can't actually fake
these kinds of balanced tests that
they're putting these diplomats through
and they believe they have real findings
that show something happened and now
they just have to figure out what all
right Evelyn yes why are we stopping
short of blaming the Russians and we
think explain why signals intelligence
isn't enough for us to say you know it
jus Moscow well it depends how much we
have and then of course how we got it
what we have we may not want to reveal
because we're continuing to use that to
collect to continue to look at what the
Russians are doing and saying so I think
we try to get other information from
humans and other sources and then
ultimately you don't really want to come
out publicly saying for sure the
Russians did it unless you have
something you can show and then
something you're going to do right
because you can't just say oh they
attacked us and
and then what right I mean so the
government's not going to come out just
like the British waited I'm sure they
had a lot of intelligence on those on
the Novacek attacks on the on the the
nerve agents that were used in Salsbury
england they waited until they had a
sense of what they were going to do you
know they were gonna go to the UN and
they were gonna show the pictures and
show the whole timeline so I think the
same thing goes for the US government
even if the intelligence community has
let's say you know strong confidence
high confidence level is the term they
would use they still might wait until
they have a policy decision about what
to do well and this seems to be the
challenge here we keep sanctioning
Russia for all of the bad things that
they do right
whether it's interference in our
election if it's what they did to the
two British citizens okay you add this
to it you have Crimea at some point like
aren't we out of sanctions like this
seems to be it's not working a sanctions
policy isn't working and this check this
feels to me a lot like if you remember
when the Obama administration sanctioned
the Russians for for interfering in our
elections they also sanctioned them for
mistreating US personnel in Moscow I
don't know if in Campton part of it
involved a guy that was maybe an
intelligence agent for the US who had
basically had to run in and seek refuge
in the embassy and the Russian guard
have tried to keep him out right so they
were acting actually illegally according
to international law because you're
supposed to protect the US personnel who
are under a diplomatic cover right the
these attacks feel a little bit like
that a little bit of spy on spies so
they were it seems like they might have
been singling out people who they
thought were intelligence agents maybe
we're intelligence agents and their
families and that may also complicate
our reaction because even under we do
when we had reset remember we had a guy
that was arrested the media said he may
be he might have been in a CIA age and I
got a you know blond wig the Russians
certainly said he was an intelligence
agent and you know whatever retaliatory
measures we took at the time probably
were more in the Intel channels Josh
today the State Department really
they didn't push back on our reporting
but they they were pushing back on the
idea that hey we're not ready to name
anybody why are they so is it it do you
get the sense that there are people at
the State Department that feel as if
people are slow walking this or and
that's why this is getting out and
people are concerned about it or they're
just being deliberate it's a combination
of both the State Department for some of
the reasons Evelyn pointed out doesn't
want to come out and say Russia has been
beaming our diplomats and causing brain
injury until they have checked every box
and dotted every I and are ready to say
what they're gonna do about it but
beyond that there is a sense of
frustration within the State Department
within other agencies like the CIA where
people have been affected by these
incidents to say look this has been
going on since the end of 2016
you know the the Novacek example that
you mentioned it was within a matter of
weeks that the international community
came out and said this happened it has
to stop and in this case it has been
dragging on it's continuing to happen
into this year with really no public
answers you know in Evelynn one way to
sort of show that we certainly don't
blame the cubans is to then restore you
know send our diplomats back yeah this
is where Putin played I think a very
smart game here the new administration
was not would was looking for a reason
to get out of Cuba and this handed right
the State Department a an excuse to get
out of Cuba do you think we go back I
think we have to I mean we have to show
our yeah but and President Trump now I
mean this is almost you know taunting
him to not give up even though he really
did want to walk away from Cuba
absolutely which was also upsetting to
many Republican members of Congress who
were interested in the commercial
aspects of Ag and all of that but I
think the other interesting element you
could look at really addressing as the
Cuban role so the Cubans must have known
this was going on but at the same time I
thought our FBI was pretty confident
going you know what they may not know
who they may not have it so here's
another issue it's also Russians again
violating the sovereignty of country so
in a way it's kind of of the same ilk as
killing people on British soil right
Josh you get any hint that
State Department thinks the Cubans
helped we know let's say have certainly
not ruled out the possibility that
either the Cubans or perhaps some type
of rogue element of the the government
that was the hardliners who I've heard
that zero Chaumont
could have been involved but certainly
beyond saying that Cuba is responsible
for the safety of all diplomats on the
soil the State Department has not sought
to go after the Cubans in that way no
you did you get the sense that many in
Cuba are upset that this blew up the
relationship yeah anyway unfastening
Josh Evelyn thank you both very much I
have a feeling we're gonna keep coming
back to this story hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV Daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mind set right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
