today of course marks seventeen years
since one of the country's darkest days
September 11th 2001 this morning
memorials around the nation honored the
nearly 3,000 people killed at the twin
towers in lower Manhattan the Pentagon
and a field in Pennsylvania here's a
look at some of today's remembrances
we're gathered together on these
hallowed grounds to honor the memory of
nearly 3,000 souls we all remember where
we were on this day 17 years ago the
attacks on September 11th shattered the
peace of that quiet September morning we
grieve together for every mother and
father sister and brother's son and
daughter who was stolen from us we
remember all that is good all that is
true and all that is beautiful about
those we have lost today on this
September 11th we mourn with those who
mourn and grieve with those who grieve
we close our arms to help you shoulder
your pain and to carry your great great
sorrow
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meet the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
