exclusive new reporting this morning
from NBC News intelligence agencies
investigating attacks on US diplomats in
Cuba and China now strongly suspect that
Russia is to blame 26 government workers
in Havana had mysterious brain injuries
starting in late 2016 and then this year
one u.s. worker in China was diagnosed
with similar symptoms joining me now
with more on this as NBC News
intelligence and national security
reporter Kendall a nyan so this has been
a mystery the CIA the FBI other
intelligence agencies have all been
working to try to figure out what
exactly happened here why did they
suspect Russia now and what's the
evidence that they have well it's still
partially a mystery Chris but they have
more and more evidence they say three US
officials tell us pointing to Russia
including communications intercepts that
suggest that the Russian intelligence
agency was involved now really there was
only three suspects from the beginning
here Russia China and the Cubans the
Russian and Chinese intelligence
services operate in force in Cuba and
it's still believed that it's possible
that some element of the Cuban
intelligence services cooperated with
this
the other interesting thing we're
reporting here is that one of the
technologies used to injure these
American spies and diplomats was some
kind of microwave weapon that is so
sophisticated the Americans don't even
fully understand it and they've been
testing some kinds of aspects of this
technology kind of reverse engineering
is that what they're trying to do
absolutely because they're you know the
military has been the US military has
worked on microwave technology and tried
to deploy it as weapons over the years
apparently the Russians have as well and
it can make people think they're hearing
sounds that's why initially this was
thought to be a sonic attack of some
sort Chris what do we know about the
people were individuals targeted was it
just a group that was targeted and do we
have any idea about a motive why these
people and then again these are only
theories but what our sources are
telling us is that this was an
intentional attack because initially
people thought it could be a byproduct
of some spying technology gone awry but
it's now believed that this was it's
meant to hurt these spies and diplomats
some of whom have suffered serious brain
injuries and if this is confirmed that
it was Russia Chris it would be a
game-changer because the sort of
unwritten rules of the spying game are
you don't go after the other person's
spies and diplomats you don't try to
hurt them yeah out of the country but
you don't so where are they in this
investigation I mean are they close are
they is there do they feel like they're
at a place where they will have a
definitive answer they do believe that
eventually they will be able to go down
the track of possibly evening and die
ting people but they are far from that
right now they're not even willing to
say within the US government that there
are a hundred percent sure it was Russia
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
