Jews in the Russia probe now despite the
usual pre-election secrecy this is all
because because of Donald Trump's own
staff bringing up Russian election
meddling in new talks with the Russians
plus new heat on Trump confidant Roger
stone the news tonight the Trump
administration sending National Security
Advisor John Bolton to Moscow and then
he used his appearance today to bring
back up 2016 election meddling claiming
that it quote had hardly any effect that
assertion is making waves and watch
tonight because well it undercuts Donald
Trump by admitting a fact that Trump is
often denied the Russians did in fact
interfere it also goes way beyond
Bolton's purview to get into how much
impact it had in the vote in other words
what does he know the assertion is a
long ways as well from Bolton's own
criticism of interference before he took
this job consider that after that
controversial Putin Trump summit in
Helsinki last summer Bolton wrote that
Putin lied to Trump he also referred to
the interference as a true act of war
Bolton's new statement also out of step
with the Justice Department which just
issued these new indictments for a
Russian meddling in the current midterms
that includes also public attacks on the
quote unquote scandals of Bob Miller and
his Russia probe so as Russian
interference continues in US elections
and casts this shadow over u.s. foreign
policy
Bob Muller meanwhiles continuing to
gather evidence on whether one of trumps
longest-serving advisors did team up
with any foreign actors in 2016
Moeller zeroing in on a name we've heard
before the question is whether Roger
stone and or other Trump associates were
discussing things with WikiLeaks that
could amount to a crime this is from a
new Washington Post report and it
includes the details that Mulder's
prosecutors have presented dozen over a
dozen hours of testimony on Roger stone
to the grand jury that his tech
investigators are reviewing gigabytes of
stone related material a single gigabyte
can comprise over 600,000 pages of text
now today stone said he never received
anything from WikiLeaks or the Russians
that is a denial he of course has made
before let's get started with Maya Wiley
of Oregon's knowledge of the source
content or the exact disclosure timing
of
WikiLeaks disclosures regarding the DNC
I do not regard mr. Asajj or WikiLeaks
as Russian assets
I think Assange is a journalist before
we get to my wily a little bit of sound
from Roger stone that was a past denial
my wily of course former counsel of
mayor of New York City and MSNBC analyst
Shelby Holliday a reporter for The Wall
Street Journal a covering a Roger stone
and in a moment I should mention we're
going to be joined by a former chief of
staff to Bob Muller to to dig further in
but first on this news Maya what does it
mean when you hear that this information
is being presented to the grand jury
well what it means is they think they
have evidence that merits the grand jury
actually assessing it to determine
whether or not there would be some
indictable offences so it's pretty
significant if they're taking it that
route I think it also matters a lot
because you know fundamentally if there
was a conspiracy to defraud the United
States right which is essentially the
legal claim that the Muller team is
investigating regarding the Trump
campaign and the Russian government it's
kind of critical to understand whether
or not Roger stone was having
communications with either gusoff or 2.0
about those emails remember that he did
not come forward with all of the
truthful information to the committee
about his contact with a Russian who was
offering two million dollars for dirt on
Clinton all these things suggest that
they're trying to piece together the
extent to which they can demonstrate not
just that he may have not been truthful
which is perjury but also whether or not
he's part of a conspiracy to defraud the
United States this comes at a time that
there are lawyers in and out of the
trump orbit
Ty Cobb was part of the co-operative
group that ultimately ended their tenure
for what has looked like a way more
acerbic and aggressive confrontational
approach from Giuliani and Co here's Ty
Cobb speaking out today and rebutting
one of the talking points that obviously
the president uses calling this a
witch-hunt it's important to me not to
have
criticism wildly thrown back and forth
and turn it into a Ken star like
processed I think largely successful on
the front end it's deteriorated some on
the back end do you think it's a witch
hunt
I don't think it's a would time most of
America actually doesn't think it's a
witch hunt and when you look at polls
most most are pretty confident in Robert
molars what works so far I do think one
interesting thing is we reported on
Friday that the special council is
continuing to look at Roger stone and
his associates Jerry Corsi is one of
them this is happening at a time where
the special council is shedding staff
and signaling that some key witnesses
are ready to be sentenced Mike Flynn
for example coming up in December yet he
still really is aggressively pursuing
this line of questioning with Roger
stone what he knew who he knew it from
and what did he do with the information
that he had if he did in fact have
knowledge of WikiLeaks releases now
Roger stone used it sometimes says you
know I predicted the release of Clinton
Foundation emails and so therefore I
didn't know they had Podesta's emails
and he uses it as a bit of a defense but
keep in mind that the goose' 42.0
persona released emails related to the
Clinton Foundation and so there's
question of WikiLeaks but you can't
ignore the Gusev her 2.0 persona either
which was a conduit to WikiLeaks at the
end of the day you know I'll tell you
one question I get sometimes when you
host a television show is why do you
interview this or that person right it's
kind of like if you throw a big enough
party some of your friends say they're
not and reasonable people can disagree
about that Randi credit go is one of
those people that that is asked about
but our reporting and our discussions
with him and I know you've intersected
with him as a reporter on the story as
well have given insights into where they
were going
Oh in the Muller investigation here was
credit go under my questioning about
whether they were interested in stone
when he was a witness take a look were
there any questions about Julian Assange
peripherally very that was not listed
most of it was about Roger stone do you
think they are zeroing in on Roger stone
as a potential criminal target or not
well they talked about Roger stone most
of the time I mean what what do you
think what do you think Maya most of it
the key phrase there most of it was
about Roger stone so he goes in spends
hours with these talented lawyers who
work for Moeller and they spend most of
their time quizzing him about stone well
look Robert Muller's team is a very
smart team Brandi cretak o is the person
that Roger stone says connected him as a
back-channel
to Julian Assange which means whether or
not Randy credit code says yes I was no
I wasn't rather than saegusa 42.0 right
to Shelby's point you know it matters
they're gonna want a really probe credit
code on what his connection was what he
did in relationship to what Roger stone
says happened you know a big part of
what prosecutors do is try to assess the
true who's being truthful not just
whether or not something happened but
whether they can believe someone when
they say that something happened own
made very clear and has not been so
forthcoming all the time right and with
rare exceptions people who lie a lot
it's a prosecutor's have reason to lie
so that itself can become a lead I want
you both to stay with me but bringing a
very special guest to the beat first
time gasps former federal prosecutor
John Carlin he was nominated by
President Obama as the DOJ highest
ranking national security prosecutor
Nussle worked as Bob Miller's right-hand
man his chief of staff back when he was
FBI director and he is the author of a
new book dawn of the Cold War an inside
look at how the DOJ and the FBI
including under Miller address cyber
threats around the world first of all
thanks for coming on the beat Thank You
Ari John you've been in the field my
first question to you is what does it
mean when we see the National Security
Adviser the United States give this
assurance to Russia about their impact
and how does the DOJ and your experience
stay laser focused on preventing and
dealing with these kind of crimes when
there is so much other noise foreign
policy or political around these kind of
investigations
look I'll say as a general rule the
career prosecutors and
are gonna be dogged ly following the
facts and ignoring the noise around them
in Washington and there is no one who is
better at ignoring the note at the noise
and focusing on the job at hand than bob
muller that's been true throughout his
career from the Marini was when he was
saving lives overseas to the career
federal prosecutor he was - the man I
knew as director of the FBI and there's
an important story to be followed here
we don't need to speculate what we know
now from the case that came out on
Friday is that the reason why it's so
important that we find out exactly what
happened in 2016
- our election is because Russia is at
it again they're determined to attack
not just our elections that are coming
up here in 2018 but our democracy well
you mentioned that it was so significant
legally and politically in the electoral
sense of Americans finding out this time
beforehand whether it is a tiny thing or
a growing thing or we can't determine
how large thing the fact that Americans
are being put on notice before these
midterms strikes me as a very deliberate
choice by the Justice Department of
course it was not under the the Russia
probe the Special Counsel probe that we
got that particular indictment Friday do
you think that's sunk in on people how
important that is because there's been
so much else going on since Friday you
know I do worry about that that this
won't work this policy of the Department
of Justice the the agents the
investigators figuring exactly out
exactly how the Russians are conducting
a multi-million dollar cross-border
campaign to undermine our election
they're doing a fantastic job of laying
out the facts but then ultimately it's
up to the American people to demand
reaction to those facts that includes
raising the cost from Russia and you're
seeing a very concentrated strategic
plan starting on September 25th the
Justice Department said hey it's our new
policy we never had this written in our
books when I was a prosecutor that we
are going to make public election
interference when we found it that now
we know that on September 28th there was
a complaint that was returned under seal
that showed exactly that that there was
a woman who was working for the Russians
spending millions of dollars trying to
under
by attacking almost everyone in our
system and just trying generally to
undermine confidence then you had Friday
it wasn't just that the Justice
Department released these these facts
that showed what she was doing and made
it public you also had the Director of
National Intelligence and the rest of
the community
warning the American people and those
that are that are entrusted with
protecting our elections that the
Russians are going to attack so that's
quite a lot of information that was put
out for us well you have the prosecutors
knack for a lot of detail in a concise
space which it's fascinating but also
disturbing some of what you lay out
because you worked so closely with Bob
Muller I want to get your view and get
your reaction here to the way Roger
stone has responded to these public
reports our reporting suggests as we've
shown that he is at least of interest
appears to be at least a subject of the
investigation and people have testified
to that effect Roger has has not said
that he's been called in to give his own
testimony but here are his attacks on
your old boss Bob Muller take a look out
of control special counsel Robert Muller
is now poking through every aspect of my
personal social family business and
political life grilling my longtime
associates in an attempt to fabricate
some offense in order to destroy me
personally and financially I'm ready to
fight I will never roll on our president
John prosecutors are not perfect by
virtue of having the job we cover all
kinds of investigations what is your
view of mr. stones allegation a serious
one really of potential misconduct that
this is an effort to personally destroy
him rather than gather facts there's no
one more by by-the-book than Bob Muller
and the fact that there's any public
conversation about Roger stones role at
all I'm sure has nothing to do with
Muller or his team who are famous for
not leaking it's a boat that never leaks
a drop I'm sure to the frustration of
many of the reporters that work with you
what they are gonna do though is follow
up on things like as they've already
revealed in a criminal
complate they know a Russian
intelligence operative fed information
that Russian intelligence operatives
stole from the Clinton campaign and
others to WikiLeaks and they know that
WikiLeaks then released that information
in order to harm the campaign they know
that at the time that that occurred
there was a multi-million dollar
campaign to undermine our elections and
they know that that was directed by
military and intelligence operatives in
Russia so of course they're gonna follow
up to see who might have been in contact
with those Russian military and
intelligence operatives absolutely I
think what's so important about this is
remember that Roger stone had a meeting
with someone who offer incluso
for two million dollars and apparently
the problem was the price so this isn't
setting up it's not the treason so I
mean from all of the breadcrumbs that
Robert Muller is following are actually
on the ground and you can see them and
you can follow them so to suggest what
Roger stone is really doing is what he's
always done he's being a public he's
being a public bully to sort of suggest
that too for his own political ends with
the political ends of his allies and
Donald Trump he's trying to distract but
all of the facts made clear including
his own refusal to be honest with the
committee in Congress in the house about
the fact that he had the meeting in the
first place tells us all we really need
to know about Roger stone hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
