to political action committees based in
Maine have raised nearly 1 million
dollars so far for the non-existent
opponent of Senator Susan Collins if she
votes to confirm Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh The Daily Beast reports
that the groups along with progressive
activist Andy Barkin have come together
to quote crowdfund in support of the
Senators Democratic opponent in 2020 the
group states that Cavanaugh's potential
votes on issues such as abortion
abortion access and health care are
quote a threat to everyday matters
Mainers like us if Collins does in fact
vote against the Supreme Court nominee
the group pledges to return the funds to
its donors joining us now law professor
at George Washington University Jonathan
Turley his new column in the hill is
entitled consume Collins a Ford
political gamble to back the right to
choose also with us Washington bureau
chief for USA Today Susan page and
commentary writer for the Washington
Examiner Tom Rogan good to have you all
on board with us this morning and
Jonathan Turley I think I'll start with
you just about the Brett Kavanaugh
positions versus the votes that may come
in for or against him but has he
expressed exactly where he stands on
some key fundamentals even pertaining to
our Constitution I was listening to his
testimony and trying to have an open
mind but I can't figure out where he
stands on basics well that's it I mean
the confirmation hearings have been
reduced now to virtually no substance at
all I mean we essentially take nominees
like Cavanaugh and turn them into sort
of Chauncey Gardiner of being there
where they say yes Charles roe v wade is
an old case it's a case in the books
it's a law case and everyone says well
okay and Collins says that's very
reassuring it's all a rather weird
exercise where we we do this and quite
frankly if this is what confirmation
hearings are going to be about why do
them I mean
they're now just basically there for the
Senators and we learned nothing because
the Senate has taken this Ginsburg rule
where the rule says that nominees don't
have to discuss cases that may come
before them and they have ripped out
virtually all the content of
confirmation hearings so you're supposed
to vote on a nominee who will not really
discuss in any detail his interpretive
approach to the Constitution yes sir
Susan page Susan Collins has been a
pro-choice Republican for some time now
it's been an issue that's identified her
with a lot of people in Maine and
allowed some moderate Democrats to
support her in at least their own mind
how important is this Kavanagh vote and
why does it seem that she is headed
towards supporting him when he's brought
up a lot of things during the hearings
that would cause great concern to those
who believe his vote would overturn roe
v wade you know I think Senator Collins
has indicated she's persuaded by the
idea that roe v wade has settled law
although judge Kavanagh has refused to
say whether he thinks it was correctly
decided which might have been the more
pertinent question but there are in fact
no signs that the sender cons hasn't
said how she's going to vote there
really haven't been science that she's
going to vote against judge Cavanaugh
and that means number one that
Republicans likely are able to confirm
him on their own and it also means that
it probably clears the way for a couple
conservative Democrats in tough Senate
re-election fights to vote for him as
well I think it is entirely likely that
this is a confirmation that will move
forward on at least a modestly
bipartisan basis and that he expected
barring some new disclosure for him to
be on the court when the supreme court
reconvenes on the first Monday in
October well Tom Rogan that's what I was
gonna ask you there was a lot of sound
in fury over the last week a lot of
document dumps and I am Spartacus
moments and parsing of emails from 15
years ago
bottom line it though is there any
chance that Kavanagh will not be
confirmed here unless we see something
substantial in terms of previous records
that haven't been released no I don't
think so and I think that
for two reasons first it is the
effective unity of the Republican caucus
in terms of support for Cavanaugh and
it's obviously also the influence of a
number of Democratic senators who are
likely to vote for Cavanaugh but as a
secondary point the Republican Party as
it moves into the midterm elections and
the presidency understand that this is
something this is prospectively an easy
win for them with the conservative basis
to get out the vote thing so there is a
lot of momentum to try and resolve this
issue and to push back against Democrats
where Democrats somewhat rightly are
asking for more documentation
you know John Heilemann Steve Schmidt
had a really tough tweet a couple days
ago about Susan Collins basically saying
that her support said the point about
Collins and Murkowski is impending vote
for Kavanagh exposes them as Titanic
frauds who have gamed the choice issue
for their personal benefit for decades
sincere people have committed points of
view on this difficult issue these two
are not amongst them and you really do
have to ask if they have branded
themselves as a different kind of
Republican as pro-choice Republicans it
seems to me that you can say I believe
in deferring to the President on Supreme
Court picks or you can say you know what
I just I can't vote for him because I
don't think he'll uphold roe v wade but
these two don't seem to be choosing door
one or door two
it sounds a bit murky in both of their
cases right they seem they seem Jodha
they want to have it both ways or to put
it another way it seems like essentially
they want to have plausible deniability
they want to be able to say that they're
pro-choice they want to look for
something that Cavanaugh has said it
allows them to feel or at least at least
to project the notion that they feel
assured on this matter even though
there's not really any concrete reason
to think that that we really know where
Cavanaugh is and let me as I want to ask
Jonathan truly a question I professor
I'm not a lawyer and and not a
constitutional scholar but I did note
that someone yesterday made the point
that in the course of these hearings I
wanted to talk about Roe in particular
because it said so much the cornerstone
of the democratic attempt as as
difficult
is to try to stop Kavanagh made the
point that that that the Kavanagh in a
colloquy with Ted Cruz in the hearings
suggested that his view about
unenumerated rights which include the
right to privacy and therefore would
cover Roby Wade that the test he would
apply was related to a Supreme Court
case called Glucksberg in that case said
that you can only find on enumerated
rights in the Constitution if they're
well embedded in tradition and history
and that he'd given a speech a year
earlier at the American Enterprise
Institute which he suggested that roe
v-- wade and Cayce did not meet the
Glucksberg standard so I asked this
question to you is that not I'm not a
little confused about why this has not
become a bigger issue but did he not
sort of tip his hand if it is the case
that Glucksberg is what the standard is
going to use that he's not basically
saying I don't find a right to privacy
that would cover row well I think what
what you can get from the hearing but
also what you certainly get from the
writings and comments before is that he
clearly is hostile to roe v wade I I
don't think that the Democrats are right
about some of the things that they've
cited as clearly indicating he'll vote
against roe v wade but if you look at
his interpretive approach he clearly
agrees with Rehnquist's approach in
cases like roe v wade in dissent about
unenumerated rights and that's one of
the sort of disconnects about the
position of Collins and Murkowski that
it now appears that nothing short of a
confession is going to really trigger
that pledge made to support roe v wade
well they're not going to wheel in a
nominee like Hannibal Lecter and say you
know I'm going to eat roe v-- wade with
the kiante I they're they're all gonna
say it's settled law but you know
Cavanaugh said in one of his memos that
that settled law is basically settled
till it's not that the Supreme Court
once it gets a majority can can flip the
result and in favor of Cavanaugh I have
to say there are plenty of lawyers and
judges that believe that Roe was wrongly
decided and I think that that he's
likely to take an approach that will be
hostile to Roe tommelise Jordan here do
you think that it's more in the
Democrats best interest to just move
beyond the Cavanaugh nomination and to
understand that it's pretty likely to
happen
the longer they spend contesting the
nomination and fighting the nomination
that's less time that they're spent
working on their wave election no
because I think the two go hand-in-hand
I mean when we were discussing this on
the Rockland group this weekend and the
issue is that you have a real passion on
the part of Democrats regardless of
their views of President Trump quite
frankly in terms of the political
organization of the Democratic Party to
oppose any prospective change to roe v
wade any undercutting of that and so in
opposing Brett Kavanaugh in the run-up
to this midterm election in the same way
that for the Republican Party confirming
Kavanagh is beneficial I think the two
go hand in hand it is it is a way to
mobilize that agenda
even if prospectively it's firing shots
in the dark with very little chance of
hitting anything I Tom Rogan Jonathan
Turley
Thank You Susan page hoping you're able
to stay with us still I had the White
House says President Trump got a warm
letter from kim jeong-hoon
requesting another Sun in life we'll
talk to a member of the House Armed
Services Committee about whether a
second meeting is a good idea Helsinki
Helsinki plus last week a slew of polls
showed president Trump's approval rating
hovering in the 30s new polls this week
show things haven't really improved for
him we'll dig into those new numbers
next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
