and Joe we begin this morning with that
new polling that shows president Trump's
approval rating continuing to hover in
the 30s the new CNN poll shows only 36%
of Americans approve of the job that
Trump is doing the Quinnipiac University
poll puts his approval rating at 38%
three other polls last week put the
president's approval between 36 and 37
percent in the CNN poll Trump's approval
rating among independents plunged over
the last month dropping from 47%
approval in August to just 31% today and
when it comes to Trump's qualities 32
percent say they are proud of him as
president the same percentage less than
one-third Sam is honest and trustworthy
back in the Q poll asked when asked when
whether they felt the president was
honest 32% of voters said yes his lowest
grade for honesty since he was elected
so Joe they're beginning not to believe
him whoever they are it's the few
Americans left who actually would
believe that the lies and untruths
though it's important to remember that
Donald Trump actually had very low
honest and trustworthy numbers during
the campaign even in 2016 he was down my
gosh in the low to mid 30s most of the
time he just happened to be running
against an opponent who had even lower
honest and trustworthy numbers so these
numbers aren't so inconsistent from
where he was when he was running from
president but John Heilemann
there has been so much coming at the
American voter over the course of the
past 18 months the question to ask about
this precipitous drop especially among
Independence's what's happened in the
last month that hasn't happened in the
preceding 17 months White has he fallen
into the mid-30s in five of the last
fall's that have been released I think
the question Joe is it's a it's a good
question but but I just reframe it
slightly I think what's happened here
you know we've talked about this on the
air a lot of times he's been
in the high 30s before you and I have
discussed it's usually been at the low
points when things have gone worst for
him you know after Helsinki or after the
crisis at the border with with the kids
in the cages you had these moments and
we've said well the high 30s mid 30s is
his irreducible core that's when he's at
his worst I think what we're seeing here
now as we get closer and closer to
election day to the midterm elections is
the accumulated weight of 17 months of
scandals and controversies and outrages
and things that for a lot of the voters
who make the difference between him
being in the mid to low 40s and him
being in the mid to high 30s is that the
weight of all that the gravity of it has
finally sunk in over time and the reason
that it's sinking in is because we're
getting closer and closer to a decision
point we see this in presidential
election years we see it sometimes in
midterm election years especially ones
that are acutely referenda on the
incumbent I feel like that's what's
happening here it's there have obviously
have been things in the last few weeks
that have been bad for president Trump
but it feels more like as voters turn
the corner into Labor Day and start
looking at the decision they have to
make in the midterms there's taking
stock of the totality of Trump's
presidency and that is weighing him down
really you you of course had the
president I think it is high-water mark
at least from this is an all-girl week
where he was at 43 44 45 percent in the
spring things seem to be going pretty
well for him then you had the child
separation policy then you had Helsinki
and then over the past month you've had
a barrage of legal proceedings that have
gone very poorly for him Michael Cohen
coming out his longtime fixer you're
talking about all the things that Donald
Trump did improperly and then you know
it's one thing if the media says it it's
another thing if Democrats say it you've
had a jury of Paul Manafort Spears and
other other judges outside the political
realm actually saying
delivering some verdicts that are pretty
harsh towards Donald Trump's people
towards his former campaign manager and
toward Donald Trump himself yeah and you
can't call these outliers any more we're
gonna have five polls in the space of a
week the president and his White House
have said well these is the ABC News
poll the Washington Post poll they were
wrong before the election etc etc when
you have five polls showing pretty much
the same thing at in the mid 30s that is
a trend and not an outlier no matter how
much he's gonna wave the Rasmussen poll
but if you look at the accumulation of
recent events at least the book op-ed
that the Woodward book plus the op-ed
painting a picture of a White House in
chaos it begins to explain some of the
drop in those independent numbers
especially we saw that in the ABC
Washington Post poll as well people who
may have given him a try
perhaps walking away now well this is
what I've been talking about a lot
because during the run-up to the
election when we were doing focus groups
with the Lord Ashcroft polls group we
were talking to a lot of hold your nose
voters and so these were people who they
really didn't want to vote for Donald
Trump but they definitely work in a vote
for Hillary Clinton so they just chose
to you know go ahead vote for Donald
Trump the accumulation of 17 months of
constant antics on top of the
instability of international affairs and
Donald Trump's you know pretty cavalier
attitude towards things such as war they
I think that this has started to sink in
a bit and it's just something that
you're not going to go out of your way
to defend if you weren't that strongly
invested in the first place and and we
have so many people like that David
Ignatius as Elise was saying so many
people I know so many of my friends had
supported Donald Trump who still will
tell you they support Donald Trump
though they're offended by their tweets
they're offended by his behavior
basically it still is a binary choice
well you know what he's not Nancy Pelosi
he's not Hillary Clinton so I guess he's
still our guy it seems that the Woodward
book as well as that op-ed in the New
York Times certainly has a lot of people
in that category thinking twice and
starting to think well listen
maybe he's just not up to the task maybe
we look forward to a Mike Pence or a
nikki Haley running this party and
running this presidency down the road I
think you're right Joe what's striking
about these numbers is that they come at
a time when the economy is strong and is
delivering on Trump's promise to
increase the rate of growth to increase
growth in particular in manufacturing
jobs so the numbers that Trump would
want are coming in and I think people
feel them but even so there is this
point back why and my explanation of
this would be that Trump since Trump
strategy is succeeding too well he goes
so hard for his base in these rallies
he's raucous rallies around the country
fulminating against Democrats against
the media and it obviously works with a
base but I think that's turning people
off that that's that strategy and I just
a final point in the time that these
polls were taken John McCain was in his
last days or his funeral had taken place
and people watched a celebration of what
a normal decent American politics is and
watching that funeral I thought you know
there are a lot more people in America
like George W Bush Plus Barack Obama
that like Donald Trump I mean that's
it's that simple you add together those
two so maybe that's what we're seeing
these numbers is is is yeah Trump's got
his base but increasingly that's that's
all he's got thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
