there was a brand new footage out of
Texas tonight Donald Trump's shaking
hands with Ted Cruz in Houston this is a
head of their joint rally
this is 2018 Ted Cruz doing what 2016
Cruz would find unthinkable asking Trump
to save his career in his own home state
of Texas rarely do you see a
politician's claims denuded this
blatantly in the span of one election
cycle this man is a pathological liar
the man is utterly amoral Donald is a
sore loser
is proud of being a serial philanderer
I'm very glad that the president is
coming on Monday to come down to Texas
for a rally in Houston let me say in
particular Don thank you for your father
standing up in the face of that hatred
that is directed at President Trump Cruz
shouting out president Trump and his
family they're a total opposite of how
Trump treated Cruz defaming his father
by baselessly accusing him of murdering
a president and launching sexist attacks
on Cruz's wife plus of course unloading
on Cruz himself he's a nasty guy nobody
likes him nobody in Congress likes him
nobody likes him anywhere once they get
to know him you probably are worse than
Jeb Bush
lyin Ted old that Bible high puts it
down and then he lies I think he's crazy
I honestly I think he's crazy
critics say tonight's rally reveals at
least two things about Cruz politically
he's in trouble in a close race with
Democrat better O'Rourke and personally
his response to Trump's attacks is to
give in rather than hold his ground
that's bigger than politics it really
goes to your life ethic now some claim
there are no rules in these kind of
battles other people say there are lives
that you cannot cross that can't be
forgiven like family that issue in the
Trump Cruz beef was also the issue in
the beef between musicians Drake and
push a tee and Drake just explained some
attacks cannot be forgiven like rap
purists and people who just love
conversation they'd love to say hey man
there's no rules in it but there are
rules in it it's like I knew something
was gonna come up about my kid the mom
and dad thing whatever I'm gonna tell
you wishing death on my friend that has
MS I study rap battles for a living
now when you mentioned defenseless
people who are sick in the hospital that
passed away there's just a price that
you have to pay for that
tonight's Trump Cruz rally is the
political equivalent of Drake and push a
team making an album together that will
never happen because apparently family
values are stronger in celebrity rap
battles than in today's Texas Republican
politics for more I'm joined by former
New York Times executive editor Howell
Raines are there no rules left not even
defending your wife your family no I
think we're in a new political world
where there are no rules left
it's in effect a circus and the only
rule maker is the ringmaster Donald
Trump and that's he's making this poor
man jump through loops years ago I saw
people of character cozy up to George
Wallace in Alabama after much
soul-searching this is this that was
pinochle compared to what we're seeing
here no you think Drake is wrong
and living in a bygone era of saying I
there are rules you can't you can't
break I don't know his business I'm sure
he knows rap battles and I can't I can't
say he's wrong for that reason but I do
think there are no rules on the
Republican side of politics now and
there and the president was asked about
this I want you to listen to him here
when confronted with and again everyone
says oh it's all rhetoric it is wrong in
his defamatory it is outrageous to
accuse someone of being involved in the
assassination of an American president
now he has become the president and this
was his response to whether that worked
out that attack on Cruz very nicely to
have regrets in life or in politics you
have to have principles and Ted Cruz
told the truth in the campaign he is a
serial liar who has no regard for facts
that said I'm a bit in awe today after
seeing the Wall Street journal/nbc poll
this morning he may not be a great deal
maker but I guarantee you he is a great
closer we're seeing a ferocious closing
in this campaign it reminds me I'm old
enough to remember Muhammad Ali and he
was the most dangerous in the late
rounds in the final seconds of each
rounds when he would wilderness
opponents with a hurricane of punches
and I think that's what we're seeing
from Trump right now he is viciously
effective as a closer and if you look in
that poll today
you see he's done something quite
remarkable he took a party that was
sleepwalking and he now has it as fired
up maybe more fired up than the
Democrats well you also you have another
comparison there which is being able to
take a punch or an in rope-a-dope in in
the rumble in the jungle he took a lot
of punches for Foreman yeah before
coming back
and sometimes that's the most dangerous
thing I want to also play a different
person Mitt Romney because it's bigger
than Cruz you say well they were in this
pitched primary battle but Mitt Romney
pushed positioned himself as above Trump
and above all this take a look if we
Republicans choose Donald Trump as our
nominee the prospect for a safe and
prosperous future are greatly diminished
Donald Trump is a phony a fraud his
promises are as worthless as a degree
from Trump University you never try
don't think that was the case a
president Trump was not the person I
wanted to become the nominee of our
party but he's president now the
policies he's promoted have been pretty
effective and I support a lot of those
policies
say it ain't so mitt the you don't have
to do this in Utah you're gonna win that
race anyway yeah he doesn't politically
he doesn't need to do no he really
doesn't he really doesn't but I think
the others in the Republican Party do
have to do that and what is so
noticeable to me right now is he's got
his message Cavanagh khashoggi jobs the
democrats have a diffuse message and no
national spokesman right and what you're
hitting on is be careful under
estimating Donald Trump we were able to
talk
Drake push it to Ted Cruz Mitt Romney
Muhammad Ali we didn't get to Taylor
Swift do that next time thanks Ari how
always good to see you hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
