the heat keeps turning up on Donald
Trump's longest political advisor Roger
stone Bob Muller seeking out a growing
list of people who are publicly linked
to him and that list has grown to eight
I am here right now live with one of
them a political activist and comedian
named Randy credit Co who is here on an
important day this is his first
interview since he spoke Friday to the
Malloy grand jury itself and the Miller
probe is not slowing down there's a
former Trump campaign aide George
papadopolis who just got a two-week jail
sentence for admitting to lying to
federal agents he spoke also publicly
for the first time since his arrest this
weekend I also don't think that the
campaign would have invited me to speak
at the RNC the way they did if they
viewed me as a as a coffee boy the
campaign was fully aware of what I was
doing as far as I remember I absolutely
did not share this information with
anyone on the campaign now let's hear
from another witness Randy credit go is
here thanks for coming back on the show
oh it's a thrill to be here I love it
you know because I like the anxiety the
anxiety well let's start with some easy
and short to it you know yes or no type
questions number one or short answers
how many hours were you in the grand
jury room Friday well I arrived at 8:30
with my lawyer
Marty Stoller and my dog Bianca and we
were in there by 9:30 and got out at
12:30 pop three hours altogether was Bob
Miller in the room at any time you know
I didn't look I do not know you don't
know I don't which prosecutor was
questioning you his name starts with an
8 okay is that as far as you're willing
to go I really don't want to come out
here and no but I want to go to a could
you see what we take us inside the room
to the extent you can I can see the
jurors assembled yes yes did they look
interested in what you were saying
attentive I think so yes I they were you
know amped up on coffee it seemed like
they were listening they were they were
in there they do not fall out they do
not fall asleep I'm a nightclub
performer so I don't want it right you
know an audience all right so go basic
basic things that I know that you can't
answer were there any questions about
Julian Assange peripherally very that
was not list the most of it was about
Roger stone got it were there any
questions about WikiLeaks
I don't think so I mean peripherally but
not that wasn't the subject of it
Erica went to there were there questions
about obstruction or potential
activities that would relate to
obstruction of justice possibly go on
possibly I mean I don't know I mean I
whatever they extrapolated from my
testimony with their questions about
people trying to shape your testimony in
advance or threaten you you are you know
you should been one of the prosecutors
there no I'm not gonna tell you that I
really can't tell you won't say you know
legally you legally you are able to and
I know I am but I'm not gonna be like
some of the other guests that come out
and start like the so-called Madame
coming out and calling me a douche bag
with the Andrew Cuomo's brother you know
no but this is this is straightforward I
mean let's let's look at it another way
in terms of the timeline were there any
questions that were about events after
Election Day 2016 yes
and so were they about before but that
my supposed to be telling you that what
were they about your dealings then with
people post 2016 was that about Roger
stone you know you're you're doing and
you're circumventing what I can talk
about right now trying to elicit answers
I am trying to elicit answers but you
know that's part of my job I understand
yes I think you can it's like you have a
coloring book yeah I don't need to give
you Crayolas here you just followed the
last year since my name got dragged into
this what has gone back and forth in the
public meeting well it sounds like from
from what we do know that a good bulk of
the questions to you on Friday we're
about Roger stone yes they were I would
say the majority if not the majority or
your pond Durance your preponderance yes
we're about Rogers and that's
interesting and you told the truth I
assume is it I'm in a position there I
got a subpoena either I lie I perjure
myself or I get cited for contempt for
not answering did they ask about Rogers
knowledge of stolen emails I can't tell
you about what they asked me I mean well
you can't do I could but I had four five
National Lawyers Guild lawyers who had
instructed me to try to you know would
you say their their interest in Roger
was focused on what he did for Trump in
2016 or also his business activity here
you go again is reg
would say you keep trying to drag me no
but I mean I'm giving you about 30 more
seconds okay to get what I get away from
the yes and knows it was about Roger
stone that was what we talked about it
what are they wants of the time well if
I were to tell you that and I would
violate what I told you earlier that I'm
not supposed to be talking about I won't
talk about the substance and you'll be
able to find out real soon
maybe the mauler team will leak it you
know did you ask them did the people
involved in investigation on the FBI or
DOJ side asked you not to talk publicly
about no they did not they did not you
know I'm just trying to you know
maintain some kind of dignity and final
and final final question before I go
because I'm turning to a congressman
who's investigating this final question
is based on your time in the room Friday
do you think they are zeroing in on
Roger stone as a potential criminal
target or not well they talked about
Roger stone most of the time I mean what
what do you think you know plus I got a
letter from the Senate Intel committee
as I was inside that room my lawyer told
me so I've got that coming I have to go
before the simulant and that the Intel
committee is where I turn next
mr. critical I wanted to see what you
would tell us about the facts inside
good we will always let the voters and
the viewers and the public decide that
really critical say one thing
vote for Cynthia Nixon on Thursday
that's for the New York viewers thank
you sir I turn now to a member of one of
those intelligence committees California
congressman Eric swallow well
congressman I begin where I left off
with mr. credito who answered some of
the questions but when we glean that
these investigators were looking so much
at stone in the grand jury room Friday
how do you interpret that good evening
or it seems clear to me that they are
zeroing in on Roger stone as a target of
the investigation just based on the
public reporting of the number of people
interviewed and also just based on the
admissions that Roger stone keeps making
after his testimony he has continued to
update his testimony to the House
Intelligence Committee when you take a
step back though and you think about all
of these characters associated with the
Trump team like the person you just
interviewed like Roger stone boy it's
stark contrast to the folks with the
Obama team and the Clintons
I mean it really is sad that the people
who are counting on the President to
work for them for their health care for
their jobs to root out corruption these
are the guys that are behind the
president made it really is a stark
contrast hmm
congressman as you know mr. cretak was
not the only person speaking out george
papadapolis who unbeknownst to him
started the entire FBI probe god his
two-week jail sentence and did some
interviews and some of them overlap with
the work of the congressional committees
I want to play an excerpt of that here
on ABC
regarding Jeff Sessions take a look
there are reports that you shut George
down in quote when he proposed that
meeting with Putin is this correct yes
or no yes I pushed back I'll just say it
that way because it was yes yes
Attorney General says he pushed back is
he telling the truth
I get all I can say is this was a
meeting from about two years ago my
recollection differs from Jeff Sessions
he did not push back all I could say is
my recollection differs from has at this
point you could tell everyone's lawyered
up from the way they've talked these
days but the core point there is that
the investigative work that you guys
have been doing in the house quite
frankly has created that contrast that
George papadopolis implies sessions was
misleading your committees and put
attorney general sessions in the
category of revised recollections
because he too has come back after his
initial statements about contacts with
the Russians have proved not to be true
i sat in also on that interview and had
questions for attorney general sessions
at the House Judiciary Committee I'm not
satisfied that we know what happened in
that room and I believe that the best
thing that the House Judiciary Committee
can do and this is what ranking member
natalier is asking for is to bring
attorney General Sessions back because
George papadopolis remember he made this
statement in his allocution this is
where you're being sentenced where you
really want to be truthful because
you're about to go to jail and it's a
matter of how long do you go to jail so
if he's willing to be I don't think he's
gonna lie at that point because he's
already pled guilty so if he's telling
the truth
that means Jeff Sessions was not and so
then what do you do about that
well the Republicans if they were
running honest investigations and wanted
to make sure
we had an attorney general who was being
straight with us would bring attorney
General Sessions back but again whether
it's the House Intelligence Committee
investigation or the Judiciary Committee
we have seen a complete unwillingness to
do that so it's what will the voters do
about that because if they want
responsible investigations that they
want an administration that's not above
the law they're gonna have to make some
changes in the seats in Congress this
November understood and congressman
small well we heard from inside the
grand jury room from a witness we've
heard from you as an investigator and I
guess someday we'll hear from the Moller
folks when they do their their public
work or their report thank you for
joining us today my pleasure
hey I'm aria Melba from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
