Vice President Mike Pence is again
playing the role of President Trump's
chief defender and translator even
trying to make sense of what often seems
nonsensical the president is saying play
politics that protect members of
Congress even if they have committed
acts of corruption before the election
no I don't think that's what the
president was saying at all Chris I
think the president was referring to the
long-standing tradition in the Justice
Department to avoid unnecessarily
impacting election outcomes I think
President Donald Trump it's the most
accomplished president of my lifetime
and I think already one of the most
successful presidents in American
history well yesterday
amid the fallout from the unnamed
opinion piece in The New York Times vice
president pence pledged fidelity to the
president and vowed the proof he's not
the author of that article let's take a
listen to that do you think you know who
anonymous is I don't I don't know but I
do know that they should resign and
leave this administration should all top
officials take a lie-detector test and
would you agree to take one I would
agree to take it in a heartbeat and
would submit to any review the
administration you think that to do well
back in may Thomas George chefwell wrote
the Eligius Mike Pence with his ally Oh
Janice thanks to help there's talent for
tody ism and appetite for obsequious 'no
c-couldn't repulsive public figure he
added that the vice president's become
the authentic voice of today's
lickspittle republican party I can outdo
your George F well thank you for joining
us I get to film when I watch this guy
that he is very much in the model that
Robert Caro placed the Lyndon Johnson he
the only way to the presidency was
through the vice presidency and he will
do what it takes
Lyndon Johnson did not realize however
that the Kennedy people were going to
treat him so badly I think that was an
unpleasant experience mr. Trump got his
man and his man knew what he was signing
up for in the history of great lungs
Romeo and Juliet
Arden Eloise pence and Trump the
difference is that it's not reciprocated
because there's no love coming back
toward mr. pence because mr. Trump is
monogamous he knows Oh Liam how can he
win the presidency in any form in any
fashion in any transition plan if he's
sitting there like a supernumerary in
The Da Vinci Code in this sort of pious
way looking at 45 degrees at the back of
Trump's neck all the time you see
pictures of him is that supposed to
impress not in that picture good is that
supposed to impress the Trump bytes
being vice president is inherently
difficult it's like eating corn on the
cob it's hard to do it with dignity that
said Mondale did Al Gore did Cheney did
they all had good relations with their
president but you don't have that kind
of relationship with with this president
someone once said that a man had it the
soul of a vice president who said that
about how it was terrible was gene
McCarthy talking about the father Walter
Mondale but that was a Minnesota
intermural thought anyway the vice
president frequently played the role of
the president's biggest cheerleader
don't you think let's watch thanks to
the leadership of President Donald Trump
welcome to the beginning of the end of
Obamacare
thank you for your boundless faith in
the American people
president Trump has been making history
since the first day of this
administration I know I speak on behalf
of the entire cabinet and of millions of
Americans when I say congratulations and
thank you you've restored American
credibility on the world stage you sign
more bills rolling back federal red tape
than any president in American history
you've spurred an optimism in this
country that's setting records I'm
deeply humbled as your vice president to
be able to be here it's the greatest
privilege of my life to serve as vice
president to president Truong he's a man
of his word
he's a man of action IKEA I think of the
culture of these two gentlemen what is
totally secular in his life his
lifestyle he's not pious and religious
in any form the other one seems very
pious very evangelical I would think
Morrowind by his terms what do they got
in common these two guys nothing nothing
whatever but if you believe as mr. pence
might and some people say he does
believe that a he's in constant
communication with God and that God
wants him to be president of therefore
anything mr. pence does it advances his
presidential prospects pleases God if
you have that line of reasoning then you
can see why nothing he does is really
degrading it's God's will
well his career has been has been
lickety-split he went from US Congress
to governor of Indiana the vice
president I state so much Nick st. Nick
Sonia and it's speed maybe has something
we don't know if he knows something we
don't know George I'm kidding but he
must have reason to believe that he's
been selected here he might have known
that getting on the ticket with mr.
Trump was a way avoiding a race in
Indiana last year in 2016 that he might
have lost I know that well where we
going with this what do you think this
pray vice president's gonna do is he
gonna stick around
obviously welfare yeah as many terms as
he can get right of course well there we
are George Jeff well thank you for this
absolutely abysmal outlook on the future
of Mike Pence um hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
