needs to go to the midterms and the ads
flooding the airwaves are remarkable I
am joined by comedian Joe Mande and
actor director producer Rob Reiner for a
very special midterm segment nice to see
you both nice to see you you guys have
seen veep I have yeah so now we have
life imitating the art does a meanness
of veep which of course makes fun of the
way our politics works on the left you
have Senator Joe Donnelly he's running
for election Indiana on the right
leave character Jonah Ryan who in the
show was running for Congress this is
truly unbelievable take a look for the
most part I'm an easygoing guy but not
when Mike Braun keeps lying about my
record Selina Meyer thinks she can jump
our prosperity the liberal left wants to
chop defense spending her dignity no way
I'm about giving our troops the edge
yeah I think it's effective I don't know
if that was deliberate but I don't think
it's a bad thing to associate yourself
with a critically acclaimed HBO show
interesting angle I don't think they
realized that they were living out the
cliche of a politician right but if I
were his campaign manager I would just
say let's do it again let's dress him up
like Khaleesi
you know let's dress them up like our
list let's have him drive constituents
around and do a taxicab confessions just
run with it Rob well there's the line
there's no more lying
it's one big blurry mess that we're
looking at I mean you know somebody
would come up to you say okay we're
gonna make a movie about a guy with
wacky hair who's a reality show host and
he's a failed businessman but he becomes
president of the United States talk
about Takashi six nine run exactly
exactly so you you the satire should be
something that takes what is and bends
it we're now living in a place where you
can't satirize it anymore I feel like
you're very close to saying if it bends
it's funny and if it breaks it's not
funny you're too young for that but it's
an Annie Hall reference yeah that's an
any no it's not
ha that's not a nanny halt hives and
misdemeanors yes closer Alan Alda salad
all the small-time crooks movies Richard
Linklater who some people say is a
better director than you I say it you
say that yeah
he's gotten involved here he was going
after Ted Cruz with his own at a triple
meat water burger too liberal what does
that even mean Ted I'm a everybody I
know it takes his likes water burger
just as a consumer I'm a big fan of
eating White Castle burgers
I like their little burgers I don't even
know what that is
there's not a White Castle within nine
hundred miles of Texas Ted may be up in
Canada huh but not in Texas effective
yeah really effective I don't know if
you played the last part I saw that ad
and he goes what is it and little with
the word Ted at the end it's very
effective
people don't like Ted Cruz now he's a
like a goblin yeah well no it could be
on Halloween cruise now there's the
other thing that happens where these
these guys try to be funny guys and gals
trying to be funny in their ads this was
the Republican running for governor in
Georgia and take a look right I'm Brian
Kemp this is Jake young man interested
in one of my daughters
yes sir Jake ass was running for
governor I said one cap government
spending to take a chainsaw to
regulations three make Georgia number
one for small business in two things if
you go on date one of my daughter's
respect man a healthy appreciation for
the Second Amendment sir we're gonna get
along just fine
okay Joe I would love to see the
outtakes from that you know Brian Kim
why do I want to be governor the kids
like because you hate minorities No
because you hate women because you have
a hole in your heart that can only be
filled by corporate greed are you guys
available to help anyone with campaign
ads now that they've seen I've done -
I've done 3 campaign of you know but I'm
down I've got all these ideas of a
Netflix special yeah it's the next
logical step I think so
comedian Joe Mande and celebrated
director Rob Reider thanks to both you
for being here thanks we're the new
diamond in silk
who's the diamond who's the silk you
choose I don't know hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
