welcome back 2018 is proving to be the
year of the woman and that means there
could be a lot more women on Capitol
Hill next year than ever before a new
analysis shows that a record-breaking a
hundred women may be elected to the
House this year consider right now 86
percent of House Republicans are white
men compared to 41 percent of Democrats
and the Democratic caucus may end up
looking even more diverse next year
while the GOP decidedly doesn't this all
comes after progressives like Alexandria
Ocasio Cortez and Ayanna Presley scored
primary Upstate's
upsets over longtime incumbents who were
you guessed it white men
meanwhile the number of Republican
Republican Women in the House might
actually decline several of the 23 House
GOP women are at risk of losing
reelection this fall and others opted to
either run for higher offer office or
retire so we could end up seeing two
parties in the house next year that look
very different from one another I'm
joined now by David Wasserman house
editor of the cook Political Report and
an NBC News contributor who wrote about
this trend
welcome David thanks for being here
first of all thanks Katie let's talk
about what's wrong with the GOP and
women is it likely that there will be
less women in office for the GOP come
November yeah that's right and Americans
are poised to elect more than 100 women
to the House of Representatives for the
first time in history there are likely
to be between 30 and 40 new women in the
house and 2019 keep in mind back in 1992
which was supposedly the year of the
woman that set a record of 24 new women
in the house we're talking about between
30 and 40 and 2018 so this could make
that look tiny and what's remarkable is
that the parties are pulling apart
demographically this is entirely driven
by Democrats Democrats are going to
probably expand their ranks of women by
1/3 while Republicans could lose up to
1/3 of their current women well let's
talk about 1992 because I listened to a
fascinating interview
with Diane Feinstein that the New York
Times did last week about 1992 and that
being the year of the woman and and what
this year might mean and she said that
that year it was Anita Hills testimony
on the hill and the whole saga with
Clarence Thomas said that an ignited
women to say hey listen maybe we need
more people who look like us sitting in
the Senate who can ask these questions
so someone like Anita Hill would not get
totally dragged through the mud its 2018
Donald Trump is president he's been
accused by multiple women of harassment
abuse and worse he's denied all of those
things is that contributing to all the
women we are seeing running for office
especially on the Democratic side yeah
this is the year of the fired up female
college graduate much as 1994 was the
year of the angry white male so to speak
but a lot of the attention has been on
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes and Ayana
Presley but there are a lot of
Democratic women who I think will be
national figures and household names in
the future people like Katie Hill from
California who ran an anti homelessness
nonprofit Mikey Sherrill in northern New
Jersey who was a Navy helicopter pilot
where Abigail Spann burger in Virginia
who was an undercover CIA officer and I
think there is a chance that this class
of recruits on the Democratic side and
let's let's be careful with the word
recruit because most of them chose to
run themselves yeah
this could produce a future presidential
nominee in looking at these successes
the female House candidate successes in
the primaries so far this year there's a
big disparity between the Democrats and
the Republicans 69% of female house
candidates a won their primaries in 2018
for the Democrats only 35 percent of
female candidates running for
Republicans though won their primaries
what do you how do you explain the
difference there well clearly this is a
backlash to Trump much as 1992 was a
backlash to the Clarence Thomas Supreme
Court confirmation as you hinted and
what's unique about this year the reason
why the numbers are just through the
roof total
precedented on the Democratic side in
primaries is that Democratic primary
voters are really responding to this
message that Congress should look more
like the people that it represents
Republican primaries thus far have
mostly been about who's more loyal to
Donald Trump and so you're seeing that
play out on both sides of the aisle very
different and in looking at the GOP are
they going to pick up any said seats
with women this year there are three
states where Republicans could elect new
women and those are New Mexico South
Carolina and West Virginia but keep in
mind there are seven Republican women
who are leaving the house this year four
of them to run for other office
including two and Tennessee Marsha
Blackburn and Diane Black who will be
replaced by men so in Tennessee alone
Republicans are going to lose two of the
23 women who are currently serving in
the house they'll lose another in South
Dakota meanwhile Democrats are poised to
add four women in Pennsylvania and three
each in Texas and in perhaps Florida
perhaps Minnesota so these gains are all
over the map can you say that the the
driving force for the women who are
winning our votes from other women yeah
I think this year more than any other
we're seeing the candidates running on
the Democratic side reflect who's
energized at the base level and the
reason why Trump's historically abysmal
approval rating with with
college-educated women is just so
damning for Republicans is that they're
the likeliest demographic to show up and
vote in a midterm election to begin with
so the fact that that his approval
rating with that subset of voters is in
the low 30s or I've seen you know in the
July NBC Wall Street Journal poll it was
even 26% that's just dreadful and it's
the intensity of that disapproval that
that is so potent particularly in
suburban districts David Wasserman thank
you so much for joining us we appreciate
it thank you awesome November that's for
sure
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channels
that they
now do me a favor subscribe by clicking
on that button down there click on any
of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
