is breaking just minutes ago South
Carolina is ordering mandatory
evacuations along its entire coastline
as hurricane Florence which is now a
category 4 storm powers its way through
the Atlantic look at the size of this
thing we're gonna show it to you on a
bigger map so you have a sense of how
big this storm is Florence is expected
to make landfall in the Carolinas on
Thursday noon tomorrow September 11th I
have already ordered the mandatory
evacuation of all people in all of the
evacuation zones we do not want to risk
one South Carolina life in this
hurricane so we went in to suffer some
inconvenience the storm has caused a
Trump campaign to cancel a rally and
Mississippi scheduled for later this
week NBC meteorologist Michelle Grossman
joins us now with the latest on this
major storm you know it's serious
because Michelle's in here with me this
is big
it's slow moving and it's powerful
that's right there's no place I would
rather be let's start with that and
you're right this is a serious situation
and we're going to continue to watch
this over the next several days time is
of essence here we have a few days
before it really does make landfall
so make your plans now we're looking at
a destructive storm by Thursday into
Friday you can see by this graphic here
how conducive we are for these strong
storms right we have three storms in the
Atlantic two in the Pacific and even the
remnants of Gordon effect in parts of
the Northeast back to Texas so let's
hone in on Florence here you can see a
huge storm right we saw that on
satellite just a few minutes ago and
we're seeing the bubbling thunderstorms
we're seeing that eye form just a
perfect storm really and we're gonna
continue to see this as we move across
the Atlantic here so winds at 130 miles
per hour we're going to see
strengthening over the next several days
we have ingredients that are just right
for blossoming storms we have very warm
waters that really helps to fuel the
storms that's in place the second one is
a light wind shear so wind shear tends
to rip apart a storm that's not there so
we're gonna see the ingredients helping
it to move towards the coast here again
making landfall as a category 4 storm
and a pretty haddock or a strong one as
well so as we go throughout time here
even as it makes landfall we're gonna
have lots of problem here also problems
too I'll show you that
just a minute base still category one
storm so we're still gonna have some
very windy conditions some high surf
lots of problems with these storms even
destructive problems here is a setup we
have a steering mechanism that's not a
good thing we have an area of high
pressure it's a big one it's gonna
blossom tomorrow it's gonna help the
storm I help to steer that category 4
storm right into the southeast depending
where it ends up over the next several
days and then the second problem is that
high to the north so once it makes
landfall it's gonna get stuck there kind
of when you're out on the roadway you
get stuck or there's a wall it's not
gonna be able to go anywhere so it's
really good of Stolte so the sit and
spin and just drop lots and lots of rain
over the next several days we're talking
anywhere from 5 up to 15 inches of rain
even higher than that so we're not
talking about snow we're talking about
rain it just sounds like a lot of rain
and it will be we're gonna see some
pretty bad flooding as we go throughout
the next several days and doesn't end
this weekend we're gonna see those
problems into next week so let's talk
about the winds as well that's gonna be
a problem where you see the pink the
highest winds so Cape Hatteras
Wilmington Raleigh there you are in the
pink even down to Charleston a little
less but still moderate for Roanoke
Charlotte Charleston some really big
wind gusts so keep in mind we could see
some power lines down we could see some
trees down blocking roadway so you want
to get the water you want to make sure
you have the flashlights and batteries
this is the time to prepare I can't that
enough right we want to hope for the
best but we're really good to prepare
for the worst because we're seeing this
trend to stay intact day after day after
day there's not a whole lot in its way
to stop it so let's talk about the
rainfall as we go throughout time here
again 5 to 15 inches of rain up to 20 in
some spots and we're talking training
over some areas so it's not gonna move
like some other storms think Harvey
where we just saw that rains day after
day the bullseye will be where you see
the hot pink 7 inches isolated higher
amounts as we go throughout time and
then again we were just really active
over the entire tropics and the
ingredients are there for these really
big storms all right I'm heading out
there I'm gonna be are you in the
Carolinas for this it worth noting
though that Charlotte is is within an
area that American Airlines is gonna
start canceling flights now that's what
I think you know what my twin sister has
a storm I has a flight on the
stay they're gonna start canceling
probably late tomorrow yep so everybody
should be ready for that if you've got
plans to go to the southeast
because Atlanta is close by and
Charlotte is close by these both hubs
for Delta and for American it's gonna
affect flight flying and travel across
the entire country Thank You Michelle
well hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
