now an NBC News exclusive a new tape
from Omarosa Manigault newman the former
White House aide who wrote that tell-all
about the Trump White House Omarosa was
on the show just a few moments ago she
says that this new tape is of a
conversation between President Trump and
his communications team from October
2017 we should note that at the end of
the recording you were going to hear a
conversation cut off a brief discussion
of Hillary Clinton that part was
included in a tape that was that was
released earlier today what are we going
to hear in this particular section this
recording is kind of disturbing because
it's right after the attacks a nice year
and you'll hear Donald Trump kind of
rambling on about the attacks there
giving misinformation to the comms team
and kind of mocking the death of these
soldiers it's painful to hear him
because as you know he would go on to
attack the widow of Sergeant Lee David
Johnson just a couple of weeks after
everyone in the room here comms team or
national security forces or anything
these are all cops team did everyone in
the room have clearance no these are
junior staffers that he's rambling on to
very junior staffers and he just rolled
just just kind of Bogart it into the
room and then and then after he finishes
he makes us all go into the Oval Office
to keep an audience for him to ramble on
some more all right let's we'll play the
tape and then we'll talk about it on the
other side we also have our Pentagon
correspondent standing by as well here's
the tape
a lot of things happening on the
economic front I think the military is
doing good
one nine years so what happens is we
have decimated everybody you know it's a
rough business they're rough too they
want to kill us
we've let the military do with that to
do and when you go through lots of
engagement or anyway you want to say it
well we've let them do and in the Middle
East has very few left we've really done
a very good job we've done war in seven
months to his room at seven months and
we've done more than seven months of
that eight years and some were they good
there but what happens is now they flee
and they flee to Africa and they flee to
those year and countries around them and
that's how these you know people get
attacked and they got attacked by fifty
real fighters but these were people in
many cases that were in the Middle East
then now go to Africa
you know cause problems there and
ultimately they want to come back here
because this is what they really want to
be so it's a rough business I don't
think I'd want to be a butt but that's
the you know people don't say that the
reason they're there is because we force
too bad and it's not nearly as many
attempts but it's pretty intense you see
that happening so that's that I think
Hillary's gonna kill those Russia the
real Russia Stern is Hillary of
collision somebody talk all right so the
laughter that we heard there are Laura
said that they were laughing at what
part there they were laughing because
he's like making light of the situation
he's saying oh I wouldn't want to be
terrorists and then you hear the laugher
and laughter and he continues on to talk
about I don't want to be in that
business and you see the transcript but
it's not a laughing matter we lost four
American soldiers and four of our allies
and Nigerian troops that were fighting
alongside and they were ambushed by 100
Isis fighters and it's unfortunate
because he would go on to attack the
widow of this soldier so you have to
question how seriously he takes the
people who put their lives on the line
for this country the sacrifices made by
American families you hear these
conversations and you know in the op-ed
the anonymous writer talks about people
being very concerned when people say
come forward and give us proof that he's
unfit give us proof that he's unhinged
here it is Donald Trump raw showing you
just how unhinged and inappropriate he
is talking to junior staffers about
something so serious and again there's
that heart turn at the end from talking
about the fight against terrorism in
these year and then in the next breath
Hillary Clinton his go-to is Hillary
Clinton or Barack Obama that's that's
his greatest hit you know he's I just
don't Twitter not just in speeches but
in person in meetings with his staff and
then he wants us to go out and report
this garbage that he repeats and that's
why people questioned our credibility
every single day I want to bring in
BC News Pentagon correspondent Hans
Nichols now to give us some context to
this recording and for our our viewers
and listeners we should be clear we
played this for you a few moments ago
you've had some time to digested you
weren't just listening to it as we were
listening to it I'll give us some
context here if you can sir well a lot
of what the president was talking about
was well known at the time the idea that
these American troops this Special
Forces team was overwhelmed by about 50
troops we knew that number there the
main new thing I heard from President
Trump is the idea that the Isis fighters
and as an Isis linked group in Nazaire
that they had come from the Middle East
that's the first time I've heard any
official say that definitively in Craig
I've got to be honest we've asked a lot
around here what's happening to all the
Isis fighters there in Syria that are in
Iraq they have not seen hard evidence
that they have physically moved from the
Middle East to Africa so the president
is revealing something quite new there
or he's saying something that actually
isn't true I don't have the raw Intel so
I'm not a position to adjudicate one
other thing on president's declassifying
stuff this has been a long-standing
debate the general rule seems to be that
the president can declassify something
just by saying it he has the power
himself the most glaring example we saw
that was when he spoke to the Russian
Foreign Minister mr. Lavrov inside the
Oval Office talking about some very data
sensitive intelligence that they
collected from allies the time is
collected from the Israelis but they
didn't want to read necessarily reveal
that so there's a lot in there to me the
newest the news point whether or not
it's true I don't know is that these
fighters from the GND chair came from
the Middle East I haven't heard a lot of
evidence of that inside this building
Craig to be clear we should point out
here that we have reached out to the
White House to comment on the tape that
we just heard we have not heard back
from the White House on that request
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
