John Kerry the former Secretary of State
and the author of the new book every day
is extra joining us to talk about this
at other issues and this is part one of
a two-part interview that were going to
be concluding tomorrow let's talk about
North Korea first the president praising
Kim jong-un we are reporting today they
are building more weapons they are
increasing the pace of their nuclear
construction just as the president
saying we have denuclearized had it well
the impact of well I mean obviously the
there's a huge confusion and what was or
wasn't agreed to I understand people in
the administration don't even know what
was agreed to specifically specifically
in general terms perhaps yes in
Singapore but to announce
denuclearization and say it's not a
problem anymore which is what they've
done when the intelligence community is
saying they're building more we don't
know where they are we don't know how
many there are there's no specific
agreement as to how that's going to be
defined it's just living in more of this
completely unrealistic and frankly fake
news atmosphere now you mentioned that
we don't know even people in the
administration do not know what really
happened in Singapore we certainly don't
know what happened during a Sookie
during a meeting and a sinky it's not
even clear that the president's
intelligence advisors know what happened
in Helsinki but we were sure that well
we do know one thing that happened in
Helsinki was the president United States
didn't defend the United States he
actually defended President Putin's
denial which everybody in our
intelligence community disagrees with so
we're living in a very difficult and
complicated moment Andrea obviously and
it's it's dangerous in many ways every
day is extra explorers a whole career of
viewers not just a Secretary of State
the Foreign Relations Committee what
have we lost do you think because of the
way President Trump is conducting
foreign policy NATO today closing the
PLO the Palestinian office here cutting
off refugee age
it's cutting off aid to a hospital and
he's in East Jerusalem the president has
hugely damaged American credibility on a
global basis
he has upset alliances which are
critical to America's long-term security
he's left leaders around the world
worried and wondering what the next shoe
fall may be it is no way to conduct the
critical affairs of our nation and I
think it puts our interests at risk it
will cost us both money and frankly some
of the decisions he's made will cost us
lives and when we look at the way other
people other leaders were looking at us
what is it what is the message to
Vladimir Putin and our adversaries well
the message obviously the President
Putin is go ahead and do what you're
doing because I don't agree with my
intelligence community and I'm the
president therefore listen to me and I
think President Putin is continuing to
do what he is because our intelligence
community tells us they're continuing to
try to interfere with our election even
this year hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
