at a private gathering over the weekend
White House Budget Director Mick
Mulvaney warned Republican donors and
party officials that the party was
battling serious vulnerabilities in the
upcoming midterms according to the New
York Times Mulvaney raised the prospect
that senator Ted Cruz of Texas could
lose his bid for re-election because
he's not seen as likeable enough in an
audio recording obtained by the time
small veiny conceded that President
Trump's personal unpopularity was a
problem for the party but he predicted
it would not ultimately be a decisive
factor for most voters he also alluded
to mr. Cruz without mentioning his name
as a lawmaker who might lack the charm
to win a contested race this year he
said quote there's a very real
possibility we will win a race for
Senate in Florida and lose a race for
Texas for Senate okay I don't think it's
likely but a possibility how likable is
a candidate that still counts
senator Cruz responded dismissively
hours later waving off Mulvaney as quote
some political guy in Washington another
detail from that New York Times report
says the president is still bewildered
about why Roy Moore who is accused of
molesting a child lost his Senate race
to Doug Jones Mick Mulvaney said quote
the president asks me all the time
why did Roy Moore lose Mulvaney told the
crowd quote that's easy he was a
terrible candidate Joe what do you think
well there's so much to think here first
of all you have Ted Cruz talking about
Mick Mulvaney is just another political
guy in Washington DC as if Ted Cruz
hasn't been a political guy in
Washington DC most of his adult life I
mean talk about raging hypocrisy he is
from the swamp Ted Cruz and has been for
this one and the swamp for some time he
was a swamp creature
for george w bush before he decided when
the tea party came along that he was
going to be an outsider but it's just a
couple things about Donald Trump first
and says he's far more insulated and
isolated than any of
could have expected even Mulvaney
answered why Yahweh more lost the race
Donald Trump is still shocked that he
lost the race it suggests that he really
does he has a steady diet of news from
steady diet of news from from from Fox
News he doesn't read things that will
upset him doesn't see things that will
upset him that much and so going into
this battle with Democrats in the fall
he has no view of of how he's seen or
how the rest of the Republican Party
seen that's that's going to be a real
problem not only for him but for the
Republican party because Mika he's the
guy who's supposed to be planning the
counter attack against Democrats this
fall I think that's a very kind
assessment by the way joining us now
distinguished professor of history at
American University Allan Lichtman he's
the author of the new book the embattled
vote in America from the founding to the
present also with us author and NBC News
political analyst Annan geared artists
his new book winners take all the elite
charade of changing the world which is a
New York Times bestseller where do we
begin
Joe these are two great books two great
guests and also some really interesting
questions about what is happening to the
electorate I want to follow up with the
professor about his last book
impeachment professor you've been right
about all of the presidential election
since Taft right right whatever whatever
the stat is it's pretty pretty
remarkable but you also predicted the
impeachment of Donald J Trump do you
still feel like these months later it's
still moving in that direction
absolutely everything I wrote about a
year and a half ago in my book the case
for impeachment is coming to pass I
wrote about how Donald Trump
inveterately lies chapter on that
chapter on flouting the law a chapter on
war on women a chapter on the Russia
connection a chapter on his nefarious
business activities it is now all coming
to
head I believe there will be multiple
grounds ultimately from teaching Donald
Trump on financial crimes obstruction of
justice and quite possibly conspiracy to
undermine our democracy but it may well
depend upon the Democrats taking over
the house in this November because the
Republicans have shown no spine in
standing up to this president who
threatens our democracy well a lot of
what happens this fall depends on the
House of Representatives which of course
has been gerrymandered so it's not just
conservatives the most conservative
conservatives that get elected in their
district it's the most progressive of
Democrats that get elected in their
district so you usually only have thirty
five forty seats in normal years that
are up for grabs out of 435 right you
know I wrote in my book that the great
mystery of American politics thinks most
people don't know is you do not have an
America a guaranteed right to vote the
great mistake of the founding fathers
was not putting a right to vote in the
Constitution along with all the other
rights and every subsequent amendment
has been phrased negatively in terms of
what the states can't do you can't deny
the vote based on race or age or gender
but we still don't have a guarantee of
the vote and that's why these folks can
get away with egregious racial and
political gerrymandering with voter
suppression through voter purges and
voter ID and now we've seen one of the
most outrageous attempts at voter
suppression in modern history the Trump
administration trying to subpoena the
records the voting records of millions
upon millions of people in North
Carolina you know the tactics have
changed
we don't outright ban people from voting
it anymore
but the battle remains the same and the
stakes are just as high let's talk about
racial gerrymandering for a minute
because actually racial gerrymandering
pushed by civil rights legislation and
also by Democrats themselves trying to
guarantee that there are black members
of Congress in many ways that's worked
to Republicans advantage because you
carve out the most likely of Democratic
voters you look for instance a district
in Florida the Jacksonville district it
goes down like a snake and what you do
effectively is while guaranteeing one
Democratic seat you in effect help
Republicans in all of the adjoining
seats isn't it time to look past some of
those civil rights some of the
gerrymandering that was done for the
right reason but now is having a
detrimental effect absolutely I was an
expert witness in a series of cases
recently in the state of Florida which
by the way has pioneered a
constitutional amendment against
political gerrymandering and I was able
to show as an expert witness that in
fact you don't need these packed
african-american districts in order for
african-americans to elect candidates of
their choice that in fact you can reduce
these percentages unpack these districts
and give tremendous advantages to
african-americans and progressives
because you can create coalition
districts across the state now it is
Republicans and conservatives as we saw
in modern North Carolina and in Virginia
who want to pack African Americans and
other minorities into particular
districts so that Republicans can have
the advantage everywhere else I have
been strongly arguing against that at my
book the embattled vote in America makes
the point very strongly well you know
and Eddie this is something again that
that was one of these these laws that
that was passed with all the best of
intentions but now all of these years
later it ends up working against all of
them all of the goals of the original
legislation yeah it's one of the ironies
of a certain way of approaching the
issue the the very difficult question
and issue of racial equality oftentimes
in
in this country Joe african-americans
are treated as a cause or problem and
because we're treated as a kind of cause
you know for charitable kind of work or
a problem we don't really get to the
heart of the matter and then we end up
on this kind of racial hamster wheel
professor let me ask you this question
so is race at the heart of this problem
with the vote is it yes he razor is
absolutely central it seems to always
come back to the great American dilemma
of race but arguments about race always
transcend race and what people don't
realize is in the very early republic
most of the constitutions were race
blind it was only in the 19th century
that virtually every constitution se5 in
america wiped out African American
voting and when the Fifteenth Amendment
was being debated in 1870 there were
those who said we shouldn't focus on
race rather we should have a universal
guarantee of the vote but the response
was this was all we can do at the time
because the great sacrifice of the Civil
War was about race you know and it's so
interesting that what we're talking
about right now is yet one more reason
for people on both sides to get out and
vote in the next 60 70 days because the
gerrymandered lines that we have today
were determined by the tea party
revolution in 2010 since she'd do this
every 20 years but governors that are
getting elected this year will determine
how lines are going to be drawn for the
next decade so the stakes aren't just
about Donald Trump it's how Congress and
how gerrymandered districts look for the
next 12 years and let me even frame that
out once more because I fully agree with
you this election is inevitably framed
around Trump and the important most
important election in decades before
that reason I think it's the most
important for one further
and which is you know one of the reasons
I wrote winner-take-all was I believe
change has been stolen the idea of
making change has been stolen from the
people by the very powerful and if you
just look at what you talked about in
the show today or what's happening in
America this week this is the tenth
anniversary this week of the financial
meltdown that caused the you know the
global economy to tank and from which
only the rich have really recovered we
talked about Mark Zuckerberg on your
show talking about changing America
while compromising our democracy we
talked about Donald Trump fighting for
the common man while in fact enriching
himself and all of this is happening
because instead of believing that it is
through the vote that we make change in
America we have outsourced
change to billionaires and we need to
learn to take change back and this this
election in November is needs to be more
than just a repudiation of Donald Trump
it needs to be repudiation of fake
change the book is the embattled vote in
America from the founding to the present
that saw professor Allan Lichtman book
thank you very much and thank you on and
stay with us we'll continue our
political roundtable with you just ahead
on Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
