all right the White House continues its
search for the anonymous writer of last
week's explosive op-ed in The New York
Times on Friday President Trump said he
wants Attorney General Jeff Sessions to
investigate suggesting that the op-ed
amounts to treason
we're gonna take a look at what he had
what he gave what he's talking about
also where he is right now
what is it in the op-ed that would make
it treasonous what makes your them to
think the forecourt how are we secure
Chuck that the four corners of any op-ed
is all or all that that's somebody that
who's doesn't have the guts and the
courage to come out and put their name
to that to that bed how do we know they
haven't promised other things how do we
know they're not taking other documents
the far as a United States wants the
Attorney General to investigate what
what law was broken here that the
Attorney General needs to investigate it
depends there could be and there could
not be and so you don't know that and I
don't know that so he wants as he has
ordered the Attorney General nobody's
investigating and has he ordered the
investigation of who wrote the I want I
won't talk about that he has said
publicly that he thinks that we should
find out who this person is meanwhile
members of the Trump administration
continue to deny any involvement in
writing the anonymous op-ed vice
president Mike Pence says he's confident
it wasn't anyone on his staff let me be
very clear I'm the one hundred percent
confident that no one on the vice
president's staff was involved in this
an anonymous editorial you asked them I
you know you know honestly I don't have
to ask them because I know them I know
their character I know their dedication
and I am absolutely confident that no
one on the vice president's staff had
anything to do with this and US
ambassador to the United Nations nikki
Haley has written her own op-ed slamming
the anonymous piece in The New York
Times and she writes in part this when
there is disagreement there is a right
way and a wrong way to address it I pick
up the phone and call him or meet with
him in person as a former governor I
find it absolutely chilling to imagine
that a high-ranking member of my team
would secretly try to thwart my agenda
that is not the American Way it is
fundamentally disloyal not just to the
chief executive but to our country and
to our values Heidi pres Bella there's a
lot of questions as to whether or not
you know not following the system in
reaction to the president is the right
way to go I think it's a very slippery
slope and extremely dangerous and I have
a lot of questions about this op-ed but
the investigation into who done it
that seems also to be a slippery slope
as well calling it treason also a
slippery slope did not hear from any of
the administration officials mica who
hit the airwaves a good explanation of
how anything that was in that op-ed
could qualify as treason it was simply a
member of this administration exercising
their most fundamental right under the
First Amendment to free speech and by
the way it verified everything that has
been reported in numerous books in a
numerous article since the beginning of
this administration but it does
highlight I think a broader question
that it someday will be reconciled here
for the media and for the American
people which is just what extent has
there been any kind of official
coordination between this administration
and the Justice Department there are
outside groups that have issued a flurry
of FOIA as on everything from the AT&T
Time Warner deal to other attacks that
the president has made on news
organizations to try and get to the
bottom of whether there has been any a
violation of the contacts policy that
we've had Frank
since Nixon because of this very problem
that we saw Illustrated at that time and
so I think this is just another example
it seemed like if you read between the
lines the administration was saying
there has been no formal order from this
White House but I think given that
everything that we've seen going back to
the days of the president launching his
campaign calling for an investigation of
his political rival there should be a
lot of skepticism about that and the
American people deserve answers a whole
lot of skepticism and you know this this
happens mark McKinnon all the time in
government the most dramatic case the
Pentagon Papers but in 2005 the
Washington Post published black sights
and methods that the United States
government was using to try to thwart
the next al Qaeda attack it happened
with Barack Obama's administration the
CIA the FBI leaking things they didn't
want to hear it happens all the time and
for Trump and his supporters to call
this treasonous or sedition
zadie McCarthy of National Review and
Fox News said they just need to be quiet
and stop embarrassing themselves anybody
that's ever persecute prosecuted this
edition case knows this is not sedition
this is not Tredici reason this is
someone exercising the First Amendment
rights and patriotism and it's just
another example that should cause a lot
of people some disturbance that
President Trump was once again trying to
direct the Justice Department for
political reasons not not not for any
serious policy reasons but you know when
he gets news he doesn't like he directs
the his Justice Department to
investigate to to try and do things for
him politically which is really a
problem you know when I do when the
anonymous thing came out I was struck
because I remember being at the National
Cathedral for McCain's funeral and
thinking you know there was just such a
that whole week the accolades were so
spectacular and talking about a
different time when our politics were
different and maybe they could be that
way again and wondering if somebody
would step up and it became like fashion
and who
might be now and and now we have a
direct line between the timing of that
editorial and the the McCain services
which I thought was interesting now I
think John McCain would have put his
name on it but I do think that that that
person might have been inspired by last
week yeah you know Nick you work at the
New York Times you want to tell us this
morning who it is I also have no answers
for you Joe yeah exactly I will say that
it there are a lot of people that were
expecting it to be a marquee name Willie
had a pretty good source that suggested
that it wasn't someone that the rest of
the country knows and actually has the
name we won't say it here today but but
that name is slowly but surely getting
around in Washington DC any concerns
that if it's not a marquee name that
everybody knows that the time maybe the
times may be accused of over playing
their hand well Joe I don't speak for
the paper but yeah I would say that I
would hope and I expect and I'm sure
that my colleagues on the op-ed page
would not use the phrase a senior
administration official if there was not
an actual senior person but that said
that still leaves a fairly wide number
of people so if you adopt a strict
definition of senior administration
official it's still dozens or a hundred
people that it could be which is why
it's a good use in new stories as well
that we often use to mask identities or
have a source attribution but hopefully
it has a person who merits that title
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
