the book means nothing it's a work of
fiction
if you look back at Woodward's past he
had the same problem with other
presidents he likes to get publicity
sell some books the book is a work of
fiction the same week the New York Times
published that anonymous op-ed by a
senior White House official describing
what the author calls a resistance okay
within the Trump administration we got
the first excerpts from an upcoming book
by journalist Bob Woodward of Watergate
Fame that spills all the tea that's left
to brew in excerpts obtained by The
Washington Post Woodward describes an
administrative coup d'etat and a nervous
breakdown of the executive branch fear
Trump in the White House drops on
Tuesday joining me now is Timothy
O'Bryan of Bloomberg opinion democratic
congressman ted Lieu of California EJ
Dionne of the Washington Post and
Natasha Barrett ront of the Atlantic
normally I'd start at the table but I'm
gonna give the honorific to the
congressman what do you make of the fact
that according to the author of the New
York Times and according to Bob
Woodward's book which both concur on
this point we essentially have unelected
wash White House staffers or senior
officials in their own minds running the
country instead of the President
good morning joy thank you for that
question I think what's important to
take away is that they're consistent
that Donald Trump is unfit for office
but I do disagree with the tactics of
the senior White House official who is
anonymous I think what he or she should
do is confront their president try get
him to change if he doesn't then he
needs to resign because the way our
Constitution is set up it is not for a
staff member to be a check and balance
on the president is for Congress and
unfortunately the Republican Congress
has been complicit for far too long and
voters this November can make a choice
what do they want to change that do any
of your colleagues on the hill come up
to you ever and off the record say to
you we know that this is a problem and
we're embarrassed that we're not able to
do anything or not willing to do
anything about it yes and there is a
very interesting blog post by a
conservative writer Erick Erickson that
came out last year and he would count
sake conversation had with Republican
member of Congress with the friends at
president Daly and Fox News and then had
a conversation with him at a Safeway
grocery store unloaded on the president
said things I would even
say so it's very clear to me that while
looking at the same reality it's just
that some of my Republican colleagues
choose to lie about it let me play for
you congressman the vice president of
the United States on CBS News Face the
Nation this morning being asked about
the op-ed about discussions of invoking
the 25th amendment a sort of Baker
acting of the President of the United
States take a listen one of the claims
made in the op-ed is that there'd been
discussion of invoking the 25th
amendment to even remove the president
from office have you ever been part of a
conversation about that no never and why
would we be I mean how long is it to you
as a member of the United States
Congress that that question is on the
table to the vice president of the
United States again I think it is
important to have a check and balance
that we need a real Congress that can do
that and the fact that some senior White
House officials have had discussions
about the 25th amendment
she really disturbed many Americans we
are the greatest nation in the world and
it is just embarrassing to see the chaos
at the White House and I do look forward
to reading Woodward's book when it comes
out on Tuesday yeah I'm sure a lot of
people do okay let me come to the table
here and talk to Tim here's Bob Woodward
on CBS News Sunday morning I'm earlier
this morning and he's talking about this
point made in the book that in order to
prevent Donald Trump from signing
dangerous orders like pulling out of a
fit of a free trade agreement with South
Korea that has huge implications for
national security for our 28,000 troops
that are there for bigger arrangements
that Trump insisted on pulling out of
even though he was advised not to this
is Bob Woodward talking about staff
taking the papers off his desk to stop
him from doing it take a listen so he
wouldn't sign them because they realized
that this would endanger the country how
do they get away with it he doesn't
remember if it's not on his desk if it's
not immediately available for action
it goes away he doesn't remember and
he's it sounds to me as what's being
described here as a president who's both
dangerous and maybe impaired and has
attention deficit disorder you know we
already know through ample reporting
that when anyone in the executive branch
wants to get a point across him they
don't give him things to read they make
pictures they draw pictures they give
him drawings he's not a guy who reads he
doesn't pay attention to detail the only
thing in fact that he really zeroes in
on when it details are involved right is
his own reputation his own standing in
the public eye that's why he's reacting
to the Woodward book and The Times out
that in the way he he has this whole
notion that his team has come out with
us that it's horrendous to be using
anonymous sources it's grotesque to put
things on the record anonymously Trump
is a 72 year old man who has spent the
last five decades anonymously leaking
gossip and negative information about
family members enemies business
associates yeah he's played this game
himself some time using a fictitious
name John Baron or John Miller was
another one right and and about his
ex-wives he would he would tell me
gossip about corporate CEOs he would
whisper I'm here in my ear ask me to
print this stuff and now that it's in
the air the White House is in chaos and
they've launched a mole hunt to find out
who the sources you have natascha a
couple of points in the book the
Woodward book says that would renounce
mattis of the defense secretary Jim
mattis was particularly exasperated and
alarmed at one point dealing with Donald
Trump and I believe this was over the
same South Korea issue telling closest
associates that the president acted and
had the understanding of a fifth or
sixth grader one more john kelly his
chief of staff supposedly said he's an
idiot
it's pointless to try to convince him of
anything he's gone off the rails were in
crazy town I don't even know why any of
us are here this is the worst job I've
ever had
Rex Tillerson didn't last I mean last as
long than a lot of people thought he
would after supposedly calling Donald
Trump a moron is there any reporting
that you have that these two gentlemen
may be on their way out Jim mattis and
John Kelly based on the blind quotes of
them in the book yeah so so we've seen
not my own reporting but we've seen
reports certainly that the president has
been drawing up
you know a list of people who might
replace Jim mattis Jim mattis of course
has been one of the few people that's
always kind of commanded the president's
respect and in that way he's been kind
of immune from the president's attacks
but given these quotes in the book and
given the fact that the president is
just so he's so sensitive to people
criticizing him it does not seem like
it's likely that these people will last
that much longer in their positions or
that they even want to frankly I think
that one of the biggest takeaways from
this book which I read last week covered
a cover it's it's fantastic it's a it's
a really interesting read is that people
are really out to save themselves and
when this is all over the leaks that we
see coming out of this White House are
not an accident it's it's you know you
can criticize the anonymous op-ed writer
for not having the guts to really resign
in protest and not put his name on this
op-ed but I think what we're seeing is
that there is an attempt for these leaks
to change the president's actions that's
why you know this has been one of the
leakiest White House's in history and a
lot of those leaks actually have been
coming out of the Pentagon going out
going back to Jim mattis I mean we saw
that the Defense Department basically
they leaked the fact that this massive
military parade in Washington was going
to cost almost you know millions and
millions of dollars more than the
president had initially estimated and
the military parade was ultimately
scrapped so there is I think that there
is a concerted strategy here whether
it's taking things off the President's
desk or leaking them to the media for
the administration to essentially save
the president save the country from the
president and the president from himself
I think that also what you see in the
book is this sense that the president
really cannot obviously tell the truth
with their segments in there about this
mock interview with the Moller
investigate with John Dowd in the Muller
investigation where we cannot see the
president's cannot seem to remember any
of the biggest moments of his
administration for example he's asked
about Mike Flynn and the circumstances
surrounding his firing and he says I
don't recall I can't remember and then
he goes into this big rant about Jim
Comey so going back to your question
about whether or not we're gonna see
some of these people fired it's
very very possible again Jim mattis is
reportedly on the outs but I do think
that there is there is a strategy here
among the people who are in in the
administration to provide a check that
Congress just is not providing yeah
indeed I'm EJ that was another issue for
Donald Trump coming out of this book I
mean there's so much in here this is
former Loras think he'd be fitted for an
orange jumpsuit if he testified we'd go
all day on that but also the political
risk of this book making him out to be a
phony to some of his own supporters so
it's not clear there's anything that
really he could do to turn them against
turn them off but there was this issue
during the campaign of Hillary Clinton
calling Trump supporters are saying that
some of them are deplorable that some of
the people supporting him are deplorable
according to Bob Lippert on page 216
Trump told Rob Porter the former staff
secretary about Jeff Sessions the
attorneys on the United States and this
isn't gonna be offensive is a term that
we don't use anymore but he and so I
apologize for the offensive word he said
of him this guy is mentally retarded
he's a dumb southerner the idea that he
talks that way you also have the
reporting in the New York Times this
week that he previously made fun of
Marla maples his second wife's family
for being southern makes fun of the
accents and that kind of thing could
that wind up rebounding on him it
certainly can't help and I think you're
gonna hear a lot of Southern Democrats
coming out in deep southern accents
saying what does this guy really think
of you and so I do think that has you
know it's not a decisive effect but I
think it chips away again at Trump's
claims that he is for working people
that he is for average people that he
loves his base while he loves his base
when they vote for him but he doesn't
have any real respect for him I think
that what you're seeing in this
accumulation of sources in this book and
in good reporting by Natasha and others
is a lot of people in the administration
are a perhaps trying to prevent further
damage but I think there are a lot of
people here went in who are now trying
to cover their reputations for the
future who are saying well you know yeah
he was a disaster we went in but we
we're trying to protect the country and
I think that's what happens when an
operation like this although there's
never been an operation quite like this
in the white house begins unraveling is
people move very quickly to protect
themselves
it's as if everyone is behaving like
Donald Trump who only thinks of himself
and that's what you're seeing here the
advantage of that is that we the public
thanks to journalism again a lot of
information that's the good side of it
yeah very quickly under we're out of
time Timothy Ryan but I need you know to
ask you sort of the same question I
asked Tony Schwartz you just based on
your knowledge of Donald Trump and his
sort of mental makeup where do we go
from here he's on this witch-hunt to try
to find this op-ed writer septum
Woodward more more stuffs gonna come out
this week Omarosa dropping at 8:00
tomorrow he doesn't care about the
long-term damage he inflicts on the
people around him or the country he is
not going away one of his core strengths
historically is that he is a survivor
he's able to ride through the
consequences of his own bad behavior and
I think the other thing that's going on
here that people really have to pay
attention to is when he gets cornered he
doesn't go away he lashes out and I
think what he's going to do here is
respond more aggressively through the
machinery of government and through the
media to wage war on his critics yeah
well it's not an easy way to get a Jeff
Sessions to comply with your with your
which hundreds are calling him a dumb
southerner I'm not sure that that's
smartly Timothy O'Bryan congressman ted
Lieu thank you both very much EJ and
Natasha will be back with us later
coming up in our next hour this week in
sports Colin Kaepernick and Serena
Williams yes we are gonna talk about it
but first the next edition of our
midterm series tend to watch
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
