perhaps no politician in Washington
understands the devil's bargain that
congressional Republicans have made with
Donald Trump better than Texas senator
Ted Cruz who's going to hold a major
campaign rally with the president next
month
despite this Harvey Oswald
this man is a pathological liar he
doesn't know the difference between
truth and lies he lies practically every
word that comes out of his mouth he's a
nasty guy nobody likes him nobody in
Congress likes him nobody likes him
anywhere once they get to know him
the man is utterly amoral if morality
does not exist for him you know Ted Cruz
he comes in Bible high Bible high puts
the Bible down then lies to you he told
you I've been his unbelievable I mean
we're liable to wake up one morning and
Donald if he were president would have
nuked Denmark and I watched Ted Cruz
this morning oh I can't listen so
dramatic
can't watch Donald you're a sniveling
coward and leave Heidi the hell alone
but Cruz appears to need president
Trump's help the Texas senator is
currently facing an unexpectedly strong
midterm challenge from Democratic
congressman and Senate and a 1000 Roarke
O'Rourke is polling within four
percentage points of Cruz according to
the latest NBC News poll he's also
pulled an impressive fundraising haul
running neck-and-neck with Cruz in terms
of campaign donations and a video of
O'Rourke defending NFL players decisions
to take a knee during the national
anthem recently went viral online being
viewed over 50 million times
NBC's Calipari went down to Texas to
follow the O'Rourke campaign and he
joins me now Cal yes so we wanted to
give you a slice of this race and the
place that it's taking place and of
course and we've done so with
conservative talk radio as both your
guide and your soundtrack
he's hip ted cruz's and HIPAA cool his
new trick is to go to those places hold
a rally get people to show up and say
the things that they'd like to hear I am
concerned about the polls I don't
necessarily know where they're pulling
people at there are people coming out in
El Paso there are people coming out in
Fort Davis I don't see one I see beta
I'm concerned if Ted Cruz really wants
to win this race you go to some of the
reddest places in Texas
places like Abilene so reliably red you
can see it glowing from outer space
there is really something very special
happening in Texas right now people and
nobody I've ever even talked to I've
never met one person who stood cold so I
mean who are they polling mail is
illegal immigrants to everyone in this
community who gave me a chance to
succeed I want to tell you I'm gonna
make the absolute most of it right now
Francis or better known as beta feels
it's very American to take a knee I can
think of nothing more American than it's
a peaceful
do you have any response to Ted Cruz
attacking you on what you said about the
NFL robert francis bata hurting himself
with the ramblings on and on and on
about there's nothing more American than
taking a need otherwise known as Roberts
O'Rourke do you really think you're
gonna win with your Hispanic wibaynoo
not Ted Cruz you know what Ted Cruz has
been out there for a long time one of
the things that we're gonna have to talk
about here is some of the Democratic
Party say if we're competitive in Texas
it's as good as a win I'm here to tell
you it's not as good as a win just watch
the hearings that we've seen this week
right and and remember the polls don't
indicate the fact that turnout in
midterm elections for Republicans is
much stronger than Democrats so
statistically unless something changes
this time around
better luck would have to be running
ahead of Ted Cruz as opposed to a little
bit behind definitely at this point and
especially when you're pulling likely
voters what's gonna win this election
for a congressman of work is unlikely
voters specifically Latinos who live
along that border
all right kal standby if better O'Rourke
can pull out a win in 2018 that would be
something but if he can what are the
chances that Texas turns blue in 2020
we'll be right back with more from Cal
and Jeremy Burt
the question is how do you feel about
NFL players who take a knee during the
national anthem the freedoms that we
have were purchased not just by those in
uniform and they definitely were but
also by those who took their lives into
their hands riding those Greyhound buses
the Freedom Riders in the deep south in
the 1960 and I can think of nothing more
American than to peacefully stand up or
taking the
Texas Democratic congressman and Senator
better o'rourke in a campaign moment
that went viral Cal Perry and Jeremy
Bird are back with us Jeremy found in
battleground Texas an organization
devoted to making Texas politics
competitive for Democrats and that's the
point here Jeremy it's not that better
o'rourke might win a Senate seat which
he might but - a lot of Democrats in
Texas just being able to compete for a
Senate seat across Texas as many
counties and and start to build an
infrastructure is a big achievement
there hasn't been a Texas senator
democratic senator since the 80s and
there has been a statewide election Nova
Democrat since the 90s yeah and it's a
state that it is a purple state if not
trending blue if you took the population
and not the electorate and so what we
have to see in 2018 moving into 2020 is
the electorate needs to look like the
population and look what we saw this
this primary season is the Democratic
primary and Texas doubled the turnout
from 2014 to 2018 from about 560
thousand to over a million so we're
seeing that happen and you saw you know
2016 we were the the election was closer
in Texas and it was in Iowa so you're
seeing that happen as it as the
electorate starts to look more like the
population Texas will become a
battleground state and eventually will
be a blue state so a reason some of its
going purple Cal is because there are
people moving into Texas they're high
tech jobs places like Austin a lot of
other parts of Texas are like Northern
Virginia the oil brings plan people in
but there are a lot of Hispanic voters
Ted Cruz is Hispanic right better work
is not he's got a Hispanic first name
because he took that on as a nickname
when he was a kid and they're running
kind of in opposite direction right on
that front but how are how you better
works going out there registering voters
yeah and he's visiting every county in
Texas something that Ted Cruz has not
done he provides an interesting
alternative he's a young face he's very
charismatic on camera and he does
represent the folks who live along that
border one of the questions that I have
though is what is the chilling effect
that the administration's immigration
policies have created along that border
there are people there and we talk to
some of them when we were down there who
are not comfortable putting their names
on a clipboard at a rap
they just do not trust the government
right now because of everything that's
happened that has to be one of the
things that he's going up against Jeremy
Berg what a success look like for better
or work does he have to win or does it
does close feel like a success well look
he's running to win and I think we're
seeing a candidate unlike any I he is a
special candidate I mean you see his
energy the dynamism you know the way
that he's running his campaign he's been
to all 254 counties in Texas he said 259
town halls he's out raising Ted Cruz
right now you showed this dad earlier
where you know they're about even
overall but in the last quarter he
doubled the money that Ted Cruz raising
and he's not getting it from PACs he's
no PACs no special interest and the
average donation is about $40 so he is
running a campaign like we haven't seen
in Texas in a really long time and he's
running to win he's not running you know
to get close he's trying to win I think
though the fact that he is as close as
he is the kind of campaign that he's
running and what he's building that will
be there for the future that's what
excites me there's 1.2 million more
voters in Texas right now today than
there was in 2014 the state is growing
and those people are folks that if we
can get out to vote it will become a
blue state all right guys thanks very
much Jeremy Byrd Calipari Kalp thanks
for that piece thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
