these are extraordinary times and
they're dangerous times but here's the
good news in two months we had the
chance not the certainty but the chance
to restore some semblance of sanity to
our politics what's going to fix our
democracy is you joining us now is
Jeremy Byrd former National Field
Director for President Obama's 2012
campaign and partner at 270 strategies
jonathan alter is also here he's the
columnist for The Daily Beast and an
MSNBC political analyst Jonathan wrote
the center holds Obama and his enemies
and Ben Rhodes is back with us thanks to
all three of you for being with us
Jonathan let me start with you what
what's the effect of the President's
speech today and others that he'll be
making this is his sort of opening salvo
for the midterm elections but who will
come out and vote perhaps as a result of
hearing President Obama well one of the
most interesting things he said in a
fascinating speech that I recommend
people watching its entirety was he uses
a statistic from the 2014 midterms that
only one in five young voters like
turned out so if he can't bring that up
and others bring that number up
Democrats are not going to win the House
of Representatives people think this is
in the bag there's certain complacent
Democrats who really think this is in
hand it's not the demographics of these
midterm elections are stacked against
Democrats they have to change that
calculus he's going to be in Orange
County
tomorrow making a speech I hope he's out
there all fall
I hope Michelle Obama who's been
reluctant to campaign gets out there on
the trail because it's on as he said
this is the most important election of
our lifetime Jeremy the President Obama
also spoke about democratic ideas so you
know we're trying to make sense of who
he's talking to
he was speaking about democratic ideas
talking on the things that Democrats are
and should be running on let's listen to
that Democrats aren't just running on
good old ideas like a higher minimum
wage they're running on good new ideas
like Medicare for all giving workers
seats on corporate boards reversing the
most egregious corporate tax cuts to
make sure college students graduate
debt-free and Democrats talk about
reforming our immigration system so yes
it is orderly and it is fair and it is
legal but it continues to welcome
strivers and dreamers from all around
the world Jeremy what do you think well
I think he I think his message was right
on and I think he was you know he was
talking about what we need to see over
the next 60 days and I think we've seen
from a lot of candidates which we have
to run on something we have to run a
vision of progress we have to run a
vision of unity and bringing the country
together and you know he talked a lot
about the candidates out there up and
down the ticket not just syn it not just
house but all the way up and down a
ticket they're more diverse we've got a
ton of women running just dynamic
interesting candidates and I think what
he was talking about is how important it
needs to run for something to run on
something and how important it is for
those folks to get out and vote for
those candidates then one of the things
that frustrates me is on a daily basis
the president the current president
president Trump speaks a lot about
things that he's done to the economy and
I always have to you know show charts
that show go back to 2008 and 2009 and
show the trajectory the president
decided to get in or President Obama
decided to get on the action today
talking about Donald Trump's claims
about the amazing economy let's listen
when you hear how great the economy is
doing right now let's just remember when
this recovery started I'm glad it's
continued but when you hear about this
economic miracle that's been going on
when the job numbers come out monthly
job numbers and suddenly Republicans are
saying it's America I had to kind of
remind them actually those job numbers
are the same as they were in 2015 in
he's talking about the monthly job
creation numbers but
wonders whether truth matters anymore
Barack Obama came out there and spoke
the truth about a lot of things Donald
Trump doesn't and yet somewhere between
twenty and forty percent of people tend
to believe him on an ongoing basis well
the amazing thing and looking at that is
when Brock Obama took office the economy
was entering potentially a Great
Depression and not only did he lift it
out of that potential Great Depression
he set in course the recovery that
continued through the last several years
of the Obama administration into the
Trump administration I think what we see
though is because of an ecosystem that
the right wing has built politics and
media the opinion of how the economy was
doing among their voters shifted
dramatically so people who before the
2016 election thought Republicans who
thought the economy was terrible
suddenly thought it was great when
Donald Trump was president when in fact
it was a steady state of an Obama
recovery that continued under Trump I
think the most important thing here
though that Jonathan Jeremy both touched
upon is the Obama coalition turned out
for Barack Obama in 2008 and in 2012
they did not turn out in the midterm
elections in 2010 and 2014 or frankly in
2016 in the presidential election now
there's a chance for that coalition of
young people african-americans Latinos
others to come out and vote because we
can see with their own eyes before us
every day that the Republican Party is
enabling this radical behavior this this
hostility to workers this hostility to
democratic norms that we see from Donald
Trump every every day if that Obama
coalition can turnout in midterm
elections we will have finally some
accountability in a check on this
out-of-control presidency Jonathan for
people who like Barack Obama they can't
get enough of this stuff
is there some chance though that Barack
Obama being becomes the foil that Donald
Trump loves that Barack Obama becomes
the the thing that Donald Trump
continues to talk about well I think
there's some worry about that in the
Obama camp but remember Obama is 25
points more popular than Donald Trump
that's a pretty good margin he can go
head to head with him and Trump can
insult him and say that he fell asleep
in his speech whatever he wants to say
most Americans are siding with
most Americans including large numbers
of Republicans on on Twitter today were
nostalgic for President Obama because as
FDR said the presidency is pre-eminently
a place of moral leadership now the ex
presidency is that place for more
leadership and the contrast between a
president of impeccable character and
proven good judgment a former president
of impeccable character and proven good
judgment and a current president who is
of the lowest character of anybody's
ever held the office is very striking
and something that Democrats can
capitalize on then how long's the Obama
been waiting to make this speech a long
time I see him all the time still and
look you know he part of it was
deference to the norm of a former
president criticizing successor partment
was he wanted to let other Democrats
express their voices and step forward
and fill some of the leadership void but
the fact is it's all hands on deck now
between now and the midterm election
this election is fundamentally important
to see if we can check this president
frankly it will help determine the
outcome of the presidential election in
2020 so you're going to see President
Obama out there making this very same
case on the stump for candidates across
the country mainly to try to turn out
his supporters and we he welcomes that
contrast frankly with what not only
Donald Trump but the Republican Party
has done because I think people can
assess two brands of leadership here and
frankly I think people in this country
are going to want to see a future
politics that looks more like how Barack
Obama practiced politics as president
than how Donald Trump is you have
acquitted yourself formatively Ben I
wonder whether you can make it back to
that surprise party that they threw from
you
it's 10:38 if it's worth its salt
probably still going on Ben Rhodes is
the author of the world as it is a
memoir of the Obama White House Jonathan
alter is a columnist for The Daily Beast
and the author of the center holds Obama
and his enemies and Jeremy Byrd is a
former National Field Director for
President Obama's 2012 campaign thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
