see news report there's no evidence to
support Trump's claim about the caravan
noting that internal US government
documents on the caravan make no mention
of Middle Easterners criminals or a
terror threat over the weekend Trump
also rolled out another warning without
any evidence again without evidence
writing on Twitter all levels of
government and law enforcement are
watching carefully for voter fraud
including during early voting sheet at
your own peril violators will be subject
to maximum penalties both civil and
criminal when spite of all that in the
latest NBC Wall Street Journal poll it
found Trump's job approval up to 47
percent among registered voters 47
percent its highest approval rating ever
in the survey for more I'm joined by
Illinois Democratic congresswoman Cheri
Bustos a rising star in the Democratic
Party also you me shall send her what
else correspondent to the PBS Newshour
and Charlie Sykes contributing editor at
the Weekly Standard I want all three of
you starting with congresswoman Bustos
that tell us how the Democrats react to
what looks to be a critic air a loud
scream of fear and fright from Donald
Trump that they're coming they're coming
through the gates and the Democrats are
welcomed the welcoming them in as
illegal immigrants by the thousands what
the Democratic leadership should they be
saying to the American voter at this
moment congresswoman well first of all
Chris Donald Trump is the master
distractor and here we are 15 days out
from this election we've got Democrats
all over the country who are some of the
sharpest candidates I have ever seen in
my political lifetime they're running
scared and what do they do when they're
running scared they they resort to fear
tactics and that's what's happening what
we need to stay focused on is the is the
legislation that we will do once we win
back the majority that's number one
bring down the cost of health care and
prescription drug prices we will rebuild
this country with a real trillion dollar
infrastructure package not a fake one
like the president introduced in number
three we're going to make Washington
functional again we're gonna we're going
to address the the dysfunction in
Washington the self-dealing the money in
politics and we and we will do that as
soon as we win back the majority we just
have to make sure that we are we
continue to do our best to earn
the trust of the American public again
what can you do if you can't win back
the Senate well we you know I'm seeing
focused on the house because that's
where I serve I think the Senate it's
it's tough but we've got some tremendous
candidates
Kyrsten Sinema in Arizona Jackie Rosen
in Nevada
I love Beto O'Rourke and in Texas it's a
tough one but look at the kind of
campaign he's running right now my role
at the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee is as Hartley an engagement
chair so I am working with candidates
running in 12 mostly Midwestern states
that we've also included West Virginian
Pennsylvania in there and and Chris
these candidates are going to change the
way Congress does business they're not
going to have anybody tell them what the
what to do they're gonna stay focused on
that 700 ish thousand people that
they'll represent and we're gonna get
the nation's work done again you meet
your thoughts about what the congressman
just said the Battle of her offering
what the Democrats will do if they
regain the Congress they have to get the
presidency back to ultimately to get a
bill signed against the fear of the
president which he's talking about the
mob at the gate well I think it's what
he's gonna do for the next two weeks we
know it now I was just out in West
Virginia and it's the nature of the
Democrats to say we need to talk to
people and welcome people who are for
fleeing violence who are freeing poverty
so in so you know the problem is of
course at this Caravan it's the worst
possible time for Democrats for this to
be happening politically because they're
gonna show up on the gates of the United
States right when people are voting so
they're they're gonna be on people's
minds and the president of course is has
had this hardline immigrant is tough and
you discern I'm gonna go back to the
congresswoman what is the Democratic
response to these people they are in
need they are afraid they're coming here
what's the Democratic spur put if you
ran the entire US government right now
the Democratic Party what would they do
when these people reach our gate our
border what would they do what should we
do
well there's they're seeking they're
seeking refuge so what should I jump is
once again well you you you give them a
path to make sure that they can they can
have safety you know these are people
that are seeking rapes and murders and
gang violence and and the president's
claim that this is the the
gangs themselves in the middle of all of
this and there's so-called Middle
Easterners in the middle of all this as
you said in your opener Chris that's
been refuted it is not true this we have
a president who likes to pedal in
mistruths
and is is peddling fear once again if we
I mean we can't just not have an answer
to that but the answer is that we've
been a country for for 250 almost 50
years where if people are seeking refuge
escaping violence and murders and rapes
that we are a country that has helped
people like that do we need to have
strong borders absolutely I mean do we
need to keep out anybody who who is a
criminal absolutely but we also ought to
be a country that lives in a way that
we're compassionate that we help people
and we'll keep out the violent criminals
that's not what we want to walk them
into this country but that's very moral
and I'm supporting that in all moral
terms Charlie want to bring you in here
how's that going to sell what you just
heard well I think they need to get a
better message the moral case this is
exact this is exactly the campaign that
Donald Trump wants to run if he is the
executive producer of the reality TV
show of the midterm elections this
Caravan is is something that he would
have come up with he would have scripted
it in this particular way and I think
with what the Democrats have got to do
is they have to make it clear number one
what their response is that we in fact
do have borders that we can be humane
that we don't need to demagogue this
issue but that our border enforcement
will be able to handle this that this is
not a threat you know these women and
children are not a national emergency
but they also have to make it clear that
no they are not as Donald Trump wants
people to believe for open borders well
that's the problem you meet are they
making that clear
I hear the Democrats with a clarion
statement they're not for open borders
do you hear that I just came back from
California in West Virginia and the
Democratic candidates that I'm following
say that but what voters here are that
they want an open border because what
representative busto says and she's not
wrong and the idea that America should
welcome people that there should be
people say if you're fleeing violence
and rape that you should be welcomed to
the installation country but there are a
lot of people who look at these people
who say they're gonna take over our
country this is why we don't want
congresswoman let me play partisan
Democrat for a minute and give you an
example what I and the old school guys
like me would do we would say we had a
comprehensive bill that was about border
protection it was about illegal hiring
you can't hire somebody legally comes
into the country can't do it they're not
document in fact that all went over the
house and that the Republicans speaker
at the time said we're not even going to
vote on it boehner not even gonna vote
it but the Democrats had a bill when it
supported 12 Republican senators you
have a comprehensive border program you
had one they won't pass one number two
Mitch McConnell came out this last week
and said I'm going after Social Security
Medicare and Medicaid it's not just a
pre-existing issue he's going over the
whole shebang if the tech capacity the
biggest tax cut for the rich in history
and he's gonna pay for that by cutting
into the middle class programs that
they've paid for their whole lives
that's how the scream I would do out
there I think the Democrats are too calm
about this they don't know how to yell
back at Trump with scarier stuff than he
throw it because it's truly scary when
Mitch McConnell is calm little way says
we got to go after Medicare Medicaid and
Medicare and we're gonna do it to save
money because we blew all the money on
the tax cut and it doesn't even come up
with the Democrats I don't understand
why you guys don't know how to exploit
an obvious opportunity when some fool on
the other side gives it to you Trump
this how to exploit boy does he I
shouldn't be yelling but I'm old school
I just know how to do it I'm sorry I'm
sorry no that's all right
hey Chris if you came to to this part of
the country and I'm sitting in Peoria
Illinois right now if you came to this
part of the country you would hear the
candidates that are running for house
all over the Midwest in Illinois in Iowa
and Minnesota Michigan Ohio all over the
place you would hear them saying exactly
what you just said we know what Mitch
McConnell said and we also know that
that was the Republican playbook past
this tax scam increased the the debt by
two trillion dollars and then oh my gosh
let's scream less murder now we're gonna
have more so-called entitlement we care
about deficit we are so sad they care
about deficits god I'm sorry tell us the
message I don't want to get your way
what's the best Democratic argument
vote democrat this two weeks to tomorrow
it's exactly what you just said we are
yelling and screaming in a polite
Midwestern way about what Mitch mike
mitch mcconnell said he wants to now
address this two trillion dollar debt on
the backs of seniors who are recipients
of Social Security our parents and our
grandparents who are on Medicare and
that's that's his answer to this two
trillion dollar debt now we're talking
about in every single one of these races
that we're running all throughout the
country and so maybe it's not coming
from Washington DC constantly but it is
it is here in Peoria Illinois it's in
Dubuque Iowa it's in Kentucky it's in
southern Illinois it's all over the
place we are talking about it loudly and
clearly you meet here's my feeling about
it and I've expressed it American people
are not greedy they want to protect
their families they don't want the rich
peels money they don't want anybody
billionaires money they want what they
need that's what they want they want
Social Security Medicare Medicaid when
they get a long term they get
Alzheimer's in the family and they want
to have a job for the kids somewhere
nearby that they can visit once a while
that's really it go ahead that's really
what people want and I have to get
Americans I've learned no change in that
except they want to be treated as 100%
Americans without any crap about it well
it's that double jeopardy it's that
double jeopardy skin in SNL where the
black person and the Trump supporter
both say well we really want as a job I
interviewed an EMT worker someone who is
in an ambulance every day who can't
afford health care in West Virginia he's
a Republican who's voting for the
Democratic candidate and he said the
reason why I'm doing that is because I
need to help my family I need to figure
out how to do this and I need someone
who who supports the public option I
think that Democrats if they want to win
that's that's the message that they have
to have but I will say Republicans
president Trump is so so popular right
now and no one can out Trump Trump he's
so good at misinformation he's so good
at getting his base fired up and he's
continuing to do that well he's very
good at the mob at the gate Charlie the
mob at the gate is as you just said was
his Technicolor production if he had put
us if we find out for 10 years ago he
organized everything down in Honduras
I'd say that makes sense your thoughts
it almost doesn't make too much sense
and luckily he is running a campaign of
fear and this is not the first time that
he has done that he wants to make people
worried about the country look III think
the trumpian rhetoric is fascinating you
know we are strong but we're also
victims garry kasparov makes this point
we're in charge of everything but
everything that goes wrong is somebody
else's fault you know I was elected to
keep you you you safe but I want you to
be afraid and unfortunately this is a
campaign that is not appealing to our
better angels or to our hope and he
frankly you know we're interesting ly
enough given how strong the economy is
he doesn't really want to talk about the
economy he wants to make it about these
people who are coming and they're
attacking they're invading your country
look I do think the Democrats need to
say look we aren't we care very deeply
about what's happening at the border but
then they need to immediately remind
people of what Trump's policy on the
border is the separation of children
from their parents why are they not
talking about that there are ways of
securing the border without being cruel
and inhuman and that's a point I think
that they could make hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
