good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes 60 days until the midterm
elections and danger threatens Donald
Trump's presidency from both within and
without including tonight a report that
his private business empire the thing
that defines him above all else is in
the crosshairs of a federal probe inside
the White House the president and his
closest aides are reportedly turning the
West Wing upside down to try and
identify that senior official who wrote
the anonymous op-ed in The New York
Times
claiming to be part of an internal
resistance within the Trump
administration protecting the country
from an unfit president asked by a
reporter if he thinks the Attorney
General should investigate who wrote it
the president responded that he does
claiming the op-ed is a matter of
national security the reporter did not
ask which law the president thinks was
broken and after issuing denials
yesterday administration officials are
now going the extra mile to proclaim
their innocence UN Ambassador nikki
Haley publishing a signed op-ed in the
Washington Post an economic adviser
Kevin Hassett throwing down the gauntlet
with the New York Times if you're
listening if you if someone told you I
wrote the piece that you're allowed to
announce that publicly that I forgive
you of any the confidentiality agreement
you might have thought you had with the
purported Kevin Hassett because it's
totally not me now there's an idea maybe
the president should challenge every
single one of the officials who issued
statements yesterday to follow suit but
all those underlings deriding him behind
his back as an unstable malignant fool
are the least of the president's worries
they are not the ones investigating him
for obstruction of justice and
conspiracy with a foreign power to win
the White House as negotiations over a
presidential interview with robert
muller dragged on and on the president
now sounds a lot less eager to face the
special counsel than he used to
there is no
Niner justified
is everybody that
they get a bunch of God into a lie or
see Papadopoulos today
No
I'm sitting in one picture
the only thing I know
what they got a much
I guess a couple of
a couple of Lies what's the big deal
speaking of George papadopolis a former
Trump campaign aide did appear in court
today to be sentenced for indeed lying
to investigators about his contacts with
Russia linked individuals during the
campaign and his lawyer made a pretty
extraordinary argument according to
reporters in the courtroom that the
President of the United States hindered
the investigation far more than the
lawyers client by launching a fake news
campaign and calling the probe a
witch-hunt the judge may have found that
convincing Papadopoulos was sentenced to
just two weeks behind bars he's the
first of the felons close to the
president to be sentenced to prison
though Paul Manafort has been locked up
since breaking the terms of his bail
accused of attempted wint
witness tampering meanwhile the grand
jury in the motor probe was meeting in
that very same courthouse today where
far-right conspiracy theorist jerome
corsi was subpoenaed to appear an ally
of longtime trunk confidant Roger stone
course he has told Infowars run by Alex
Jones that he would like to fight the
special counsel I want to say to Muller
let's go out of the backyard of the
Justice Department you gotta have some
let's Duke it out I mean you know what
you want to behave like a thug you gonna
behave like that well this is what you
deserve okay
today after his lawyer said he planned
to cooperate a motor subpoena of course
he was a no-show another associate of
Roger stones did appear before the grand
jury
the man has called his back channel to
WikiLeaks and Julian Assange radio
personality Randy credit Co accompanied
by his emotional support dog Bianca
very little I tried no don't the major
the majority the question he had with
Rogers don't specific questions we're
not going to get into I got blessed
lawyers now credit go is the latest in a
long line of witnesses connected to
Roger stone to testify for the grand
jury or to be interviewed by Mahler's
team and it's another sign that the
special counsel may be closing in on the
president's longtime ally and advisor
and if that were not enough to fan the
flames of the president's paranoia
tonight there's this a single source
report that federal prosecutors in New
York did not end their investigation
with Michael Cohen's guilty plea but
rather are now examining whether
executives at the Trump Organization
violated campaign finance laws to help
break down the astonishing number of
legal threats circling the president I'm
joined by nancy gertner a retired
federal judge in the district court of
massachusetts and harry Lippmann former
US attorney and former Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Nancy Lee we start with
you as a former federal judge a lot of
people trying to make sense of this
sentence today 14 days for what George
Papa does pled to what do you think of
it well the the guidelines the plea
guidelines were between probation and
six months which is about as low a
sentence as one could get and still be a
felony under the federal guidelines so I
don't think it means anything except
that the judge saw a 29 year-old or a
younger man who seemed to be showing
remorse and the government really wasn't
pressing government didn't say anything
with respect to probation and six months
so I think that they just saw it that
the judge would have just seen this as
you know the kid is showing remorse
sometime was necessary but I don't think
it has any significance beyond that it
was really a relatively minor plea
agreement so Harry let's talk about the
the the credit Co Percy and Roger stone
part of this it has seemed clear for a
while that Muller is zeroing in on stone
stone himself has said he expects to be
indicted critical today saying the
majority of the questions at that grand
jury Roger stone my question you having
worked in the Justice Department do you
think today which is 60 days to the
midterm do you think this idea that the
Justice Department can't bring anything
within that 60-day window applies to
something they would do against Roger
stone
no the short answer is no I mean you
know it's a it's a there's no as we've
learned from Giuliani's false assertions
before there's no strict policy and even
the guidelines such as exists has to do
with the direct effect on an election I
think the argument is stronger than in
dying Stone doesn't have a direct effect
on any particular election though it's
not good news for for Trump now we do
know that when when Muller proffered his
list of questions to Trump it included
things specifically about stone and
stone has bragged about his relationship
and prior knowledge with both WikiLeaks
and Julian Assange so if this indictment
if it comes could actually bring the
what has been activity across the
Atlantic that grew computer hacking
indictment in particular onto our shores
and very close to Trump yeah I mean that
from the Trump perspective I mean the
indictments that have been on the
Russian side the conspiracy to sort of
tilt the election sabotage the election
that the Muller team has offered of
Russians if stone were indicted in
connection with that again if that were
the indictment that would be an enormous
deal right Nancy I mean that would be
right link
right right that would be that I mean
the stone and to sent to a much much
much lesser degree Papadopoulos are the
link between the campaign and WikiLeaks
and the Russians so stone would that
would be that would be significant but
it would not be new to some degree you
know stones bragging about his
relationship to a son was I think was
sort of central to this the only
difference would be now being dieded for
it let me say one other thing about the
questions to the president I wonder if
the reason why Muller is going to
questions to the president rather than a
grand jury subpoena is that he simply
does not want to be litigating the
subpoena issue all the way to the
Supreme Court
given the vagaries of the Supreme Court
right now in other words getting
questions at least getting something as
opposed to doing what any other
prosecutor would have done which is a
grand jury subpoena yeah they have
played out the string on this Giuliani
in the president's legal team so far to
appear successfully right I mean they
haven't they haven't given him anything
yet we will
what the next chapter brings but there's
also there's also this news today Harry
and again there's a lot when you're
sitting and looking in the president's
legals to another Friday it's really
remarkable right so you got credit go
down there of course he doesn't show up
Papadopoulos pleads man we got this -
Matt affort waying plea deal to avoid
new criminal trial source says also this
is a Bloomberg scoop this is also I
should note single source I believe the
idea that in between trials one and two
metaphor may be talking to Muller about
possibly cooperating what do you make of
that you know it came up before right
there was a flirtation with it about a
week or ten days ago what I mostly most
likely make of it he has stayed quiet so
long is that he is broke and knows he's
going to be convicted in DC in other
words I think the cooperation he is
looking to make is just to surrender let
him let him take them and but not this
sort of full-on cooperation that would
vitiate any odds he has of a pardon so I
think it's just to lay down his hand and
and let the let the sentences come let
me ask you just to plead is that what
you're saying yeah that would be my he's
just lucky he's lost a bit of trial
which is enormous
Nancy because we have we have jerome
corsi today who is a figure who is
circled or in different orbits in
conservative world he was quite
mainstream when he authored the Swift
Boat book against John Kerry which is
part of george w bush's defeat of him
he's also a conspiracy theorist par
excellence says all sorts of nutty
things an associate Roger stone he just
doesn't show up to it a subpoena today
he's now the second associate of Roger
stone has done that Andrew Miller is
another one and a third Sam number
balked at showing up what does a judge
do when someone like Jerome Corsi just
says screw your subpoena government the
government comes to the judge who's
supervising the grand jury and asked for
it for a contempt finding in an arrest
warrant that's what that's what they
would do do you do that in other words
that that's that's not even that's not
even a close question and you think they
don't say never mind
yeah they will do that here I don't
think that there's any question about
whether they would do that so would you
think I wouldn't
wouldn't the government go for that you
know it's super cheeky but they'll you
know he's already been in touch with the
lawyer I I can I can foresee scenarios
where they you know say he'll be in
Tuesday where he's got where he thinks
he has bigger fish to fry
I've certainly seen the government do
exactly that
here a final final question here on this
this idea that the the might there was
this question right well Michael Cohen
please one of the things he pleads to is
a campaign finance violations he says
the president I'd say it's directed me
to it and in the the the information
provided with that plea there are two
executives named that are not named but
two executives the Trump work who knew
about it we understand one of them is
Alan weiselberger who has been granted
immunity according to reports by Muller
for his testimony in the Michael Cohen
case today the idea of the Southern
District of New York Harry is looking at
campaign finance violations by Trump
wording executives you would tend to
zero in on whoever executive number two
is and it's a small list of people most
of them related to the president yeah
and and Mahler knows and we can figure
it out but not just related to the
president the organization is related to
the president this really puts the the
screws to him in a serious way without
having to deal with the authority
questions of criminal liability if
between Mahler and SD NY and New York DA
and you and New York AG they're coming
at the financial empire possible civil
RICO charges etc that's serious pressure
even be even though it's not criminal
all right nancy gertner that persists
regardless of what happens to Muller
that's exactly right
in parallel right now which is part of
the significance I think of that report
today it did not with michael cohen and
you've got SD my still on the case got
to make you think long and hard as
you're sitting there during executive
time and the East Wing in C Gartner and
Harry Lippmann great to have you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
