Bob Miller scored another first the
first former Trump campaign aide to get
a jail sentence now this convicted
felons not as high level as Paul
Manafort
the sentence not nearly as long as many
people could face but it's another step
in the progress of this Muller probe now
what you see is much to the White
House's dismay neither the complaints
and Rudy Giuliani's interviews nor the
endless witch-hunt tweets are stopping
this forward
grinding progress of what Muller wants
and what he's getting so here's the news
a judge handing down a two-week jail
sentence to the former Trump campaign
adviser who set the Russia probe in
motion George papadopolis now that's a
very light sentence with the crime of
lying to the feds but it's also in its
lightness and its leniency a validation
of the larger molar strategy defy him
and face an endless legal sledgehammer
Paul hit Paul Manta Ford of course
looking at years in jail with up to two
trials remaining or the alternative
cooperate with Muller flip and tell and
get a sentence so light you might
reasonably forget about it someday note
the Papadopoulos his sentence is less
time than the only other person to have
been sentenced in this probe Dutch
lawyer Alex vanderzwaan he did a full
month now in this hearing which was late
today and that's why we have so much
different breaking news right now George
papadopolis told the judge he made a
terrible mistake and wants to redeem
himself he also publicly argued that he
lied to investigators partly because he
wanted to distance himself from what he
thought was probably an illegal action
or dangerous information within the
Trump world itself a Papadopoulos not
only flipped which of course is
formalized tonight he also took another
parting shot of his old boss Donald
Trump on this way into jail his lawyers
arguing Trump himself hindered this
investigation more than Papadopoulos
ever could
George was listening to his
preferred candidate and his President of
the United States opining that this was
a witch-hunt
but when George went in on January 27th
he was of the mindset this was not as
significant as we have now all learned
it to be that is legalese for a kind of
a version of the coffee boy defense
Trump also arguing Papadopoulos not
significant
the only thing I know I don't know but
they got it
I guess a couple of Lies is what this
Hank
where the FBI said he didn't live but
Motors people said he did lie
so I don't want to be set up
now here is that picture of that table
we'll put it up for you in that meeting
in March 2016 Papadopoulos lawyers also
will punch back about what happened in
that room that you're looking at they
say quote while some in the room rebuff
George's offer to meet with Putin Trump
nodded deferring to sessions who
appeared to like the idea
now Muller is now effectively done with
that defendant but today he was putting
another witness into that intimidating
grand jury room it was a busy day for
Muller Randy Creta Co the political
activist and comedian who has links to
Julian Assange and Roger stone was back
in there in the grand jury room
testifying so of course it makes you
wonder was Muller interested in
WikiLeaks today or Roger stone or both
well we learned the answer take a look
very little hide no don't
the major the majority the question he
had with Rogers don't specific questions
we're not going to get into you saw the
lawyer they're trying to get credit oh
not to answer but that is big news
tonight in omission everything else
Roger stone was the focus of the
questions today in that grand jury room
so let's take it together
Bob Muller is hunting right now Trump's
lawyers meanwhile sending their own
mixed signals about whether Donald Trump
will ever face Muller Rudy Giuliani
announced to much fanfare that Trump
wouldn't answer any questions about
obstruction of justice even in writing
that made headlines and then he added
later well nothing's totally off the
table that is the public message from
Trump's lawyer but remember the private
message according to Bob Woodward's
reporting just this week is that it's
all the opposite and the Trump himself
told one of his own lawyers he didn't
want to face Muller ever I'm joined now
by Maya Wiley former counsel the mayor
of New York City who's worked as a civil
prosecutor in the Southern District of
New York and on MSNBC legal analyst
question various illegal columnist of
New York Magazine and Bill Kristol
founder at at large of the Weekly
Standard Maya when you look at the rudy
argument there if everything's on the
table potentially that means muller
would face trump in a certain situation
bob woodward's reporting undercuts that
and would make it seem like this is all
posturing put
in the context of Bob Miller sending a
Trump aide to jail today
well if first of all let's just say a
broken clock is Right twice a day and
the broken clock of Donald Trump has
said he's afraid of a perjury trap
that's actually Rudy Giuliani talking
point which is interesting that the
president used that today I think what
we have heard from the president is that
he is concerned despite the fact that he
has repeatedly expressed his willingness
if I'm Donald Trump I'm gonna listen to
my lawyers and I'm not gonna talk to Bob
Muller the reality is it's going to call
into question whether or not Muller is
going to then take the step of a grand
jury subpoena I don't think you're gonna
see that anytime soon because of the
midterm elections obviously but if
you're Donald Trump you are thinking
about the fact that you have made
inconsistent statements publicly
publicly and repeatedly
and therefore going in and having a
conversation with Bob Muller very tough
to thread that needle in a way that
doesn't create a potential perjury
charge bill kristol what message do you
read in the legal strategy of Bob mother
giving Papadopoulos tonight effectively
just two weeks in jail I guess they
maybe asked for a little more the judge
decided on two weeks but yeah light said
well you should cooperate with with
Muller with the Special Counsel
investigation with the Justice
Department you shouldn't lie to the FBI
but if you do you'll be treated better
if it's a small lie in the context of
cooperation then a big lie was
interesting the Trump sided Flint didn't
you think that's very much on his mind
that speaking of people who are
cooperating Michael Flynn who knows a
lot more than Papadopoulos I'm going to
guess is continuing to cooperate I
believe with the special counsel and
hasn't his sentencing been put off two
or three times just to continue the
cooperation so the investigation goes on
it looks pretty safe for the next two
months I hate to even say that and or
drinks it from Trump's efforts to fire
Mahler to fire sessions to fire Rosen
Stein to do god knows what but you never
know of course with Trump I do think on
November 6 November 7th
especially the Democrats win the house
which I think is likely I mean the
degree to which things
start happening very quickly can't be
it's just gonna be kind of remarkable I
assume well or kind of knows that as a
political matter I wonder how much she's
aiming for that november/december window
to really start to bring things to a
close wrap it up and have a report
question I'm telling you the clock is
ticking I don't think to be a contrarian
a little bit I don't think Muller is
really concerned about the election
Trump is not on the ballot box neither
are his campaign aides he's gonna keep
going with this work all the hearings
that are lined up in the coming days and
weeks the coming trial of manna ford
metaphor now and talks to possibly work
out a plea deal he's gonna keep working
he's not concerned about political
considerations because none of the
people so far involved in this are up
for election so his work is gonna
continue unimpeded and the president is
going to continue raging against his
work only to his detriment and the
detriment of his allies
I want to reach a little more into the
Papadopoulos part amaya which is so new
and if you think back to this we don't
often know this much in real time but we
learned from New York Times reporting it
was Papadopoulos who uncorked the entire
investigation that began of course
before there was any notion that Trump
would be President and then of course
turned to a special counsel probe here
was his lawyer in court saying look he
was unsophisticated quote naive a fool
and George papadopolis mislead
investigators to save his professional
aspirations and preserve a misguided
loyalty to his master how does that fit
in again to the choices that other
former Trump aids are making here well I
think it fits in to if you try to
protect Donald Trump rather than telling
the truth you will only end up not
protecting yourself if you can't protect
someone if they have actually committed
a criminal act or taken steps that make
it makes it appear that they've
committed a criminal act and you're
actually going to do much more by coming
forward and being honest and I think
with George papadopolis and his
situation has made clear is tell the
truth and we know from McGann right that
McGann's approach has been to cooperate
to cooperate fully he obviously is doing
that in his own
you for a variety of reasons but that's
another indication to the Trump camp if
you are one of those people working for
Donald Trump that's a signal on how you
should behave
I want the panel to stay with me I
mentioned the breaking news and control
room tells me we actually have the
reporter who broke this story this is
from Bloomberg the Greg Farrell joining
me now on a breaking story that
according to a source that Bloomberg
News has spoken with for the first time
confirming the Trump executives face a
federal campaign finance probe from the
New York federal prosecutors handling
the Cohen case Greg this is your story
what did you find
hyeri basically after Cohen pleaded
guilty last month there was a question
as to whether the prosecutors at the
Southern District robbed Kazami and
company we're going to stand down and
and move on to other things or keep
going and they are there keep going
they're going to look into see whether
the conduct that Cohen pleaded guilty to
the campaign finance violations which
which involved payments approved by
several executives at the Trump
Organization if this guy if this pattern
of conduct was more widespread in other
words they seem to you know believe that
this didn't just happen on this occasion
with stormy Daniels but there might have
been other campaign finance violations
so that's what they're investigating
it's not clear they found anything yet
but just that they haven't what you're
saying is significant it's not
prejudging where the probe goes but it
says that Michael Cohen in the eyes of
the New York feds is the beginning not
the end of those now a campaign
violations that he himself pled guilty
to as you know from your reporting and
as many of our viewers have come to
understand the Trump Organization could
sound like a big large thing to many
people who watch The Apprentice but it
actually has a very small number of
senior executives which include Trump's
family members does your reporting shed
any light on who would be under scrutiny
well as you pointed out right it's not
like a huge roster it's not like General
Electric or IBM there aren't many people
and a lot of them are family members who
are there so you know if any of them if
it turns out we're involved in any kind
of approvals
or transactions that were labeled
business expenses but turned out to be
camera campaign finance violations you
know that could be a problem so clearly
the guy in the middle of this is the CFO
Ellen weiselberger and it's clear that
Weissenberg cooperated on the very
narrow way in the Cohen pleat just
around the stormy to annuals payments
and those issues now the question here
is whether or not he's going to
cooperate
you know widespread because he saw or
must have approved pretty much every
type of expenditure that went out or not
so that's going to be question one as to
what degree he's going to be helpful
because he literally knows like all the
finances and all the you know payments
that got made and approved etcetera when
you rule in or rule out some family
members no I think it's too early to
rule out because if they were if they
were involved and clearly several of the
more involved campaign right therefore
it's quite possible some of them you
know gave a green light like to pay this
way or that way we don't know that we
don't know you're not able to rule them
out and your reasonable inference based
on the reporting you've done is that the
people who overlap between the Trump
Organization and the Trump campaign the
most were the family members in michael
cohen michael cohen being the person who
pled guilty himself to the campaign
crime i want to read from your story and
press you a little bit not on the
identity of your source obviously as a
fellow journalist i'm not even asking
you that but i will note that your lead
says you after this conviction of
michael cohen you have a person familiar
with the matter telling you federal
prosecutors manhattan every
investigative miss does that mean this
entire story and your reporting rests on
a single source i'm not gonna go beyond
that so you know that gets a little too
close to you know that's what we're
saying but you know we don't just go out
with stuff unless we haven't get
extremely high degree of confidence so
i'll i'll we bad at that are you saying
that there is something beyond a single
person that gives you that confidence
not saying anything i just leave it at
that when you say not saying anything I
mean that's several words you're saying
words Greg
it's my job to press you I understand
what I think you're trying to convey
which is that you stand behind the story
it's a big story before I let you go
anything else that you would want to get
to that we didn't know except there's a
lot of news coming out tonight we have a
great story on mana Ford as well over
and above George papadopolis which we
were just talking about there's a few
other you know scoops you've got here
one on you know talks in metaphors cases
maybe a deal so anyway I'm sorry
reporting new information about a
potential plea by Paul Manafort I found
on Bloomberg now so we should check that
out as well my colleague your colleagues
what can you tell us about that
it's Friday night yeah I haven't haven't
even gotten it to her yet I've just
finished my story it's one of those
nights I think we'll stay on all of them
Greg Feero thanks for jumping on the
phone before I go my your reaction my
reaction is that this is both meaningful
not surprising it would be more
surprising to me if the Southern
District of New York did not follow up
on indications that there were ways in
which the Trump Organization worked as
we know from Michael Cohen that suggests
that there may be a lot of improprieties
here and how the financing worked I also
think that it suggests that this source
is not someone from within the Southern
District of New York but is someone who
might be within the Trump Organization
we should remember that Wessel Berg did
not cooperate that's the wrong word
legally what he did was he'd no longer
had the ability to assert the Fifth
Amendment right not to incriminate
himself because they said we won't come
after you for what you say to us on this
point so that he had to come and testify
right which is an important distinction
distinction we're over on time given all
the breaking news but Bill Kristol a
final thought from you on how this all
plays out if Donald Trump given the week
he's had is learning as he does
reportedly learn things through
television that there's this an
investigation into his organization
which includes of course his family as
officers as well as a single source
report from Bloomberg
again reigniting speculation that mr.
mana Ford himself could plea and it
looks like the investigation as many is
pulling on many threads and a lot of
them are proving fruitful or at least
are leading to further things which is
how successful investigations work it's
our war to get work to go back to the
one that everyone thinks of but it's how
generally good investigations work the
Cohen thread the Manafort thread the
Flint Papadopoulos thread if that's kind
of one thread you might say and I think
if I were Donald Trump I would be very
worried and unhappy and the and he's got
to face the question does he have the
nerve to fire people does he have the
nerve to pardon people hey I'm already
Melvin from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
