as Donald Trump malls the guardrails of
our democracy by urging his Attorney
General to hunt down the anonymous
author of the New York Times op-ed
attacking him former President Barack
Obama today debuted his midterm campaign
message to try to save America from
trumpism the 44th president launching
his most direct attack yet against the
forty-fifth calling Trump quote a threat
to democracy and accusing his Republican
enablers of practicing a quote politics
of fear and resentment
it should not be democratic or
republican it should not be a partisan
issue to say that we do not pressure the
Attorney General or the FBI to use the
criminal justice system as a cudgel to
punish our political opponents
or to explicitly call on the Attorney
General to protect members of our own
party from persecution of prosecution
because an election happens to be coming
up I'm not making that up
that's not hypothetical it shouldn't be
democratic or republican to say that we
don't threaten the freedom of the press
because they say things or publish
stories we don't like
I complained plenty about FoxNews but
you never heard me threaten to shut him
down
or call them enemies of the people
it shouldn't be democratic or republican
to say we don't target certain groups of
people based on what they look like or
how they pray we are Americans we're
supposed to stand up to bullies not
follow them
we're supposed to stand up to
discrimination and we're sure as heck
supposed to stand up clearly and
unequivocally to Nazi sympathizers
how hard can that be saying that Nazis
are bad God makes you miss everyone that
can't be for him Obama's return to the
campaign trail is sure to fan the flames
of Donald Trump's inferiority complex
Trump trying to brush off Obama's return
with an insult I'm sorry I watched it
but I fell asleep I found he's very good
very good for sleeping actually it's
more likely that Obama's presence on the
campaign trail will wake up his
coalition of democratic and independent
voters but there's ample time to test
that theory joining us to discuss the
latest high-level rebuke of the conduct
of the current president some of our
favorite reporters and Friends Jeremy
bash former chief of staff at the CIA
and Pentagon now an MSNBC analyst
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press the Rev al Sharpton
president of the National Action Network
and host of politics nation here on
MSNBC Bret Stevens op-ed columnist for
The New York Times and marg a journalist
and a member of the New York Times
editorial board Jeremy bash let me start
with you one because of missed you and
two I want to just I mean the
juxtaposition today it was a split
screen moment we've finally achieved the
two Americas that John Edwards first
talked about in my political career
where on one side of the screen on than
40% of America Donald Trump was urging
the sitting Attorney General to
investigate the identity of the author
of that op-ed in The New York Times
really rebuking his stability calling
into question his capacity to carry out
the duties of his job on the other side
the former president talking about how
easy it should be to distance yourself
from people who embrace good people on
both sides of a KKK rally yeah what
President Obama has brought here to the
fore for the first time in this campaign
season but I don't think it's going to
be the last is this deep concern that we
see that President Trump wants to use
the apparatus of the national security
state to go after his political critics
he wants the Attorney General to Krim
analyze free speech to criminalize free
expression to criminalize criticism to
actually use criminal authorities the
national security authorities to perhaps
conduct surveillance to find locate
potentially eavesdrop potentially arrest
someone who is criticizing the president
and it is in line as President Obama
pointed out with other efforts by
President Trump to use the apparatus of
the state to go after critics to
threaten to strip broadcast licenses
from the media that he doesn't support
and of course to use other other
mechanisms that are totally
inappropriate to go after political
criticism and don't believe Jeremy and
me listen for your own ears here's
Donald Trump while President Obama was
speaking talking about doing just what
Jeremy describes let's listen
should be investigating the author of
that piece was because I really believe
it's national security it's an action
that should be taken against the New
York
why did you say I'm looking at that
right now
we're gonna take a look at what he had
what he gave what he's talking about
also where he is right now
Jeremy bass you worked in national
security agencies your whole career what
is the national security implication I
understand the implication of having an
unstable man as our commander in chief
but what is the national security
implication of penning an anonymous
op-ed in the New York Times nothing
there's no national security angle it's
basically a made-up rationale to try to
again use the apparatus of the state to
go after political critics I mean there
there is nothing that threatens national
security in legitimate criticism of our
political leaders in fact I think I
could argue and I think others would
agree that it would be a national
security crisis a crisis of our
democracy of epic proportions if we use
the government to crack down on
political critics so I actually think
it's an abuse of power to invoke
national security and I don't know of
anybody at the FBI in the intelligence
community the Defense Department or the
rest of the people who are sworn to
uphold the Constitution and defend
national security who would lift a
fingernail to actually carry out this
unlawful and unconstitutional order
Jonathan what is your reporting reveal
about the White House after one of the
most brutal weeks of this presidency had
the Woodward book come out it seems like
three weeks ago but it was at the
beginning of a short week you had the
president reportedly furious that there
wasn't a more robust push back against
the Woodward narrative and the reporting
again from people within his own White
House in a cabinet and then you had this
anonymous op-ed again the White House
caught flat-footed no question and our
reporting is hits all those points where
this was a book that obviously they knew
was coming but there was no battle plan
there was no set of talking points they
hadn't even acquired a copy of the book
until hours after the first story in The
Washington Post ran before they finally
got their hands on it and started
flipping through it and you know they
were when the op-ed arrives a short time
later there were just as obsessed as we
were trying to figure out who it was I
mean reporters most of them with
themselves or anything about me that's
that you describe people people inside
the building who I talk to sources who
would say we describe these text chains
if you like we think that means who
could that be could that be and then
asking us for our opinions reporters
like who do you think it could be there
there definitely a sort of under siege
right now there's an element of some
defiance and we start Nikki Haley's
op-ed that just dropped a short time ago
suggesting that you know someone should
put their name to it they should have
resigned there's some people in the
White House feel like whoever did this
their colleague was cowardly in the way
this was transpired in the New York
Times but the president is obviously
very upset taking this very seriously
the White House has tried to push back a
little bit today on his comments they're
suggesting that he was just opining
about using he's not a pundit he's the
commander in chief it's a ludicrous of
course he is and if it'sif it's a flimsy
argument what he is his words his words
carry weight but that is sort of how
they're trying to slow walk a little bit
but we I spoke to Rudy Giuliani about
this who suggested the argot may be
flimsy but he said the reason why there
could be a national security concern is
not necessarily that ante in the op-ed
wasn't a security secret but his
reasoning was if someone was willing to
do that some was willing to take the
effort to covertly place not that in the
air times well perhaps that person could
also reveal national security secrets to
New York Times or someone else any that
person is probably more worried about
the president doing that I want to ask
you about President Obama's return to
the stage that we have to say that I
think everyone looks even better than
they did in the moment in the time of
Donald Trump but certainly I heard Jim
Messina say that that the President
Obama went farther than anyone thought
he would do and I think that was really
a welcome message from Democrats and
Republicans and and it reads the
question where are where is Congress I
mean why are we so thirsty for this
message this very simple but very strong
rebuke of people who can't plainly and
easily and quickly knock down anyone
that stands with Nazis no I agree I
think that President Obama who I had a
lot of access to and still stay in touch
with went further than I thought he yeah
but I think that he almost had to for
the good of the country you know
President Trump says he fell asleep
watching him he should wake up and watch
what a president supposed the
deal with and not just style and
carriage but what the Republic stood for
he very meticulously went through
Republicans did this and Democrats did
this and we're at a place now where it
shouldn't be about party and he defined
with the state is supposed to be about
and how it's supposed to operate and
Trump needs that lesson and I think
Americans were hungry to hear that and
we don't see that leadership in the
Congress now we certainly are not seeing
it from either side he gave the gravitas
of what the American Dream is supposed
to be even for those of us that don't
feel we equally shared in it somebody
need to bring us back let me play
something for you let me let me play
Obama on Republicans guy thought this
was some of the strongest condemnation
that he had in this speech they're
undermining our alliances cozying up to
Russia what happened to the Republican
Party its central organizing principle
in foreign policy was the fight against
communism and now they're cozying up to
the former head of the KGB actively
blocking legislation that would defend
our elections from Russian attack what
happened what happened well you see this
is the thing ordinarily I would be very
leery of a former president for both
tactical as well as moral reasons
attacking attacking his successor as
politically and as aggressively as Obama
would and I know that Obama appreciated
the fact that George W Bush maintained
pretty much total radio silence you know
took to painting whatever during his
presidency that's what happens in
ordering normal successions normal
transfers of power what I think Obama is
doing is filling a vacuum that has been
left by the Republican Party itself
where was Paul Ryan saying pretty much
what Obama just said where was Mitch
McConnell where were any of the leaders
of Congress the only one who stood up of
course
late and lamented was was John McCain he
provided that
that leadership that is now absent and
that's why I think it's important for
Obama to step up because this is not an
ordinary transition this is not an
ordinary period because what Obama is
defending isn't this or that partisan
Democratic policy he's representing a
tradition of republican government that
should transcend all politics and he's
speaking as a president not as a leader
of the Democrats
I heard from half a dozen Republicans
today he said my god what I wouldn't
give for four more years of this guy to
get rid of Donald Trump tomorrow well
here's the thing I mean President Obama
is speaking not just as a great American
which I think he is and I think there's
a role for as we said the gravitas of
those who have those platforms and those
reputations to come forward but I think
he's also it's also very important to
hear his voice because he's right he
said that this is one of the most
important elections in the lifetime of
those who are voting and I think he
really does have the ability still to
turnout the Democratic base and if you
believe that it's important to elect
Democrats because the Republican Party
is no longer held it's part of the
bargain in American democracy you know
which I do believe this point then
Barack Obama needs to turn out those
Democrats it's really important hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
