they like to use the impeach word
impeach Trump Maxine Waters we will
impeach him but he didn't do anything
wrong it doesn't matter we will impeach
him
we will impeach him but he's doing a
great job
doesn't matter remember that line he's
doing a great job that doesn't matter
will it beat you
it is a hell of a place in Washington we
will impeach but I say how do you beat
somebody that's sort of great job that
hasn't done anything wrong I'll be the
only president initially they'll say
what a job he's done by the way where I
beat him he'll say we want to impeach
them in your Peacham it's so ridiculous
but worry about that if it ever happens
but if it does happen it's your fault
because you didn't go out there vote
didn't go out you didn't he'd have to
protest it too much rather I mean this
is probably what he hears well he's
sleeping nightmares okay no impeach but
when he says you don't impeach somebody
cuz he's doing a good job and I can
debate that he's not doing a good job
but you and Pete somebody cuz they've
done something impeachable I mean the
baby is so clear on he again as I said
earlier in the show about Obama doesn't
even understand what the country stands
for your job that you do as president
has nothing to do if you've done
impeachable acts we're talking about
whether someone was in collusion with
American adversaries another country
we're talking about all kinds of
obstruction of justice and that has
nothing to do with whether or not you
handle the economy or not but he doesn't
get it he thinks that you supposed to go
out there and keep them in because I've
given you a tax
I gave you a mag aha no I totally agree
but also let's just pull back for a
second and marvel at the fact that this
is a man who is more concerned with
hunting down who wrote a negative op-ed
about him that more people will see
because of his four-day attack on said
person right more concerned with that
than he is with a criminal conspiracy by
Russia a foreign adversary to inflow
our elections that has infiltrated his
campaign so some people would call that
treason and frankly but yet he's somehow
wrapping himself in the mantle the flag
and that's really the problem because
really in his mind he is the state so
any attack on him is an attack on the
state is anti-american if he understood
anything about what the country stood
for supposed to he would notice the
exact opposite let me just ask you if
this is the strategy they've landed on
or if impeachment was just on his mind
or a few that was like his word of the
day on his little calendar I mean like
where did that come from well I
certainly whether the White House's
decided this is the right strategy or
not is is unclear and it's a good
question certainly there are people
around him though sort of sort of
outside network who he talks to quite a
bit really others who think that the
impeachment is potentially not a bad
argument for them that they feel like
that that would look like it's overreach
that you know this is a duly elected
president if he has not been convicted
of any sort of crime that that would be
too far and therefore he shouldn't they
can't make him another crime he would be
right exactly but like the proof of
wrongdoing I should say the thing that
worries people more would be the
Democrats get the house and suddenly it
is just investigation after
investigation after investigation that
it's just they haul up anyone who has
had any sort of contact with the Trump
administration - before a committee not
just on Russia but on corruption about
emoluments about everything else and
that they would just utterly Stonewall
whatever the term administration's
agenda would be the next two years and
just make that the image of the day the
next person is being sworn in to you in
front of a congressional hearing and
having to talk about the wrongdoings of
this administration that terrifies
people around the president far more
than the impeachment thing which they
think is still pretty far off and not
very realistic
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
