billionaire Tesla head Elon Musk she up
to
we know what he's up to once again
seeming to dare people to call him out
I mean it's legal right it's all illegal
okay how does it work
do people get upset at you if you do
certain things do you see this right
here go and marijuana in there is he
inhaling yeah no I'm not sure okay
whether or not he's inhaling you ease in
a state where it were it's legal but
right there
Elon Musk is seen taken in a joint
during a podcast interview with Joe
Rogan alright also this morning two top
executives for the company that company
Elon Musk's company Tesla announced
they're jumping ship
the company's chief accounting officer
and a head of HR both announced their
departures hours after month Musk's
pot-smoking appearance may not be about
that though maybe not remember this
company has been a lot of heavy oil in
controversy we're seeing the stock drop
today was just a couple weeks ago he
made this claim they were going private
they'd funding secured that didn't
materialize you gotta wonder what is the
board going to do and it's already been
criticized that the board it's got his
brother on it it's got allies got
homeboys I do about this one
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
