Kim kardashian-west returned to the
white house this week the reality star
discussed prison reform with a group
that included presidential advisers
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner the
meeting took place just months after
Kardashian's last visit when she met
with the president in the Oval Office
and successfully lobbied to get Alice
Johnson a commutation Johnson had served
21 years in prison after getting a life
sentence for drug-related charges
joining us now is Mark Osler former
federal prosecutor and law professor at
the University of st. Thomas who was in
that meeting with Kim Kardashian what
was that meeting about why did it happen
what was it trying to achieve the
meeting was a they billed it as a
listening session it was about clemency
reform and specifically the problems
with the clemency process for the tens
of thousands of people in prison many of
whom have petitions pending for clemency
that hasn't worked for the past several
administrations the way it should that
was that was what the meeting was about
how'd it go I mean this is a big issue
for Jared Kushner he spent a lot of time
on it thus far how committed are they
and beyond Jared Kushner what about the
rest of the administration you think
there'll be more progress I certainly
hope so and I can tell you that Jared
Kushner is very engaged with this
specific issue seems to have a good
understanding of it and having that
meeting was a really good idea a lot of
people paid attention of the fact that
Kim Kardashian was there it makes sense
in a way to have people with facts
people with fame and people with power
sit in the same room and talk about an
important subject like this I can write
a law review article about clemency
reform but if that's all you do I may as
well throw it in a hole and throw dirt
on top of it having some read those
things just so you know well that's good
but but most people don't but if Kim
Kardashian tweets out the idea people
may read the article and it's very least
they'll start thinking about this
subject which is really important that
there's no kidding for people who
criticize the Kardashians this is a good
road to go down there was a judge in
here just to illustrate what this issue
is about there was a judge his name was
Kevin sharp he was in the meeting as
well a few years ago he's sentenced a
man
Chris Young - life in prison at the age
of 26 years old for drug-related charges
now sharp has since said that Chris
should be released because keeping it in
prison serves no other purpose than
revenge is this something that people
have come around to are there people who
really took strong positions on drugs in
the past who are saying look it just
doesn't serve the purpose necessary to
throw these people in jail for the rest
of their lives
yes and that's something that we're
hearing from a lot of people I mean
that's that's my position I was a
federal prosecutor
in Detroit I in fact picked up cases
from Jennifer Granholm and when I lapped
I left some with barb McQuaid and I did
a lot of drug cases and we sought
sentences that were too long that didn't
solve a problem and that is proven to be
deeply tragic for a lot of individuals
and for society as a whole and one of
the things that was striking about this
meeting and really encouraging is it was
an oasis of bipartisanship people from
very different political backgrounds
sitting and talking in a very serious
way about solving this problem and
particularly resuscitating this tool
this constitutional tool of clemency and
bipartisanship is what so many people
actually voted for someone who wasn't in
the room who people are often concerned
is not on board on this topic is
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is that a
big deal it could be it depends
although the kinds of changes that are
necessary can be done without the
Department of Justice and in fact a lot
of the reforms that that certainly I
have pushed for and others have as well
involve moving the process out of the
Department of Justice because of the
natural conflict of interest that exists
when you have the the very body that
imprisoned people being the ones to
decide whether or not that sentence they
saw it was a mistake interesting mark
great conversation thank you for being
with us
Mark Osler is a former federal
prosecutor this is a good topic I mean
in a lot of jurisdictions they're even
moving nonviolent drug offenses in two
different a different court system where
they're saying look let's not treat it
like criminal activity let's treat it
like something else look you know
there's a
research to be done on this and there's
a lot of thought to be given to it but
we do fill our jails in many cases with
people who are in for drug offenses
where there might be a better solution
there might be a better solution and
this is a topic that doesn't have a huge
amount of lobbying dollars behind it yet
they don't have so it has to have
thought and commitment and it's good to
see some progress being made
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
