it's jobs day employers add in two
hundred and one thousand jobs in August
and the unemployment rate remained at
three point nine percent and
long-awaited wage growth posted a
recovery high average excuse me recovery
high hourly earnings rose two point nine
percent for the month that is the
biggest increase we have seen since June
2009 very good news but the auto
industry lost 4900 jobs in Charleston
South Carolina home of sixty automotive
manufacturers and suppliers thousands of
skilled workers jobs are all hinging on
the success of global trade President
Trump is threatening 25% tariffs on cars
coming from the EU and NBC's Vaughn
Hilliard is down there and joins me now
from the port of South Carolina in my
favorites
New York Charleston all right Vaughn I
know you've been talked into the global
head mercedes-benz and the CEO of
Charleston's Port Authority what are
their feelings about these potential
tariffs because what's been interesting
to me as you've traveled the country
even though the tariffs may have hurt
some farmers or manufacturers you've
spoken to they've said let's see how it
goes because we do need improvements on
trade yeah good morning Stephanie
there's 66,000 South Carolinians
employed by auto manufacturers here in
South Carolina alone and as president
Trump continues those negotiations with
China with Mexico with Canada he's still
holding the threat of additional tariffs
over their heads not only is there the
200 billion dollars in Chinese goods
that could be tariffs
after the public comment period closed
yesterday but there's also the potential
of a 25% tariff on foreign auto imports
here into the United States that could
go on Mexico on Canada on China 57
billion dollars in auto exports came
here from the United States alone last
year
South Carolina it's the highest
exporting vehicle state in the country
we actually were just down the road just
this week at a new mercedes-benz van
plant that opened up here in Charleston
and caught up with the head of
mercedes-benz van and asked him the very
specific question of whether his
company's vehicles imported into the
United States whether he considered them
to be national security threats as the
president is ready to contend this is
what he told us we in general for three
traits do you think that your auto
products are a national security threat
to the United States
but
let's not buy business
I'm not responsible for it what's your
message to the White House well you know
again I mean I think that that only the
president administration are uniquely
qualified to assess the issues and to
deal with those and the tactics they
choose that that's really up to them as
long as they drive a proper outcome I
think long-term any sustained
effort and higher tariffs will be
detrimental to the automotive industry
in this country and in the world
Stephanie you heard that pause from the
head of mercedes-benz vans because
they're looking to hire 1300 employees
here Volvo is looking to hire 4,000 a
year ago BMW announced that they're
expanding their plan to hire an
additional 1,000 but it's not just
expansion it's a matter of the employees
that Audrey exists here because that 25%
tariff would also go on the parts that
are imported here to the country and the
reality is that most of the vehicles
here made in the United States are still
using foreign parts so when the price of
foreign parts goes up the price to make
the vehicle goes up which increases the
price of the vehicle which decreases the
demand here in South Carolina which then
ultimately in turns means that they need
less South Carolinians employed by those
auto manufacturer plants that are here
in the United States Stephanie Vaughn
that explanation requires a lot more
words than America first
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
