Ted Cruz isn't hitting cool this new
trick is to go to those places hold a
rally get people to show up and say the
things that they like to hear I am
concerned about the polls I don't
necessarily know where they're pulling
people at there are people coming out in
El Paso there are people coming out in
Fort Davis
I see bata I'm concerned if Ted Cruz
really wants to win this race you go to
some of the reddest places in Texas
places like Abilene so reliably red you
can see it glowing from outer space
there is really something very special
happening in Texas right now now it may
be reflected in the polls I talked to a
lot of people and nobody I've ever even
talked to I've never met one person who
stood cold so I mean who are they
polling they alleged illegal immigrants
to everyone in this community who gave
me a chance to succeed I want to tell
you I'm gonna make the absolute most of
it right now feels it's very American to
take a knee I can think of nothing more
American that it's a peaceful East and
do you have any response to Ted Cruz
attacking you on what you said about the
NFL robert francis bata hurting himself
with the ramblings on and on and on
about there's nothing more American than
taking a need list of questions for Beto
back though O'Rourke otherwise known as
Roberts O'Rourke do you really think
you're gonna win with your Hispanic
wibaynoo not detectors
you know what Texas has been out there
for a long time and he hasn't really
represented thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
