all right Democrats made waves yesterday
as you heard was Senator Cory Booker
suggesting he's willing to be kicked out
of the Senate over his move to release
confidential documents Court nominees
maverick Bret Kavanagh that is Spartacus
like any senator officer or employee of
the Senate who shall disclose the secret
or confidential business or proceedings
of the Senate including the business and
proceedings of the committees
subcommittees and offices of the Senate
shall be liable if a senator to suffer
expulsion from the body and if an
officer or employee to dismissal from
the service of the Senate and a
punishment for contempt right so I bring
up I would correct the Senators
statement there is no rule there is
clearly a rule that applies analyzing
Airmen and bring the charges mr. Airmen
around the time all that was going on
senator mazie Hirono tweeted screenshots
of documents saying they contain
information Republicans don't want
Americans to see and the Hawaii Democrat
joins us now senator it's good to see
you again this morning senator spartacus
are you was that your Spartacus moment
senator no I I just went about using the
document that was really relevant to
other questions that I had senator we
learned later that the documents that
Cory Booker was explaining were
confidential and that he was just gonna
put his hide on the line to release
actually had been cleared the night
before and he was free to distribute
them at that hearing it's been cleared
before you posted them to Twitter no I
didn't ask for currents on my document
during before during or after I used it
so do you feel like you got do you feel
like you either broke over set a rule in
the Senate a rule of that committee or
we once the Good Standing to post those
I questioned the legitimacy of the
designation of confidentiality and I
said we're after I use the document and
I said I defy anybody to to conclude
that this document should even be deemed
confidential by the way the the entire
process of deeming thousands of
thousands of documents confidential was
made by this guy named bill Burke who
the hell is he you know he is a
confidant of Cavanaugh and he he
represents Jennifer discordance key so I
think the whole process was not even
legitimate and so I proceeded to use my
document without asking for clearance
well don't you think senator though
respectfully that as long as the rules
are in place they ought to be followed
and that there's a process if you wanted
to go through the same way Cory Booker
got his documents cleared before he
posted them that you should have done
the same there was a process for
designating these documents committee
confidential and that process was not
followed at all so we all acknowledge
that but you know they're just trying to
to as I say and how I cover their OCO at
this point but do you think senator that
it's a dangerous precedent to violate
that rule just on your own to go out and
say you know what I'm not gonna
recognize the confidentiality what if it
happens next time to you and to
Democrats it was a dangerous precedent
to allow thousands of documents to be
hidden from the American public using a
process that is not legitimate if we
could have come together as have been
done in the past and it would have been
okay but that's not what happened at all
so you know they if they want to expel
me because I haven't followed the
so-called rule then they should do that
but they're trying very very hard now to
after the fact say that my document have
been cleared you know what there's only
one person who would have asked that
very specific document relating to judge
Cavanaugh attitude about Native
Hawaiians and that person would have
been me and I certainly did not ask for
clearance before during it after another
question all right David Nations yes
Sandra I wanted to ask you whether you
think judge Cavan most basic credibility
has been wounded by information that's
come out in some of these documents it
seems that in past hearings he denied
that he'd been involved in the
confirmation of Judge Pryor for example
and their documents that show he was
involved he denied he was involved in
the
case if somebody named Manuel Miranda
and the documents show that he wasn't is
is that really hurting his his
credibility do you think as far as I'm
concerned there are all these questions
as to how how forthcoming he was in his
prior testimony in 2006 what I'm focused
on because I wasn't here then I'm
focused on his dissents which show a
pattern that he is very much against
women's reproductive rights and cases he
definitely has a pattern and I think it
was a blinking red light it doesn't
matter to me that he never had a
discussion now about the Muller
investigation but it was a blinking red
light when he wrote that a sitting
president should not be subject to
either criminal or civil proceedings
that is a huge red light to this
president who is all about protecting
himself all right one quick question
butcher sure senator you can't see it
but we have a split screen up here with
Cory Booker and Kirk Douglas do you see
likenesses but senator mazie Hirono
thank you very much for being a tease
morning appreciate it and still ahead on
Morning Joe we showed you that moment
from Wednesday's hearing where Brett
Kavanaugh struggled to answer whether
he'd discuss bob muller or the rushar
probe with someone from a law firm
linked to president trumped Cavanaugh
was asked about that again yesterday and
it took a long time to get an answer
that is next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
