I remember when I used to hate Jody
harsh now I actually like her a bit
that's how are you gorgeous what's going
on a tree out here happy christmas happy
hanukkah happy December if you don't
celebrate any of those things we are all
inclusive here on this channel Eric Lee
and not to hype it up too much but one
of the funniest videos I've ever made
coming up but first a massive thank you
to the guys at the workplace who are
kindly sponsoring this video so if you
want a domain a website or somewhere to
sell stuff online head over to
Squarespace right
are you ready to see me get transformed
into a drag superstar let's go hello
it's Reed here and I have my lovely
friend miss Jodi harsh with me today
hello superstar DJ Jodi has agreed to
beat my face and make it look somewhat
like this just to preface it I'm not in
any way shape or form of a con artist I
don't really know what I'm doing with
someone else's face only my own so what
we're saying is it's the flavor that
it's going to be shit yeah like all that
light seems really nice that is fabulous
this way this way yeah and then that way
my lipstick um because I do this to him
also we're gonna be doing some mean
comments Jodi told me I have to get
topless for this otherwise we'll go all
over my clothes it's all part of my
cunning plan this response that's been
in my face I hope that's okay god I'm
gonna be infected it's you know this is
really pair up using that's all I do
how many do you have wigs about 25 what
the is that crusty piece of that is
disgusting it makes this and this kind
of flawless some white right because at
the end of the day you guys laughs so I
put loads of
what other friends yeah I know you're
friends with Sam Smith and Lady Gaga I
came to your cloth yeah how crazy is
that mother Munster was in her Club what
was that like
did you bounce she was gone to jail yeah
that was all that was all arranged as
the opening night at Dollar Baby and
which is my Friday night party check it
out you're used to your chest being
covered in white stuff you know parents
watch every one of my videos oh hey mom
you did a prize yeah yeah they said that
you were awful mom said how come she's
making you carry her bag I like said I
offered you've got beautiful my god it's
a really bad no it's not that but I can
even tell how bad that is
look how crooked and shit that is you
should have you seen ID my eyebrows No
exactly well she was a friend of yours
wasn't she what was she like an awesome
awesome lovely personal okay so I mean
comment time while we're getting through
this Jodie harsh is a fat bitch oh my
god that's from Scotty Oh Scotty I know
I know him just Joe be harsh that's what
my father says you know what you do yeah
that's a longer story in general does he
appreciate it no no I have an awesome
mom but I don't have a great dad like
you do but to hear that Dad if Joe Lee
Hirsch wasn't such a fantastic DJ she'd
be nowhere oh my god that's true but
actual drag has been shockingly and is
as funny as a friend you're gonna be
such a pretty pretty lady
oof how awful if Joey Harris was
involved with a UK RuPaul's Drag Race
spin-off would you do it um I would
never be a contestant on the show right
I would absolutely say yes if I was
asked to do something fruitful strong
graces my favorite TV show it's
incredible and under important
television in this day and age I would
never put myself up for reality TV
because they're probably headed meet me
it would make sure that I'm gonna be the
one this but your edited badly in this
don't worry yeah I remember when I used
to hate Jodi harsh now I actually like
her a bit meet you to do that no water
life yeah I don't think we need that Oh
see you blink then sorry cuz u t.j
professionals you're so good enough to
universe Oh Johnny harsh is such a
disgusting freak I don't know how anyone
can sit there looking at that freak and
take him seriously that person really
doesn't like you
oh that's my accountant you completely
took the right eye
face me hmm
no maybe this could be part of the my
drive look if I'm always a little bit
the chef oh you're the busted one yeah
I'm always like i'ma have a flag in one
hand a gene in the other hand Oh Jody
harsh doing the gay times naked issue
definitely not something I wanted to see
Anna hung over Sunday Royals up yeah
never when I was a kid I stole a packet
of porno playing hearts because you
wanted something - yeah and ran away
from mr. shop you know they're like a
little naked men boners
like my what age was that and I ran oh I
don't know 27 oh thanks
terrible oh my god you look like oh you
can't say that you can't say that oh my
god does Everett you'll never know what
she said this is the insight you say
what if you want what's it like and I
asked Kourtney this as well what's it
like being over a woman being in the
drag world I'm having like a
relationship or Dave does Jody get in
the way at boys yes bring them in bring
them in so do you do sexy time like this
wouldn't you I I can fall off it's
something practical yeah you just put
plastic sheet down Firefox here where
are you from come give us a kiss
oh that is outrageous far the look
oh you're lightning-fast reflexes the
immense
it's definitely pork I do I am like your
Oakley sister who didn't have a good
life but I still want to be glad yeah
the one that was abused
Oh are we ready for that the wait yeah
yeah oh god here we go guys
close your eyes why what's your
Instagram at Jody Harsha
j OD IE h AR sh go follow her she post a
little pictures were cute boys oh Jesus
Christ
twins oh this I'm I don't know what to
say thank you thank you I love it so
much fun
what's the name Cody Cody Cody okay I'm
gonna do some cozy stuff to Cameron
thank you so much for watching I thank
you for this this is iconic it was
really fun actually make sure you go
check out Jody on Instagram and Twitter
and your club nights so maybe on Fridays
which is super fun and she's DJing all
over the place so she might be not like
a country near you soon
I've country I think of a crime oh don't
ever do that oh my god I'm calling you
thank you for watching and touch in a
couple of days big love much love that
girl Jody thank you so much for painting
my face you absolute legend cheers again
to the guys and girls at Squarespace for
sponsoring the video and like me if
you're technically in it well then
that's where you need to go for and a
website to get a domain or two and find
somewhere to sell stuff online it is so
easy I'm in the process of making my own
at the moment and they've got all these
templates for you so there's really no
way for you to eff it up if you're
confused or if something goes wrong
they're available 24/7 and to help you
out and it's just a really great way to
showcase all of the great stuff you've
done in one space so if you need a
website quickly that's customizable that
in your own style easy to make easy to
use ahead of the squarespace.com set it
up but not just that the guys have given
me 10% off to give you if you go to
space.com slash riyadh yes I just spat
on the lens all the details you need a
down below thank you so much for
watching follow me on social media it's
all just a tree @k and if you haven't
subscribed already I highly recommend
that you do have more videos like this
coming
Jason I don't touch it before Christmas
know that I love you MA bye
