we have woods purposely get lost they
ask you how you are you just say that
you're fine you're not rain here already
back home in Ireland and mother dearest
Lorraine is here and we're gonna go
through some mental funny embarrassing
stories from my childhood most of which
I've completely forgotten about what was
I like as a kid very very entertaining
of course you'd have to be very careful
around it because you wouldn't know what
your mate was like what I'd say yeah
first story first story is the story
that happened many times whatever shelf
that we went to Jesus I know before we
add words purposely get lost
they ask you how you are you just say
that you're fine when you're not really
fun I'd be shopping away looking at
clothes or whatever and we got not
around I used to wait until she was
looking through the rails and then I go
off into the distance
why because he was an attention seeker
and he would have to have his name
intercom all over the super works Soho
my people I was here people there was a
missing child in this super Marcus his
name is Riyadh Caliph and I polite
mother come she's a goddess mother come
to the information desk and I'm gone but
that happens so many times we get and
when you've come to get me would I'd be
like crying
delighted put yourself put a big smile
on your face Oh mom and he'd give me a
hope and I want to pinch it on stores in
corners course the every time I go in
there now I'm still like yeah did you
ever think I was abducted someone came I
thought if it's another time that I
remember which you I was fairly say just
pregnancy which your younger brother
Ryan and you were always loving
creatures always sticking in the car for
animals tapeworms you need the music
like unbelievable
my mom had a little shore of water Shore
like you let it drain you'd lift the lid
off and it'd be loads of wood lights and
he collected hundreds of corner around
ugly Ghana FL nice pockets go names the
door you said
he put whatever it was in its pocket and
then I said what'd you put in there and
he goes would life well I've nearly had
a heart attack I had to run upstairs go
up into the bathroom take off my
trousers and shake the wood lights and I
had wood lice gone all over the floor on
my mom's bathroom crawler that I can't
recall what a freak freak it was funny
it was funny there is one thing that
I'll never forget
it's just a scar on me I think I was
about 12 or 13 years old and I was doing
a poo as you do and I feel like I'm
probably done and I feel something
dangling from me and what is that and I
look down and this is big long what
looks like a tapeworm hanging from my
arse off cuz I can watch all these
Discovery Channel and National
Geographic programs they having
parasites so I scream oh Jesus Christ
so I went and Sarah's got the gloves off
big yellow dishwashing gloves went oh
because I'm dr. moraine start screaming
oh no long thing is a wiggler that's not
doing that
he was actually dental floss and your
hair
I had swallowed about a meter and a half
of dental floss because it was minty and
tasty about two or three nights before
and it obviously made its way through my
system and just come out in the a-string
the last time I've seen is born well we
aren't loved making me embarrassed if it
didn't already pick up and that so we
ever get very good friend who's a
builder and he used to do lots of work
at her like a family friend and he's a
very good-looking man I'm a good-looking
woman
so okay confidence I'm pointing you are
you're gorgeous
anyway so Riyadh was I fate well for
this stage
Shana come to say hey surprise up a job
that he was gonna do a legs a building
job and then Michelle comes to this okay
are you Sean and I give him a kiss on
two cheeks you know the natural thing
that you do Gracie
yeah and then Sam came home from work my
dad's and he goes oh yeah dad's Sean was
here and he was kissing mom and then
sound goes well yeah mom and Sean were
kissing oh Jesus Christ
yeah and then I get nod red-faced
because I actually think it's quite good
look hahaha but nothing happens and then
I'm trying to explain myself a new book
no Sam you don't understand teeth he's a
little really that's what I'm saying in
my head you're a little shit cuz nothing
happens and I'm like yeah I did I'm and
then he's gone yet no mom you did kiss
him you did kiss him I'm I'm gonna and
I'm trying to explain myself and Dan my
face is getting redder and redder dad
didn't believe him
no he didn't he actually didn't well I'm
sorry
scientist they ask you how you are you
just have to say that you're fine you're
not really fine you just can't get into
it because they would never under
remember and the babysitter Jessica and
the champagne oh my god yeah glad we had
this brilliant babysitter call Jessica
and we came back from being news yeah
what what was Jessica told Jessica
that's like an adopted daughter I love
to change don't give me kiss before bed
might get a little Sammy oh yeah and her
mom a mom was only up the road so I got
got her to babysit I knew she was there
because wine used to be sick and
whatever so we came back more nice and
she went off and there was a bottle of
champagne missing and we didn't have
champagne and dont's days I had to go to
her mom and say to her I am I'm really
sorry but can I ask it just Jessica no
where'd that brought the champagne went
and and then about two weeks later his
spotless champagne was found underneath
Leanne's bed and why they hide it
because you were living look I tried to
ask my dear friend to get you to babysit
again and she wouldn't do it because she
felt she was secured that she had
wrapped I'm never gonna have kids
because I'll end up like me dad's
arrived dad's with a snare for the last
one hi dad hi so the last memory is then
later in life when I was a teenager and
we went to the gorge the biggest gay bar
in Ireland nominee for a mother-son big
gay dancing I house and as the amazing
mother she is she encouraged me to get
with a fella I did and how did you do
that because there was this lovely
English guy and he was looking at me and
I started talking to him and he said I
really liked your salon and whatever he
said that's you yes and I was gone sure
to the family home so it was the first
time riad actually had a boyfriend back
well wouldn't cup my boyfriend I'd call
it a one-night romance yes do you know
what I mean so mom organizes the cab I'm
actually your boy ain't sure you bought
them food in Charley's as well yes does
it's like Chinese takeaway
we all got like crispy duck shit
and we got in a cab back here to pray
and yeah and then you were like and
you're like okay bye guys and wished us
well up the stairs and then that was
that and I take note we didn't even do
us no there's the kid from the Codel and
then we'd sit and then they but I
remember going to bed thinking oh my god
I'm encouraging my son to bring somebody
back home I was the safe sex yes Jason
and the fella came to an stairs and I
made breakfast and you were still in bed
and the lady we were chatting away in
the back garden in Tucson
ah and he was a lofty fellows if you
were here would you have had an issue
with that
it was early days yeah literally yeah
okay yeah okay yeah if I brought a fella
packing air while staying in Dublin
would you be okay with that
no yeah no I just want to say have a
drink with him well that was interesting
I hope you have a fully rounded view of
how much of an arsehole child I was
thank you for watching and Cheers for
being here like the video and by the way
if you want to have a notification every
time I put a video up there on the
channel hit that Bell down below and
that will let you know whether or not
things about
it down and that your loved one will go
stop the chatty in a couple of weeks Big
Love bye
