my labs it's we got here and look who
I'm with the gorgeous the stubbing had a
whistling it's been about a year since
we film together and we decided that's
too damn long we just filmed a video
over on her channel so go check it out
after after you male sex toys I love
your work and the shit that you do on
your channel idea book was fantastic I
think it would be really lovely to chat
with you about insecurities in
particular physical insecurities and
which I know we've spoken about as mate
privately after a couple glasses of wine
mostly and to just sort of liberate
ourselves because there are certain
things about my body that I've always
booked me since I can remember since
childhood and into adulthood and into em
you know being an active sexual being
has affected you know my sex life in a
way so I think today I'm just gonna put
it out there we're gonna discuss it
we're going to talk about why I think
it's also important to say that no
matter what your body type like you can
have insecurities but also recognizing
the fact that me and Riyad we don't
necessarily have the kinds of bodies
that are like shamed or punished by
society the things that you're insecure
about other people might love that thing
about you or they don't even notice it
yeah there was an episode of queer
Britain and where I got naked for a gay
times photoshoot and um i was skinny
shamed in a way these guys are saying
why is he saying he's got body and
security issues when he's got a great
body and yeah you might think I've got a
great body thank you for that compliment
but I actually have a huge amount of
insecurities about how I look and how I
feel when I look at myself yeah doesn't
mean that I'm judging anyone else right
they look it's it's kind of an internal
facing thing let's just get straight
into it we've chosen what three or four
things each that we're going to just
yeah reveal and show and which is quite
nerve-wracking for me because I have
already done that before well I go first
your video you guys oh when I was about
13 14 years old I was in school and a
guy he sat beside me in school and bit
his fingernails and I looked up to him
in many ways I need to try it it's
really cool so I tried it
yeah he said it was a cool thing to do
so I was like okay and then since that
age I'm like 26 I basically kept doing
it and I now I go to it when I'm feeling
anxious or I'm feeling insecure or
there's some big thing happening I would
out realize I just got like that and
it's the thing that I hate about myself
are my bit and fingernails I chew a
Polish that's what helped me I used to
bite my well I can well I can but yeah
well you can I can't like and wear nail
polish you can wear clear now watch that
tastes nasty the thing is I've tried
that and then you just forget and I'm
really going to actively try to grow
them back book and I hate them and I've
never showed them like this before so
there you go hmm I don't want to go too
close but here's a positive to having
short nails finger and bungholes eye you
are gonna say that it's such a Hannah
Witton response your turn my one of my
things is my ears Wow yeah stop why it's
because I feel like they stick out a lot
as a baby I had this like alien head and
I was bald for a long time and I had
this huge head and let me stick out is I
just still like I don't know what it is
like I don't really like tying my hair
up for it's like my head well I think
that they're really cute I don't think
I've got a complex about them but I do
avoid okay wearing my hair that affects
your day-to-day life doesn't it if I do
wear my hair up I like to try and like
have some bits coming down to kind of
like cover it a bit my next thing is a
little peach that I haven't in the front
page going in when I stand up like you
can right no nothing there and I know
that that's ridiculous but it's a girl
Savannah that everyone has that - like
I've got like three or four roles right
now yeah and I like I know that that's
ridiculous but it books me and I think
when the reasons it does is I had an ex
who and used to encourage me to go to
the gym because of this area he had a
thing for apps and he oh I wish
and oh let's go to the gym together and
oh you shouldn't eat that and but even
abs or a 6-pack when they sit down and
still do that we've got the rolls it's a
silly one but it's it's there and you
know what um what has really helped it
and my feelings about it is that and the
last two guys that I've dated have both
said that they they like it yeah yeah
they they don't like very slim and very
muscular guys they want someone who is
normal-looking I was like what is normal
again I think I'm queer Britt and I
mentioned this on the show and I had a
lot of people coming after me saying you
know that's ridiculous and you're making
us feel awful about our bodies it's not
about that it's a personal thing yeah
you know I've been with guys who are and
physically far larger than me but I'm so
I don't notice that on another person
it's just on yourself which is why body
image is such a weird complex changeable
thing yours so my next one is similar in
the fact that it stemmed from like a
comment from somebody that I had
feelings for it is my teeth and it's the
color of them so I have actually I got
them whitened this year I felt so shit
about them and I was like to know what
I'm an adult earning money and I'm gonna
do things that make me feel better
and I got my teeth whitened and they're
not like super super white but I like I
noticed the difference enough that I'm
just like oh this is good like they look
great when I was like 13 this guy who I
really fancied said to me your hair your
skin and your teeth are all the same
color
yeah oh that will hit you right at that
age so and it like stayed with me fit
like still I'm like 25 now and I just
got them right into this year so that's
like over ten years like this insecurity
and I think one of the other things that
like has made me a lot more insecure
about my teeth is YouTube and filming
videos and especially collabing with
Americans oh they have telling about
pearly white teeth
and you're there editing your face and
you can just see and I think one thing
that I learned doing this and like
having that insecurity and stuff is that
like it's okay to change things about
yourself because like people get the
haircut and it makes them feel better
people like go and exercise and that
makes them feel better but on the flip
side of that that is a part of me that
does see the kind of like like the
institutional the more like systemic
problem in terms of like beauty
standards yeah it's like we're told
these are the things that are wrong with
you here is a solution now pay me loads
of money to give you this solution and
that I have a real problem with I think
you need to chill I think I think you
overthink this I understand your thought
process but I think it could be damaging
if you look in the mirror and you like
what you see I think it's a good thing
mm-hmm
I've a few friends that have had fillers
in their lips um in the cheeks and who
have had tattoos or all these different
things because they want to look a
certain way
then are they happy afterwards yeah okay
I think that's maybe the balance we're
trying to strike between hey if if a
quick fix of changing your appearance
can help then great but if you start to
realize that I she's a bit deeper than
that then maybe like seek help talk to
somebody like every time I get a haircut
I have a little um mental health boost
and you're removing something something
is being taken away from you and it's
like goodbye hair on the floor like that
the shame and disgust my next thing is
probably the thing that is most current
in my life in my personal insecurity and
wardrobe of things and it's broken veins
broken capillaries on my nose I don't
even know what that is so you know the
thread things tiny little veins yeah you
can get long your face of my dad and
genetically has has quite a few them
along here I remember looking at them as
a kid and going when I get older I'm
gonna have that and it started to happen
I wear a very very light SPF cream that
has the colour in it okay so it kind of
covers it and you'll see that big one
there oh yeah yeah and I can't
it gives me such insecurity that me when
I'm around people any person they're
sitting slide on I always turn this way
so they're looking at me face up I don't
like people looking at me from the side
yeah and again if I'm dating someone as
well I'd make sure that I sit like this
or if we're sitting side by side to go
another thing is I since my childhood
I've hated my entire nose and that's
because I got quite bullied off with the
size of it I had this size nose as a ten
year old child can you imagine how
terrifying that looked I was like uh
what I thought about getting rhinoplasty
and so what did you say to me earlier
about having character being part of
yeah
so I I've started thankfully to begin
loving my nose again I'm not wanting to
change it and that's because I think of
my dad who has basically the exact same
nose and I think I know the three sappy
and sad and stuff well he's not gonna be
here forever hopefully be here from what
you've inherited the nose I have a smell
and when when my dad is no longer here I
want to be able to look in the mirror
and see a part of him in me and why
would I ever and get a surgery to take
such a beautiful thing that my birth
giver gave to me and my mom's mouth you
know I love that because it's her that's
her that's him and so yeah and also I
think it gives me character I don't want
to look like a generic model I want to
look like rillette
okay are you ready so it's there and it
is there as well and I hate it but it's
me my next thing is my boobies I knew
this actually which is basically like my
boobs are huge I've always had big boobs
and I'm a little person but then in the
last year I've put on like a lot of
weight and for me a lot of weight is
basically like the most weight I've ever
put on in the certain amount of time and
most of it goes to my boobs like it
always goes that fast and I've gone up
like three cup sizes Wow and I was
insecure about my boobs before this
happened and so yeah it's just like a
jet
general like boob weight insecurity cuz
I had to get rid of so many clothes and
buy new clothes because I wasn't fitting
into any of them and it is mostly
because my boobs don't fit into them
right it just for context what size are
they now 38 Wow
you need like four of my hands so like
this is like obviously I'm wearing Navy
it doesn't hurt your back I have
terrible but how do you get stretch
marks because marks on them no but they
will hurt a lot before my period okay
which they get so heavy it is the worst
and also this is the thing that I found
out recently apparently all boobs have
got the same amount of nerve endings so
if you've got smaller boobs the nerve
endings are more compact if you've got
big boobs the nerve endings are spread
out sexually I don't get anything
anyone touching my boobs sometimes I
can't even feel it I'm like oh well
where are some of my friends who've got
tiny little boobs they're like oh my god
it like sends me over the edge like
sometimes like I have a lot of nipple
stimulation nothing okay great yeah
careful good they're delicate things
they're not hurting today so it's like
oh I can't even look at it oh no there's
somebody watching us right now with a
boob fetish early okay like a what are
those weird yeah they're really getting
off on this would you ever consider a
reduction yes really
that's an invasive procedure yes I also
don't know if I want to do it like
before I have kids cuz I'm like can i
still breastfeed that's why you going
yeah very very okay no dude that's why I
love doing it deals like this especially
with you because it's it if I carry
getting it off your chest I feel
liberated Yeah right like it does take
it out of it it sounds like confessional
well now you know some of the biggest
insecurities that we have I think the
imperfections are what make us who we
are yeah I know that's a cliche but it
is every guy that I date I'm drawn to
his imperfections I want to know how
have your insecurities affected you in
your day to day life and in any way of
course if you're comfortable talking
about it and
comments below we're all human and we're
obviously going to have imperfections
there's absolutely no way that we can't
and as we age quarter of a century
there's gonna be more and more and more
that come in so we have to get used to
seeing these things I wouldn't be a
banging 6 year you are that face that
thing where you make yourself look old
yes I was like damn I would and I made
my boyfriend it was my last night I was
thank you so much for watching the video
and know like honestly if you do work
right go over and watch the video we did
on Hannah's channel where we looked at
some beautiful male sex toys
example 4 go over and have a look and
I'll chat in a couple of days big love
bye
