is it okay for guys to have long hair
it's one of the many questions that
fellas all over the world have been
typing into Google questioning their
masculinity Alaskan other things like
it's okay to cry is it located on a cab
is it okay to shave your legs
well it is okay I've teamed up with the
lovely lass over at links you know for
this news of the social movement to try
and understand what it means to be a man
in 2017 and what is masculinity today so
now my mates Jamie asked MTO Nigel here
is what it's really like to be a guy
with long hair sure what kind of an
comments do you get from the public a
mystery you're either really a certain
group of women's cup of tea but then two
gay men I would say you're pretty
invisible up potentially it's like that
I returned home I mean I've been to
clubs and had men dead to me
oh you a man or woman they don't say
anything but the look sale it's none of
your business not hello the name okay
but I've had stairs and she is my hair
I've got some I think probably people
probably think oh it's like me
and maybe they think it shouldn't be on
a guy any sort of like tricks they're
fun things that you can do with your
hair where comments from kids mommy
hahaha it must have been what about like
he's sort of looking a little confused
they're kind of grabbed their mom and
then they're kind of you - do you find
that your hair affects you sexually does
it get you more does it get you left
some people really like long hair and
essential no you're kidding
I thought people liked the whole or that
way alright okay I'm learning would you
consider it chopping it all off it's the
one you really want you to ask you - no
no because it's me knows this embryo the
way I just now welcome
last time I was doing that I feel more
confident to feel more myself how'd you
hear every button in the way of a work
opportunity no they they really liked it
and we CEO actually let this be I hope
you actually came oh my god yeah how
long does it take to get ready like is
it alum putter I do set aside nice like
I literally have nice red knife I'm
sorry guy is the most stereotypical king
of the world I'm going to get home watch
my hair I'm going to sit in a massive
jumper off - it would be really happy oh
oh my god what is the definition of
masculinity in 2017 I think it really is
up to the individuals I I really think
we live in such an exciting time where
you can choose what your masculinity is
I think as well it's about being brave
enough to be that person is going to be
unapologetically themselves in every
shape and form you have two old people I
grew up in a house with my mom two aunts
my grandmother my roses I mean I feel my
muscle nuclei foundation strong women oh
look at you
I think people always questioned
anything that I would then there's
realize what you do not have to be
feminine to take terrible
life is too short to not have long hair
right let's get all right that's okay I
love it so is it okay for guys I have
long hair 100% okay hope you enjoyed the
video and thank you so much for watching
and look like me said masculinity a
fluid masculinity is whatever you want
it to be and the main thing is just to
be comfortable in your own skin and
however you present yourself is your own
choice simple as that
please drop a comment below and let me
know what masculinity means to you and
let's start a conversation and also if
you want to check out more from links
head over to the website I've got a link
to that down below and I'll check you in
a couple of days
big love bye
nothing
