hiya ireon welcome back to my channel
how you doing good good so I was
thinking for the last couple of days if
I was gonna make this video or not it
was in and out my hand I thought no no
I'll leave it it's a bit divisive people
will have different opinions and it just
kept playing on my mind and I thought
you know what this channel is to spread
a bit of opinion and how I'm feeling so
I'm just going to just gonna let it all
out over the past couple of months but
specifically yesterday nude photos of
celebrities have leaked and just the way
that they are circulating and the stuff
I'm seeing on social media and on
different websites is kind of make me
feel a little bit ill in my stomach you
can call them non-consensual images you
can call it revenge porn celebrity nude
photo leaks whatever term you use it's
still the same thing someone's private
or intimate images being shared to the
masses and made from a private thing
into a public thing and don't get me
wrong when you find out that someone
that you fancied for a long long time
someone that you have lusted after
fantasized about when you find out that
there are naked images of that
individual it's very hard not to go look
and I guess the thing that got to me
wasn't so much about people looking at
the images it's sharing the images and
how the media are writing articles about
this sort of applauding not the
celebrity but the person who has made
those images public then let's get one
thing clear this is revenge porn the
word revenge in itself explains it all
those images those videos are shared in
malice in an act of hate to humiliate
the person to shame the person to gain
the perpetrator attention give them a
boss or to cause the victim altar
distress revenge porn is revealing or
sexually explicit images or videos of a
person posted on the internet typically
by a former sexual partner would add the
consent of the subject in order to cause
them distress or embarrassment now when
these images of a celebrity appear
online and they're there if you must
sure go and have a look most other
people are but then don't take it to the
next level don't share it on social
media when I went online and I saw
people I'm journalists who should know
better saying yes thankful or
praise Jesus these photos exist the day
has come all my dreams are coming true
yes yes yes that type of language is
validating the malicious act it's
allowing it to continue and it's
normalizing it to a point where victims
are seen not as victims but as people
who should have known better now I don't
know about you but most of us have
shared something with someone at some
point you know I mean and who knows
maybe something of me will appear online
one day and when it does fuck it it's
not my fault
it's never the victims fault no matter
how many pictures a person sends out to
other people it is never okay and
acceptable then for those pictures to
appear in a public place and sometimes
you can go who cares the celebrities
this is the price they must pay for
their fame and for their amazing lives
no just because someone finds fame
because they're really good at doing
something doesn't mean that they're all
of a sudden public property no matter
how much you want to would you walk up
to Zac Efron on the street pull down his
underwear and go hmm hmm bit small isn't
it of course you wouldn't you be
arrested what if a picture of him
appears online and you begin to share it
and you look at it and you comment on it
then I kind of fail to see the huge
difference in the two actions I've seen
leaked images of people online before
and the overwhelming sort of feeling
that I get from them is a bit morbid I
know this person does not want me to be
looking at them like this yet I am
looking at them where they were trying
to be sexy they were trying to be
intimate they're trying to be whatever
they wanted to be with one person one I
am NOT that person you are not that
person none of us are yet we're still
looking and a lot of the people who have
had their images shared lately are
fucking young like in their early 20s
that is close to my young brother
I cannot imagine someone doing that to
my little brother and the fear and
anxiety and sorrow that he'll be going
through because of it saying that
someone should know better is like
saying don't eat those prawns you'll
probably have diarrhea don't go into the
kitchen because you might get cooked by
a knife if you own a candle it's your
own fault if your house burns down
sorry victim shaming is never cool
instead of applauding the actions of the
culprit the person who shared the images
they should be vilified and they should
be held accountable thankfully here in
the UK
a law was introduced that says if you
share someone's intimate private images
in a malicious way you can go to jail
for two years and you can find sorry bad
chick in the US or different laws for
each state that can be easily found
online but thankfully now along with
social media sites and and different web
servers it's being clamped down on time
after time after time
victims of revenge porn be them
celebrities are not celebrities it
doesn't matter it's the same feelings of
shame humiliation fear guilt stank
overwhelmed them and in some situations
it gets so bad that the victim cannot
take the pain anymore and they take
their own life like a woman called Susie
Annika tome 30 years old in Italy
September 2016 her ex-boyfriend shared
videos of her online she took her own
life or Tyler Clementi in New Jersey in
the United States September 2010 he was
filmed in an intimate act with another
person in his bedroom and then it was
shared all over social media
he then jumped off a bridge these images
and videos can destroy a person's mental
health in the blink of an eye and yeah
there is the argument that it can make
someone more famous or it can lead to
compliments about the person's body the
person does not want to be commented on
good or bad and you know the nature of
the Internet all you have to do is look
in the comments section of any of my
videos generally there's a lot of shit
out there looking at the comments on the
photo leaked that happened yesterday if
that poor young man it was a lot about
the shape and size of his manhood the
fact that he hasn't got the right amount
of hair on his body and he's not a real
man that some people expected him to be
hotter than he was imagine for one
second being that person reading those
comments about parts of yourself that no
one should see apart from a partner or
yourself and I understand websites news
outlets if something like this happens
it's almost impossible for you not to
write about it and share the news if you
share the news that leaks have happened
that's fine don't share a link to the
nudes
oh you're fueling the fire you're
helping the problem you're applauding
the culprits and even if you don't share
the link the language you use
your article about these leaks is so
important yesterday
reading an article about this poor
person's unfortunately and hearing that
they're delighted it happened thank God
at that time not cool if you're going to
use the excuse of something being
newsworthy and you having to write about
it then at least make it written in a
newsworthy way give the facts not the
banter and not the link simple anyway
just thought I'd get that off my chest
and if you don't agree with me then
that's totally fine this is the joy of
the Internet and a free speech my
opinion and your opinion are both valid
and they may be completely opposing but
what I say to you is if something like
this appears online which of course it
will again it could be your image it
could be your brother's image you could
be my image you could be your parents
image for all we know just think twice
before you share think twice before you
write an article and think twice about
that person that victims mental health
and how it might affect them in the long
term that's it simple easy if you're
watching this and you've been a victim
of revenge porn I've got a couple of
links down below of different
organizations that can help you and
legal organizations that can help you
get those images down through copyright
law and privacy law in various different
countries and so please check them out
if you need to make sure you hit
subscribe like this video and I will
chat to you in a couple of days all
right love you bye
