hiya love I'm Riyadh welcome back to my
channel and I'm sorry that there's been
a bit of a gap as a lot of you know I'm
in the middle of making my own BBC three
theories which is absolutely insane to
even say but because I've been doing
that filming all over the UK I've been
taken away from my camera and I have
just been sleeping any hour of the day
that we're not making that show but
today I'm doing a video that a lot of
you have asked for I'm about to turn 26
so why not do 25 life lessons I've
learned in 25 years this is not wine by
the way this is tea in a wineglass why
because it makes me feel fat it's vital
that I give you a disclaimer before we
get into this the life lessons in this
video may lead to you losing your job
family friends and lover I'm not
responsible for the actions that lead to
you making a shit of your life unless of
course that shit makes your life better
in which case you can thank me with many
many gifts and wine the people and
events that I'd be mentioned are real
but shall remain nameless because nobody
steals my attention apart from Oprah
Oprah is queen first thing never attempt
a sneaky silent fart like a good lactose
intolerant person I decided focus I'll
have all the cheese so what happens then
you begin to produce gas and I'm not
talking about a little bit of gas so I'm
talking about it off gas to fill up the
fucking Hindenburg inside the silver
envelope are 16 separate gas bags
so I'm sitting in this car I'm trapped I
think you know what I'm gonna I'm gonna
hold it Oh a little bit out of time you
nothing the first little bit escapes me
perfect no one heard I've gotten away
with it almost three seconds passed and
the car begins to smell like an
abandoned morgue and there's no escaping
it and then for the rest of your days
you're seen by that person as the filthy
stinking bastard that likes to fart in
caps that are sealed my advice
Onis if you feel a comment tell the
person hey you something's about to go
down you've got two options leave the
area or stay and enjoy my scent be nice
to dickheads
it sounds harder than it is but if
someone's been an asshole to you hit
them with the friendly stick about two
weeks ago I was in a nightclub I brushed
shoulders with someone
but I don't know the person turns around
and does this can we the slow-mo replay
on there
instantly my dickhead alarm is going off
and I think what can I do with this
person I could get angry and say calm
down love relax
what I said are you having a bad day
are you feeling a little bit shit what's
going on
sucks in me total total talk someone now
instantly what you do in that situation
is you take the power from the dickhead
and all of a sudden they feel like a
dickhead for being a dickhead I just
said look we're all here to have a good
time or in a nightclub how about we just
smile yeah yeah if you want a pat in
life and you can't decide what you want
get chickens every time yeah chickens
why chickens Riyadh huh Oh weird pets
again they are so friendly you wouldn't
believe you can cuddle a chicken you can
pet a chicken you can feed the chicken
from your hand believe me I had tan at
one stage as the kids forget about
ponies
forget about puppies forget like kittens
sea monkeys I just wanted a chicken and
my parents gave it to me and it was the
best thing that I ever had in my life
it's simple what does the chicken give
you cuddles love and eggs
what does it doubt give you rabies smell
and shit but I will never forget Sandra
the chicken don't ever put a mood ring
in your mouth in order to heat it up and
make it change color I thought this this
shit
this shit is broken it's little arrow I
was specifically trying to make myself
feel sad and then feel happy and then
feel angry and then feel berm used in
order to make a change color nothing put
it in my mouth
took a deep breath in the thing went
down and got caught in my throat and I
was running around the house gone Hey
can't breathe got rushed to hospital and
they were about to perform surgery on me
when I vomited and with the vomit came
up the fuckin ring that the special part
of this story is that it was st.
Patrick's Day and I had one of those
shamrock shakes from McDonald's
McDonald's is serving up to one and only
camera so when I vomited it looked like
The Exorcist only a little bit more gay
always wear protection you're gonna be
having a bit of fun never ever risk it
because what's gonna happen to you is
you're gonna get a rash an absolutely
innocent rash that's got nothing to do
it out them and instantly you're gonna
think I have syphilis its chlamydia guys
dear lord it's herpes not only are you
putting that person and yourself at risk
you're also messing with your head
because every time you get a little cold
a little cuff a little bump or a lump
you're gonna think it's from the sex
don't trust people who tell you other
people's secrets this is one of the
biggest life lessons I have learned we
all know that person the gossip of the
group they thrive and they love hearing
about other people's business but what
they thrive on more is telling you about
that person's a business can I say that
again business watch out for them
they'll hear a bit of a whisper they'll
hear better gossip going down and then
BAM they're there in that corner
listening in order to store it up and
use it as a social currency to go you
never guess what I heard about Sandra
why is this everyone Sandra today the
chick in the gossip verse when you're
trying to come on to someone in a public
place give them two looks if they don't
look back with bedroom eyes give up
they've done a didn't you happen on the
tube the other day I was staring at a
guy thought maybe that girl beside him
is his friend copy his girlfriend focus
I'll give it a go so I was all
the guy looks he looks away I go okay I
got one more attempt I go he looks he
looks away he grabs his girlfriend's
hand at a stop that definitely wasn't
the stuff they wanted to get off on and
he marches both of them off the train to
get away from the psychopath sitting
opposite them Riyadh Calif give it two
attempts and then quit if you're going
to the beach and you're a kid or you've
got a nephew or you've got a little
brother or sister
don't bring any of the animals home they
will die
there is never a world or a place where
those animals are going to survive and
flourish in your shitty little plastic
container spare the child the trauma of
having to watch their new leaf and pets
perish in front of their eyes mere hours
that after they've left the fucking
beach so you know catch the animals put
them in a little bucket have a look at
them maybe pick them up maybe don't and
then put them back in the water I can't
tell you how many sand eels rock shrimp
mollusks mollusks mollusks yeah that
have perished under the the care of
Ria's it's just horrific no matter what
they tell you you don't need a heir
asleep you can function on seven five is
okay and you know what you can probably
survive on - the most important thing
you can do in the morning it's doing is
just give your body time to wake up
there is nothing worse than getting up
out of bed rushing out the door on your
mid way to college school or work and
you go oh I've got a drop a steamy one
personally I find if I wake up I give
myself about 45 minutes or so and then
you feel it you feel your body gone oh
yeah
we're about to have a mass evacuation
are you ready because we are you do it
and then you're walking on air for the
rest of the day and I think it's only
when you reach your mid-twenties that
you start to really appreciate a good
poop it's like leave home travel as much
as you can whether you believe it or not
the place that you were brought up and
the place where you're born is probably
not the place that you're designed to be
for the rest of your life I only learned
that when I came to London I know
looked around and I was like shit this
is where I fit I finally felt like I fit
I can dress how I want I can walk I want
I can talk I want I can get great
business like the boys here are gorgeous
you won't know that until you go and
visit so take your little trip and if
you find that at the end of it the place
that you're born is the place that you
love most
then fantastic there is no rush for you
to have sex there's a lot of it coming
take your time if all the people around
you're having loads of sex it's a great
congratulations whoo whoo penetration
for me I was looking around at teenage
discos and all of my mates when we're
about 13 14 15
there were kissing people they were
doing other things to each other
and I felt like oh oh shit I'm meant to
do that so you know I grabbed the
nearest girl because you know there
weren't out the window boys around for
me to kiss and you know we we made out
and we kissed and it was horrific to
suction pads just the tongues go in a
washing machine and saliva then
dribbling down and I remember her name
thank you for being my first kiss
Julianne in Wesley teenage disco I will
never forget Julianne in this life take
what you want
don't wait for it to be given to you I'm
talking mainly about your dreams your
passions your aspirations your your job
there is no big dream in this world that
can be achieved by sitting around and
just waiting there is no person that's
going to be actively working in order to
give you something whatever you want in
this world it's pretty much attainable
you just got to find out yours step by
step plan to get there and the best way
I think you could do that is they look
at people that have gone before you and
going hmm
they have the dream that I want what did
they do in order to get there and just
imitate them just do the exact same
thing that they did and if it means that
you got to call them up you got to email
them you gotta hunt them down and find
out where they are to ask them then do
that and that is your first step towards
taking what you want rather than waiting
for it to be given to you and the next
thing is related to that and that's
education if you fail in your exams if
you're shit in school it's not the end
of the world you will most likely be
fine unless you want to be a doctor
because then you really need to know
your shit what I say is watch this video
that I made
it's a fully rounded synopsis of why
education isn't the only thing that
defines who you are because there's more
intelligences out there that you aren't
tested for money spenders users get rid
of us be sensible but if there's
something that you like bias you could
be dead tomorrow
think of it that way and you'll have all
that money that you haven't spent what a
waste
don't buy all of the things but bum
treat yourself by a fucking love I did
not need that and I didn't have the
money for it did I buy of course it is
and look the best thing it's got a
little I mean I could be there all day
there's not reason enough to buy the
thing huh look at it take real pictures
I'm talking about you know the real ones
you know they're physical they're not in
a computer screen
they will last for longer than something
that could be destroyed on a cloud or
something like that all of my pictures
that I had from school and from my early
teenage years are pretty much gone
because they were on fucking bebo
where's B well now it doesn't exist and
I can't get my pictures back and it's
breaking my heart once a year pick your
10 favorite pictures and just go and get
them printed and put them somewhere safe
if you want to send nude pictures I
applaud you do it but just Jesus Christ
don't put your face in the picture
doesn't it sound simple doesn't it beat
the amount of people that bypass that
vital vital step when you're drinking
and you start to feel great stop
drinking at that point because it's only
downhill from there you start off pretty
much sober a little bit tipsy I'm
feeling fuzzy and horny hell out and you
can open up enough oh I'm so talkative
this is great look let-let's done
smoking more shots anyone down down down
kebab vomiting forgetting your name if
you can't believe what you just said to
your boss you know you get back your
line in your bed the room is spinning
you're feeling shitter than shit and you
go you know what I'm going to expel some
stomach acids to the side of the bed
Walt's forgetting that your little
brother is sleeping on the floor by the
side of the bed he then proceeds you in
the darkness vomit all over your younger
sibling unforgivable
Brian I will always always be sorry for
that if if you really really liked that
guy you're not like it your next level
like them as in you would lick them from
head to toe do one thing
try and annoy the shit out of them do
the most annoying ridiculous thing that
you can think of if they stick around
they're a keeper
linking on from that if the guy you like
is taking two or three days to text you
back just swallow your pride and realize
that he's just not that into you and he
probably never will be because men tend
to make their decision whether they're
attracted to you or not in the first few
seconds that they laid eyes on you and
then that's it so just put a nail in it
and move on because there are over three
billion or their fellows out there that
could be your prince charming hug and
kiss both your parents as much as you
possibly can because believe it or not
they're gonna be dead sorry that's
really morbid they are they're gonna die
and you're gonna be like fuck I didn't
hug them enough I didn't kiss them
enough and tell them I love them enough
so just shower them in love and
affection and get them to do the same to
you if you're a family that isn't
touchy-feely break down those barriers
just lunge at them hope that they don't
hit you in the process ahead of reflex
you wouldn't exist if your birth givers
didn't decide that might after watching
rocky and having a couple of cans of
cider that they were gonna do the do and
make you get comfortable in your own
company and more importantly get
comfortable being single it's okay
what I've realized in the last year is
that you know what it's not a failure if
I don't have a boyfriend it's not a sad
thing if I don't have a boyfriend I'm
just living I'm living and I'm loving
everything my work my friends so you
know you don't depend on another person
for your happiness if you're a happy
well-rounded person as is then you're
gonna be more ready to jump into a
relationship when that person raises
their head and comes into your life
don't use a metal knife to take your
toast at the toaster you will die
comparing yourself to someone else and
their abilities and their achievements
is just gonna make you go insane no
matter how hard you try you are stuck
with you and that is a beautiful thing
because no one else can be you for a
year
and years and I know he's gonna be
totally fine with me telling this story
he's a really good friend of mine Steven
he's a TV presenter back in Ireland and
I remember I was sitting in bed sick one
day from school and I flicked on the TV
and Stephen was there hosting a TV show
for the first time and I just started
crying I don't think he knows this and I
called my mom up I was like mom which
again because what's wrong
he's on the TV and I am NOT I am a
failure I will never get to do this
thing and he's gotten to do it and it's
just bullshit and wasted energy and
wasted emotion and something that is
completely out of your hands and hey ho
look at us about six seven years later
Stephen is killing it in Ireland on TV
absolutely killing it and I'm here and I
just landed my own TV show I mean the
world works in mysterious ways and I
think once we stop worrying about what
other people are doing and support them
and be happy for them and then just work
on ourselves then amazing things can
happen that was like the 25 life lessons
of Riyadh I hope you enjoyed them thank
you so much for watching this video
please comment below your life lessons
whatever they are how crazy they are and
my favorite one and got a pin to the top
so I'm Jack commenting get liking and I
will see you in a couple of days big
love and happy Christmas
happy early Christmas eh
