hiya Riyadh welcome back to my channel
look its mother
its father the birth-givers are here
yeah I'm home a couple of days and I
thought you know what it is been far too
long since we filmed a video together we
are doing an episode of reading mean
comments these to think that everyone
loves them which is not the case but
some people out there that think that
you're disgusting you're vile
you're bad parents I don't know why you
called me to be gay
I don't know my god what I have to say I
have only seen one show this is for you
dad damn how come your Iraqi Muslim dad
didn't kill you for being gay because I
love you ah oh yeah no no she's my eyes
look II stupid question dude what does
your father do for a living he seems
really low class I have a job do you
yeah break yeah okay awesome
well actually dad is self-employed he
has his own business
yeah and his staff and I have my own
business for 20 years so fuck you also
gay faggot slit your wrists and hang
yourself faggot gay person head
looking ass kiss dumb bitch or I'll rape
your dog very nice
breaker Zog well then easy easy is it
pathetic dirty person
bestiality your videos suck so much I
want to die just just go onto the
suggestion bar on the flight and click
on a different video and then maybe just
maybe you can happy you're one to Linda
Lee he sounds like that who's talking to
me well hello there how you doing
naughty naughty girl from from his daddy
my daddy doing this oh you live you can
see I'm in a split between these two
have a nice comment for Mom hi your mom
is the best MILF I've ever seen I hope
one day to find her a new porn Oh a porn
site the only point that goes on is in
our bedroom by yourself your parents may
accept you but Jesus doesn't repent or
you will go to hell for eternity dinner
who the fuck gives a shite oh jeez I
have no interest in Jesus Jesus is not
my life I have no religion I oh my god
don't get me started a Jesus oh you got
though but she coming your way
oh don't do that he's okay I actually
don't care Live Love and be happy amen
who cares turned off with the swearing
lowlife when I got one more for you fuck
normal Psalms don't discuss their book
sex on Grindr with her mom except this
sick freak and she should be ashamed of
herself for being on YouTube Grindr was
well known for hookups of gay men he
will catch aids in a few years and will
she be proud still heck no she will be
crying for being
we always talk we all have sex
keep an eye our age excuse maybe we
don't but you know when I was younger
when I was three at Sage I never thought
that my mom and dad had sex
Oh this video can we just say that and
today mom and dad decided that they're
going to set up their own private
channel Oh
maybe where you thought you were I don't
mind to end us okay well if I was to
teach one without her to edit would you
like to see videos from them maybe daily
vlogs or videos like this put that in
the comments below I would live for that
would you I think you two are mates
right
I know fucking faggot that's not nice
with the same thing now this is the best
comments are you for real it's not right
if ever boat everybody got killed and
only the gays were left Howie
would you repopulate naturally haters
out your perronnette are probably
disappointed in you because you're a fag
I'm disappointed in you being an asshole
what the fuck is this shit how the fuck
that I end up on this sick shit
father some love disconnected no wonder
this guy became gay no exactly the
opposite is the most connected you fool
Oh
so they're saying basically you didn't
put enough masculinity into me as a
child and other why I became actually we
are the best friends when he was kids so
it can't be that and every week we
travel across the country in the car
listening to Enya fuck the penny dropped
and you're made beginning he kept
playing and yet to me your mom looks
like a shemale with those strong jaw
lines it's a very offensive term this is
one of the most gorgeous looking mothers
I've ever seen oh I don't care about the
look thing but I don't have it's from
George jawline I wish I had as a gay man
you are everything I find revolting
about the gay thing typical attention
whoring Queen why thank you
always being an attention seeker and
he's my attention seeker and I love my
way out it's exactly the same as you are
from the age of two and who's not gonna
change the private his mother over given
slap if I was her husband I would give
her a slap Oh what you doing haha you
sad prick your mom's a slut man I'm not
lost I never have been and never will
day I've only had one man my entire life
riad cake no offense but I see where you
get your nose from your dad no offense
closer then in a haze is bigger but
minor probably look like this really no
it is what a perverted immature family
ah
do you know what I prefer to be immature
was happy unperfect then mature and
miserable how am i calling his parents
the effort I have no use for kids like
you they're talking about me calling is
to motherfuckers in an endearing way if
you could actually call your mother and
father motherfuckers and then we put our
arms around each other but I'm not just
show her clothes you are just lovely
I wish your mom would die there's no
reason why you want me to die because
I'm lovely person I'm a mom I'm a wife I
those this guy use Listerine after every
sock does his butthole stretch it and
hurts the day after being getting
plugged does his pillow smell like dick
no offense just curious what he's
obviously gay how does he know all about
that this is the best of the best
comments optimal that's fair your freaky
pedo dad told you it's bad
your freaky pedo dad taught you how to
bend over and this is why you are what
you are today
like father like son the pedo tradition
continues please don't adopt any
children
I say you need to go to mental hospital
good eye
that's it look there is one thing to say
is nice to be nice doesn't cost nothing
it's trying to be nice please but apart
from that keep giving us a comments we
can make more videos like it comment
subscribe like the video if you liked it
all that good stuff and I'll see any
couple days
love from the Calif a salt Shh and how
does it make a teeth whiter I hear you
ask well it's got a thing in it called
lauric acid or lauric as I don't
pronounce it but it basically dissolves
the compounds and the various different
bacterias that cause your teeth to go
yellow yeah
a woman talked about me hmm
god only knows what you think I have in
my mouth oh hey
