okay I'm gonna call and get Wyatt you're
gonna call and get wine yeah don't worry
about that I don't do that why come back
hi I'm Brianna welcome back to my
channel this guy his payment Mike ritzy
we've been like internet friends for
over a year
we're two masters we're two jokers we
came up with a pretty funny idea Joker's
but we would call various companies or
various people and try and fool someone
into thinking that although they got a
call they are now on an automated line
and we're just gonna fuck around with
them I feel like you're Irish and I feel
like I just want to embrace the
Irishness fuck around yeah today just
gettin a fucker I mean I can't do that
motherfucker
Mike is gonna be the em and I'm gonna be
the hello there welcome to the call
connect line that's good I can't do that
that's why I'm Boop
I don't know if they're gonna believe it
or not okay already okay we're calling
Utah parent Lee we're calling
welcome to call connect press 1 to be
connected to the caller would you like
to be connected please say yes or no
would you like to be connected please
say yes or no you said no main menu
press one for call information press 2
for call rates press 3 for long-distance
inquiries press 4 could be connected to
the caller press they have amazing
customer service do you know that she
had to say
JetBlue is releasing this call and
before she did yeah oh my gosh said that
we got pretty far and your folks were on
point
thanks guys let's call a random ur ok
random ur Walmart yes yes they're always
working hate them underpaying
cringing fucking bastard welcome to call
connect please press 1 to be connected
to the caller would you like to be
connected please say yes or no you said
no main menu press 1 for call
information press 2 for call rates
now Walmart you should have said Walmart
is releasing both calls I think you
should try one should I try one right
Walmart okay I'll do the boots okay do
you want to do over herself
welcome to call connect press 1 to be
connected to the caller yeah yeah ok a
little bit lower you have that you
better go
welcome to call connect ah no press 1 to
be connected to the caller sometimes I'm
like it's so hot you're sexy
I could talk like this all day do you
like that don't you
oh my god you have a semi oh my god I
can see it audience
err I'm chaining welcome whoa whoa whoa
I'm too gay for this shit
why don't you do with that other lady if
you think you can't go batty welcome to
call connects press 1 to be connected to
the collar Billy modular gambit oh my
god you're so good at that
don't even why doesn't she be
gender-fluid and you can let go but we
have some friends that just joined us
they're gonna be super quiet in the
bathroom while we do it
welcome to call connect press 1 to be
connected to the caller
I'm sorry I didn't get that welcome to
call connect press 1 to be connected to
the caller
JetBlue welcome to caucus they didn't
know what we were doing we've been doing
for like an hour
it's cuz I had this in my hands and I
was like JetBlue and then she's like
alarm I know talk to that oh that was so
much fun yeah what we do that every year
yeah absolutely make sure you check out
the video we just did a Mike's channel
and all of his links and stuff are down
below in the description and I will see
you in a couple of days my lovelies let
me so much
yeah sure Organic tampon when I saw
these I nearly hit the floor mattre care
for a vagina with values natura care for
the pure pussy natural care for the
loving labia you know we know the
organic well let's just try the
absorbency
