hi i'm riyadh welcome back to my channel
and there is no wine left in the house
so today i am left with my brother
slider that he left last time he visited
but what makes it bearable as the fact
that it is in a wine glass and so all is
okay in the world all is fine the
alcohol exists today i'm bringing you
with me on my la adventure and i went
over there specifically really for this
massive event you may or may not have
heard of the cup VidCon 30 to 35,000
people every year why was I there well
your guess is as good as mine I fuck
around on the internet with a camera and
then all of a sudden that I hate you
wanna come sure best part of VidCon was
meeting so many of you people who watch
my videos every night at VidCon it is
known for the after parties my bedroom
in the hotel was looking out over a
party now a party that was being set up
for the last three or four days this was
a major major shindig I didn't know how
to get in I didn't I didn't know really
anything about it until someone said oh
yeah John that is that's the YouTube be
VIP party so of course I was like fuck
how do I get into this if I'm here with
my friends Tyler Oakley hey girl how you
doing
a Detroit Royce of I'm tasty nice that
love you boo hey dude oh my god I'm
having such a good time with the VIP
party that I did not get into Melanie
and I are sitting in there in a room
just that children and because we are
not cool enough to be invited to the VIP
YouTube party I have an idea Melanie
we're getting in we're gonna get in
we're getting in we can't get in I know
we can't get in cuz we can't get in
physically but we can see in from the
window no well what are you up to Marie
I'm daddy
I brought my drone with me let's go over
there I'm fly-in and see see you is that
the party who we can party with huh key
and this spot like behind the car
parking with like trees and shit I was
gonna take it off and join the party
okay mommy I'm good by me good idea
where you good idea okay a listener
while you're nervous they're making me
nervous
we're just going to the party
all cheering ed you know I can hear them
all cheering haha I give the inside
it's such a fun party yeah dance baby
dance
let's bring her
then mission completed it we did and
then when you land it you run away fast
on the very first night of VidCon and
they're in a room then what I can only
call the moment happened I'm sure you
know her her name is Mei Marie heart
fantastic youtuber I've been a fan up
for so long she walks past my eyeline
about 10 feet away from me and I just go
I'm sweating my heart is pandan I don't
know what to do do a wine hawker do I
want a liqueur do I want to be her about
five minutes of pass and like a puppy
I'm distracted by something shiny in the
corner and then all of a sudden mamrie
walks this far away from me and in a
moment of panic I reach out and grab her
arm now I don't just grab her arm I
death grip mamrie hearts
arm she turns and looks me up and down I
look deep into her eyes and because of
the mixture of jet lag alcohol and
fangirling nothing happens for about
four seconds it was a beautiful yet very
very creepy moment finally Riyadh's
brain decides to go fuck fuck fuck say
something so I open my mouth and I say I
really like your videos and then she
looks me up and down again and says I
recognize you yeah I've seen your video
seen your stuff yeah I recognize you oh
Jesus guys I just let it out like no
really you're kidding
which one's when did you see it who show
jet did you like it love your memory so
VidCon was over and then I decided you
know what I'm gonna chill out for a week
so I went out to Santa Monica
just to decompress and wind
who
and we all know you cannot be on a beach
in Santa Monica without at generous dose
of Lana Del Rey
Oh
too hard
Oh
all my
enjoy
so I just
ah thank you thank you very much then we
decided to go to one of the most
disgusting ugly overhyped places I've
ever heard of called
Malibu it's not nice it's not pretty
I guess what made ugly Malibu somewhat
bearable was the fact that we were on
get this not even joking about this
Caitlyn Jenner and Cher's
private beach well let's get real Malibu
is insane
I thought you know a month's private
beach and very rarely it'd have this
opportunity so um what what can I do go
skinny-dipping alone it was the most
liberating moment of my life I swear I
could feel fishies around my bits and
what makes the trip to Malibu even
better is that we got an uber home now
you know when you booked an uber and the
name of the person comes up the driver
and a little picture this picture came
up and instantly I knew I this woman
this woman is gonna be one of my
favorite people that I've ever met I
could tell just by her face and her
smile that's all a talk I give to you
Kim I am I can't we have got the nicest
most maternal most caring uber driver
all times meet Kim hello
EMS provided us with water and is
bringing us home safe
well in that case I have fruit snacks
you don't
yes fucking fruit snacks
anyway I'm home now happy to be home
back into a bit of a routine more videos
coming very soon and thank you so much
for watching this one I hopefully see
you and a bunch of other people there at
VidCon next year and I'll be at summer
in the city in London if you're gonna be
there I'm off to Ireland play with an
error to spend some time with my family
there be a video of that to wait love
you chat see in a couple of days bye Shh
