hi i'm riyadh welcome back to my channel
and you've been there I've been there
talking on a date nap to some beautiful
being three four messages in and they
just disappear off the face of the earth
they have vanished from existence why
why I ask you we may never know today
though I'm gonna go through the top ways
that you cannot just keep someone
interested in you on a dating app but
grab that person and their interest and
their lust for you right from the get-go
if it's a sea of thirsty bitches out
there that you have to stand out from
you have got to be the most interesting
the most attractive and the most worthy
of their attention and it's not an easy
thing to do getting a date these days is
harder than getting a fucking job sorry
and why trust me and this advice well I
have been on every single dating app I
have been turned down I have been turned
up I've been turned left right and
center I have been there before but also
of course I'm gonna be using some actual
data and so to demonstrate how you're
gonna become the most I just spat in
front of I just spat on you I am so
sorry I'm gonna be using there this
habit surge I just seem to put the guys
about a month ago I've been using this
app for that long it is for gay men
there's a million users around the world
but everything I'm saying will work for
gays straights bi trans whatever you are
these tips will work for you okay it
comes as no surprise the most important
thing when it comes to online dating are
your pictures but in particular the
first picture this is the one that's
gonna hook and cheese them and bring
them into your warm and loving embrace
as far as you can see I've chosen my
eyes a-team to be a good selfie
it just means you know when you look
good good lighting you're centered and
there is no one else in that first
picture to distract them or confuse them
as to who you are next you want to show
oh he's got friends he he likes nature
he scrubs up well look at him there in
that suit and those shades oh and he
knows had to take a selfie that's
important when it comes to gay
relationships by the way that comes
before sex
before through
food before having a meaningful
conversation if you can't take a selfie
you're not on the list
oh look he's got an interest show what
you do well cameras microphone whatever
they may think I'm a photographer little
do they know I'm just an idiot that
fucks around with a camera talking to it
by myself
good show what it is that you get out of
bed for in the morning apart from that
glorious start of the day shit oh do
they know that you've got a loving
maternal warm instinct oh my god now
they do look at him they're holding that
ridiculously small dog but honest the
only want to show is that you have got a
social life that you do like hanging
around with people and make them want to
be part of that fun and that story and
the great thing is you can attach your
Instagram account to your surge again so
you know if they want to click through
and see how amazing you are and it's
improving if you do link another social
media account to your surge account
you're three times more likely to get a
match now on to the bio this is the bit
where you're going to describe stuff
about yourself that you couldn't show in
the pictures you're gonna dig a little
deeper who are you where are you what
makes you happy what makes you sad what
is it about you that makes you so
interesting that they're gonna need to
know more once again you're hooking them
you're teasing them and you're pulling
them in do not use single words to
describe yourself you just sound like a
fucking born robot tall mask femme
accountant hookups only foot fetish not
now never mind so for instance this is
what I put and this is how it's meant to
be read Irish guy working in media new
to London and looking for Prince
Charming or at the very least an equally
as weird person to go plane spotting
with
and then that calls action that reason
for them to reach out to ask to want
more
tell me about you be short be snappy but
before me be a bit cheeky tell them what
makes you absolutely unique perhaps that
you've an incredible collection of
unreleased celine dion material from
1992 that on cold nights alone you like
to get hot dogs and place them in
between your toes and then eat them one
by one whatever it is that set you apart
fuck it in there it can only lead to
good things next up it's pretty simple
use the out you know these hippies that
say don't look for love love will find
you bullshit in this day and age where
time and attention come at a premium
you've got to go huntin hunting like a
starvin hyena at in the savanna and is
dying for its fill now the fun bit
making contact don't be afraid to be the
first one to make contact if you're on
search and you're swiping away and they
match that means that there's something
about you they liked
so Joey 24 is nine Columbus away look
super cute and I'm gonna drop in a
message
so unfortunately Joe didn't have
anything in this file that I can work
with just a picture of him in the
spider-man costume hey Joe wanna spray
that web on none of mine hey Joe so
that's about it go forth
get those dates get that mmm whatever
that is I don't know I like I said I
teamed up with the guys at search to
make this video and they're giving me
the chance to give you a one-month
premium subscription so you just got to
go into the app and enter in the promo
code riyadh k and there you go
you can get swiping you can get power
liken you can get sent in public and
private pictures of your dinner or
whatever you want to send and there is
no chance and you run that guy's cuz
it's like over a million people on the
app worldwide so good luck with it and
if you've any mad crazy embarrassing
stories from dating apps in the past or
dating face to face i need to know what
they are down below
in the comments so we can all have a
laugh together and like the video
subscribe if you want more videos for me
I make a bed to a week and of course my
Legend of the week I've got two of them
and these lovely guys sent me letters
from the Netherlands and from Croatia
Vidur and William Gray thank you so much
guys and if you want to send me a letter
I open all of them you can mail them to
the address which is then in the
description below and I'll see you in a
couple of days love ya see you later
Shh can we pretend to be straight white
man mm oh we don't want to kiss you ah
do it dear ain't awaitin doing Hannah
Witton felt like it's your first time
