I thought the t-shirt was pretty
suitable for today's video it is these
you should be focusing on not exams well
to you and I from the age of four or
five years old we have been brainwashed
brainwashed to believe that our worth in
this world our future successes our
dreams our hopes our aspirations and our
intelligence all comes down to one thing
a result at the end of an exam paper
bullshit let's break it down you study a
subject for three to six years probably
a subject you hate such as algebra which
you will never use again you're forced
into an exam hall which is stifling hot
full of other students there's carbon
dioxide in the air it's making your
brain flow you've been stressing
stressing stressing and anxious for
months on end that you in this two-hour
period will have to regurgitate and
vomit
six years of content onto a page and
prove that you are worthy of a place in
a prestigious College and they don't
care if you've got shit going on in your
family life if you've got an undiagnosed
learning disability or if you're not
book-smart because you my friend are
supposed to store on a fucking harddrive
look into your asshole six years worth
of information there is a reason why the
mental health of today's youth is so
fucked up we're all looking for
counselors were looking for therapists
we are committing suicide we are going
insane because we are under too much
pressure at a young fragile delicate age
while we are supposed to be figuring out
what we want to do with the rest of our
life figuring out what a relationship is
just figuring ourselves and but that
doesn't matter because it is of vital
importance for you to know that five X
minus 4 y plus 3z equals 10
alpha boy he scored and the lowest 10%
of his school exams I'm here to tell you
that you can still follow your dream get
your goal and be a happy person even if
you fail your exam because guess what
there are a myriad there are thousands
of different intelligences out there
which are not tested that you may be a
genius in emotional intelligence
interpersonal interview 'men skills
artistic skills environmental awareness
and the one that we seem to be lacking
so much in today's society plain and
simple common sense but yes I could
already hear you typing in the comments
below what if you want to be a doctor
what if you want to be a pilot of course
there are certain jobs in the world if
you really want to do them you will have
to pass a huge amount of exams every day
I get tweets from students all over the
world asking me to wish them luck in
their exams and I will not wish you look
in your exams I will wish you look in
your life I wish you look chasing that
dream and that thing that you are born
to do you should study and you should
study hard but do not study to the point
where your mental health and your
happiness is put at risk to the point
where the relationship with your friends
and your family is put at risk where you
are a 16 year old lying in bed awake at
night wondering what the hell is going
to happen to you when these exams are
over
so you fail the exam so it's still alive
it's still breathing your parents still
love you hopefully almost every single
job on this planet has an alternative
route of how to get there you just have
to figure it out
a lot of it will take a bit more time a
bit more networking a bit more hard
graft late nights but if it's what you
really really want those late nights
that hard work should be fun that is why
it's called your passion I went from
being at the bottom 10% of the exam
results in my school to the top 10% of
the exam result in my college why one
thing and one thing alone I was finally
studying something I was interested in
and instead of it taking me three years
to finish college it took me five years
five glorious years of figuring out who
I wanted to be travelling fail
relationships that I learned from
networking networking networking
networking and now finally live
being my dream and if you are still
somehow feeling anxious about those
upcoming exams let me just tell you the
failure is as important as success
Steven Spielberg was rejected from film
school in California
twice Oprah Winfrey where three billion
dollars was taken off air at the news
reporter involves more because she was
too emotionally invested in the stories
Thomas Edison the man who invented this
and the first camera was told in school
that he was too stupid to learn and
dyslexic multi-billionaire Richard
Branson owner of virgin was told that he
was stupid slow and lazy in school all
you need for success in this world are
three things a passion a goal and to
know where you want to go a hard hard
work ethic and to put that into action
thank you for listening to my rant I
hope it helped in some way if you know
someone going through exams at the
moment please share this video with them
and hopefully it will give them a bit of
motivation make sure you subscribe
comment below and like this video as
well and I will see you next week bye
Shh no that's what I say it was so
stupid no really yeah I know you were
thinking about it I didn't know your ass
you know I was I was oh
