Shaya on Riyadh and I'm here with my
mates the flame twins we have never done
something like this on my channel which
is cooking and merging so your version
to climber I'm a newly figured out that
I'm dairy-free wheat free yeast free I
kind of any of it so essentially my life
is no healthy raw vegan cheese
cakes what are the main ingredients that
we're going to use em it's one of my
favorites is called match that you've
never a match of tea I've been drinking
it for about a year now it gives you
this five-hour energy boost like you're
like go go go go it's 20 times more
antioxidants the normal green tea it
flushes all all of these and free
radicals out of your body it's just
amazing go look at some smokers glow no
makeup ok first job I'm gonna give it to
reaiise you're gonna put the little
paper cases into each of the 12 and then
don't dunk over them so while rehabs
doing that just popular than it'll cases
we're gonna make the base so basic for
traditional cheesecake would be
digestive biscuits and butter but we
don't want any of that we're gonna make
this super healthy okay so we got 150
grams of raw warmups in the exhibit
these cheesecakes are well known
aphrodisiacs
there really are eating another Gris to
get your mojo this stuff is really good
for blood flow for your brain for circle
area DIC and then flow is vitally
important for all your major organs with
100 grams of chopped dates that's
chopped pitted day so we just chopped up
like 150 grams of cashew nuts they're
raw cashew nuts and we've two
tablespoons of coconut oil
that beautiful okay so what you're
looking for here for a while like a
breadcrumb like texture they're coated
all about helpline to potato and really
bring it together
well your phone straight in there yeah
okay what do you reckon delicious you
know I know they're sweet from the dates
yeah amazing and it's all stick look
look you're gonna take a tablespoon like
I'm doing here
yeah kind of a heat tablespoon into each
one so this is for twelve twelve little
cupcakes like you press it sandy yeah
it's not like one and a half feet open
and then just mash it down filling time
right we're gonna make first we're gonna
make the matcha green-tea little cupcake
sexy beautiful delicious and good for
you
main face were going to use is the
avocado all the way yeah rather than
using kind of I don't know why I said
like all this off there for like fifteen
decoration no so this is good in
monounsaturated fat good your skin good
American for your joints if you can get
a hassle and that's the black one like
this it'll just be slightly more fatty
or more creamy and make sure it's right
full avocado really I did not know you
could do it that fast you just leave the
focus working squeezing might might
mount how's it first time you two okay
next we're gonna go in with cashew nut
butter we're gonna go with what kind of
a roll cashew nut butter if you can use
I'm juice peanut use whatever you can
but cashew nut butter will add that
lovely creamy texture like kind of a
typical cheesecake we're gonna put in
five to six tablespoons okay there we
are we've got about five tablespoons or
cashew nut butters in you put in two
tablespoons of coconut oil
yes we're out I need you to put in four
tablespoons of liquid sweetener we're
using the cafe you could use maple syrup
honey whatever you're into did you say
four yet four tablespoons please next
step we're gonna put in a pinch of salt
next step we're gonna get one orange so
this is essentially a replacement for
water just to give give you that
moisture flavor yeah exactly flavor
we like and last step matcha green tea
power we're gonna put in 1 teaspoon if
you do want this buying and full of
matcha green tea put a little more so we
made a mistake it's meant to be 4
tablespoons of cocoa there too okay okay
so let's get your spoons we're gonna
just just knock it in we want to do
let's do the top six
so these Archaeology berries okay so
we've made our matcha green tea little
beautiful cheesecakes now it's time to
make a blueberry fellas again similar
ingredients for using avocado as a base
cashew nut butter Dave you pump in the
full avocado yes sir reenter tablespoons
of twice cashew nut butter so me four
tablespoons of coconut oil in it goes
next step blueberries this is gonna add
a wonderful purple color so if you do
use fresh blueberries it won't go quite
as per plea but if you can't get frozen
ones for whatever reason they just add a
much darker richer color because they're
smaller and then we're kind of like a
lot of there it's got more concentrated
juice
we've got 100 grams of frozen
blueberries and they go nickel sweetener
we have a new put in 4 tablespoon yes
pinch of salt and kaboom
ah hello just scoop them in now if you
are making them for people that you
don't know you probably shouldn't be use
double dipping your spitty spoon but I
don't care yeah these are just for use
it for the lads yeah why would I jack
right in him just put a few blueberries
in the top okay we have to work your
magic so they are they look really
really pretty to make himself real love
right now they're a bit runny bit gooey
bits off any time to harden we're gonna
put in the freezer for an hour just down
here is our freezer and they go off yet
beautiful so you're gonna match I'm gone
blue Brie Bella is the opener nice day
like look about wow look at that
it's a fun shot there but they're very
pretty aren't they like gods
you know very pretty check that eh okay
Cheers lots cheers to do for work - raw
vegan happiness mmm yeah I love the
Bluebird we come to turn up the way
they're cold as well mmm
well that's thank you so much all right
you have saved me from having a boring
life now that I can't eat dairy I can
eat this go over and take a look at
that channel I love these guys
link is in the description at make sure
you like share and subscribe and Robbie
ug we're gonna try and get this video to
3,000 likes that we're gonna try and do
that come on guys we can do it so my
legend of the week is two people riding
and Aiden be our new youtubers I love
these guys to live in the UK I check out
their channel they've got some really
cool stuff up there their link is then
at the description as well and I will
see you next week bye bye Shh this is my
ex-boyfriend Jonathan what's your
favorite thing I did in bed oh god don't
then and when you would make that noise
you go
