hi-yah happy Christmas
it's Riyadh here oh I can't say Happy
Christmas because you might be an
American
happy holidays Jesus Christ I can't say
that either it is that time of year when
we give each other something special
syphilis this is why I'm doing a festive
Q&A and I decided for once I will not
drink wine in the intro of my video
shall we begin
is there someone special in your love
life at the minute hmm have I answer
this one
there have been dates they have been
fantastic dates this person is
unbelievably attractive and super super
nice and very very romantic
there will be more dates I'm sure
unfortunately as per usual I choose
someone who is hundreds and hundreds of
miles away from me
so I don't know I'm just going to like
go with it and see what happens
who knows how did you get your job in
radio is it what you saw yourself doing
as a career well I actually just left my
job in radio I'm moving to love them to
a new job and to focus on you and
YouTube for a while but getting into
radio is really really hard I say now in
this day and age the best thing to do is
this set up your YouTube channel then
approach a radio station and say hey
look look how cool I am I make videos on
the internet talking shit to myself if
you have to choose one animated series
character which you could relate to Dory
from Finding Nemo because she's super
forgetful and she is hilarious what's
your best Christmas memory I asked my
mom for a Furby remember Furby no oh god
this is freaking me out that certain
ones of you will not know what a Furby
is it was this little furry gizmo that
had opening and closing eyes and had a
mouth and ears and it could tell if you
were in the room and if it was light or
dark it was kind of like an Tamagotchi
oh god you don't know what a Tamagotchi
is either Jesus it was like it's Hedy
bear on crack but anyway they were
completely sold out all across Dublin
and and Ireland you couldn't get one on
this Christmas I think I must have been
available six
seven years old and my mom lined up at a
toy store overnight into midnight I
think and got one of the final final
ones in this one store that has them and
I came down the stairs and before I even
went into the room I collapsed onto the
floor like a dramatic little gay boy and
started crying and wailing because I got
a Furby
oh my garlic I believed it when you were
stressed out what do you do to relax
that is a good one I generally liked my
little Jonah long handle and just place
it somewhere it goes somewhere super
quiet maybe have a glass of wine but not
always because wine is not always the
answer just most of the time and I
usually watch a really shitty movie or
play flight simulator on my phone but
I'm really nerdy like that until my
problem fizzles away and then I'm back
and I'm fine
what's the most embarrassing thing
you've ever done I left the side of my
last Q&A because they thought it was too
disgusting and there everyone keeps
asking the same fucking question are you
ready here we go eleven years old with
using dental floss it tasted minty so
I've swallowed the floss two days later
I'm on the toilet
I feel something dangling from my body I
look down it looks like I have a
tapeworm because I was watching
Discovery Channel and I know what they
look like ice cream my mother comes up
to the bathroom she also screams and
begins to cry we both don't know what to
do is this the end this is it
she gets to yellow rubber gloves and
begins to pull the tapeworm from me
before she realizes that it is in fact
the dental floss that was consumed 48
hours previously that is my most
embarrassing story now it is out there
and I will never live it down
thank you James Kirkland who's your gay
youtubers crush it's kind of an easy one
for me gotta be Troye Sivan there is
nothing like someone who has that like
mysterious look in his eye where you
don't know what the fuck he's thinking
about but also it's super talented
really intelligent
and has a soft Australian accent like
yet how did you come out that is a
really really long answer depends if
you're talking about my parents or my
friends or in general and I am actually
thinking about doing a handed I could
make video with both mom and dad and
either side of me so if that is
something you'd like to see and the
story of how that played out let me know
in the comments below because it is very
personal story and it's something that
I've been quite nervous about making do
you want to build a snowman
no would you ever start doing drag how'd
you know I haven't already sexual
fantasy that you want to come true
picture this I'm in a room surrounded by
my favorite candle the handsome man
walks in he has a grilled toasted cheese
sandwich so much cheese that it is
spilling out of the edges the shit is
falling all over the plates he hands it
to me I eat it he walks away heaven what
is your favorite thing about London it
has got to be the ability to just walk
around through the streets in whatever
attire you want to wear you can be
whatever style or whatever first and you
can speak whatever way you want and no
one gives a fuck no one cares about you
and why you might be different or weird
it's just plainly and broadly accepted I
think here in Ireland because we have a
much smaller population and everyone
knows everyone and we're a lot more kind
of like did you see him oh did you see
her who would you like to collab with if
you could pick anyone what the hey
Miranda obviously I mean I'm just
infatuated by the woman I know that I
will find girl the day that I meet her
and I'm terrified about that moment
because I don't want to ruin it I want
to be your friend are you going to play
list next year in Orlando that is the
plan I'm definitely going to be a summer
the city in London and VidCon in
California I'm gonna try and get to
Orlando for playlist how often do you
masturbate and it's always the nameless
profile I mean who is eme that's not
your name I will give you an answer
though whenever I
the urge and that can change what would
you miss the most from Ireland once
moving apart from family it would be the
ability to say whatever I want at any
time I want in any place I want without
ever being judged in Ireland we
celebrate verbal diarrhea you could say
and no one will bat an eyelid it will be
like saying I went to the shop when I
bought myself a loaf of bread
what are your recent emojis here they
are I like the kind of cheeky ones and
the kind of lovey-dovey one and the the
safdie bitchy ones will you consider
selling murchison love you babe love you
too and I will absolutely it's actually
being designed right now and it is
really pretty looking I'm trying
trying to get it out there before I hit
a hundred thousand subscribers which is
going to be pretty soon which is
exciting and so tell me would you buy
the merch and exactly what kind of merch
would you like because there's all sorts
of stuff that we're thinking of making
of course it's gonna be t-shirts and
hoodies and probably wristbands what I
think you can get like condoms and shot
glasses and all that crazy stuff makes
it I know you love your Beatle will you
miss it after you move to London yes one
of the main things I'm gonna miss that
little gorgeous gorgeous car that I call
Bernie after my grandmother is so
sentimental to me she died I think about
a year and a half ago and it was her car
I was with her when she bought it years
ago and I got it so every time I'm in
the car I can another sense weird for
the smell of like the leather seats
reminds me of her and I have a little
plastic flower in the front still it's
just a piece the last piece of hurt that
I have so the car will be staying in the
family don't worry the little green
people and I just won't be driving it
were you killed after you called radar
see at bollocks and live TV okay some
people might not know what this is and
there's a TV show that I was on and the
host his name is Rae Dorothy and I tried
to get him to take a selfie and he
wasn't smiling so I said this the funny
thing is after the show ended I wasn't
killed the producer actually came up to
me and said thank you for doing that
most embarrassing chat apply never use
are you magician
when I look at you everyone else
disappears and it worked what was the
best concert you've ever been to Lady
Gaga the Monster Ball her first ever
tour I was and still am a die-hard fan I
went to the show by myself and sat
nerely on the back row because I could
only afford those tickets and i sat
there crying alone and dancing it was a
life-changing night will you be doing
meetups when you move here to London
absolutely and probably every second
week in various Park once I find out
where the fuck they are have you been
practicing your British accent for your
big move all right mate how's it going
gives the cup of tea
oh fuck the tube is late tomorrow any
New Year's resolutions to make more
YouTube videos to make better YouTube
videos to be left hard on myself to
maybe drink a little bit less that's in
the New Year not now to find a husband
to be healthier to get more muscles I
could go on ten recommendations for
Irish youtubers but not everyone might
know ok I'm going to do this differently
I'm gonna be less than 10 and I'm gonna
do for all youtubers everywhere if
you're just starting and you don't know
what kind of videos to make just go with
what you know you know you're an expert
in something whether it's had to do your
own hair really fucking well has to be
for me how to cook it could be anything
to save up get really good equipment
don't make videos right now I'm sure the
equipment when you can wait like six
months and make videos and really really
slick cool equipment teach yourself how
to edit it's the best skill that you can
ever ever learn whether it be just for
making YouTube videos or in a job the
underline or making your auntie's
wedding video and when you're making
videos make stuff that will make people
happy try and stay away from the crap
that we've seen from certain youtubers
recently where it's just shock factor
make people upset and doesn't really do
anything what are some of your favorite
things to do where you are from things
that you'd recommend visitors to go and
do or
the Guinness Factory it's like Willy
Wonka's chocolate factory but for
alcoholic there's a thing called the
Viking splash tour where you drive
around on a boat slash van that drives
into the water and you scream at
passers-by pretending to be a Viking you
can get a bike and cycle around the
Phoenix Park which Beyonce did have you
ever taken shampoo and conditioner
bottles from hotels yes always
would you ever strip or pose nude in a
magazine you know what this came into my
head before if it was one of those
really really classy mood shoots then I
would top tips for getting where you
want in life you can't get your
destination without knowing what that
destination is so in your head no matter
how big or head phrase your unrealistic
that goal is think of it picture it
visualize it and then you know where you
need to get and then all you have is the
journey from A to B best thing that's
come from YouTube and you know when I
read this I thought oh they're obviously
talking about like what physical pain
have I gotten that does come from
YouTube or what Trek have I've been able
to go on but come from YouTube but when
you break it down the best thing that
has come from YouTube is me having this
online community of friends you I know
that sounds really cheesy but it's very
true well do you feel like you know we
better I hope you do and time for my
legend of the week and I was clearing
out my room ahead of my big move and I
came across this and I realized that I
never gave this guy a sharing person who
made this George Clark one of my
favorite subscribers and he gave this
amazing scrapbook to me over the summer
at somewhere in the city and I I got
emotional I gotta say I did he has taken
the time to couldäôt little snapshots
from each and every one my videos even a
really really old one and and put a
little like comment on each one and look
at the work that went into that like
unbelievable George I love you I love
your tweets I love your little messages
of support and
I cannot wait to see you and all the
rest and next summer at some wonder city
go follow him on Twitter he's the lovely
lovely guy and I know he has a fantastic
blog as well and you can check out the
link for that down in the description
anyway thank you for watching and
subscribe if you're not already and hit
me up on Facebook Twitter and Instagram
maybe you'll be next week legend of the
week and I will see you next time what
is the most disgusting thing that you've
seen on a flight from a passenger please
don't put your baby on a row of three
seats whip off a shitty nappy and when
we can round with the band try in hand
Oh No
