we are in the middle of the Hilton Hotel
event get our passes and how many of our
blocking don't move don't move the
lighting here is fucking amazing
let's see your all-day shit look at that
ok I'm not American so forgive me but I
think this woman's name is Katy courage
courage
this is just great to see my friend
Callum just got stopped by a group of
girls and you can say just with them
he's such a hard worker
yeah okay okay sorry
yeah
we had lovely viewers they loves him
they loves him for a reason cuz he's
local
I have to learn my Magic Mike dance all
over again so that I can go and then
perform it at four o'clock on the
broadband TV snakes we are going to
chill out here for a while move your
hair so much dude
it's so pretty guys like look it's a
pretty relevant don't fucking touch it
again we're going to be a native thing
now we add is going to do the
performance now all the way from Ireland
mr. Riyadh Kola
this is a big year for you what's what's
down the road we could always like to
mention a viral video okay you can't
just decide that one is going to get my
rose but you make it hope we're filming
a green video together we can't
really we're filming two videos one for
name's Tyler welcome to mine that one
involves driving around in LA in the car
I'm doing some things both Aries so we
there's something about managing Mike
than you Ben
then you've been doing
we are here just for doing our hobby
like just yeah
for having fun on campus if you are
thinking at all about making a YouTube
channel or starting making videos do you
wait just you do it you've probably seen
this guy's videos everywhere is Jon
Cozart got like 25 million views in
couple of days I'm bent over and we're
gonna perform the start at that viral
video
all over again
look at that
that's Roland hi bitch has to pop your
head as a burnt yeah it is yeah you need
to get some good enjoys it being a bold
bitch we're proud to unveil is for those
channels that have hit that truly
rarefied air of 10 million subscribers
and we'll probably have a few of them in
the room right here I'm tired do I look
tired cuz I'm tired
Melanie's there we're drinking wine many
wine and we're not going to many parties
were going to one we go to one party a
good pack and a hotel room on the second
floor I think if you'd be glad yeah yeah
we're gonna try and fly the fly
fatherland and make friends with the man
try try and fight the fact Americans
love us they do they're like say
something oh alright alright
day two of VidCon and you know I thought
I'd summer a top of it got the necklace
got the shirt
so I was just walking through VidCon I
met these lovely people Austin and Jess
and they were like hey we had we're
gonna have a baby food and we were
thinking up your name did it leave a
myriad I think that's a really good idea
the kids will be bullied like shit for
the first fourteen years of its life
cause it's like everyone will remember
who he literally the coolest guy at
VidCon I want one I'm gonna get free get
outta hell cards can I have a get out of
hell card Jesus birth praise Lord can I
try this one please thank you
can I try this one please thank you
thank you mmm fuckin delicious
