so what he's gonna do is he's going to
bring up your old one and your new one
and we're going to see the difference
I can't wait see you ready yeah oh look
at that Wow
oh my god hi it's the number one
father-son duo back together again
oh you know so we are back in the same
location that we were about just about
six months ago when Dad had his hair
restoration surgery done oh sorry it's
expensive precious hair the main part of
this is to find out did the surgery work
work was it successful because a lot of
the hair is naturally don't take hold
and they fall out I think from looking
at your hair your grillak that's how
much for here I mean that is that's a
lot that is a lot of hair right there oh
sorry
does mom go grabbing it good if you
haven't seen the original video and I'm
gonna bring it up on screen here you can
either click on that or another link to
it down below we can watch the entire
surgery that I've had it's absolutely
fascinating and give us your comment
because I read all your comments oh he
told you go to every cover dodged it one
99% in half I'm most of them are mice
has anyone been mean to you how could
you be mean to dis gorgeous hey do I
will find them and what will you do to
them oh it eliminates and it slave
nation and I will kill you since you had
the surgery done have you felt any
different
yeah well it give you lost confidence
you know younger
okay buddy let's go
the Magic Man is here Morris my man
thank you so much for all you've done
but we don't know how great the result
has been yeah cuz they haven't seen the
picture I can't stop looking at myself
in the mirror yeah my house murder
anymore I pass by even a reflection of
the glass I always look the six months
checkering is to make sure that all the
incisions of the back is healed and the
grass was darking the roads and it's
very obvious that they are so what that
has now is actually going to thicken and
get even more full that it'll strengthen
I don't like the word thick because it
gives the impression that we can get
full density like you can never get full
density but we can stop a bald man from
developing and this hair is something I
know you spend a lot of money on this
but this is an investment you're going
to take to the grave yeah hopefully the
one thing that I almost don't want to
stay alive forever I'm looking at the
hairline these hairs look totally
natural you can see the single hairs in
the front we grave the hairs if you have
the bigger ground stuff in the front
they don't have natural whereas these
graphs that we put in here have blended
in beautifully to me indicate the key
element is that it must look natural and
obviously you still got a bit of hair
loss back here and someday in the future
we might deal with that for you but I
just want to look at the back area here
and this is where we took the hair from
you can't really see any scars very very
thing very good probably a technical
perspective the transplant has worked
out extremely well the hair is growing
beautifully and please keep the we
wanted we want to surprise it you've got
our red oh you're a surprise so what
he's gonna do is he's going to bring up
your old one and your new one and we're
gonna see the difference I'm going to
look with Morris first Wow the first
thing that strikes me that confidence in
the face yeah luckily I can't wait see
that is a difference okay you ready oh
look at that Wow Wow old fella young
fella look how thin is there that was so
thin you can see oh I could see oh my
god and that'll be your hairline now for
the rest of your life because that's
permanent yeah those hairs that the
implanted er are not going to fall out
ever to me the important things are on
the position of the hairline yeah
and then the Dome of the head you can
see the donor centers becoming visible
you can't see it at all there the key
elements and that amazing that
unbelievable it's a lot of hard work
there Morris thank you we do appreciate
it greatly in the fact that you put your
trust in us but we're very good at what
we do we're very proud of what we do
here and when I see a smile on
sporadic absolutely brilliant do you
feel that oh thanks the two of us huh
hey bro I'm over here they did their
hard work I'm happy for you it's so
happy for you either when you come back
to me in six months time when we take
another photograph and we look at the
photograph together it would be better
than today's forever
this is the transplanted hair here and
this is the area that's still bald in
six months time when you come back to
see me again we re-examine the donor
area there and we see if we can get some
hair from there just to put a small
coverage in there to get rid of the
shining gold I'd be amazed you might
decide that you'd like more take this up
here and just accept that yeah do you
remember and over six months ago when we
sat here yes for that initial
consultation and you saw for the first
time what it looked like
oh whoa like you were your emotional
right yeah that's not nice how does it
make you feel looking at that okay
I was located us in this picture it's a
psychological benefit to the patient
that really gets me back to me that's
your reward yeah thank you so much
honestly pretty pleasure thank you so
much thank you I'm feeling happy light
yeah if you have any hair loss worries
or issues I can't recommend this place
enough
don't let your hair loss worries get you
down affect your life affect your
relationships because you don't have to
let it happen even just going for a
consultation is enough to put your mind
at ease so if want to check out any of
the stuff that they do here in this
place and the link to hair restoration
black box website is down below don't
forget to leave a comment you heard
those I'd be reading them mm-hmm she be
reading butcher to you soon
big love
