it's 5:30 in the morning
this is the second time in the last few
days we've got just to see the Sun Rise
and I am shattered again I only got like
one or two hours sleep max I don't
really know what's going on but we're
all up today and we're going to see the
Taj Mahal I have my ticket for the Taj
Mahal we found out we cannot take Freud
button she's gonna hinder on how good
shot swing get the doors are just opened
there's a mass of people going in and
Ben and Jack had to run off to get the
rope
what's going on
I thought we came here at 6:00 in the
morning to be relatively quiet but
there's lots of people here I think
those people here may be not competitive
other times but what we're trying to do
is wander down to find a shot where that
sun's rising behind just chillin ready
to shoot someone
that monkey did not like me just got
attacked by monkey that's crazy
I'm about to be on a mosque so I had to
put on these shoe covers as a sign of
respect
choice if we got enough cameras here no
we don't we don't
the sunrise was a bit of a
disappointment but the Taj Mahal
beautiful amazing piece of architecture
I think it's time to probably head back
to the hotel get some more sleep look at
these bats flying around we're back and
we're gonna get some breakfast
so Max's forgot about tiny little mug
got a whole bottle take British we're
considering I got an hour's sleep last
night I'm gonna take a few hours now to
nap that was an amazing sleep
I feel very refreshed chicken burgers
have arrived Breaking Bad me and we'll
just watch the latest episode of
Breaking Bad ah it's so mental you're so
crazy I don't even know what to think
about life anymore and
back in reality we are going to a
marketplace gonna maybe buy some cool
Indian clothes and pimp out the tuk tuks
a little bit so we're gonna head over
there now
with Royce at clothing store get some
outfits Indian outfit believe that
pretty happy with this this is why I be
looking for my heart
Ben's got about two mounting outfit to
me
what you found there max hey I've got
when they look over your ears or it's
out right
oh yeah like that with a song Sony's as
well
I found this so I've gone for pink top
green hairband and the blue trousers
yeah don't look good I think I look kind
of Bollywood
this shop has made a lot of money off us
today that was amazing I'm very happy
with my purchase some of the boys now
want to get some bling some rings and
stuff still gonna pop into this shop
look at this big Ganesh taking it
go off the market now to look at some
handmade stuff
salut is the stance though he has
someone on the other line
look at Jack pick a jack pack you are
absolutely covered I cannot believe what
just happened
me and Jackie literally got covered in
this powder whilst we were like dancing
down the streets of this music though
the statue of canary was all a bit
mental and then it was just over like
that about one minute mayhem
we've been resting up we've now got into
our costumes our Indian costumes and
we're going to get some dinner and it's
really exciting we are literally like
less than three hundred dollars away
from Hitler ten hundred thousand dollars
just meditating together and lost my
marbles we're all quite excited there's
a general like speak a lot of speech
here right now we're just over a week
into our prior campaign in which we're
trying to raise awareness and money for
teenage counts of trust and today
currently we are on ninety nine thousand
eight hundred and seventeen dollars
raised 14 counts chops our goal is
$100,000 the Internet's being slowed so
far we have raised one hundred thousand
nine hundred and twenty
when we went to launch the campaign I
think we knew we had an idea that it
would get some support behind it but I
had no idea that in such a short amount
of time but there's so many people get
behind the campaign it genuinely makes
me feel so proud of online community
so we are just sitting in a room we've
celebrated hitting $100,000 on the
fundraising campaign and we decided what
better way to celebrate than do a you
now from India and it's been working
really really well that we're doing you
now hello everyone and we actually stay
outside from for most of the broadcast
we just come inside now just to get away
from the mosquitos and stuff well what
an eventful day I'm still buzzing off
reaching our target even in the last
couple of hours since we reached it it's
now about 102 thousand dollars before so
it's mind blowing but we are leaving
tomorrow we're leaving Agra I don't know
where we're going next but we're getting
on the top socks all the talks have been
fixed up and ready to roll and I don't
want to get some sleep I'm gonna jump in
the shower first and get some this
orange dust of me and then I go to sleep
catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life a little bit
venture
you
