guys I'm Riley in your watching for free
I'm on my way to see my friend Emma but
I'm stuck in horrible traffic very long
traffic driving to school my trying to
film some videos together and then we're
going on to London
then they're filming at a YouTube
creative spaces
it turns out on early to pick up those
from school this is it unlike me
I'm usually late for everything I've
been getting bad like I've been getting
that hello how was your day at school
Darcy all right
I mean definitely just about fit up to
London but we trying to figure out the
quickest way up because this traffic is
like Italy say like
we are running so late we're already
half an hour late
we're going to do 45 minutes late
we've arrived that's what the pros can
now me to go and walk over to the Google
YouTube McLaws
over here no just a check of our names
remember we are here there's some people
hey Gary
so guys this is becoming YouTube filming
session is a secret so don't tell anyone
okay don't die see how many youtubers in
the spot
I think about me to go with Rico big and
free too
how cool is this YouTube space that I
never change sizes basically but it's
pretty awesome
Oh
we have finished filming and we're gonna
go for a light refreshment
amazing news guys it's curry Club only a
curry
oh yeah drink or labradoressence just
heaven what did you do man it was yeah
going for their Hawaiian left tonight
guys
Robbie and a spear heading home killing
everyone
thanks very unnerving a drink spill and
you did you have a fun night out there
so stupidly I left my car in London
train back into London now and get that
and my dad's gonna pick up darts and say
she's not too tired for school but I am
feel completely stupid
Ben just went out of his way
got the train all the way down to
Clapham Junction and gave me the keys
back then I lose again
so drop this feedback and he's a
complete legends everyone go in to you
and say thank you
get my piece
so no way
I'm now heading over to Steve as 1:00 in
the morning he said he's been kind of
lonely today seeing a home so I thought
I'd go over and stay the night at least
some buckets things have a fairly much
you've been alone all day I'm feeling
good yeah I'm happy to have some company
and also what you worked on then it got
my second video finished going up
tomorrow which will be no no go check
that out we go now check it out
yeah it's dark oak great time cheers
mate
Shana's died today yeah it's a bit of a
shame but your night so before I head to
bed I'm gonna ask something of you guys
you all know Josh Josh right cause been
on tour with him great friend of mine
he's been nominated for this rebel
playlist thing and it'd be awesome if
you guys could all go vote for him this
is the rebel Pro playlist thing here and
he's his war track is there I think you
literally have to go click vote for Josh
record and top line in the description
be so cool if you guys could go and do
that show them some love and I'll catch
you guys to my peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
