I'm gonna attempt to put down this 10 as
quickly as possible
sweet fairly that is two minutes flat
it's the last morning of the festival my
step by well alright and now I'm having
an apricot sandwich to wake up to
breakfast
how you feeling this morning Dave
feeling pretty good feeling pretty good
ready for the drive home
yeah pretty hot though I was like
sweating like a beast in the morning
this is our friend PJ
see
it's inside
did you enjoy your performance BJ yeah
yeah it sounded good man go check them
out people go check them out
Dave what you doing mate
date you just tie your shoelace yeah
you're not peeing well we are off we're
back sorry
so guys I'm just gonna have one cup of
coffee today yes baby it's almost as big
as your head occasion in the sporting
world I'm not too sure about it but it's
a tennis and stuff you know face really
excited it's important so he just hooked
into our friends house to watch the end
of the Wimbledon game which was quite
exciting and now I've come back my
parents and we're just relaxing in their
warm evening weather you know the onesie
competition we did the other day well
there's actually a winner now and
there's been about hundred people that
entered we raised them with 300 pounds
for this orphanage in Thailand and today
for the to announce the winner yeah
thanks so the winner is that our Peter
Simpson and we will be in contact this
week and make sure that you get your
awesome onesie so thanks so much to
everybody who entered and welcome to you
mate well done mate the boys are off
it's nice hanging out see you there
right then see you later
poof so Alan was killed Abin in the
calmest so what's for dinner mom nice
home-cooked meal a very rare very rare
treat meat
hi I'm with Stevie boy we're gonna have
a little coffee and plants and stuff for
this week is exciting it's a hot day
today so I'll go cold mango juice reason
Steve Steve tire they've got little you
guys have asked a few times what we
doing when we come to Starbucks late at
night what what are we planning what we
plotting we're gonna let you guess see
we can guess look back over some of the
times of being together see this
inclusive 20 to 3:00 in the morning
perfect time for a little did you bring
your honey boy statement
upstate ready I think it's probably time
to head home now
hey how you feelin Steve oh yeah have
you been the last couple of days man
yeah good I'm enjoying the lovely
weather we've been having he had a good
birthday which was sweet oh yeah it was
Steve's birthday guys I was a wagering
Steve's birthday I know sorry man
nice to see you man tomorrow yeah sorry
man it's a scene in the noise it's been
a great weekend I'm so glad I went to
the festival it's been awesome hanging
our people and tomorrow I'll be hanging
out Steve getting up to mischief I'm off
to bed now peace out into a life myth
the eventual boom
