so I had an interesting sleep in my
butterfly tent it was very cold and then
extremely hot but you didn't either got
woken up with there with a coffee so
happy how did you sleep Ellen we had we
miss a free breakfast so we're wandering
over to investigate
yes I just had a lovely cat shot with my
friend Andy we haven't really caught up
in months and we just sat in the
sunshine having a coffee reminiscing
chatting about life issues talking about
the future things that we're going
through everything like chatter for like
two hours is awesome
we run
we're queueing up wisdom wood fire pizza
I'm just going back for my wallet
40 kilo Pizza woodfired pizza
I just fill my red wine all over me
going to film that how are you enjoying
the festival days yeah it's good man
what more do you want frisbee fun some
cheap bass mate check out many different
things we go in here frisbee tennis
volleyball we should use that tomorrow
yeah let's get out
batters or your penne penne that's not
much shootin is there have you guys got
loads of stuff in your booze you should
tweet me a picture of the stuff that you
got in your boot I want to see whether
this is normal
right I'm back 110 it's already cozy in
here I'm gonna get some sleep a onesie
and tomorrow it's gonna be some more
festival fund it's been really chill
today and it's just been nice spending
time with Sun and hanging out at mates
and stuff and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
