good afternoon guys today is the day of
the big gala event buffer festival but
we have all had ever headed out to go
and see Kristin and SIA Kristin's like
about to pop like super breaking it like
literally like I haven't seen it for
either so excited show us do something
there's the baby
come on just so it's so so literally it
could be any day can be anything
whoa give me tonight coffee
these are vegan brownies yeah
yes so good
we have left Kristen and Sears we had a
few hours catching up with them is
super-exciting
literally she could she could be having
her baby tonight his man anyway we're
back at the hotel in central to are now
we can eat and run up get out I see
those on and we're heading to the red
carpet gala that's happening tonight
I've had a little shave put my tux on
what do you think I think I'm looking a
right knife
the whites check down on the hair as
well or as the Americans say at best no
pocket square yeah you looking so
beautiful there were this last year but
two years ago I like Bob addressed
specifically and spent like three
hundred dollars and it was great but
then I was like
I love that dress Joshy looking smooth
by I think we're missing the food
because we're gonna be arriving ready
for the red carpet
I think arriving late but we're still
writing yeah we're the last ones
this is weird we've just been inside the
building that the red carpet is
happening and we're going to we've come
out the back end just to get in a car to
get dropped off back around the front
thanks a lot yeah
work it work it
nice meeting people Oh interviews okay
okay so we've been mingling hanging out
our friends doing photo shoots and
interviews and red carpet stuff happily
is still half an hour before we go in to
sit down and another hour before they
start screenings and I am flagging
pretty hard so in true Louise style I'm
gonna go in finder China coffee there's
no coffee in there some weird reason is
it Tim Hortons here but no offense
Canada but this is not good coffee has
an overall rating of excellence in the
festival it's one of the top rated
videos that just doesn't fit into one of
the award categories so we wanted to
honor that this year with the festival
honors award now I put the name in the
envelope but I'm gonna open it anyway
and the festival honor goes to a home
Beyond Borders slow moving towards also
as one of our Chinese may use the pile
and join me on the whole trip and we
made this together and we've got a very
talented editor Nick who put it all
together as well and yeah I'm really
excited to show you guys the final piece
this is only the first 20 minutes of the
documentary but yeah this is also
interesting you can possibly do flying a
single-engine airplane around he was
talking to a lot of people that fight
around the world this airplane he's
going to go around the world but could
also potentially be the thing we die in
but it could also be you know this
incredibly famous airplane that did it
successfully
JP thanks for helping this is so cool
festival honor award letter
oh my gosh this is so so cool
what's a buffer festival more no more
it's funny one
Oh
is the official end of buff festival
it's been an amazing night at a gala and
the party and I just honestly feel so
honored to won a prize in the award and
say thank you buffer festival Thanks to
everyone who voted for the Beyond
Borders
I don't know it's cooler we called it
like part 1 but it's more like a teaser
to the full-length documentary and so
yeah it's just it's been a lot of hard
work by a lot of people and like I said
thanks to obviously JEP this is mine and
JP's thing unfortunately couldn't be
Aires in New Zealand but also Nick he
just smashed through the edit we had a
lot of other people get involved and I'm
just excited to get it all done
hopefully the next couple of months guys
I'm trying my hardest and then get it
out sent out to you guys that back to
the Kickstarter and then I'll keep the
rest of you posted on where we end up
distributing the movie and yeah I'm just
super pumped a super pumped peace out
enjoy your life and live the adventure
