hey man you're watching funny boy oh
it's been a lazy morning now it's time
for some lunch mmm soup and garlic bread
me and I we're just having a laptop Club
session and I've got my favorite drink
Carribean crush again recommend that
drink very tasty
it's rainy today rainy I don't like
rainy
some up to see Steve look at Steve
Shelby but up that's a nice job man hi
Steve's the DIY guy
Steve's DIY I'm just going to Dave and
Alan's house and Matt don't ever leave
them or in Steve's just picking
something up
it's Alan it's been a car crash I hope
everyone's all right Butler
I can't Lee see what's going on this
list man way that Land Rover is mash
that car lets me mash Tim I don't really
understand like I think they I don't
understand what's happening
lissa they lost control of like whoa
what the hell's happened though but some
people are crazy driver if I have to and
it might be a safe drivers people safety
first
misty I just haven't seemed a little
pre-dinner snack pasties hey Josh some
pasties baby maybe let these chill
Hitler look Caribbean crash falou oh
hello again
my long-lost friend is literally what
about that boy this is the one no these
parties I don't even know what this so
I'm helping Steve do some electrics
we're rewiring into lighting in this
house how's it going over there man good
look at all these wires this is positive
this is negative this is earth and we've
got some sweet fittings left chair this
guy he's got some bad man bulbs doing it
and it's nice metallic thing
we just got takeaway curry check it out
chicken jalfrezi oh yeah
Steve's got a problem that I'm balancing
it all on my Mac between that's a bad
table unreal it's fine
whoo things and Apple Mac is a good
table I think that's good man rapper
here slash table it's been another very
very chilled day very chilled
I think I'm just taking a few days out
really just to recover a bit because I'm
offering my adventures again at the end
of the week I'm off to New York for digi
fest I mentioned before and then I don't
know I'm just gonna be traveling around
America a bit I think maybe Canada but
in the meantime right now I am just
chilling and turn a recover I think I've
got a bit of fatigue I've just been
exhausted there's lots of blood days
I've been resting hanging out people but
just tired so tired from everything so
it was just round Steve's tonight we
just got a takeaway and watched a film
but yeah I'm just taking it easy oh and
tomorrow I'm gonna be going into London
with Steve and Ben you met we're gonna
be filming a music video for my mum
hopefully if all goes to plan that
should be really fun I was gonna hang
out with Alan tonight as well but it's
just really tired and I was just
chilling with Steve and Lexie and but
hopefully hang out with a few other
people before I go to New York gonna
catch up with Josh
I'll learn few of the friends hopefully
I can get to deal with that and then off
again whenever I'm staying at my parents
I feel like it's it's just temporary
it's just like oh I'm just here make the
most of it and then off again where I'm
gonna walk back there now get some sleep
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom you've just watched a
family vlog and remember it's not the
length of life but the depth of life
