day 1 of the road trip around the UK in
the boom buffs and I'm feeling pretty
excited very tired very excited attached
check how long
oil dipstick
okay so we filled up chess oil check the
water we're on our way to Brian's okay
so it's 5:00 p.m.
I've only been out like five hours and
we've arrived in Brian and the meet up
in the bus we put some lights on outside
and this lovely yellow page lovely
lovely drink inside this bottle there is
honey rose we squash apple juice fish
paste ketchup mayonnaise double cream
butter the gathering we had this great
pretty wet and cold so we're celebrating
now having a little a little party down
in Brighton
and it's pretty crazy did the bus come
back
so it just released a party Jada's had a
very busy night and it's dropping ever
off the train station this is where yo
the chairs are arriving
also acts as a as a hat a head Mumma
gonna get maneuver back out turn these
cities back into beds and have a
well-deserved rest I think after that
manic day but it's been fun it's been
fun yeah now the crazy day tomorrow I
guess my hands are covered in oil and it
is just climbed up my leg because he's a
ninja cat basically an injured Jedi I
mean Yoda
