good morning guys is the last day of the
creative summit Berlin if you didn't
know yeah I flew out to Berlin from LA
just for a few days and there's this
amazing event going on that I was
privileged enough to be invited to thank
you YouTube it's been epic yesterday was
just like so much information learning
from big YouTube execs and other
creators and just having a time together
just learning about where YouTube is and
new features they're bringing in and
just yeah there's chatting about the
overall platform as a whole have a bit
of a mad party last night and yeah I
think there's another party happening
tonight so we've got people workshops
this morning then a few people are
heading off but yeah I'm excited it's
great to be here we also have a few
workshops today I'll bring you back to
the spirit of the summit
the event is finished some people are
heading off back home and stuff I'm
still here with Alfie he doesn't fly out
till tonight
oh yes Alfie I still want you just get
some drinks and stuff this is this pure
ginger shot I do it one bag also guys
this is Nadia from South Africa we all
do in a shop so I just got water as well
so that we can let's move out the way
these people behind the significant do
stuff oh yeah guys this is Berlin Zoo
right behind us there's like baboons
that walking around over there
pretty well
oh my boy
that is why my mouth is on fire yeah
that is good boy you didn't even finish
it
that's good beYOU just remember it's
good with she doesn't not like that guys
the YouTube events are over alpha
and we've just come to this evening
event celebrating but you've originals
and there's like a band about of my own
stage and stuff this is Paul this is a
much bigger than life
I don't know if you could hear me in
there guys but the night was like some
special launch thing for you to premium
in Germany
I think they launched like three
originals
oh there you are be looking fear
I am back at Felix's house now
you might recognize Felix actually he
was the one that I got the bus from and
he's currently got two films and Netflix
expedition happiness and pedal the world
or something and also look who else is
here this is Rudy this is the dog from
expedition happiness he lived on the bus
when Felix and Mowgli went across
America and into Mexico
yes so I'm crashing here tonight and
then tomorrow we're gonna spend the day
he's gonna be helping me and JP just
with some ideas around the kind of
finishing up the Beyond Borders
documentary which I know a lot of you
are patiently waiting for and I'm gonna
do a whole video just explaining the
delay and kind of updating you guys on
how the movies getting on and just
briefly it is getting on really well
we're just finishing a lot of stuff up
it's it's a lot more work and way more
complicated complicated than I thought
trying to yea put together a movie from
I guess there's like 14 terabytes that
of stuff we shot and then we want to do
a lot of post stuff and obviously much
higher kind of production thing so
that's why again I'm taking advice from
people that have done these documentary
things and sell them to Netflix and all
that so yes we're gonna spend the day
tomorrow going over footage reviewing
stuff Nick still down in Cape Town
editing it sending over these amazing
cuts and yet hopefully tomorrow will be
really helpful just getting something
input from Felix and then yeah then I'm
heading back to London tomorrow night so
yeah it's been a good day it's been a
good time here at the YouTube creators
summit and yeah see you tomorrow peace
out real-life adventure
