good morning guys I have driven from LA
to Palm Springs we're on a mission to
get an Airstream to put on our back
drive as a guestroom and we found one on
Craigslist there's a lady here in Palm
Springs that is selling one so again
very spontaneously we just drove over
and potentially we're going to get it we
spent quite a bit of money renting this
truck to tow so we need to get a little
tow bar thing to attach them there and
then hopefully in the next few hours it
all goes well we will have our own cute
little Airstream it's a it's a bit of a
miniature one it's not the full length
or so you're gonna go and check it out
now
and with Johnny and Cameron yeah
this is it this is the Airstream it's
like a 1960s something Airstream it's
got a few little dents at the top let's
check it out this isn't a tow bar this
is it Airstream Caravelle this is the
maximum size we can film the drive
sounds I'm thinking we it's this is all
original people that are like into like
of keeping of vehicles original that's
not what we're planning today what I'm
thinking is we take out most of this
overhead storage probably take out the
kitchen I'm trying to think where you do
that's a fridge I'm thinking hardwood
flooring I can stand up straight I'm
impressed
I can't even stand up straight in their
happiness buzzing in the school bus yeah
it's very is cozy but I feel like it'll
feel more spacious that we we have it
have a bit you don't need I'm just
trying to think and then storing clothes
and stuff if you just figure out maybe
put like a dresser thing here's yeah
these are really these are really bad I
mean obviously we've never really
looking at the interior yeah I guess it
pulls out yeah this slides out so it's
got all the original furniture in and
kind of layout I think the plan is we're
going to rip all of this out maybe even
we've just been talking about it but we
might even just rip out the whole
bathroom area even though this feels
very cool got like a little wet room
it is I love how high it is this is like
high enough me to stand up I think this
is like six eight with six seven and
yeah yeah okay let's do it
but yeah I think we can we're gonna go
for it I think this is this is gonna be
our Airstream we've popped over the road
to get a tow bar to attach in here we
had a bit of a nightmare last night
trying to get a rental car with the tow
bar eventually got this huge truck
great
we're back in LA we're driving around
the back of our house and it's gonna be
the moment of truth scene if we can
squeeze this the Airstream in in art
Drive
the back tires on the wonder bug a flat
so we're pumping the mark and then we're
going to move the van so we can get the
air stream and the valve is broken so
I'd like a be ton of wedge like rocks
and paper like
little swoosh back here
how is it so heavy how's it so heavy we
need a winch
this is good this is good right I've had
to leave Cameron figuring out how to get
the Airstream in I feel really bad that
I had to leave but I couldn't I couldn't
turn down this opportunity very last
minute I've been invited by the yes
theory guys Matt and wisdom are go oh
it's gone inside and with BC and I can't
tell you where we're going you'll find
out in the next vlog but we're going on
a secret adventure and it's it's gonna
be crazy
in the rough am a forgot the GoPro and
the drone that we were going to film
with on this secret trip no drains no
gateways how how they know go first
we have arrived at our first layover
again all top of secrets I'm not gonna
tell you where we are but there's a nice
flight I got a really nice note for me
the flight attendants saying that she
what she's been watching my videos for
years and yeah it was nice it was nice
thank you
and wait what's the name Thank You
Alison if you're watching that's really
nice that made my day and yeah thanks
for the Pringles as well delicious
we're gonna try to get some more food
and then jumping or other flight because
we are really really concerned for Luis
safe we're seriously concerned for his
safety yeah basically it's a challenge
it's a dare that's as much as I'm saying
yeah but it's guys it's gonna be bad
it's gonna be bad
just enough time to eat before our next
flight
we made it secret location a villain
amok yeah we're gonna let you guys guess
where we are obviously this is cold I've
dressed up a bit there's a huge moose is
that meter an elk I think I think it's a
moose okay that's all that's all we're
giving you let me know let me know in
the comments where you think we are you
see this is your moment there are two
cameras on you this is your time
it's like suffocating they cold it's
like that you know what your breathe and
that's like the insides are very fresh
yeah
you know Oh a chilly is today
here's another clue guys is another clue
okay we've finally arrived at our
destination again it's all a bit top
secret because yes theory are making a
video about this whole trip and what
we're doing and I don't want to ruin the
surprise but tomorrow I'm gonna be
filming the whole day and releasing it
after their video so you can see what
we're doing
trust me this is crazy it's gonna be one
of the scariest days of my life
so that might give you a kind of clue
but yeah make sure you watch the next
video it's gonna be mad and if you don't
already make sure you subscribe to the
yes Theory Channel and yeah we'll catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
