good afternoon guys today is the
official moving day for our new home
this is very special we've been like
getting stuff sorted all morning we've
had our new housemates arrived Cameron
and Johnny and it's Cameron's birthday
yes pray they basically comes straight
from Burning Man see we're all just a
disbelief that we're actually living
here now we need to run to Ikea and get
through things I need to get different
desks cuz the one I bought yesterday
didn't fit and a big cupboards but yeah
hopefully we'll get a few more bits
today still gonna take a while for us to
guess the bullies out here but yeah it's
gonna be a fun day and then we'll do
some celebrations later unfair cams xxx
we've arrived at HomeGoods which we ran
out when we were shopping for the bus so
I prefer Ikea but I think we're gonna
find some unique pieces here and we're
here with BC and Perry as well there's
so many options here they have like five
rows of cushions right smelling every
site to see which one we should have
she's like what do you want your hands
the smell of after I'm like I don't know
soap no I don't want caramel
I have a massive pan for cooking group
mails we have a kettle we have hand soap
hangers hangers oh man
so we've come back to home goods to get
a few other things basically everybody's
actually betters IKEA is really great
for basics is kind of like the white
t-shirt and jeans of like furniture but
now I want starting to want like fun
stuff so I've got a candle I put so yeah
things like candles and like nice
smelling stuff like pretty so I mean
this is basic but we're looking at the
rugs and stuff I think this is gonna be
a good place to get that stuff but the
problem is you know we don't know what
our accent colors are yet so Philippines
like slowly build up before we get
everything yes I think we say you think
so
this is all very overwhelming that IKEA
unfortunately it's a Friday afternoon
and the traffic's really bad
we're just rearranging the furniture in
IKEA just so we can just see how it
could look this is this is it this is
actually it this is the downstairs but
no wait wait till you see it wait till
you see it now get ready
never wait wait wait ready ready ready
now just imagine this okay wait how do
you pop it up how do you pop it up
oh well I needed more than one hand oh
there they go ready ah there's a gap why
is there a gap think about the
sleepovers we could have they must have
missed this last time there's a whole
plant section and I obviously I'm like
obsessed with plants so we've got these
are only $15 each these master plants
we've got three for now and yeah we're
gonna try and squeeze them in the cart
than a help
we just had a really fun evening
celebrating Cameron's 30th birthday and
now we're back at a house just unlighted
the car for Mike here oh my gosh it's
crazy so I've got a new desktop this is
gonna fit in there much much better than
the desk I tried to put in there
yesterday it's too big start setting up
some things I'm gonna just really
quietly drill together
screw together all of this so I can put
my big cabinet there and start sorting
through all this this is my bag of
cables that I own I sort through the
other week oh my gosh look at this that
is guys that is just spaghetti Jonathan
imagine once it's all beautifully
categorized
I cannot wait I don't know if other
people are like this where they get
pleasure from organizing but I don't
typically in my life but right now just
the thought of this organizing all my
gear is just so exciting say this is
what I'm gonna do Oh guys there's
another housemate I need to introduce
you to this is scout hey scout hey you
might see scout on my vlogs before we
can have a dog in it half Oh usually is
Doug this is like the perfect dog he's
just having a little tour of the house
on his own
okay bye
okay I have to try to do this as quietly
as possible
okay turns out I need to do a lot of
hammering which I can't do this time and
I say I think I might pause what I'm
doing and continue in the morning yeah
it's for straighten because I'm so
pumped right now I just want to get it
all done but I think I can probably stop
for some sleep we've been working pretty
hard today oh this is amazing right um
it's the end of the day then I guess
yeah tune in tomorrow we'll be
continuing for everything hopefully
tomorrow I'll actually start organizing
through anything so if you find that
kind of thing therapeutic then
definitely tune in get it or saw it turn
this jumble of wires into nice organized
draw yeah get my desk in and then we've
also got this whole set of this kind of
chest of drawers I mean it's put in our
bedroom alright catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
