good morning guys there are a lot of
exciting things happening today in a
little while I'm going to be taking you
over to see the finished live the
adventure bus there's some dramatic
changes even in the last week that have
happened I can't wait to show you and
later on tonight we are driving the bus
to the secret garden party festival and
we are yeah we're having a weekend of
fun with a hot tub and hanging out with
an RS and partying but before we do any
of that I am at the air B&B we've been
staying at with Raya and she has a very
exciting announcement to make
I've been working on it for like six
months and yeah check it out guys this
is incredible I've been waiting to show
you guys some of these amazing things
right been working on too little bit
about it so my mom is actually making
all of this some of you may know my
mom's been making jewelry in selling out
and see like five years so she's super
talented she knows what she's doing and
I collaborated with her and designed all
these designs and they're all inspired
by traveling so these are actually like
this is the Caribbean collection it's
inspired by our trip to the Dominican
Republic
these are inspired by Kenya so it's like
the color that reminds me of Kenya
there's a little elephant a sphere yeah
and then these are just kind of inspired
travels but Oh also there's gonna be a
percentage of every sale going towards
building a school so I'm working with
pencils of promise and we're gonna build
a school together hopefully by the end
of the year so yeah it's a lot of
exciting things yeah so I will of course
link all of this below go check out all
the ranges that rise releasing and go
show some support and I think you should
probably head over there quick because I
don't know how much stuff she's got and
how long these necklaces are gonna last
before we head off I am going to help
her shoot some product shots and she's
gonna be wearing some of these different
things so I'm gonna get my camera out
and yeah hopefully get some cool photos
I'm using a 28 mil Sony lens which goes
down to an aperture of teeth both pumped
out to life
okay we are all done with a photo shoot
it looks so good
you'll be able to check out some of the
images on Rhys website we are now gonna
head to meet my dad and pick up some
things and then we're going to go head
over to the bus I cannot wait to show
you guys when did you last see the bus
was it the Christmas party
well they all say something oh yeah okay
it's changed to COI it look I actually
didn't even watched your vlog because I
wanted to see it Oh
noise check this out
yeah check it out it's blue what do you
think Riya it's way better and like
brighter and more fun yeah and it's all
vinyl it's all vinyl wrapped guys this I
haven't seen that this is the first
we've seen it like this I saw it photo
but check it these are all like stickers
rather than a spray paint we had on
before this is just amazing didn't have
a look around inside paper aeroplane
logo the floor then guys new wooden
vinyl flooring how the TVs up this is
way so different isn't it boys you've
done an amazing job amazing it's like a
completely different bus oh just
incredible when you suggested I was like
yeah I think you'll be better but like
it's just unbelievably better so I've
just been told that Grant sort us out
over at core designs and graphics with
the rap so gone thank you mate you have
done us proud this is an incredible like
beyond my expectations it's looking it's
so good
I'll link grandpa live any of you guys
need any big vehicles wrapped this is
this is the quality of work this is just
spot-on this is incredible
guys you remember Josh he's been helping
with the bus project from the beginning
which is actually like a year now I
haven't seen this band before he's just
show me give me a little tour of his van
yeah this is cool it's a similar like
kind of Salvage words burn so yeah
everything's pallets so under here I've
got like a Ledge about tune and I've got
a charger from the engine when I Drive
in and then obviously solar feeder as
well and in the 230 volt inverter so I
can run I can charge my laptop and stuff
yeah these like dim ride away down oh
yeah and then I've just got these like
little cabin lights which was a witness
so you've got like your your monitor for
the battery percentage and then this is
the inverter and these are just in
little cabinets
oh I love it yeah the wheels are a nice
touch so good Briah just told me she's
never seen the boom bus so I'm gonna
show around this is my house for five
years
welcome it's not in the best state it's
a ravine
it's the shower this is my sister who's
that that is a bubble cheap there's like
an LED light underneath and it bubbles
up like a lava lamp yep
imagine if it wasn't like I mean it
doesn't look like abandoned but when it
was in its prime this is my bed yeah
five so the really sad news is briar
can't join for the for the festival
Italy I mean I don't have to like I'm
very excited to go to Italy and I'm
going there with my sister but yeah so
we'll have to do some festivals next
summer in the UK because they just burn
out Silas but have a nice week yeah
although her if you don't subscribe to
Rio obviously and also oh what's your
website address just link it everywhere
I'll just link it everywhere for her
jewelry log jewelry everything don't
forget to check it out thanks
we're ready to roll
let's do this you ready Jim Jim Jim sit
in the drive-in
only take off the driving from the roof
guys I could not be happier right now
this is so exciting for me like finally
taking the bus out well to a big event
and into a festival obviously we've done
a few small events on the bus light of
Christmas fire stuff but this is the
first time we're we're really taken out
and getting to show it off and yeah I
just I couldn't be more pumped this is
this is gonna be an incredible weekend I
mean just look at it look at this
all right with something for fuel this
is actually the first time I think I've
build this stuff
Rover on the road we're hoping to get
the secret garden party late late
tonight intro you to the team so far I
think we've got a couple of others
joining us there but your Jim Laura
obviously got Ben Darcy Toby and Rachel
yeah and then Andy and Emily I'm going
to be hopefully joining us up there so
we've got a proper squat and once we
were on the way I thought would be to
make use of the time so I'm trying to
figure out how to use this little DJ mix
that Darcy's got so we can do a bit of
DJing sweet fun upstairs sound system
Jim's learning us a sound system or so
nice up here look at this
I've never been upstairs at the windows
because the boom-bust never had these
windows
yes Toby we are like less than ten
minutes from the secret garden party now
we're gonna do one last fill-up
how's the drive Jim the final two of the
scored of a right and in Emily good
drive yeah probably a little bit faster
than us
thank you left like three hours after us
boy
all right time to fill the hot tub guys
it's been seven minutes and the heart
and the hot tubs half-full already I've
tidied up a bit I made my bed over here
this is a cozy little area isn't it we
are going for a mission now find some
food check out the festival it is pretty
late it's yeah I'll plus three in the
morning I'm not gonna stay out long put
some editing to do oh it's definitely
slippery
it's been a very fun night it's good to
have a little taster
managed to get a bit dancing in but the
next few days are gonna be pretty pretty
mental and hopefully we'll be able to
invite some people to come hang out ah
to come hang out on the bus enjoy the
hot tub and yeah and then on Sunday
Jeremy loops is coming in and we're
gonna get to hang out with him and his
his guys so it's gonna be a yeah
jam-packed weekend lots of fun I'm gonna
head to bed now I guess it's like it's
probably like half full and like I said
earlier make sure to check out Roy's new
jewelry range and go show some love
hello catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia venture
