good morning guys I am back in the UK
and it's very exciting day today I've
arrived at the photography show in
Birmingham which happens to be the
biggest photo show in Europe and I'm one
of the keynote speakers so I'm heading
now to do a talk a little bit nervous
but we've been preparing for the last
few days from with Laura also Comic Cons
happening here so after I've got my talk
and walked around a bit my pop into
comic-con a check out
the power of social photography Here I
am guys on a super stage
guys look at this venue this is 500
seats here and this stage I don't know
how many people are coming but I'm a
little bit nervous I've got to a bit do
you think I'm gonna do okay Laura okay
this is what it feels like being on
stage oh my gosh okay so I'm not gonna
use this podium mic I'm actually gonna
get one of the headsets so I can stroll
around I'm gonna have a slideshow I can
see here going up on the screens
painting of her rehearse quite enough
but I think it's gonna be all right guys
I think I'm gonna
I think I'm gonna play I grew up in the
suburbs of Surrey in a very creative
family and right from the start
gained a passion for photography and
cameras from my dad this is me and my
dad when I was younger
in fact cameras were such a central part
to my family that when my parents got
married
instead of taking a wedding ring my dad
asked my mum to buy him a camera along
came fun for Louise and started thinking
this was an opportunity for me to travel
the world and not to share about one
tiny strange aspects of my life but all
of the things I'm doing and exploring
the world and started realizing I can
use this platform and the power it has
to inspire people to go and have their
own adventures and so I decided to make
videos every single day of my life
like a little video diary odds you know
carry a camera around it began it began
with a very small camera and I'll just
kind of share a bit about my life and
what I was up to and who I was hanging
out with and on that journey I coined
the phrase this is my little slogan that
I sign out my videos peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure and that was
my personal message to my audience that
was building all of these guys here
create content online whether it's video
or a lot of these guys that instagramers
and it made sense to me I've got this
team who have just really honed in these
skills and learned some really hard
lessons about what works and what
doesn't work and I'd love to be able to
support other people in doing that and
expand the team and build it away from
just fun for Louie so we've set up a
social media travel management agency
could live the adventure I now have
seven employees a Cape Town office and a
London office and this is just this has
been the most exciting transition for me
okay guys my talk is over I think I
pulled it up like it could have been a
few improvements but overall pretty
happy
yeah a very new experience to me I'm not
used to doing things out of my comfort
zone but that was good and now I'm doing
like a little interview now with some
people I don't know who the photographer
is oh you have just come off the super
stage where you've been talking about
the power of social photography what did
you talk about I talked about I guess my
own journey that's why I'm getting this
knowledge from on my own social journey
is what is possible when you're posting
online and what what things can happen
from it
and I talked about building a career
building a business but also the
positive impact that one people's lives
and the social impact you can have and
yeah what what I want to do to harness
that power to do good in the world live
the adventure is is a thing that you're
working on at the moment tell us more
about that so last year after years of
kind of doing my own stuff with fun
Filippo stting on my own channels I just
thought what's the next step for me what
do I really want to do I want to build
something beyond myself you know my name
is in the title of what I'm doing and it
dawned on me let's build a collective of
of other travel creators and essentially
with all the experience we've learned
with managing brand deals and stuff we
can also run that as like a creative
agency like a management company okay so
we have a bunch of other kind of travel
creators now onboard and yeah we would
call it live the adventure and it's a
lot more than just a management company
but we want to be doing kind of
impactful trips we're going out to
Borneo in May to highlight some of the
deforestation problems something out
there we're going to an orangutan Rescue
Centre and yeah we just want to be doing
use this platform to do really good
things as a bigger group and our wider
audience yeah so I've just been hanging
out with Molly and Christy we've been
filming some videos on their channel
which I'll link below but you just
rushed out because next door like
earlier Comic Con is happening and never
had to do a stormtrooper procession
through the photography show those are
legit costumes
I was not expecting this today
my goodness and we really want a
high-five a stormtrooper but I don't
know how that's gonna happen
high five high five yeah this is great
this is so great
check this out like all the Predators
okay that was pretty crazy guys I'm
scrolling over the Sony booth now I'm
gonna meet some other people and then
hopefully I'll get a chance to wander
around the seat some of the other
gadgets that stands here like all the
brands are here today their parent a few
that might be like announcing new
product releases so I'm very excited
okay guys I've just found this
incredible company called loom tube this
is Riley
he's just been talking to me about how
amazing these products are and this is
what excites me if you can put them on a
drone and this joy could fly and this
photo back here it's just taken by the
Phantom for flying with these lights on
so I've got a little pack of lights and
I'm gonna take these on my travels and
test them out thanks bro so I keep I'll
keep you guys posted and yeah I love
finding new tech I love it these events
I'm just like a kid in the candy shop
so guys it's it's coming to the end of
the day and I've just bumped into Kai
and his team of friends and if you've
watched any camera tutorial and he
pointed in your life you probably
recognize this guy from the digital
rester he's doing his own thing now and
these guys go and check him out in the
description we're trying to plan to do
some kind of collaboration video a trip
or something so if you've got any
suggestions please comment below maybe
trying out some new gear you got any
ideas
I've got some brewing
and what are you doing just to update my
audience what's your plan what you're
doing on your channels just working
alone channel and just do the same stuff
that's my plug-in system this is a bit
extreme as a vlogging setup but now
that's exciting bro and it's good to
find it me we've been talking from the
oil yeah and we're finally connected so
watch this space I'm not that sure
yeah guys I've just noticed this what
even is this is the 2,000 mil lens oh my
gosh that's incredible that probably
weighs more than everything I ever take
with me traveling all right we better go
we've got a train to catch in less than
an hour we need to go back to the hotel
and grab our stuff on Assad I can't
stick around longer but it's been a it's
been a fun day been fun isn't it I've
learned how to get the geese on yeah you
know you know I believe we managed to
grab my bags from our rooms and run to
the train station I'm like ripping now
oh but we made our train got like 10
minutes in the leaves cruising back to
London now
well I am now back down and sorry I'm
staying with my parents this week whilst
I'm back in the UK today was a very
special day for me guys because that was
the first real talk I've ever done for
any significant amount of time I hope
you enjoyed it if you didn't check out
the full version of the talk because I
left a few snippets in today's vlog but
I will link that below unlisted you can
go and check that out and yeah I'd love
to know what you think and how I could
improve my public speaking it's
something I'd like to do more of and
yeah it would be cool to share a bit
more of my life on a stage and yeah I
don't know I like pushing out my comfort
zone so it's been enjoyable Wednesday
I'm going down to hang out with Zoe and
Alfie and I think Joe and some others
and yeah it's just I'm gonna make the
most of my time back in the UK before
jetting off again I'll catch you guys in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
