good morning guys I've just arrived at
the yard where my live the adventure bus
is and we're going to be prepping today
for summer in the city which starts this
weekend
here Cheers it's been a while and
Bridget's already here yeah I love it oh
my gosh this is it right we're going in
again not a lot has changed down here
and we've seen the bus before but we're
just gonna figure out what we're gonna
do in different areas for summer in the
city we still need to kind of fully
figure out this area but this is the
plan instead of having the jacuzzi
Ronnie we're gonna fill it with balls
Wow yeah this works we put some netting
on the on the frame here so people
aren't chopping the Bulls off the top
and if you I come into summer in the
city guys don't shutting the Bulls off
the bus because we'll probably get time
ago this isn't as good as a hot tub but
it's still pretty awesome the other
thing is with bull piss you need to make
sure you haven't got like your car keys
and your phone and stuff in your pocket
because they can easily fall out of your
pocket and then you lose stuff so I'm
pretty sure the end of summer in the
city we're gonna have a lot of lost
property that we find at the bottom okay
this is an idea I thought for the driver
see so when you come in the bus what I'm
thinking is comes in the driver's seat
get a photo we'll probably put like a
photobooth thing up here yes I think up
here
surprise visitor it's Laura
we have you fully unseen Laura in the
vlogs for ages and I'll show you why
those Raiders she's pregnant
congratulations I mean I know like I've
known for months but I just realized I
haven't told you guys and you probably
are missing your other vlogs but it's so
exciting a whole new life literally yeah
suggest some names this is uh Lauren
Jim's dog Harley hey hello
I saw him swimming the other day in your
instance are you so friendly
guys we need your thoughts we want the
bus to be not only just like a fun
activity people come and just hang out
and mess around on although that's a
part of it but also something a bit met
more memorable and meaningful so we're
thinking of having a little writer where
we like bring like 30 people on the bus
at time we're gonna have a little lucky
dip game upstairs of the bull pier and a
little photo booth at the front but back
here we think in a having more of a
discussion area where I me or Raya can
be kind of asking you guys some more
important questions about your life and
direction and how you know how can we
make our lives more adventurous how can
we live push out of our comfort zones
and do more of their life so yeah so
we're thinking how can we do that in a
small slot of like 5-10 minutes how can
we have meaningful discussion with 12
people like should we try and like have
one or two important questions we go
around in a circle and answer them or
show you like some inspiration a little
video for a bit like what do you guys
think what would be in the chaos of like
a summer in the city environment what
would be like meaningful and powerful in
that time slot we have say that's what
we think about now that's what we've
brainstorming we have left the yard I
think most things are sorted out for the
bus we've made if we disordered a few
things on Amazon
last minute Amazon Prime ah so helpful
anyway so that's all getting sorted I'm
actually heading down to Brighton now I
don't know how much of the next part of
my day I can film but I can at least
talk about it
so for a while now I've been looking to
invest in some property which is
something I should have done a couple of
years ago realistically but I think
something that's been hindering me like
I stopped me doing that is that I
haven't known where I wanted to live
where I bought it property and I've also
wanted to do it with people Dave and
Andy who you know have had a house
together probably for 10 years so they
they got yeah and they've had friends
our friends living in and renting so all
these ideas have been swirling around
for a while but we've we've finally
found somewhere down in Brighton which
we've also been talking about making a
move as a friendship group when I am in
the UK having a base down there makes a
bit more sense and it's an awesome
awesome town so it all goes well tonight
we will be getting a large property
which will have multiple spaces to live
in and potentially yeah within the next
six to 18 months because there's
currently tenants in those properties
but anyway point is collectively we
hopefully will buy this building and
over the next few years it could be a
real central point for community when
I'm back in the UK
so although me and Riley are looking to
move to LA for a bit and the next couple
of weeks I'm thinking longer term than
that having a base in the UK has always
been a dream so let's see how things go
today maybe it's perfect maybe we get it
maybe it isn't but it's all very
exciting and it's really exciting to do
something with my close friends and then
Dave so yeah this could be this could be
an exciting pivot in my life alright
we've arrived gonna be look around is
pretty epic this is the back of the
building very cool style spiral
staircase leading up to the brief
tariffs and then this would be included
over here we need to do an extension
similar to the other house
we've got planning permission to build
on that it feels a bit intrusive
traipsing through people's houses it's
just having a look at all the different
apartments
I love these crazy living rooms with the
tool ceilings it's just very cool if
that's an extra room that leads to
balcony which is under this flat tenancy
and then this is a next room that's
under that standard so all the living
rooms have a kitchen as part of the
living room so I guess it's a dining
room living room this is the spot this
is this is the spot net double window
yeah this top this took apartment is is
lovely
I'm sure and they will build some kind
of contraption to like kind of do a
little pulley system for the bases for
the beers from the pub
hello order down
yeah that's the plot on it yeah whammy
just spotted a little hot tub and the
neighbors garden which I think we're
gonna have to do those units next door
look really nice
mmm it'd be interesting to see what the
construction costs Darwin
so Allah I think it'd be like 150 to 200
and be worth double that
I like the vibes in here this is the top
flat
their show you the seagull another
resident it is raining now so we're not
gonna be able to be out for long but
we're just checking how far the sea is
from here and it was literally just
around the corner and we found this cool
park as well what you thinking Dave I
probably could have held my breath from
the front door to here yeah and probably
could hold my breath again from here to
the city look at it were you thinking
about the property obviously there's a
lot more to yeah basically you couldn't
get more Brighton I mean if you're gonna
do the Brighton thing this is bright and
this is this is the full-on seaside the
views overall you did the view thing and
then a park just here I mean and we were
saying it's a good job that the
weather's not incredible this evening
because otherwise we would be suckered
right yeah beer in my hand ice-cream in
that silence siding away yeah we'll take
it and we ask some good questions as
well around like it's been on the market
a little while it's kind of a bit big
for a most not like people who would
just look to buy a place there's too
many places and it's not big enough for
a big developer yeah it needs a few
things like they need to do a bit of an
assessment what's it called like a like
a survey like a structural surveys
checkmates all good not buying a
landslide but the cool part as well is
the garden project where even if we
didn't move into the place at all we
could just move straight into the plot
with a with a with a heart or a little
tree house or something I'll just sleep
in the hot tub right put a hot tub and a
hut in hammocks and we're off
we're off yeah even and still getting
the money in could be good yeah I'm
thinking I'm feeling positive guys watch
this space obviously there's a lot more
we need so Steve and ease down and we
need to make a lot of other decisions
but this could be this could be our base
next year bro cocina could be a good
base we could have a good community
thing going on it put it this way it
doesn't get better than that yeah we
don't like this then basically we don't
like the Brighton idea that's yeah yeah
guys it's actually people swimming in
the sea I bet it's not even that cold ok
I'll be cold to me but it won't be that
cold
for like eight weeks there that is it
that is this is basically all about
garden now not yet look at just it's so
beautiful it's just so nicely arranged
isn't it this is it from the back on the
back Street check that bad boy out it's
basically all of this up for that size
long guy and then have a look look over
here this would be the garden space
which I'm saying let's keep as a garden
for a while we can do some fun parties
I'm thinking that like like late night
music events have a little garden party
I'm thinking next summer this could be
the chill spot so we managed to meet up
with Andy we've been chatting for a lot
of the night about options with the
house so there's no decisions been made
yet we still need to check with the
mortgage people see what's possible I
just like getting excited about
possibilities I'm not gonna be like
gutted if it doesn't happen but I just
like yeah getting excited imagining the
kind of cool stuff we could do together
say yeah well it's a good day today I
feel really pumped I'm also really
pumped for summer in the city I really
think you should come guys I would love
to meet you if you're already coming
then please come over to the bus I'm
gonna try and spend as much time on the
bus as possible and there's like a
there's like a layout map which I'll
link in the description below so you can
find out where the bus is I think it's
just listed as bus but we're gonna be
there you can't miss it basically it's a
double decker bus but and come and hang
out and yeah I'm gonna be the whole the
whole weekend so hopefully see you there
if not I'm gonna vlog it and you can
just experience what it would be like to
be there but also I'm hoping to do a lot
more events with a double-decker bus so
I'll link that below as well like an
email if you want to have it at your
event or do something with it anyway
I'll catch you in the morning for the
help they peace out enjoy life
and live Adventure Bay
