good morning guys
I've got a lot of explaining today the
basics for heat look who I'm with Alaska
what for those view the donahoo Alaska
you need to watch the world flight
series that I filmed last year with JP
anyway met Alaska in Germany and we are
now collaborating we are filming a
special project together yes we are we
started yesterday it's just been crazy
we flew to Greece I met Alaska in Greece
he flew from Germany to me us we've got
a crew with us which we're gonna go pick
up in a minute but we're filming this
more like higher higher end kind of more
professionals documentary series which
is to do with creates for change and
I'll explain that a bit later in the day
anyway we're gonna go pick up a rental
car we're gonna head into the center of
Amsterdam because Alaska's never been
and we're just going to have a fun
morning only are you excited about all
that together so excited it's so good to
be back together so crazy and yeah I
need a copy I just we've it's been just
this is typical Louie we actually go
into Amsterdam last night we didn't get
to sleep till probably three three or
layer four I don't even know it was like
it was laying okay this is it this is
the one I like tip for road trips get
the biggest vehicle you can okay don't
necessarily get a bus I am a bit
obsessive buses but at least get so like
this because a road trip in a car is no
in there is fun or is calm
Lavanya you could though ice could lie
down tomorrow morning have a little
sleep Oh Lois if you're not getting in I
have no chance in it let me introduce
the crew this is Sam hey this is Chloe
and this is Lambie and they're working
their magic as you'll see unfortunately
we're not releasing this for a while
what we're filming the next few days but
there's gonna be some anticipation don't
worry wait a second I have to secure
myself this is very important person in
New York yes
I'm secured you can go okay all right we
have arrived as we were driving in
Alaska said I've seen that bridge before
I've seen it in photos and I was like
might not been that one there's quite a
lot of bridges in Amsterdam and ice and
I asked Siri how many bridges there are
and apparently there's 1,200 bridges
announce them so it's a there's a very
interesting fact view
okay we have got off breakfast slash
lunch Alaska he decided to go vegan yeah
for the time we're traveling which is
only a few days but good on you bro what
is this grilled vegetable and hummus
that's eggplant or we call it aubergine
smile I see yeah give us a little review
what's the aubergine like guys Alaska is
filming his vlog this is for the blog
especially for You yeoman his he hasn't
traveled he hasn't traveled to hold him
before and he hasn't really done a lot
of traveling since arriving in Germany
so there's so this is special this is it
is this is very special
in fact to bring it logging with my
mobile phone nice but that is a good
phone of the SA is the something like
this very stable at low work I will
include this in my blog yeah yeah yeah
guys it would be a different plug from
Lewis blog so make sure that you will
follow yeah yeah definitely
all them it won't be ready by the time
this blogs up but I'll link your channel
below I'll link his channel see that
taxi that's a Tesla in Holland they have
Tesla taxis that's that's pretty awesome
we're getting out of this parking spot
back up and show ya so I'm showing them
how tight it is like literally from both
sides
stop okay you've got to two centimeters
like this little bit is really lightly
sorry that's your car I just bumped it
really really lightly
we've arrived in Germany at this
airstrip and the guys are just getting
ready with the cameras we're gonna be
meeting this guy Ali who's from
Afghanistan he actually flies the
gliders or he does the gliding I don't
know what it is it's in these like these
are colliders basically their airplanes
without engines I guess anyway we're
gonna learn a bit about its life a story
and it should be old for this little
documentary maybe get to go up in a
glider I did say earlier I was gonna
explain kind of what we're doing on this
whole project basically yesterday we
were in Greece we're in Amsterdam
Germany Amsterdam today and then back to
London and we've found people that have
kind of powerful stories that have had
to flee their countries whether it's
Afghanistan or Syria or wherever and I
guess have managed to settle in other
places whether it's yet Greece or
Germany or the UK and yeah just just
sharing kind of the complexity of those
stories and unraveling this word we
throw around refugee and what does that
really mean and is it is it unhelpful to
label people like you know just with one
label it's gonna be probably a 20 minute
video on my channel at some stage in the
near future and yeah it's a it's a
complex and polarizing topic to cover
and I'm sure a lot of you've got a lot
of opinions on it but that's what we're
trying to kind of discover it's more of
a come along with me and discover with
me these people's stories so that's kind
of what we're doing and yeah it's been
very enlightening yesterday was
incredible and and I'm excited to his
small stories today this is Ali Ali say
hello to my vlog and my yeah
yeah this is cool it is cool man and
then we're gonna rock it
we're gonna rock it alright we mounted
the diffusion at the front here I've got
a gopher in the wingtip I'm half
expecting to lose this because what's he
putting on what's he better know you
need a parachute but you don't have to
parachute these ropes guys they are
connected to all the way this machine at
the other end of the field is the winch
and it's super powerful winch it's gonna
pull this plane up yes Ally
so Alaska's gonna have a go in the
glider Alaska you gonna do some
parachuting yeah
so once they get out to the full height
they're gonna open up and you have to
jump out this thing is one of my biggest
fears just to fly without any engines
that just the idea and I'm doing this
because I want to show some support to
Ally yeah just fighting my fears to show
support to somebody else that's cool
answers for you Ally this is so crazy
that oh my god what am i doing we're
going guys what
why can I live
like the first part I was not ready for
it I was like just boom we were just up
in the air and two three seconds oh my
god Harry this is one of my best moments
in my life right wow you just some we're
turning what we have tomans this
in my life
the amount of adrenaline that I had at
the beginning in the first two seconds I
never had it in my life when Louisville
told me live that adventure that was
like forever I'm going to live the
adventure but now I feel literally
to live the adventure
guys we just finished like a two-hour
interview with Ali I'm not gonna give
anything away but it was the most
intense story I've ever heard I'm not
even joking I'm like I was tearing up it
was powerful honestly I feel totally
inspired and blown away by Ali's story
and I just it's amazing that I'm gonna
get to share it with you guys so please
stay tuned for the documentary were
dropping but it was just honestly I'm
struggling to process what what he just
said but it made me just have so much
hope for Humanity in a world where we
often aren't that loving and accepting
of people there's hope you know and it's
just filled me with excitement for life
this story just got me I cannot
understand how somebody can live this
story in this world this is out of this
world I am somebody who lived lots of
difficulties in my life but I felt like
so small I felt like disabled I felt
like I'm nothing like my difficulties
were just a small thing in my life this
is I'm humbled I just I wanted to to
stay here hugging this guy the whole
night also big shout out to mo who
connected us with Ali and also the
glider club have just been so welcoming
like they've made some food for us
they've been letting us shooting the
hangar for last couple of hours it's
it's been really really special today I
wasn't expecting this like this came out
of nowhere for me like it shocked me
we'll see you soon we'll see you again
soon we made it back down to them it's
pretty late
- it is like okay one day that's not too
bad I'm gonna try and edit this vlog as
much as possible we've got flight early
in the morning we need to get to the
airport for 8:30 sadly we're gonna be
saying goodbye to Alaska but it's been
an amazing couple of days today was just
incredible isn't it it is so intense for
me I'm starting yeah to process it right
no no you just absorb it it's it's yeah
like I said crazy like I said there's
been a lot to take in but yeah well
crazy couple of days you've got another
crazy couple of days in London we're
gonna be interviewing some people and
then I'll try and find out when the
release date is for what we're making
but it'll be in a while and yeah or an
awesome day or catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
