good morning guys is day 2 as a GoPro
create a summit we've just arrived in
Banff and we're gonna go cycling on some
mountain bikes it rained a little bit on
the way here so the weather's a bit up
and down so hopefully we don't get
caught in a rainstorm but we just got to
go now and get all the things we need
guys I'm gonna try and do something
interesting days have my fusion off the
side of the bike
I expect the handlebar here so there's
some interesting shots hopefully
hey guys day 2 of the GoPro creator
summit and today I'm starting with a
paddleboard trying to keep my balance
cause it's freezing freezing Lake but oh
so beautiful oh my gosh Sun just came
out for the first time
unfortunately the rain has got a bit
heavier so we are stopping for a little
break which I'm happy about
I'm gonna get a drink hopefully it'll
pass it's looking pretty cloudy and it's
there's some thunder we're hearing so
pouring rain oh my gosh I don't even
know how far we're still going we've
been inside about an hour
I managed to get some drinks some soup
the rain has dissipated that hopefully
will be right the rest of the day
so beautiful here this is calm live this
is real
next up we're gonna go canoeing but
before we do it just stocked up this
amazing waterfall on the ride check this
out this is epic
it's so fresh so nice breathing engine
clicking fresh air
we've arrived at the river the Sun is
finally fully out and we're about to
jump into kayaks and canoes and yeah go
for a little paddle obviously yesterday
we were canoeing in a lake and I think
it's a little bit different in the river
so I think we're gonna kind of go off a
little adventure
I've just been chilling waiting for the
Sun to come back out despite this little
group of Canadian Geese these guys out
back on the bikes
yeah right back to the rental place now
is this is the weirdest way it's raining
the Sun just came out then it started
raining again
right back in the van so this place
we've arrived at for dinner and the
little party is kind of cowboy themed
and outside they've got lassoing area
these guys are learning over lassi oh we
have just come to a place called run run
jury ranch I think it's like a full-on
ranch there's horses everywhere and
every wearing cowboy hats and tonight is
like our final dinner as well as the
GoPro Awards so we've all been
submitting photos and stuff throughout
the festival days and then people are
gonna win that things like hard a lot of
money so yeah this is harder than it
looks guys it gets very tangled easily
that's the widest Allah barbecue
no-one's even managed to lasso a static
cow yet let alone a moving cow I'll come
over to the fire to try and deter some
of these mosquitos I'm hoping the smoke
ball game away because it is it is
mosquito season here also long sleeves
long trousers and doing okay I'm doing
okay
time to do a big team fight we just
collected our dinner got a veggie burger
some corn and a potato yeah
so back at the hotel it's been a really
fun last night at the GoPro creator
summit and despite the weather today we
had a lot of fun biking and kayaking and
all the stuff we got up to and I'm also
really happy I won an award tonight for
the photo I took in the fusion which if
you didn't see on the screen I'll show
you here looking forward to shooting a
lot more with the fusion and before I
start the vlog today we actually had
some panels this morning like learning
about things and there's a really cool
upgrade to the plugin I've been using
for the over capture which I may have
actually managed to get to edit for
today's vlog so let me know what you
thought of some of the shots the angle I
was using on the handlebars of the bike
I think the really exciting thing about
shooting with the fusion is that not
many people are doing this yet it's kind
of a new way of capturing videos and
telling stories so for me it's it's
exciting to be able to get creative with
my video making again because obviously
so many people are vlogging now and I'd
love to experiment with different
formats of video alongside they're kind
of almost daily vlogs I'm still doing
you know the daily blog format and next
month hopefully me Araya are going to be
moving to LA and having a base and been
able to plan a bit more and get creative
with what we're both making is really
really exciting so I can't wait to
involve you guys with that process and
also I may as well now I'm gonna do a
big bigger kind of
video about it but if anyone is based in
LA and wants some any kind of internship
or work experience or can help us next
month onward with either editing or
strategy and planning all those kind of
stuff let me know you there's an email
in the description below but we'd love
to bit start building teams me and Riya
separately and maybe together as well
anyway I'll tell you more about that
another time we've got a super early
morning tomorrow we are heading to lake
moraine which is one of the most famous
kind of bright turquoise lakes in this
area in alberta you would have seen
photos it's like just incredible even
more blue than the lakes here so yeah
we're getting our super early because we
have to do that and then go to the
airport and we're flying back to London
say I will catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia venture
