good morning guys we are in Luxor in
Egypt
I've just arrived at the valley the
Kings today's sponsored by experienced
Egypt and for the next couple of days we
are just going to continue exploring
this beautiful country and we're about
to get on a little train a little car
train
so the Valley of the Kings is this
network of tombs that runs throughout
this valley and they were basically
built to be hidden and then they were
all covered up and yeah we're about to
go inside
the guys see this stone sarcophagus
inside here was a wooden sarcophagus and
then a golden sarcophagus in the middle
and then the Pharaoh is inside that this
is the tomb of Ramses the ninth as you
can see is the entrance miss just one
straight tunnel all the way down to the
burial chamber
we just found out that the Kings that
were getting buried here the people that
were excavating the tombs didn't know
where the previous Kings had built their
tunnels and tombs so although most of
them are separate this next one we're
going to it isn't like a straight line
because they were digging and then
accidentally ran into the tomb of
another King and had to like change
direction
I guess this is where they were digging
and came across the other team so they
have a diver this way
so we've left the Valley of the Kings
and we've driven down the road to this
small traditional village called corner
and we're going to see some of the hand
crafts and things they're doing here
making and cxeh the traditional Egyptian
techniques for making little sculptures
hello we have stories but the first
important estimate we have we call it a
la pasta a la pasta it's one of the most
famous and popular stone in lots of
cities
why because our grandfathers pharaonic
people they used to use this is to
decorate their temples and dreams so
this is stone we do bring it to prove
the mountains behind Valley of the Kings
the first time now it's tough to make
the shape with his own hammer
I'll finish what the reasoning with a
canister with and then we start to
smooshing the vows with the fire very
French
look how it will be when we were a
panther the lion because we hear a
mechanized styles to handle to the whole
of from limestone and all these
equipments what he used just a bent or
Vinson and if you would metal chisels
that says all these equipments but he
stayed up a lot in the trash wow that's
cold
look how he crafted he just use the
water also to make this phone with
all these amazing smell Oh sounds very
different
right I'm going to try one of their
spinny things that like cuts the hole in
the alabaster powder Rosco I'm trying
some traditional Egyptian pay this is a
minty
it's very tasty that is protective
now it's fun isn't it we got given these
giving these little ornaments to take
home
we don't usually take things home but
okay next up today we've just arrived at
the temple of queen hatshepsut and we're
going to have a look around
and yeah learn some more history there
she is
I love these little car trains that are
everywhere we go to save you walking
like a hundred meters
Briah tell us about this tempo so this
is a sample of queen hatshepsut I think
I'm saying that right but she was the
first Queen to actually rule as a king
and she convinced everyone that she was
a man by buying like a false beard and
getting a tan which back then only men
were tan because I mean normally stayed
inside and were pale and yeah she was
just like badass and she said she was
the daughter of Raw the god rah
my head was burning say I've got on an a
traditional and a headdress then it what
these are called Ashley but excuse me
for burning so I'm happy it's it's like
I reckon it's maybe like 40 degrees
we have a mysterious chamber which
apparently the tour guides on allowed to
explain so if anyone knows what this
chamber it is please let me know because
I am very curious
and then crazy guys my camera is almost
too hot to hold that's never happened
before but it's still working which is
blowing my mind because the a7s2 and the
ace of nrt were notorious for
overheating and like when I was in Egypt
last time on the world flight doing some
interviews that kept over here in every
five minutes but this a 7r3 that I've
been using a testing out is seems to be
better at dispersing the heat or
whatever it is so I'm impressed on the
breasts you would indeed some filming in
hot countries this could be a camera
Raya it's just loving life for that fan
everyone needs to come to Egypt one of
these let me tell you saying funny
though this isn't even rise fan hers is
too comfortable hotel room that's my fan
but I'm being a good boyfriend you can
have it I think I do enjoy heat more
than pretty much anyone else I know I'm
not even I'm not too hot right now I'm
okay I'm coping we are back at our hotel
for the afternoon we're just about to go
and get some lunch on a boat could a
fluke on the nile river check this out
this is incredible oh wow good thank you
wow this banquet they've prepared thank
you she's a special companion hello
Mohammed is gonna look after us
I'm trying I'm trying some Egyptian so
we went straight from the lunch to our
room slept for like three hours
the summer set now and now we're heading
to have a meal how unlike a parranda
like by the riverside and so we hadn't
mention to you guys is is actually minor
- three year anniversary it was like two
days ago something but I didn't mention
it so we can have a nice romantic meal
Cheers yeah let's get some paper straws
in there guys this is the best drink
ever we got it when we arrived at the
hotel and we've just been ordering it
ever since it's just apple juice lemon
juice and yeah fresh fresh mint this is
vegetable samosas vegetable tempura and
something else right we've got an
assortment of curries and other things
this is tom yum soup and dah and
vegetable curry and some other things I
forget we just got free platter for
dessert
we've a movie and a half of it already
but it's so delicious especially the
mango the mangos so good that was a
lovely evening and such a nice way to
celebrate our belated three-year
anniversary it's quite correctly that we
can explore you get together and this
has been on rice bucket list for ages
that we get to be here on a special
occasion so yeah um yeah I've had a
great day and looking forward to the
next couple of days
and I will catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy your life live the
adventure
