good morning guys it's bright and early
we're in Cairo in Egypt this vlog is
sponsored by experienced Egypt and for
the next few days we're going to be
exploring nightly fire over different
parts of Egypt and it's yeah it's really
exciting we flew in yesterday
I think we're here for five days and
Ryan's never been before and the first
thing we're doing this morning is going
to the most famous thing in Egypt which
of the other pyramids and yeah we're
gonna go check them out and we've got
out really early because it gets very
hot here and the hit in the heat of the
day we're gonna be fighting away so
I think I was here last may be October
maybe I was here October last year it's
exciting to be here in the Brier who's
never been before
how cool is this it was right there I
just can't believe this through is this
like bucket list number one like did
last time we have requested to go inside
the pyramids a lot of people don't know
inside the redzone you can so that's a
head up this one pyramid is made up of
three million blocks and if you lay them
side by side apparently that go along
the entire circumference of the
continent of Africa
we are inside this makes this really for
my remember it's quite a tight squeeze
entry how crazy is this
it literally is in damages
so we've reached the center of the
pyramid now this is the main burial
chamber it's kind of fascinating this
five kind of levels of chambers above us
as well which we can't get to oh yeah
this is pretty amazing one of the facts
women's
what's that
if you can store vegetables or fruits in
these chambers they don't go off are
they stay fresh and they don't know why
but I think it's maybe something to do
with like a magnetic field
so this is one of the forbidden tunnels
that we can't go down oh my gosh I want
to go down there so bad
it's definitely hotter than I now though
there's only one main route up to the
chamber I would recommend if you come
here doing this it's it's definitely
it's definitely worth actually going
inside the pyramid oh right how is that
other than being crazy hot yeah we
bought these fans luckily the day we
left the UK yeah
guys this is our boo he's a friend and
he's he's our guide as well today okay
he's our friend he's our friends but
he's guiding us around telling us all
the facts about the pyramids and where
we're going next okay okay take us to
the wonderful view so we've come up onto
a plateau and this is where you can look
across to see all three pyramids
together and that far one is the one
that we went inside also guys a lot of
people don't know this but there's
actually a hundred and twenty-four
pyramids in Egypt but obviously the
Pyramids of Giza other and the famous
ones and as I mentioned last time if you
look at this pyramid here the the
limestone at the top this was what all
of the pyramids looks like they had a
like a smooth finish but obviously over
the thousands of years they've weathered
away
we've come around the other side of the
pyramid so this is where the Sphinx is
check it out yeah we're just gonna get a
better view we're gonna stroll over
there just found out something pretty
interesting so the named Sphinx actually
came from the Greeks who came to Egypt
thousands of years after like I guess
the Egyptian Empire was around and the
original statue is called aku racket I
think that's the name and it's built
from one single block of limestone
that's impressive
this is one single block that's crazy
now we are back in our minivan and we're
heading to the egyptian museum now where
we're gonna see a ton of artifacts and
then more history
she a fan so if you've got more stuff
so we were just told the Egyptian Museum
was built in 1898 and opened in 1901 and
there was the first museum to be built
like as the museum as most of the
museum's are originally palaces or
whatever but this was like yeah Wow
this is the rosetta stone this is
actually a replica the originals in the
British Museum but this shows the
deciphering of why like the hieroglyphic
language so it's hieroglyphics Arabic
and in Greek here and yeah this is the
dude this is the french egyptologist who
kind of deciphered the language which is
cool
these hieroglyphics are incredibly
detailed look at look at how long each
one would have taken to like carve out
so cool this is the kinky ops who was in
the burial chamber that we got into in
the first pyramid this is the only
recorded statue of him look at the
detail in the eye was that I made of the
cornea
I'm skin a little cheeky espresso before
we like hits the airport this number
plate we thought said love but it's
actually Arabic letters 1 574 but it
says love that's so good we've arrived
back at the airport
I'm gonna show you where we're going
before we go to the hotel we have
stopped at luxor temple and it is the
most incredible light right now golden
hour yeah just a beautiful temple to
roam around we're gonna find out a bit
more about it I also just found out that
a bit further on so like I think
tomorrow or the next day we're gonna be
a bit further south we're still on the
Nile River and down there they have
crocodiles which they don't have in
Cairo so we're gonna go and find some
Nile crocodiles hopefully
Egypt is so rich in history it's like
mind blowing this whole temples like
4000 years old I think those days just
don't even make sense Lee and it's just
this is so much cool stuff everywhere
look all this hieroglyphic detail again
I know what this is all saying to try
and find a translator so we were just
told in 300 AD this temple obviously is
like 4,000 years old but in 300 AD the
Christians came in here and put plaster
over the hieroglyphics and you can see
up here this like a Christian mural so
that was like the Romans came in and as
crazy isn't it to look underneath and
then it's like Egyptian
Oh guys I forgot to introduce this is
Mahmoud he's going to be showing us
around the next few days thank you for
this evening
oh my gosh this is awesome and that's
the Nile River just there sorry for my
it sir after 0 for 9 it's a wristband
sir
oh that's where we going to marry so
this Bank it's old as a Mountie it's
it's lighted exact is evening this is
where we're going tomorrow guys I
managed to get some editing done it's
time to get some sleep because we've got
another early start tomorrow we're
getting up at like 6:30 again for ya to
leave at 7:00 to get to some amazing
temple somewhere again trying to avoid
the heat of the day but it does mean
that we finished our day of activities
kind of after lunch which means
hopefully we'll get to hang out at this
beautiful hotel that we're staying at
and yeah I'm really looking forward to
the next couple of days we looked at the
itinerary and we are going to be doing
some epic epic things so make sure you
tune in guys
and yeah follow our adventures in Egypt
for the next like three or four days and
if you got any suggestions of things to
do here comment below
peace out enjoy life and live adventure
the
