good afternoon guys
we have dis arrived in Malibu for an
Instagram party on the beach this is
pretty exciting we got the invite the
other day we're about to head in to this
out
we kind of fail with my not getting
lunch and they don't have any fee do
they they ran out apparently had tacos
but they ran out okay we're now with
David Alex and Dona we're playing this
dunk tank game
go for it Alex
now this is gonna get hard out guys
check out this cool dog Hey
opponent along upon it as all middle
said we're not living in the past
great news guys this food it's just
arrived we've got tacos over here and
they were surprised on this like this
wall here but I'm gonna I'm gonna make a
veggie taco ASAP now all of this block
yeah
right the party is coming to an end it's
been pretty cold it's been minglang's
caught up with a few friends we're gonna
wander back now we have Grady mark cane
here nor and words willand bullied okay
and we are going to the bus not everyone
here seen the bus yet it's been this
week has just been me like showing
everyone the bus literally the whole of
VidCon every day that is the bus over
there so no no it's just behind the palm
trees behind the palm trees we managed
to find a parking spot I can't believe
we actually found that parking spot I
spotted it as we're coming this way and
then I've blocked traffic and had to do
a three-point turn to turn around and
come back this way
come in welcome to the bus I call I call
this the happiness Wow hashtag hipster
in one sentence it is the bus this is
the most hipster bar the bedroom oh this
is a pretty epic parking spot isn't it
literally step out the door the oceans
right there it would be quite nice
ooh I was saying if there wasn't like a
loud busy road here this would be quite
a nice spot to park
got offers on a little we're stand-up
paddleboard do some surfing there's a
lot of up and down suspension gonna
bounce in this bus I'll try and take it
easy okay we are heading to Santa Monica
now we've got we've picked up a few few
extras in a few stragglers let's go
we are back in Venice we've just checked
into our Airbnb and we are walking to
one of our favorite places to eat
Takaya which is this delicious Mexican
place do you like my what my Instagram
sweater actually when we uploaded the
vlog when do we have one with the blog
of us like looking for houses there was
so many people that we're asking why
we're moving to LA why we left town all
that stuff and I just can't even express
to you how happy we are here this area
in particular is like divided like a lot
when I first came to LA I guess yeah so
when I first came to LA in state of
Sawyer although I really enjoy saying
Sawyer and meeting a lot of YouTube
people Hollywood wasn't my vibe and I
can understand why people wouldn't vibe
with that but Venice Beach yeah yeah the
houses are amazing really cool vibes
it's like definitely the hippy kind of
area in LA I don't even know if I've
been shot okay so the reason that we
want to move to LA one main reason is
friends like all of our friends are here
and we were just at VidCon and whatever
we'd meet someone or likes gets to see
someone for 10 minutes it's like oh it's
so good to see you could catch up and
then we leave and don't see them again
for like a year
yeah but I was saying once we live here
then when these people are gonna be like
hey let's actually go to dinner next so
you can like really get to properly chat
and catch up with everyone or we can
even host people which is something we
haven't been able to do forever
like having people over for dinner or
just to come and chill or to play board
games that's the dream yeah friends also
it is like the place where so many of
the companies are we have a bunch of
meetings and stuff it's just like the
creative hub I guess in America yeah
that makes sense
also I just think the lifestyle that we
have when we're here like I just said
I'm going to be working
and I'm gonna be working out every day
this week and we get to eat really
healthy like Takei is like organic vegan
Mexican and I just feel like we can like
live our best lives and it's sunny
most the time and I haven't been as good
as Raya with like getting back on
fitness stuff like the bike ride I did
like a month ago over a month and a half
or whatever it was it was really good
like got me excited about fitness this
is a really cool place to get into
fitness like there's Muscle Beach and
there's all the calisthenics which is
like bodyweight training which is down
at the beach go to weather
I'm gonna get all of that once we get a
place here I'm going to try and build a
bit of routine routine I don't like the
word routine but maybe there's a better
word that helps me feel more chilled
about it but it is quite freeing like I
often think routine can be restricted
but I think it's the opposite I think it
can help you do the things you actually
want to be doing and achieving and
something that you don't even really
consider until you don't live anywhere
is that if you wake up each morning and
you're like where am I getting my
breakfast from like what you're just
trying to make all these little
decisions throughout the day when you
travel full time but it takes up your
whole day but if you have a routine and
you wake up and you like work out you
know that there's like smoothie stuff in
the fridge and all that stuff is kind of
sorted then it means you can actually
dream bigger and like work on big
projects and just like do more with your
life so it would just be an amazing
place to like come back unpack chill get
healthy and then travel again I love all
the street are in Venice as well and
this is an interesting mural because
this is these are like the canals in
Venice and this is why it's actually
named Venice did you know it because
it's like a mini Venice yeah obviously
the canals are from like Italy Venice in
Italy say
there you go
we're gonna go out on a mission tomorrow
and go and do like some photo shooting
around the canal area we should be fun
look how nice the venison looks I think
this is celebrating pride I think it's
like pride awakened something
you have our food we're gonna ride Birds
back oh okay oh can you have their food
thanks guys how nice is this
Airbnb it could either read fairy lights
okay we've got our food we're watching
lies on demand which is her new YouTube
original show this is so freaking tasty
we've walked back down to Abbot Kinney
which is like one block from where we
stay for this place salt & straw it's
almost 11 p.m. and it's still open I
think it closes at 11:00 but anyway this
is like an ice cream place I think
they've got some vegan ice cream which
I'm gonna get
yeah I just remembered I'm allergic to
strawberries but maybe it isn't real
strawberries
oh no I'm mildly allergic I found that I
guess like a few months ago you just
gave me a tingly feeling my mouth Simon
this could be an interesting this is
very slowly oh no it's been a pretty fun
day it's nice to be back in village like
we were saying and you know we're gonna
spend a few more days here before
heading off next week to Egypt I think
that's the plan I think heading to Egypt
there's a lot of last-minute trips
happening over the next month and
horizon and for being before we're gonna
go with the Tourism Board and hopefully
I'll get to see parts of Egypt so I've
never been to either so yeah that's the
plan but yeah we've got a few more days
in LA first and hopefully we'll get to
catch up with a few more friends all
right seeing morning Excel
enjoy life and live the adventure
