good morning guys I've left VidCon in
Anaheim and driven up to Pasadena today
today's vlog is sponsored by Intel and
they've invited me to be part of a
really exciting project they're doing
with a bunch of influences from around
the world and we're going to be meeting
with them and their marketing team to
learn about the new Intel i7 8th
generation processor and I'm gonna be
getting a 2 in 1 laptop today to test
out see how the processor performs when
I'm trying to edit 4k video and yeah
hopefully in the meeting today just
learn a bit more about why processes are
important and what it is you to do and
me to do as a creator trying to make
cool videos on YouTube let's go in we
just come up to the roof Sarah's here
hey joining me and Sarah is Austin just
met when did you fly in so he just came
to join us and we're about to have a
presentation about this campaign this
project but we've never had it like
centralized conservative kind of global
effort to stay like how can we change
how we're marketing to reach our
audience more directly and in a more
authentic way so this is the beginning
of we're hoping is a lot more of this
kind of real storytelling product in the
wild product being used showing usages
that we talk about all the time bringing
it to life and if you like like we're
starting something that we're hoping can
be a lot bigger than we thought
literally
we're calling it the innovator program
right now that is really sort of tell me
is that is that like you don't want us
referencing that name in on our videos
where you don't like guys do you like
this name for the program innovator we
do like yeah yeah that's a great idea
I've got to say I am very impressed with
this office space this is one of the
coolest office spaces I've seen this
room particularly this little boardroom
it's been a really fun morning with the
Intel team I've been given my term one
device I've quickly come back to my
hotel room to set it up and still some
of the software I usually use like
Photoshop Lightroom Premiere let's check
this out
so this is the HP Spectre 360 with a 4k
screen 16 gig of ram a terabyte
solid-state hard drive and obviously the
Intel Core i7 eighth-generation
processor and similar to other term on
devices I've had before
you've got laptop mode and then you can
flip it around to full tablet mode and
you can also put it in tent mode it
flips around there there's a stylist I'm
looking forward to to playing around
with this stylus more something I've
been wanting to do is learn calligraphy
and then back to a laptop mode so yeah
it's been really cool today learning
about Intel and the benefits of their
8th gen processor some of the benefits
are that it's much faster at
multitasking and I usually have multiple
windows open different software running
whether it's premiere
making thumbnails and Photoshop probably
editing
scrams at the same time in lightroom and
yeah this can handle all of that plus
when I'm browsing on the internet I
often have like a million tabs open
multiple YouTube videos I'm flicking
between it's also built to handle the
latest high-end software and I'm gonna
put it to the test later on by editing
this vlog in 4k and I'll give you a full
lowdown we've collected riah
and we are heading now to the Griffith
Observatory which is apparently is
closed on a Monday but it's still an
amazing view over LA we're gonna do a
little photo shoot like do some
instagrams and then I'm gonna try out
the two in one I've had to back up
because I got that 85 for the focal
length but this is pretty cool with Riya
and the Hollywood sign behind
if you haven't been to the Griffith
Observatory you have to come here guys
this is like the number one place to get
a beautiful view over LA so this is it
just a massive telescope up there and
then check this out I've been here a few
times I think I first came in 2013 when
I first came to LA this is cool isn't it
yeah behind the scenes of an Instagram
this is how the magic is made guys you
make it look so easy on Instagram was
just like yeah it's like not 200 people
coming up - oh is it okay part of this
campaign is showing how mobile this
two-in-one devices so I brought it out
with me I'm gonna try and edit some of
the instagrams out whilst we're chilling
unfortunately the cafe's closed that's
where we were gonna chill and have a
coffee but we're gonna make this work
anyway I need to get thumbnail for this
video so I'm thinking we're gonna pose
in front of the dome here with the
Hollywood sign behind and I might do
some cheesy pose of the laptop we'll see
was they this is pretty nice lighting
right now it's approaching Golden Hour
this is it's pretty nice this is pretty
nice
okay I'm gonna throw some other photos
we just take
to the laptop and play around and
Lightroom see if I can do some editing
this sunset is awesome guys
I just got some bangers on the 85 of
Raya
definitely one of my top sunset spots in
LA
okay Sun is set we're heading to dinner
now then we're gonna eat a sage back in
Pasadena this is so pretty
okay I've starters have arrived guys
this is the young calamari it's made of
coconut this is awesome then I got some
Brussels sprouts and some dal soup how
good does this I've got my after-dinner
coffee and we're just looking through
some of the photos we took earlier what
is your head gone off on an adventure
it's like properly going off an
adventure briar said she likes her
swishy hair in this one that is swushi
any of these in focus they're all out of
focus my eyes what am i doing
oh hello guys we found the one we have
found the Instagram that's it that's the
perfect natural place right back at the
hotel I've been editing the vlog from
today for a couple of hours in 4k on
this machine and I am really impressed I
honestly thought because it's a
two-in-one device it would lose
performance but it really hasn't and you
can flip it and use it as a tablet like
we were earlier over dinner
like having fun swiping through photos
so yeah I'm really impressed with the
eighth generation Intel processor it's
noticeably faster and handles 4k video
much better than devices I use with the
previous generation processors from
Intel like my macbook pro or the XPS 15
that was using last year I want to show
you quickly how it handles 4k so this is
full resolution and I'm scrubbing in the
timeline and there's no glitching it's
super fast so I've been dragging these
4k clips in and yeah it's just a much
faster process being able to do this and
not having to deal with the lag I can
normally do I also tested the render
time earlier and render time is really
important to me because I'm rendering my
vlogs everyday I'm having to rush and
get them uploaded and stuff so again
really really impressed with how fast it
renders 4k video and lastly although
I've been doing a lot of intensive
editing and 4k the battery life has
lasted a lot longer than I'm used to
usually I can't edit an entire vlog on
one battery I have to plug it in which
gets difficult if I'm flying and planes
don't have power sockets and stuff so if
you want to learn more about this
particular laptop or other 2 in 1
laptops powered by the Intel Core
an eighth generation processors check
the links below and in the near future
I'm going to do an update vlog letting
you guys know how I'm getting on and
doing on my vlog edits on this laptop
right I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
