good afternoon guys it's been a really
stressful day for me today I've been
running around all morning trying to
sort out things returning the rental car
figuring out some problems one of the
biggest problems is you know he drove
the Wonder bug back from Vegas after
getting an extortionate amount of money
fixing after I'd spent an extortioner
money fixing it anyway got about to
Vegas back from Vegas and yeah the
engines completely broken and the guys
here are saying the other mechanics
didn't do things right and it shouldn't
have broken on one drive and we were we
were being careful as well we were
stopping we were checking it anyway so
now the engine needs replacing
ah so stressful I don't know what to do
to be honest because also I'm flying out
in like a couple of hours so I can't
really be here to figure out a plan so
thankfully these guys are gonna look
after it this is the yes theory house
guys just hanging out with the other
night anyway they've offered to kind of
keep an eye on a bigger plan out maybe
they can park it here until I get back
ah anyway I'm just trying to calm myself
down and something I am looking forward
to is I have received in the post a
package from boosted BOTS and they have
released their new booster boards so let
me yeah I haven't opened it yet I was
waiting I was waiting to open it with
you guys alright here's the package guys
look what's inside
okay this is the original boosted I've
been riding one of these for a couple of
years it does have you may have seen
Casey nice that did a little review on
this a couple of like a month ago
something the one one of the big issues
is like trying to carry this around when
you're not riding it it's a bit of a
nightmare so I'm hoping that this new
board is Wow oh that's way that's way
easier to carry
yeah that's nice that is really cold now
always worried it was gonna be more of a
natural cannot escape properly but this
is it's calm it's like a hybrid between
a longboard and her that looks like the
one that yeah
I can't I cannot wait to try this now
okay alright let's try this out oh my
gosh
oh did you see the back end skin is
skidded on the sand
guys I am blown away by how amazing this
new booster board is it's it's actually
feels almost easier to ride I thought
it'd be more difficult cuz it's shorter
but it's way more maneuverable like you
can turn a lot easier on it and somehow
I don't know how with it it almost feels
a bit more stable there might be my
imagination though
oh yeah this is this is for sure my new
mode of travel around Venice is unreal
guys I just want to demonstrate how easy
it is once you've been riding be able to
pick it up take it just easy just to
like carry with you it's yeah it's a
completely different fields are having
to lug around the normal long board I
don't know where those quotes fast I
need to look into the kind of speed
stats and stuff but it feels pretty
nippy definitely fast enough for me
unfortunately guys we have to cut the
fun short because I'm already late for
the airport and yeah I don't to miss my
flight so I'm gonna call that day there
but yeah I'm looking forward to getting
back to Venice and having a lot of fun
with this made it to the airport oh I am
this kids stressful today but I
definitely feel that that ride on the
boosted boards yeah kind of didn't calm
my nerves but yeah it got me out of that
stress man something I just know that as
soon as I stayed on the plane I'm gonna
have this sigh of relief and I'm not
gonna feel any stress anymore it always
happens when I get in the plane it's
kind of weird like some people have our
anxiety being on the plane but I feel
super relaxed I can't wait just to get
my seat and just be like
I haven't told you guys yet why I'm
flying back to London for a few weeks
these days you may have seen a my
Instagram and Twitter announced a few
weeks ago that I was chosen as an
ambassador for the YouTube initiative
creates for change which is yeah it's
something I've been kind of loosely
involved with and I've done to a few of
the summits the last couple years but
this is the first time I've had an
official role and this is really
intensive like three-day I guess I don't
know like conference happening and we're
going to be learning a lot networking
hearing from different people and yeah
connecting with other Creators from
around the world that are doing content
that's centered around social good and
justice and yeah try that make youtube a
platform that's wholesome and good and
yeah just create great content really so
I feel very privileged to have been
included in that group of people and
yeah I'll tell you guys along with four
other conference I don't know exactly
what's going to be happening who's
talking how interesting is going to be
but yeah it's going to be a fun time and
then the end of the week I'm going to go
into it briar and Nick and ang and
little baby Jesse in Italy we're going
to be going on the cruise so it's going
to be pretty epic and
yeah it's been a short time in LA
something I have learned is I guess when
you at one point when we were in LA the
last couple of weeks I felt like well
not really getting much done I didn't
feel very productive but having that
open space where I had a jam-packed each
day doing things that flogging each day
opened up some amazing connections and
opportunities that I maybe would have
been open to wouldn't have met people
have I've been really busy so and it
made me realize sometimes you've got to
allow the space to for new opportunities
to happen in your life so if you if you
seem like you're incredibly busy and
you're not giving time to meet new
people and doing things you wouldn't
normally could be a good direction if
you're if you're feeling like if you're
a wolf and you have some cool
opportunities opened up we got the bus
somewhere to live and yeah we're still
thinking about what the next steps are
in terms of living in community who we
want to do with that
with how big the house should be how
many people are going to be living there
all those kind of things which we will
be exploring probably around August now
when we come back for a bit longer so
watch this space it's very exciting and
yeah it feels like a real shift in my
life like I kind of knew
a new path so I'll keep you posted
I'll keep you involved ice and I'll see
you bright and early in London tomorrow
morning
peace out into your life
