good morning guys
we are just arriving the airport in LA
and we are heading to Las Vegas today to
go and pick up the wonder bug I think
there's like a month over a month ago I
lent it to a friend and it broke down so
it's been getting some repairs
apparently it's in good condition the
engines running well and yeah we're
gonna go pick it up and drive it back to
LA today so I'm excited to be reunited
oh no so it's nice traveling light if
it's out I'm literally this is all I'm
taking for the day so this is for my
laptop and some bits in I need for
editing guys we just got through
security check this out
homeboy bakery I am talked about this
before but way back in like 2013 I
visited the main bakery in I don't know
where it is but it's in LA but this is a
really cool enterprise where they kind
of employ
ex-cons and I guess people that are
struggling to get back into the
the you know into the job market and
teach some baking skills so he's pretty
cool
we're in Vegas look look literally this
gambling machines in the airport I've
never seen this before that's kind of
crazy that was a really short flight
like 40 minutes thank you
all right has just been dropped off
there she is oh yeah how do you feel
yeah there's been quite a bit done to
her hopefully it's are working now all
right the other issue we have today is
it's very hot and we've been advised not
to drive through the heat because these
old VW camper vans are have like
air-cooled engines so if you're driving
in intense heat for a long time the
engine can overheat so we're going to go
and grab some lunch and and I guess take
it in short legs as well so we're not
putting too much strain on check this
out check this out that is my dream
we've had lunch we're about to hit the
road but we've got a serious problem the
radio isn't working and we need the
radio working for a road trip so we're
gonna whizz back past where it got
repaired I think maybe just a little
cables come disconnected or something
but I thought it'd be quicker to get
them helpful to help me but yeah we need
music we need music though
right the dudes switched our fuse now
the head units working but the amp
behind the seat and the face pins not
working and the speakers so I can't hear
anything we're just checking a wire at
the back now we're getting there we are
getting there somehow the amps been
disconnected which is my suspicion so
we're just trying to figure out where
these cables good so it's gotta be end
of that case okay sound the culprit
alright stopping off for our first
refuel not just petrol but I need to get
coffee as well got a long drive it says
it's four hours in a normal car but we
have to take it super slow apparently
some steep hills and it's hot and stuff
so I think it's gonna take us about
seven hours Oregon with including brakes
okay we've made it probably a hundred
miles it's saying we've still got three
hours to go but again it's more like six
hours I think maybe we're did in five
we do however need to take little breaks
before going up some of these hills
because obviously the engines working
really hard and getting hot so and we
just taken that time plodding a lot it's
pretty fun there's music which obviously
music is a great thing for road trips
but if you can also listen to podcasts
and learn new things
so the van won't start we just spent so
much money getting this fix and it's
broken again I feel like it comes with
the territory
is your inevitably gonna be stuck in
vehicles or being vehicles when they
catch on fire which has happened twice
to me
did you fix it did you see what the
problem was
no might be a loose wire I want to save
like the lights were swimming at the
initial start I know
weird right you just turn off the radio
for a bit maybe yeah I think the
batteries is struggling that makes me
wonder whether the alternator is not
working
okay so we've gotten better
we are about to pass this is how my mom
and I drove down this road
did a road trip with her
I can't cancel it of the craziest names
I've ever
just I want you to try to figure how to
pronounce it
who feels like somebody was having a
joke like they got to neighbor roads and
they were like midnight was still just
under a hundred miles from LA and maybe
we're like 90 miles anyway the battery's
dead on the van basically I think the
new throttle cable accelerator cable
that was put in either loosened or
untied and or something so I kept on
stalling I don't know whether that's
related but also there seems to be an
issue with the charging the battery
whether the old tonight is broken or
something I don't know obviously there's
a as I said before there's a there's a
sacrifice you make with reliability and
things working when you choose to I
guess have a vintage vehicle like a
classic like this but I quite like
tinkering away but the problem in the
moment is with the dead battery the only
option I've got is to try and push start
of guessing it's around 4 a.m. now way
back in Venice we're on the happiness
bus and yeah it's not ideal we are
moving into a new air B&B tomorrow but
it's all made due tonight and it's been
a very long day look very long day of
driving and like I said wonder bug isn't
as fixed as I hoped it would be
but I'm not that surprised
because like I said these old vehicles
are they're the nightmare but I still
think they're worth it so I'm probably
gonna drop it over to another mechanics
tomorrow just to see if there's a simple
fix for why I'm losing power up the
hills and and stuff also if any of you
guys are a VW camper experts yeah it's
just like losing power so it was
stalling a lot but I think I think
that's to do the loose accelerator cable
but I feel like there's something wrong
with like the power coming into the
engine it's just nothing like what used
to be - remember when after VidCon two
years I think it must been two years ago
but we took it up into Northern
California and oregan we ended up in
Seattle but when we were staying in this
like amazing place out in the forest we
took this we took the Wonder buck up the
steepest hill and it had no problem but
we did some race straigh out there and
then me and Sam in Montana drove up a
mountain so I know it's capable but we
just need to get it back to its former
glory
anyway I could do more of that another
day it's good to have it back and yeah
we're gonna have some fun in LA this
week but yeah still vehicles they are
the bane of my life all right catch you
in the morning peace out enjoy life the
adventure
