good morning guys
we're in the most beautiful location yet
on the trip this is our hotel we stayed
in last night in this incredible Valley
we are we actually started in here laid
like it's already dark so and it's the
first time I'm seeing it and it's
stunning and we're about to cycle now
obviously and today was due to be the
longest and hardest day but we've
slightly reject the route it's not gonna
be as scenic but it's gonna be 6,000
feet less than originally and it's going
to be like I think 20 miles less as well
so I'm feeling fine about it yesterday
it was actually my toughest day I wasn't
blogging but yeah we ended up going
off-road for like 10 miles uphill and it
was brutal my knees which you know just
from the shake and stuff oh yeah
feeling bad feeling the worst if felt so
yeah see how I get on today
Royer joined for a little bit yesterday
as well oh maybe not yeah you did just
as we came in on my 360 camera anyway
Ryan might join after lunch yeah 43 yeah
that was like your training right yeah
one of the groups is already set off the
other guys are just getting ready and
yeah we're almost we're almost ready to
go you're looking forward to today Andy
no
what about you son you're looking
forward to today yeah I think it's gonna
be better than yesterday yeah I'm hoping
this is quite scenic just cycling out
here yeah it's a bit of late night it's
always tenant
the blood is pumping the endorphins kick
in I can see why he waxed tied to the
body by just I just would struggle
well guys the nice easy down here or
scenic part is over we're now on an
off-road gravel track again it's not
quite as bad as yesterday but this bike
cannot handle these tracks at all it's
very bumpy and a second ago the whole
rack on the back just fell off one of
the bolts it wiggled loose just like
struggling on my own trying to surely
like fix it back together all the other
guys had gone ahead because you know
they're much faster on the normal bikes
and there's no phone reception here so I
can't even call them to tell them to
wait up so yes this is just a bit tricky
really and really uncomfortable but I'm
hoping soon we hit another paved road
there seems to be no way of telling on
the maps which roads are paved and which
roads are gravelly like this but yeah
it's kind of exhausting I hope there's
not too much of this today door is no
joke my back tire just came off
completely thought it is buckled but
it's just it's just completely come off
I think the this quick-release thing
must have rattled loose luckily my dad
packed me some rubber gloves thanks dad
so don't have to get my hands all you
guys
the Rosie got a lot better this is good
and we have got love uphill
we're about to do but it's fine with
tarmacs roads it's all good and I just
pulled over because check how cool this
house is it is literally like something
out Hobbiton that house is built into
the mountain into that cliff how cute is
that
alright we made it to the cafe met back
up with Schmidt be back you're back how
was it this morning with the other guys
now you're gonna have another life is
this the top this is your talk yeah
thing is dry from falling in the river
let's say you fell in the river should
probably hit the ride still like two and
a half hours to lunch
according to the map I think we have
about 10 to 12 miles of downhill now
which I am looking forward to it almost
makes the uphills worth it such a nice
place we're in those just forests as far
as the eyes can see especially from the
top
I've been the highlights my right always
like I was like propylene in the corners
to make sure to get a playhouse Nick was
that dazzle of my fate that's my
favorite section of the trip so far
Linzer doesn't look good does it think
is right and these it's bit exhausted on
the floor over there
we have arrived at lunch feels later
than love sight another amazing meal did
you pick this oh thanks join effort how
was it a little bit shaky to eat this
chris is kindly switching out the back
tire because I buckled my back tire
apparently I've bent the whole frame I
wonder what the weird noises were yeah
guys who just walked down to find little
cafe to get a coffee cute this is siesta
I hope they haven't closed
yes
all right the whales are feeling good
got rid of that squeak was gonna bit of
a squeak they're basically a
full-service and why bike ready for this
afternoon's cycle Oh refueled and back
on the ride
are you funny today Andy yeah send out
pretty pretty chilled I think this
morning was like quite tough
I am currently doing a live stream as
you can see there but I had to stop and
vlog this as well basically over here
it's like little hobbit holes like these
little houses built into the hillside
how cool is that it's amazing
maybe that's where the inspiration came
from fer Hobbiton because they look like
they've been there for hundreds of years
he's mad all right I better hurry up
we've got 17 miles to go and I've got a
crackin win this live stream guys thanks
for letting blog we have 5 miles to go
sunsets in 10 minutes though so we're
probably gonna be
yeah 20 minutes after dark but look the
lights my light their backlight
look how beautiful sky those that were
these clouds are there guys we made it
all that flipping steep hill still alive
or you're dripping sweat we also just
snuck this inside the hotel
I think everyone snapped their bikes in
she wasn't having any of it but just
smoking it hide up in our rooms
hopefully we're gonna be here for two
days now just chilling when I take the
day off tomorrow just get some editing
done spend some time in Rio and yeah try
and recuperate some energy we are
walking to dinner and this town is
incredible we're just looking at the
views check us out that mountain so lit
up this is absolutely nuts that is so
beautiful I can't wait to see this in
the day look at that castle
our starters come out look at those
wedges their monster wedges and and
there's these really cute lower heart
shapes source sources saw stitches all
right we had an amazing dinner it's the
end of the night and yeah see you guys
tomorrow
make sure if you haven't already you go
click the link below and if you've got
any spare cash it'd be awesome if you
wanted to sponsor me and well regenerate
and yeah help us raise the money for the
sponsor cycle right that'd be amazing
all right in the morning peace out into
a life baby venture
