good morning guys we are in San
Sebastian it's our first day riding in
Spain and yeah we're we're not up super
early thankfully we haven't got a major
day today we're doing about 60 miles I
think we've like other like a few
thousand feet of elevation yeah I'm
feeling okay then alright I think wants
to be on the road get my legs moving
yeah not looking forward to the really
steep hills but gotta get used to them
because we are heading into Pyrenees
next few days it's gonna be some big
clients all right we're off following
our strawberry I start cycling a tap
which we're tracking on routes and stuff
me and handle in Xela going ahead
because I'm a bit slow up and the other
should be able to catch up looks like
we've got a bit of a downhill to start
with yeah lift it lift it
but probably almost 10 miles in we've
had a we've had our first proper
accident of a trip there's a big fat
curb here and we were all just coming
down the hill and one of the guys yeah
came off the front of his bike just hit
the curb hard did you see it did anyone
see it happening Andy did you see it
happening you mean he's a very good
cyclist yeah he's around these own crew
did a couple of double some mistakes in
the fixing the bike back up Yusuf's
doing okay hopefully that's a lesson
learned for the rest of the ride as
careful as possible
how's everyone is what render whether
you enjoyed watching this
comment below and how much you love you
much in the recycle across the whole
continent oh it's a whole continent
across round the world
guys we're inside a tunnel but my salsa
blaring turns out
on a crazy
I've got a little backlight on so
hopefully on they can see me
okay we are just about to do a massive
climb up to the top of a hill where
we're having lunch it's about six miles
but it's a pretty extreme climb so we're
just prepping getting ready what do you
think the climb is up to the top
Wow okay twelve underfoot in like five
miles it's a biggie
yeah you lads ready for this yeah it's
been a pretty good morning so far lovely
views like techy we're just going along
the side of this light river in the
valley
we're almost at the top of the mountain
that was the most exhausting part of
this whole ride yeah
I am sweating their legs are on fire oh
this is serious challenge don't know
where the others are to have gone ahead
think I'm fed out the eight of us and
then the others must be slowly making
their way up oh my gosh whoa
great news day I'm just a little bit
preoccupied to kind of take them in but
I'm sure when we get to the top and have
a little break or you know yeah just
soak in the bees I'm hoping there's no
more no more pause cows steep is that
where do you think the others are I look
down I couldn't even see him coming up
yes that was flipping hard turns out
this isn't too bad up the hills it is
exhausting but doesn't seem like it's
any worse than the bikes is there
timing-wise bike the other - no may not
I beat the others oh yeah it's like five
miles all right time to refuel get some
get some lunch
oh yes Chris what are you cooking some
beans barbecue
oh nice nice all right I'm gonna tuck
into this oh this is what I've learned
is the most critical thing of the day
guys
keeping topped up I think I've done all
right other than I feel like two days
ago I had a bit of a afternoon crash
because I haven't eaten enough but I
think probably make them that mistake
today oh this is a lovely little town
with Stockton as well isn't it
how you doing Ross yeah how did you find
that hill you like the hills gives you a
buzz a spray that was a pretty steep
climb Annette we've been here probably
25 minutes yeah no it's going well so
it's going in time of Gary's music this
ding-ding that was hot in here
we have just stopped off for about an
hour for these boys to watch the end of
the Chelsea football match they won then
they win nice nice anyway we've got
about seven miles to go now we are in
super chill mode it's been a great day
it's been a great today
I can will do this ride about 40 minutes
I had to double espresso's bag of crisps
few energy bars ready to go
Mike Lee sin clip these are nice lock
the clips in there my chains come off
device which has arrived in this
beautiful little Spanish town I don't
know what it's called do you know that
Bellator's town is Pamplona ah excuse
excuse me
disculpa they stay stories French net
anyway we were just pulling up where
it's staying hopefully just trying to
figure out it's beautiful on these
streets this is brooding picturesque
that I have never been here I've been a
few place in Spain but
lovely oh look I let you I found I've
read
this is the best place of stated net
yeah
we've got a group room tonight in this
hostel check it out all of us in bunk
beds and I just found the takeout curry
place so we're just getting orders in
and hopefully in an hour or so we'll
have a massive feast curry paste as much
as I love Spanish food I just need some
sustenance and Indian foods great for
vegans so that's why that's why I kind
of pushed for curry tonight any more
orders and a vegetable vegetable dense a
oh I did see a dumb fat guys this is
what curry for how many of them is it 15
people it's like I'm so anything it's
just devour this LeBron feeling
all right absolutely feast great way to
end the day right at the end of the
night it's 11 p.m.
who'll go to bed I'm going to step for a
couple of hours everything but we are
off again not too early 9 a.m. tomorrow
morning we're heading off on the next
leg and yeah it's been a good day it's
been a good day
and guys if you haven't already I'd love
it if you would sponsor me for this
cycle right for a good cause and lift
the link below and check it out see what
it's all about but um yeah it's been
very demanding and tough but yeah it's
been a good challenge and we're almost
halfway there I think I catch in the
morning peace out
enjoy life the adventure
