good morning guys today is an exciting
day you know we've been waiting to get
our house furnished and we're looking at
different options and other though we're
still looking for some things definitely
some roof top furniture anyway we've
been recommended to come to the Long
Beach antiques market and there's a ton
of furniture different things here so
we've woken up super early and come down
to Long Beach and yeah I'm hoping we get
to find cinema gems it's the plan guys
this is the kind of vibe we want to go
for in the house like even though it's
like a very modern house we want to get
some feature pieces like this where we
like where it's like natural wood but
maybe not a glass top I'm not sure I
can't believe the Sun is only just
rising
I want to get a globe guys I'm just
trying to figure out what kind of 101
okay we're looking for furniture for a
roof how is that good we found a big bed
ahead this is potential we're trying to
find a dining room table and chairs
this is $900 before before our haggling
that little barrel thing that is cool
yeah this is this is my jam
check out this awesome flower pot just a
buck
this is the coolest globe I've seen yet
look how cool this is
I like this I want to get a big world
map but this one's a little bit too new
I don't want to get a really old vintage
one that is amazing
this whole antique market vibe thing is
very new for us obviously so there's a
few things we're realizing firstly there
is like every single style and era of
everything here and it's just a bit
overwhelming without realizing exactly
what kind of style we want to do but
it's very cool just figuring it all out
I think what we're gonna do
possibly get a few items today but then
go away and spend a few days on
Pinterest like figuring out exactly the
kind of vibe we're going for and then
when we come back we know we can always
choose the think kind of things were
looking for before we come and then come
and grab stuff I kind of knew that we
wanted certain furniture items but I
think this is more this isn't so much
furniture it's more like cool little
knickknacks and stuff okay we're back
home we've just had an exciting delivery
check it out this is the outdoor couch
that we're gonna set up on the roof
basically so far all the roofs being is
like a workout space for sound sounds to
speed up here everyday like
is it is crazy crazy Willa
it's gonna be cool though we need some
suggestions there guys we're looking for
some way of like shading the roof and we
don't want to do an umbrella see we're
thinking of like somehow having a delay
some kind of awning or material that we
can like pull across when we want to
shade it but that's not there
permanently so let me know if you got
some ideas this is gonna be such a cool
space though we're gonna have lots of
cool little events up here and I want to
do like acoustic music poetry nights
that kind of vibes oh yeah
some hoping we bought enough sofas to
make a little u-shape at the end there
oh we can do like housemate dinners it's
gonna drain
okay we just jumped up into the very top
of our roof to get a little bit better
view this is so cool
Blanco speedy garbage disposal you can
chuck it down there maybe ya don't break
the tree
perfect I just shin that really hard is
this what is this we've been working
most a day me and BC are now heading to
an event with Google it's the new pixel
free launch pixel 3 launch yeah we've
arrived
I found the food there's like hummus
this little avocado thing somewhere some
sweet potato fries me and BBC found a
pool table so we're going to play over
there
what cockiness gets you bro yeah look
how wise that is Meno so that's the an
iPhone selfie camera and then look how
wide the Google picks or free selfie
camera is that is like twice as wide so
much like a GoPro there's been a
surprising turn of events I'm actually
winning this game of pool which is very
unlike me basically I just need to pause
the black
there's a as an American role that I've
never heard of that I have to call which
okay I'm gonna put the black in and if I
died I cook it in another pocket another
okay then I lose so anyway I'm gonna
have to figure out which they which I
which I poke it in these guys I won just
part of this flat ball my one row
another game your BBC one one round each
but we want to come and play some other
game so I'm gonna check out this guy
I think we have to throw maybe these
Bulls okay I don't know I don't know how
this works
just roll them up I guess Oh bingo
Oh Phooey
hello this is my last pool yeah okay
nine it says nine balls okay what'd you
get did it tell me on 210 okay you have
to be 210 bro all right
you got a sprite we're on to the last
game of the evening the aim is to get it
on the free for the - oh the one area is
actually quite big
this is Jeremiah he's just showing a
little video clip he was in one of the
campaign videos for pics with Bree I'll
link them in the description you can
check them out of it you've got mad
skills heading back we aren't back from
the pixel event and I I've got the pixel
but I am gonna have a play around with
it and let you guys know what I think
and show some features I might do a
whole vlog using the camera that's one
of the best features of it also we are
doing some more research with other
places to get furniture the antique
market didn't really work out for the
furniture we wanted but I think once we
get some bookshelves and stuff I think
the plan is we're gonna get a lot of
this wall we're gonna have either one
massive
kind of set of bookshelves or some
fragmented shelves and and then we can
have sections for like Berks and little
ornaments and things I don't want to get
it too cluttered but some of those
globes looks really amazing
yeah and we're creating this social
space that we want to be in and that we
can invite our friends to and do more
dinners and just yeah it's getting there
slowly getting there all right I'll
catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia adventure
