oh okay guys we alive on the
second-to-last day of the trip I just
tried a live stream coming down the
mountain but it didn't really go too
well how's this one going can you see me
can you hear me it's just better I'm
really congested and I can only talk but
I'm powering through yeah I think we've
probably got their emails left and
see we'd see the ocean and it was like
so exciting and yeah we're gonna be
heading to Morocco tomorrow morning
early in the on the ferry but yeah
almost there almost there guys I'm so
excited I was not ready this morning
though it was such a big climb I was
expecting just to go downhill all the
way but we've just been going downhill
for the last maybe half an hour probably
I think what the quality's over had on
that live stream massive air birds of
prey circling above ways this guy's this
what's that is that Buzzard
Oh
yes I once talked about the quality of
the live stream yeah I don't understand
why am i thing is to do with the band
the width of uploading but if you have a
lot of loads 720 maximum but most of the
time when this bad service it looks like
240 literally looks like it was filmed
on a potato I'm hoping because we're in
a little town here that the service will
be good there's probably a good phone
throwing mass somewhere oh oh yeah the
temperatures so nice it's been really
cold the last couple of live streams
yeah I was trying to make my way back to
the group obviously I'm back with a
group now and you follow me on instagram
you would have seen me reuniting with
the team after two extremely tough long
arduous days I'm back now at some of the
most stunning views this morning yeah
and you appreciate a lot more when you
and you've been climbing uphill and in
the get to the top kind of yeah
makes it almost worth it
all right this morning one minutes ago
is everyone that or not
let's check in the directions
the other bad guys
oh sorry good sorry good Oh Ezra still
here oh right that was brutal I think
now is one of the toughest mornings for
me
the wind was hard the wind was hard but
that because I can't breathe so
congested I was not expecting I just
wasn't prepared that was the main back
oh oh alright well we made it to lunch
today oh yeah guys this is Claire she's
Andy's wife and she's she's been not
helping she's been one of the support
team
just put some lunch for us alright guys
what we gonna do on today's livestream
is we're gonna do a giveaway of some
cycling gear after I've eaten food I'm
gonna introduce you to Russ and he's
going to talk about some of this I can
get after I've eaten should we do the
giveaway I've linked your Instagram
account already on their lives to and
say we do a photo we can take a photo
during the livestream and then we'll
talk about it okay guys give me a minute
it's gonna eat first and then
all right we've got pasta we've got
avocados and salad awesome thanks Claire
my voice is almost completely gone so
bad new mmm when did Evan else arrive
like an hour ago
I was loving to stop like every hundred
meters yeah I can breathe I'm like
covering up its abide by team shall take
my helmet off and just have a selfie
stick let me do is this is easier
hands-free right now but maybe after oh
my gosh there's these though those bees
are incredible
these school kids about what the heck is
that
now I don't really have been I don't
really have many Spanish they are
probably like what is that dude doing
with that the way the funniest is when I
went into the bar the other night to get
the chips in the out and asparagus I
walked into a local bar oh yeah release
in my head just chatting away everyone's
Oh
guys thanks to all the support and
encouragement in the last couple of days
it's been a really tough one but we made
it where's everyone watching from let me
know
oh my back my back my eyes I
let me switch out the battery back
okay go do the live stream it's like 300
saying watching right now
things about Tibet oh yeah yeah
so not my avocado
I might make some rolls
lugging an eclipse and humus never got
over there
now it's flat now completely flat maybe
oh do you think that's the biggest climb
we've done an entire
yeah we were mentally prepared no I'm
glad I wasn't the only one dying I just
felt so
Oh
hmm
God what
I'll create I'll try Nick pastor you're
not just sitting sitting watch me eat
but I love you sit down Oh over there
is there any more vegan stuff is that
all
yeah no milk I might it's a way a little
bit longer before we set off make sure
this goes down go set up on the table
yeah I need a battery pack Phipps 500
20-pound donation thanks guys
oh yeah guys we're really close to our
target we've got we've raised I think
twenty-nine thousand powers in total
with the entire group are we on 29,000
Smith via we have we raised 29,000 Wow
thanks everyone that's been donating all
right let me just get my battery packs
and my phone doesn't die and then I'll
eat a bit more and then we'll do a
giveaway of some quality cycling clothes
not all of you probably cycling but you
know I know cyclists that would be key
I just want to figure out where my where
I put my other leads to grab one guys
okay missile charge do something up half
a charge on this guy I'm usually quite
good even when I'm tired getting in at
night and just making sure he's charged
up I'm gonna do is cable tie the battery
pack to the polling anything that's the
best option should I introduce you guys
in the livestream okay guys this is
Calvin and yeah and they live in Malaga
right and Calvin has a YouTube channel
anyway they came and found us on the
live tracker last night and they've been
hanging out doing some filming today
hopefully joining us down to the coast
I'm just gonna move this in a little bit
right I'll give this in one sec guys is
it really is it really pixelated people
are saying it's really pixelated okay
who's it better when I was standing down
by the minibus or getting a shade I
think since I've come sat down and it's
got even more pixelated guys tell me if
it's better over here is it better I
don't know
so I'm trying my best that sounds good
not better no man my mokan gonna eat my
lunch over by the minibus let me just do
a little test I'm gonna walk over here
he's charging I'm say I'm just gonna see
this charging
yes charges okay guys is the quality
better that the sale is good yeah but
you don't to be watching just a pixel
little bit better a little bit better
better okay I guess they're gonna have
to eat my food over here the quality of
the video drops when on the height you
like it sitting down there okay guys I'm
gonna have to get naked because it's
just too hot to stand and some my teas
put some Sun cream on it off
one step Oh hopefully you don't get
sunstroke okay oh the struggles of life
screaming okay
can't livestream up there but the
quality the quality drops yeah I'll just
come over I'll just sit in the road oh
yeah we're just prop my phone up but
it's actually kind of easy just doing on
the helmet cam I've got quite used to it
hmm yeah I should put some some cream on
a pillow and Facebook it's amazing how
much you really crave food wouldn't you
exercising so much I've never been so
hungry my life is life yeah I've been
doing a lot of them I've been doing a
lot protein hemp protein in my smoothies
I did a ton of peanuts and there's
there's some lentils in here
got avocado that's a great day today
we're gonna reel up and down week with
the weather with a super windy rainy day
I think yesterday
no not yesterday maybe the day before
kind of really remember either yesterday
the day before it's like really stormy I
was going to do a livestream but it's
raining and then there's lightning and I
was out in the middle of an open area
and there's lightning right above me on
it's a bit worried because I was the
only metal object from prasada I could
see we are now in a town what town what
sounds this I think we're about what we
like 80 miles from the coast reckon
about 30 miles from the coast
well 34
all right go yet now weirdly weirdly
just keeps crashing app keep rushing
trying to tighten this and now I'm I
think I'm alright free but thanks
well unless it's get earn away oh yeah
no that don't throw it away
I'll try nyet it has been really
important I don't really understand all
the biology and and diet dietary stuff
but how many carbs are important when
your endurance exercise hmm yeah this is
been which is an awesome lunch
yeah the two days I did live streaming
right there when I got behind with the
guys and then did all the night then the
list night live stream fight I didn't
eat a meal I mean I had a plate chips at
that bar but I didn't eaten me up like
two days see someone on energy bars and
it really wrecks my body thanks second
play about pasta
did I get told off by Raya I mean Raya
does worry about me um but alright how's
everyone doing huh how's everyone else
is Dave oh you having a fun day studying
watching me if you're studying good luck
if you're just chillin you have a
peaceful nice restful day what time is
it here and I half past three in the
afternoon
is anyone else eating lunch or dinner
right now I shall face this way I might
want to make sure I don't get burnt this
is prime burning situation here I'd only
put some cream when you actually kind of
eat yeah that's water yeah she's really
one of these I was trying to be good
earlier guys I was stopping when I was
riding cuz I'm quite low to the ground
picking up um little bit wrappers and
stuff I'm assuming these guys dropped
one of them was like a little cyclist
energy drink thing and may have just
fallen out son's pocket but is and the
mountains ah Sinai we shouldn't be
littering
so picture up
hmm are we going to do burrata I think I
maybe might be flying out of Gibraltar
and that's the plan
I've never been to Gibraltar before I've
heard it feels weird because it's very
it's very British but it's like but it's
in Spain
let's go apparently I guess it's a
British overseas territory or something
I don't know much about the history of
Gibraltar do you think of Ronda didn't
get to look around Bandar if not should
I hope um it's really pretty though the
bridge was amazing
Oh have a siesta Spanish siesta
sorry guys and I'm not being super
talkative cookies just know just having
my break gettin back I want in to
include you in as much of today as
possible I don't know
once we leave this town I don't know how
remote it gets I'm with you we have to
keep the live stream go
we'll try don't want to lay down you
know I just didn't overheat I did that
yesterday I felt really sick how does
anyone know how long as you live between
eating and exercise because I basically
finished eating yesterday and then went
straight away on throw up 45 minutes 30
minutes okay 45 minutes I do that
thankfully um it's pretty black the rest
today so I'm going to need to bulk up
too much are so far behind this morning
these guys got here in an hour before
before we did
now I've been drinking a lot I'm
someone's just concerned I'm not
drinking enough but I've got two big
liter bottles and they've got and was it
cool aye aye sir tonic isotonic whatever
they've done unlike special salts that
you need to be drinking when you drink
electrolytes oh my gosh she we did an
honest introduce you to my friend Russ
he's aa around it somewhere
oh those rust is he still here okay oh
my gosh this little box to sit on he uh
niece took a few days off once once we
finish his cycle to triangle at my body
recover and repair Dave left ages ago
Dave left before well just as we got
into into Spain so we've done the entire
length of Spain now Dave but he did a
good job was he's here one my teaching
meeting pastor peppers tomatoes onions
and lentils it looks like this is a nice
stop my girl cheeky coffee up done did I
get cold
yeah the other night I just breathing
and my fitness level yeah it's increased
massively I'm I don't feel particularly
fit today because I'm quite a bar and
they will update people who joined okay
little update is we were on our last big
day tomorrow is the official end because
we cross the ferry in the morning with
our bikes into Africa this is the last
big final push and yeah I'm back the
team if you watch my last livestream ice
trying to catch up the team back with
the team and we've had a very very tough
morning cycling up and down mountains
back
we've got we've got just clap 30 miles
that I caught for miles till the coast
now and I'm feeling good but yeah I'm
well I said I'm feeling good I'm feeling
good and spirit but my body is feeling
pretty red mmm have the team forgiven my
era yeah hopefully I made up for it by
making sure we didn't miss that leg
someone's watching from Morocco yeah
we're gonna cross into tan tan beer
we're just gonna stay there for the day
tomorrow yeah what you doing the strike
before um yeah we're raising money for
regenerate which is the charity a host
of this whole trick I don't know they're
late is there somewhere general yeah
there should be in the box what the jury
was is that are they in it in that red
thing yeah was the saying oh yes
orogenic this is the charity regenerate
and they are out southwest London and
yeah do amazing stuff of these these
boys different guys across living
yeah round the area I've been doing
amazing trips for over 10 years and real
life-changing stuff and they do like mmm
yeah just really long-term invested kind
of support community support and youth
work star and all sorts of stuff when
you are you know a big fundraiser and to
help support people vulnerable people
and change people's lives and put on put
on great trips so yeah so we're raising
money for that if you want to donate and
in description and yeah a final day a
final question I was saying earlier this
is the hardest toughest challenge of my
life I think most physically tough
challenge my life but one of the most
rewarding things I've done probably the
motor or anything
I love abakada give us a big big fan I
don't know if I do this I think this is
stream again but I don't know maybe I
don't feel it like it right now rush we
do the giveaway she leave the giveaway
before you head off right guys we didn't
do it gateway so as you've seen in all
the live streams and my videos it's
cycling top which this man here sorted
out for us my main man so this is rushed
rushed Jones and he he has his own
cycling where brat which is funding like
yeah social enterprise stuff let me take
this off in and we can chat bit more
what universe in battery is a nicer hey
guys can you hear us
cool
tell us a bit about what you're doing
back at London in Hackney and about your
brunch enjoy myself mainly yeah you're
my inspiration fun but yeah you've got
my doing little bit of work make some
money along the way so yeah I start this
club in Brian Hackney GT a few years ago
we've provided the socks for this ride
which has been a pleasure and I managed
to come along like a riot as well yeah
he's he's one of the pro cyclist that's
putting us all to shame
but yeah we thought would be a cool idea
today in today's livestream to do a bit
of a giveaway and we're gonna host the
giveaway on Russ's Instagram which I've
linked at the bottom of the description
of this livestream and what we're gonna
do right now should we do it right now
let's take a look a photo or something
and you can post it and then what you
what you thinking we should do the
giveaway for the giveaway well I think I
would give two jerseys way so the way
you said you want to do it yeah of two
people someone is to link that bring
yeah so what we'll do is once we've
posted the image which we're doing a
second you click through and maybe
you're not cycling to sell but you've
got a friend who love cycling well we
will need to do is to enter the
competition just go and follow
Rusty's Instagram account and then tag a
friend in the comments but let's put the
fire out first and then people gonna
follow the instructions so should we do
it should we do like a selfie or what
yeah okay one sec guys well you do it
you do it and post it on your account
and then we this is we're just kind of
making this up as we go on but yeah
these are these are really really good
quality tops suit yeah made in England
super comfortable and super high quality
happen to post and then I take my let me
take this off just a bit silly right so
Russ is just about to post that on it
on his Instagram brilliant
what's Ross's Instagram handle okay
hackneyed duty I think I've linked it in
the description and double check that I
have I hopefully I have and oh we've had
25 pounds donation on this livestream
already it's nice yeah Instagram Hackney
GT he's just posting it give us two
seconds yeah where are we right now
again you can look on the live tracker
in the description and see exactly where
we are yeah we've made good progress
we're almost at the coast maybe stand in
the shade for a second yeah super bra a
bright and sunny I can't say that about
the last couple of days but I'm glad
it's warm today I don't mind getting
really hot and sweaty and stuff and much
rather that than freezing the other day
I had five layers on I had this and like
it's like a sports jacket and then like
coat and a rain jacket and another
jumper and it's yeah it was crazy yeah
so rust guys the giveaway is a global we
can do we can post out globally and yeah
well maybe we'll do an announcement of
the winner in tomorrow's livestream or
something so you've got to today to
enter and yeah like I said maybe maybe
you're not into cycling yourself or you
want to get into cycling but yeah these
are really really legit tops you won't
necessarily be getting this this London
to Africa one but there's like a whole
range and once we pick the winner we're
contact you and let you know how how we
can write even choose exactly the top
and you can give us your address and
stuff just a head up the tracker doesn't
seem to be working okay let me I don't
know where my other phone is hang on let
me get my other phone and make sure the
track is turned up the tracker oh it's
because we've stopped so maybe the
tracker doesn't doesn't go missed us
maybe
every Wednesday I'm telling the tracker
back on it must have cut off at some
point it might cut off when I switch SIM
cards to this phone you don't have
Instagram I'm sorry
and Michael it's annoying now it's
alright it's alright okay that the the
track is not completely far off we're
probably only we're probably within a
ten-mile radius of where they'll track a
last spotted us so it's a lot more
effort holding their phone than having
the helmet cam yeah we'll have to wait
until we head off again guys to do this
is effort holding them holding that
doing the livestream like this how do
other in real life live streamers in
their live streams they'd have a little
selfie pose I guess you can hold down
here rather than your arm up maybe I can
do that maybe I can connect back to this
and just hold my helmet hang on you're
done okay guys the Instagram is up if
you click through to the link Hackney GT
and the way to enter is follow Hackney
GT make sure you're following the
account and then go through in comment
tag a friend in the in the under the
picture of me and Russ slow selfie and
then yeah that will enter you into the
competition to win a jersey for you and
your friends I tell them you down a bit
yeah for you and your friend to win a
Jersey and yeah yeah we'll get in touch
but that would be a great support for us
going to throw in some encouragement and
support a small social enterprise in
Hackney creating competitive quality
clothing yeah winning it out a lot
yeah I'll come and hang out we're going
to do some cool music nights as well
Russ also has done a lot of DJing and a
big music connoisseur and so yeah we're
going we're going to hang out on the
ride yeah yeah yeah all right all right
let's carry on on try mount it back on
my helmet we'll try and keep going with
a live stream for a little bit much
harder once we've got the battery packs
on it yeah and what you need the
possible for Oh going to Morocco okay my
live stream is probably going to get
copyright strike now for the music in
the background yeah YouTube's so clever
just my pass books we need to register
for the ferry crossing oh wait I've got
a copy of my pass on the phone sorry Oh
guys do you need my physical okay cool
let me just get there are much finer
thing yeah Stein the live truck again
guys so you can see exactly where we are
yep all right live tracker
starting right let's do B start again
now let me know that's working starting
tracking cool what am i doing
we haven't need are possible if you if
you don't know in the EU well you can
travel freely between countries there's
no borders there's no possible borders
apart from the UK which is still in the
EU until we leave see unfortunately I'm
sad about that but you know brick
sitting on one second
sorry it's connecting this bad battery
pack oh I'm stopped it
Ayisha need to come up with an effective
a battery pack mount on the helmet not
I'm gonna do a lot more helmet
livestreams because once the cycle rides
over that leave it weird all right
I think my passports in my back big bag
somewhere so I'm just gonna grab this
one yeah Andy can you show that to
whoever needs my passport all right I'm
gonna try and uh drink some more water
oh hi I'm Pakistan hey hello back oh
yeah
what else do you guys want to know
should I give you a little bit over they
have a Q&A time we can just chat about
the trip in general as it's coming to an
end where are we guys now we are on
route 2 where's our destination today
al Jazeera's al jazeera's algae's it
howdy
how do you pronounce it al Jazeera Al
Jazeera's oh good al Jazeera's let's go
beheading and yeah tomorrow morning
we're gonna do a short cycle to Sarita
is it to reefer we're cycling to
tomorrow we're crossing - we're crossing
on the ferry from tarifa down to I can't
even think we're because some new
Tangier in Morocco you feel weary yeah
yeah
yeah tangey so if you're Moroccan I'm
gonna come and say hi to us will be
arriving about ten thirty eight in the
morning so nine nine o'clock ferry right
about 10:30 we'll stop we'll arrive at
the ferry port you want to come and say
hi or if you're in Al Jazeera sand water
Commons waved us off as we depart Europe
and head into Africa
welcome to we're leaving at 9:00 a.m.
tomorrow morning
no you're sorry we're riding we're
leaving al jazeera's we're riding to
tarifa we're leaving tarifa so yeah
anyway that's just boring details but I
need to let my food go down there but
before we start cycling again this is uh
this is the cool that energy are $10
Thanks
how are your name sorry yeah we've got
some energy blocks here we've had
different energy bars and electrolyte
drinks and glucose energy so as well as
the carbs
yeah I've been in a challenge something
that's weird I don't know whether it's
just been surviving on energy bars or
protein bars where they are but my
tongue is boo tingling for like four
days now just all around the side it
just feels weird and I know this kid I'm
been consuming a lot more sugar than
normal yeah
felt a bit strange but I haven't been
looking after my body as much at the
beginning of the trip unfortunately let
me just clear out these plates because
I've left a bit of a mess here you
haven't seen a good looking like white
this is my bike so that today I am fully
laden which is a crazy idea considering
we just did the biggest mountain
climbing but as you can see those bags
probably like 20 to 25 kilos of extra
gear in there including including this
this head rig but you can't see right
now about parallel to this to this ugly
pole there's a massive weight on the
back that's probably oh it's probably
like it over kilogram every two kilos
which has just been counter balancing
the camera but these bikes do look
really weird ahaha yeah look look at
this chapter
why that is a beautiful tractor oh
that's a well that's the well nice
tractor in it it's shiny
well let me talk about my water bottle
so I've got like a little water bottle
holder down here you've been filling up
when we've been stopping at like they're
all cafes and bars throughout the day
and a few times a trip I've completely
run out and it gets a bit worrying and
while you'll be trying to put a bit of a
bit of a sports drink in it as well just
to get give a bit of you know
electrolytes and sugar and stuff you
can't actually when you're sweating that
much you can't survive in just water
there any of these energy drinks left
anywhere oh yeah
minibus this is we can have done this
trip without the minibus not the way we
yeah good money to leave leave it a bit
long before longer before I leave again
well it's just yesterday when we set off
I almost threw up because I hadn't let
my food I mean ever 20 much 20 minutes
oh honey I was so demoralized when I saw
the hills I was like why why didn't we
know about this life exactly yeah so I
was like prepped for that hill at last
night then really happy when we didn't
have it but then for some reason this
morning I was thinking we just may be
going downhill someone's like yes mainly
downhill yeah it was but only because
there's tons of downhill
but it was more uphill than most Asian
American hmm
right we're gonna forget getting back on
the bike in five or ten minutes and then
and then we're trying go as far as
possible before the livestream cuts out
but how's Dave yeah Dave's doing well I
didn't really hear how long it took for
his legs to feel better all of us
obviously our legs have been burning and
fatigues but it'd be nice for Dave to
join in the whole trip but he had some
commitments and other things you needed
to do is anyone what has anyone done a
cycle ride like this that's watching has
anyone done like a marathon hundred mile
a day for like two weeks three weeks are
almost interesting to hear how you found
it the main thing I'm worried about is
how do I but once I stop with my body
gonna freak out because I'm not training
every day someone said I need to make
sure I'm eating loud still after was the
planned distance today 60 to 62 miles
where we're doing in total today we've
got about yeah like 34 left so it
halfway you should slow down gradually
yeah I might need to do some exercise on
the day because I my plan is I just want
to like sleep for like a day or two but
yeah I should keep keep moving really
yeah basically I reckon we did about 15
or 20 miles up here or today favorite
moment at the trip or maybe the trip
it's a good question Riya coming to
visit was a highlight for me because I
miss her so much
and yeah it was it was yeah it's been
tough but she yeah she makes me so happy
what's the temperature right now I like
25 degrees Celsius there everyone's
getting ready
yeah mazing Lee no one's had any
injuries really nothing major few little
minor things I might need like five
minutes to let my food go down Andy how
are you feeling today someone just said
to me what's been my highlight over the
trip I couldn't really think other than
like when Raya came to visit but what's
been your highlight you reckon so far
I'm imagining today or tomorrow is gonna
be a big highlight cuz we've reached the
coast or actually reaching Morocco I
think there's just been magic moments
there's been I think even some of the
challenges overcoming challenge this
morning is a highlight in terms of where
we're side
encouragement from people back at home
supporting yes someone said how much
money have we raised in total now that's
amazing that our goal was 30,000 so
we're almost there we've had 32 pounds
at a just during this little oyster
easily if any of you do want to donate
to the cause to this this crazy
challenge we've just almost completed
you can either go through to the link
below and it's in the description or you
can just donate straighten alive for him
if you want
we raised like over 500 pounds on the
live stream today which is amazing which
I still need to put in to you know what
your use tide you ready for a siesta oh
maybe we need a quick coffee just to
give us a little buzz we go 10 miles
stop the coffee
someone said Boothbay can afford is $5
$5 is amazing thank you if everyone gave
$5 would be laughing no once did a
fundraising appeal and then it got a
couple of big checks around people but
then I've got a 10 pounds donation from
a nun who'd taken a vow of poverty for a
whole life that someone had given her 10
pounds yes oh no way
and I was so blown away she gave me I
gave you all their money that really
inspired me it's just like and that
encouraged me that ten pound Lordan I
write check for 5,000
if she gave everything I thought it's
amazing everyone watching everything
they have a bit like its yeah even if
you don't even if you can't earn tonight
guys just be support and their in the
comments and the encouragement have been
amazing so they tell my to scammers
we're not scamming you guys this would
be such an elaborate scam right with
this cycle for 1,400 miles almost kill
ourselves what was their name Karis
thanks thanks we all gonna we gonna head
up together yeah yeah take a noise maybe
I'll grab a banana for the road guys
we're gearing up to go against the cough
drops guys have you got any painkillers
or cough cough sweets gonna be no
painkillers I must be some pain closing
you man I've just got a really sore sore
throats so I don't think I can rub
nurofen yeah can we just bang couple
near pen you're my brakes just
scratching support
yeah oh yeah thanks alright - thanks
alright I've got some cough sweets here
guys holes so China ah I've got one of
these and we might stop okay let's do it
thank you so much lunch yeah it was it
in a bit all right
we were gonna carry on thanks Chris
guys we're gonna head off cold so uh see
in a bit yeah yeah the tracker shoot
you're working yeah cool let's go all
right I think I'll go everything
it's gonna put the new dress in are we
go in the car or the bike right now yeah
all right okay okay a 35-mile to forget
to our hotel let's collect barnett we
can do that three hours they caught me
when will it be it's 10:00 to 4:00
well it's sometimes it's set to 9:00 all
right guys I can't make any promises of
how how good this live stream of stay if
it starts cutting out constantly our
loan I'll have to end it but I'm hoping
we just go in the corner we could keep
going all the way you can there I'm
hoping it's charging you boys come in oh
thanks nice
I'm just gonna check the back it looks
like it's charging okay I think we're
good
Michelle at us some kids all right
what is that noise my bike yeah I don't
know this spokes and the right wheel
yeah like rattling away apparently they
had tightened all the spokes this
morning
maybe I think it rusted it yeah I don't
know it sound a bit dodgy you know this
is what I see come down it run at me
yeah
I always crashed into a smithy earlier
really bad I was like filming on my
phone like this and he stopped in front
of me and I just night it and swerve
down away like the last second yeah I
still live there yeah 20 minutes down a
stream which are posted to the okay yeah
go if you want to check some of the live
streaming russ has been there and even
go and check out i've been happy to be
on facebook and check out his page is it
harder to cycle with this bike for us
what do you think do you think this
recumbent I think it's been good other
than the amount of weight of garnet for
up here we've been a disaster this
morning cuz I didn't know how much
uphill there was I loaded my bags up in
about 20 to 25 kilos of extra weight
like everything in there yeah got some
cool drain shots in the mountains yeah
right shoot to carry on Oh
blocking the driveway I'm gonna be slow
so you guys keep catch up yeah I didn't
unload the memory card of Ephesians I'll
have I haven't got a lot of space left
what's that
oh right oh nice little bit of downhill
oh this is lovely
Oh guys look at this
cruise into the crew yeah this is this
is a such a beautiful little town I was
saying - and the earlier I just didn't
know if Spain was so beautiful I've been
to the big cities like Barcelona Madrid
and you know all right
that way before this part of Spain I
just took these little villages up in
the mountains and it's more my vibe for
sure you want me to show more front view
okay can you do a little front view for
a bit only problem in the front view is
my fusions kind of blocking the view a
little bit but you can kind of see maybe
I'll just switch it when there's
actually some cool view some palm trees
there I leave this in a bit you see a
bit more okay this is me pedaling away
oh yeah so this vision is just a miracle
camera and I think I think it's my
favorite camera said it before but it's
quite a lot of effort to stitch it and
render it but the yeah the quality when
you do there when you insert it in a
normal vlog especially the tight like
the hyper time-lapse tough looks so sick
I'm gonna flip back to the face cam for
the moment
we switch back again with some nice
views we'll just chill for a moment
sorry I'm bike noises a bit annoying the
minibus yeah oh yeah guys want me to
check that all the the truck is a
rolling and stuff into a quiet Shrivers
still rolling and I'll get off my phone
and stephan1 yeah the track is working
so do you want to see where we are
I'll also tell you the town name it's
called San Pablo the boo site city I
probably butchered that in Spanish but
can you check the check the live
trackable I also guys I've read a few
there comments on the live tracker it's
getting a bit of steel in there so yeah
keep it clean keep it clean I think it
will be a bit funny sometimes
yeah words words effectively to say I
and I really appreciate all the words of
encouragement
a little uphill it's like three little
Hill was amiss on this flat on the way
back all the way down to the coast I'm
not the 40
I'm second guys I'm gonna be the
operator
give me such an amazing feeling getting
to see guys this is a see a tell Jazeera
Al Jazeera's is it Mediterranean Sea or
is there another name for that little
stretch tomorrow okay anyone know did I
make it through the night the other
night no I had to stop at a hotel
unfortunately if you were following my
Instagram stories you would have seen
yeah it stopped about 45 miles short of
where he wanted to get to your suck hole
it's 3:00 a.m. and it was actually a
little bit worried I was gonna like
collapse and you're gonna collapse down
the countryside at 3:00 a.m. it's - and
it was Celsius or breathing but I made
up that today's to recycle e100 and then
in a 94 mark that a back to back with no
real meals it's real
Oh
whoa
is the is the quality still awry or is
it like is it is it turned into a potato
yeah was it be Yousuf just got something
flew into his top and then he just
stopped and threw a stopper yeah we'll
keep going with a live stream for a bit
but the more rural we get as we go into
the countryside is my disc am I just cut
out I'm trying the best it must be easy
to do live streams and cities where
you've got consistent Internet
yeah this bike is just keeps falling
apart it's all held together a cable
tires right now they've been my secret
weapon on this trip if you ever do a big
adventure and the contraption like this
especially cable ties save the day oh I
wasn't expecting quiet this many that
what hell's I thought Bruce Lee look for
that one second guys I'm always at the
top
out on this play with receipt
let the band calm down now I paired yeah
excuse rubbing on my gears this gear
selector my gear selectors rubbing on my
gears I just need to shift it across a
bit oh so like when I'm fully over to
the left this edge is catching on this
gear so I think the whole thing needs to
rotate what do you mean you've got the
toes yeah guys think my bike's been
broken for a couple of days it's gear
selector here's mr. Russ is saving the
day did you do my spikes as well this
morning Russ thanks me yeah I don't know
much about cycling a bit a bit oblivious
well I knew when my wheel was buckled
because wobbling like that and obviously
you can tell when you up punch ah I
don't know it slipped down for the whole
thing yeah I can
okay
alright guys we're just getting a little
shake it up you've got tape on it well
that's on you
oh that's that's the hold oh yeah I just
thought it was the rotation that was
wrong right can you shift it right and
right there yeah yeah the trike is
falling apart layabouts be honest but
it's done like fifteen hundred miles
isn't me
fourteen hundred said yeah it needs a
bit of a service I think someone just
asked how long left well we've got
thirty miles today and then a little
1517 mile of something in the morning
tomorrow and then we're there were there
and Morocco Ruster sort me out kind of
working now
oh thanks for us okay
we're switching back guys I'm just gonna
extend the pole Dickens all right my
bike to work a little better
Thanks oh yeah go ah I haven't blogged
in a while yeah much better thanks
I haven't blogged in a while so I'm like
still little blog as well on my camera
what what's ended up happening is really
behind in my actual vlogs these live
streams have definitely been a much
better way of communicating and updating
you guys I just wanna be putting the
vlogs out it's like normal style can I
update some the day so look here okay
guys don't live streaming again got the
helmet cam on and yeah we just had a
delicious lunch just had some pasta and
avocado and lentils and I'm feeling good
I'm feeling fueled up ready for the last
30 miles down to the coast got rusty
with me the rust just soared out a
little issue is having with my guests
yeah yeah it seems to be nice
yeah chess right we're following the map
down here and yeah it's relatively flat
it's um it's been really hard this
morning but I'm excited that there's no
massive hills to come should be quite a
nice scenic little ride down blogged up
guys how's the video quality in the live
stream is it still holding up should be
right but we're in a bit of a major road
and it's quite flat here so I think as
we're moving away from the mountainous
area now this the signal should be a bit
more consistent and annoyed of almost
run out of space in the fusion bar
alright few more little clips as we're
coming in to Al Jazeera's al Jazeera yes
wherever it's good what's wrong with my
voice I lost my voice got a bit of a
chesty right I don't know they've got a
throat infection or just run down my
body been run down overworked and my
immune systems probably quite low so
yeah my voice is wrecked been really
struggling to breathe coughing a lot
this is what I'm looking forward to
having some time to recover properly
I'm an Amazon actually yeah got three
big boxes it's like 40 in each box
I've always ate in a mall or a massage
someone's suggesting I get a massage I
would private allow the mossad only out
of one listen to our trip is that mental
yeah yeah probably sound like I've been
raving all weekend screaming an Epsom
salt bath oh yeah guys we're trying to
get us out the other day let me know if
anyone knows but what is what the bath
salts actually do do they absorb into
your muscles or like what how's it work
I've never had a never had a bath with
bath salts but everyone's telling me tea
what's the science behind him
I don't know who nice I can easy him
let's check silence they're saying it
absorbed you absorb magnesium yeah they
say you can get magnesium spray
americanese 'i'm soaps it helps with it
cramping energizes your muscles i was
really giving me a science buying it but
i don't we guess we don't need to know
the science as long as it works
someone's asking how is she's currently
in Antigua in the Caribbean living it up
I think she's got some kind of bloggers
tree conference kind of thing yeah I
think she's having fun with both missing
each other a lot so looking forward to
reuniting I don't know exactly when
that's gonna be but in the next couple
of weeks
oh yeah she did come out for a few days
in one of the vlogs I haven't uploaded
yet but she did join she did a thirty
forty three mile cycle with us which was
pretty incredible
breaks down the the water breaks down
the magnesium and sulfate and then soaks
into your I don't know I'm trying to
read it okay I believe you about the
bath salts it soaks in yeah he says it
goes in through your skin okay yeah I
did have a really hot bath last night I
didn't have any salts in it and I don't
know if I feel any better this morning's
penis helped to relax my muscles a bit
but yeah yeah I'm not so keen on the
freezing-cold buff I do yeah that would
be good
my legs aren't burning too badly though
it's only uphill that I feel a burn
anyway earlier guys someone was asking
how my fitness is improved I think one
of the ways you measure fitness is how
fast you recover after losing your
breath and like you know get your heart
rate getting really fast and I found
that my recovery time is so much better
than before
I definitely say on the fittest I've
ever been in my life and today is not a
great example day because I'm really
yeah broken burr
Oh
I'm going to show you the scenery
further away just my bollocks to rest
thanks for whoever suggesting that done
it was in front of the lens oh it's the
wire okay this is
yeah I don't I don't think I'm gonna be
able to talk at all tomorrow and my
voice is going to be completely gone
I ride very slow yeah I do at the moment
I'm in no rush
I'm just trying to take it easy look at
these ease guys sorry I'll stop talking
all right back I'm not going to talk a
lot a little bit supposed to be free
well I'm hoping the quality's still
there
oh and it's constantly on the road so
give me a second
yeah yeah we got some good downhill all
right great anything Oh
Oh
oh yeah
it's definitely this is epic whoa
oh right whoa
oh my gosh I've been eating these little
sweets these not sweets that are where
they call her coughs cough sweets
anyway not really making any different
asshole
unfortunately yeah still throw those
rare
he's ever hot drink Oh guys do you know
what something I have really cut down on
this trip is coffee I've been maybe
having one coffee a day maxximum really
maybe a couple of coffees and some days
but some days I haven't had any coffee
and that crazy I think it's crazy anyway
considering I'm a complete coffee addict
normally I just didn't know how good it
is to be drinking tons of caffeine was
it worth like working your body so hard
normally I have it has a little
pick-me-up
I guess I've been having like more
glucose and I don't know what other
stuff have been having to fit me up but
some of those energy bar bars has been a
bit better I don't know if caffeine
really gives you actual energy there's
been a little I think some of the
electrolyte drinks if I look they've got
a bit of caffeine in maded oh look at
this look at this turn here
that's sorry
sorry guys it's a lot safer whilst going
down here we'll just stab my my front
come on also I can use it's a bit of a
mirror to see behind me those my
bearings in my wheel that's making that
noise oh okay yeah do you know what Dave
Erasmus did that to that well that's not
his bike and he was making that noise
right the beginning of the trip
I yeah this bike is falling apart I'm
gonna repair it it's been an amazing
bike I'm just gonna have to say that
like there's probably some advantages of
having a normal bike but in terms of
comfort once you build up the right
muscles to work this bike and the fact
I've been carrying so much I've got my
like fusion linked are fusion and then
I've got like all my battery packs and
extra drinks and snacks everything right
and I thing you could carry all this in
a normal bike I guess you could put the
panniers or whatever but no this laid
that position it's just ah so good not
none of my body's really aching now
other than just overall kind of you know
my legs and I met the main pain of my
body's actually my achilles tendons
points have had little twinges on my
knees and my thighs
they're just been getting better to be
honest they just feel a bit tender a
nothing no real pain yeah my kilise
tendons I need to figure to figure out
what's up with them some ones that I've
got achilles tendonitis or something
my body's a bit erect but you'd assume I
was gonna happen off you know the amount
of mileage I've been covering anyway
you've going back to my coin
this bike is amazing even those in
desperate need of some repairs I highly
recommend doing some bike touring and a
recumbent bike in fact I'm singing of
putting this bike up on eBay if anyone
wants to buy it we're gonna drive her
back to London and then we'll sell it on
ebay Orica anyone's pain and wants to go
touring around touring around let me
know in the comments if anyone would
potentially be up there
oh I'm just talking about the pharmacy I
wonder if I should stop to think throat
stuff maybe later on weapon to my Cessna
oh yeah we sold the Cessna the Lu the
plane sold it in Oklahoma
same place we bought it and then a guy a
guy in Europe somewhere maybe the
Netherlands
Oh Oh some are saying notice Izzy's
donation oh thank you
sorry I can't always keep my eyes in the
comments need to keep eyes on the road
no uphill again oh my gosh it's no
messing around these up here this either
like flat really steep there's no
there's no light in between
Oh Izzie is a and donated a pocket money
Oh easy thank you so much it's really
kind of you and I promise you that
money's going to really good a really
good cause and people it's gonna really
make other people's lives better thank
you is it I feel very supported
I think people should look up to you
Izzie for being so generous it's
something you should hang on to in your
life even as you grow up don't let
people tell you to stop being generous
because being generous is it's an
amazing quality to have so I'm glad
you're you're starting so young you're
and you're not just thinking about
yourself but you're thinking about
others
ah
where are you from Izzy where you're
watching from
while some while some waiting is the
track of working guys gonna let me know
the track is working oh is he's from
bournemouth oh I like Bournemouth my
great great arms he used to live in
Bournemouth no she's not with us anymore
unfortunately she I think she lived to
like 104 years old though which is
pretty amazing
she got let from the Queen if you don't
know when you hit hun your 100th
birthday in the UK the Queen writes you
a letter saying congratulations for
hitting 100 the stories the lights
cretin working it is guys if you're
asking where I am where I'm heading
literally just click the link in the
description and shows you a live tracker
of where we are and we're heading to Al
Jazeera's and then on to Morocco
tomorrow morning
yeah a bit downhill well this road is
not very good very good surf misses it's
a massive pothole so I need to keep an
eye on the road I might have a little
drink as well
I've been trying to learn how to do
these gears really gently because if I'm
too aggressive my gear changes the check
and changes pulls off especially now
yeah especially now because I check the
the guard off the the front cog but it
was breaking off anyway someone's asking
for an update on what happened the other
day from the other livestream and I did
explain earlier but basically I didn't
make it to the location I wanted to they
got to about 3:00 a.m. and I was
freezing cold I couldn't feel my feet at
all they were like icicles and and I was
really worried that I was just gonna
like collapse so exhausted breathing so
he managed to get to a town at 3 a.m.
and thankfully found the hotel and let
me stay for the night so I managed to
get bit of sleep that night and then set
off the next morning and managed to
actually manage to reach the others the
following night it took me till 2:00
a.m. the following night to actually
catch up with everyone and started rode
with everyone yesterday and then I was
pretty broken
I'm still pretty broken from the 2 to
100-mile days I did back-to-back but I'm
glad I did it and I'm glad I caught up
with the team and I'm and I'm proud to
be able to say I cycled every single
more oil
from London all the way to not not to
show off not to boast other people but
just for my own just on my own kind of
acknowledgement I actually managed to do
it's like a self achievement thing for
me I would have felt a bit gutted if I
jumped in the minibus but literally the
others who did jump in the minibus I
have no I have no like I have nothing
against them doing that like I think it
was probably very wise of them and I
still think that they have started to
have to go and yeah I was just being
really stubborn
it's the last leg yeah pretty much
technically tomorrow morning the last
leg but it's probably only like two
hours if only probably likes listen
totally an hour and a half of cycling
tomorrow and this is the last full day
now on my life I just on my phone doing
over 3G it's probably losing you're
probably losing a bit quality hopefully
it's still entertaining still very nice
and kind of encouraging to have you guys
on the live stream as well I probably I
go a bit slower when on live stream not
fully like just focused in on the
cycling back it's nice still it's nice
just take it easy was there my energy
when you look at the map like as a big
map of the altitude it looks flat I
guess when you zoom in you actually sits
undulating that word or tent a lot hot
Oh hotels in a mixture of hotels and
hostels and worse nicely by God sharing
a dorm room with everybody like 14
people in bunk beds five people snoring
very loudly and despite waking a few of
them up its gave up them in and even
with earplugs can't sleep snoring was so
loud
even with earplugs and then headphones
playing white noise still her people
snoring so it wasn't wasn't the best
night I've been I prefer staying in
hotels Venus thankfully these little
uphills don't last long like earlier
this morning I'm sure we did like a five
or six mile uphill before there's any
daylight rest no it's tough
Oh gladly I'm glad the stream still
going I'm kind of surprised I would've
thought it was with a dropped out by now
but yeah around and pink noise work to
contract story or what's brown and pink
noise that joke who is that real thing
it was technically I don't know what it
technically is festival is but it was
the noise of a fan like a ceiling fan I
found on YouTube I found a ten hour
recording am I going to film tomorrow
yeah tomorrow's the big day we arrived
in Africa so yeah I'm going to vlog
tomorrow as well and I do a livestream
main thing I don't know if I'm gonna
have a good enough signal in Morocco
because I'm paying extra for faster
tater in France in my UK sim but I think
it's only in Europe I can have a look
maybe I'll get a local Moroccan SIM card
and we can do a livestream
you like these longer live streams you
enjoy them I really enjoy doing them I
did my I did my longest ever the other
night is like almost three hours I just
want to give a big thank you again to
everyone he's been donating so this
cause whole reason why I've given up
three weeks of my life and push myself
to my absolute physical limit I feel
like I'm limping over the finish line
with this anyway yeah it's all for a
good cause so thank you for donating
feel free to donate
if you have a few pounds nothing around
the money yeah we're all very grateful
and it's going to be an awesome course
thank you who is that
thank you Darian do a donation with
Darren
and we're just sorry my my hair lens Y
wide lens adapters covering out the
comment so I can't really read them all
donations don't work from South Africa
well you can either donate a livestream
or if you if you can't up to the name of
the livestream you can head over to my
donation link below I think it's um just
giving and you can donate through that
which is actually easy for me because
I'm gonna have to take all of the money
people have donated here and track and
transfer it over after anyway it's just
nice to seeing this this donation going
up during the livestream I guess you
should have done a just giving so you
get the gift oh yeah now that's what I
have done in the link he's always there
just giving yeah yeah so we get there
you get the tax back on your I don't
know how it works yeah your gift days so
actually for every every donation you
give I think it's like is it like 30%
extra every donation now I regardless of
people regardless of people donating
whether you can or not
maybe it's not something doing but
regardless guys I'm still really
grateful for all of your support though
I sort of uh that panicked an idiot I am
yeah was you know bad timing I think
yeah just cut out for some reason
I don't know how it kicks everyone off
the livestream that's so annoying if I'm
coming back it seems like everyone's
left the livestream
Oh
I've gone into a little bit of a dick
and rewrite you know I don't know if my
it at the end the livestream
thanks to what and I might might do a
little update if you want to get more
regular updates follow me on instagram
you can see my Instagram stories and we
can do a live on there later on as we
arrive but if not I'll see you tomorrow
guys will will do a live as we head into
Africa peace
