good morning guys is episode 2 of our
cycling adventure to Africa we arrived
in France yesterday and yeah we've got a
long cycle today another 80 mile cycle
my legs are aching
but yeah I'm actually feeling pretty
good
got my snacks ready
each enrollee sorry for being along at
this morning on the right finally how
you feeling only about the whole trip
got my camera rolling here okay we're
two hours in no joking about five
minutes in and and II have to go and
change his bike so it's way actually we
might we might carry on going but we'll
go slow from filling right that deep
peace helps a lot absolutely we know I
just rubbed my legs of DP and they feel
great we've got this morning so far
like 16 hours I think that's definitely
gonna slow down we're taking left it
Oh a beautiful morning we didn't have
this much luck yesterday it's too grainy
when we first go to France but whether
it's change throughout bit earlier
probably not quite as early as we need
this people over
I already
I wanted to distance training after
lunch which I can't okay
today guys we just smash our first
Hillel a day there are quite a bit
harder in the recumbent sit down
bicycles how'd he find that they did the
beach from there I could do a few of
those today but not like yeah that was
300 foot but we got a guy that's firing
so we got to another 200 that's all
right
do you think that's the worst Hill of
the day or do things going are they
saying just within this first quarter
are the nd there oh it's the whole day
okay okay can you see the star yeah we
just did that one okay so there's not
actually that's probably where it's fine
that could be the worst one the height
of the spike doesn't matter the steep
that was and how great exactly yeah
gaana
we're done from that point doesn't it
allows me to get my sleep very good
this is really nice guys we're just
cruising up a slow uphill and forest in
the middle of France have no idea where
we are
this is a very peaceful part from where
I when I put my music on and I usually
need my music to scout the hills for
motivation so I've got my I've got my
little where you --boom actually my big
you'ii be strapped to the back I like
the the rhythm and get my legs pumping
in rhythm yeah guys is struggling to
find a coffee shop is open it's half
10:00 in the morning and I haven't even
had a coffee yet
there's these beautiful church buildings
everywhere every little village I'm
really hoping we can get coffee here oh
good timing
good timing where you poking days
talking on your head all right
Oh chilly they're stopped up for our
coffee now with the other lads we've
done well 27 miles which is a third of
the third of the distance today and you
can eat all eat as much as you can yeah
can you do all the calories it's 5,000
calories
here's our lunch station got some
avocado avocado baguette Oh everyone's
stretching out a little bit
Oh got some quinoa
oh yeah perfect you know do both got a
nice 45 minute to an hour break we're
packing up I'm gonna put this knee brace
this like sports knee brace on because
my knees bent whinging a little bit and
I'm a little bit worried so I've never
worn one of these before get it just
slips another
you're barking by to prove
that you lost his side I'm holding time
cut see through the night to show you my
to paint these walls white no I don't a
fight now your barking goodbye
right now that you lost your sight now
inside you guys catch up with you all
right and they just swapped over thanks
back on the trike yesterday
well
come alongside so this is your your
longest cycle you've ever done yeah
what oh really
someone said to the right oh yeah no
you're right it was open weather all the
way guys okay guys we have just over 15
minutes left we in the city we're
staying in tonight called Nantes or
something anyway we're we're pretty
tired I think we've done about 80 miles
this is the final leg
the GoPro
right it's it's pretty late we haven't
really thought much this evening other
than just dumped our bags we quickly
went out to grab some food but I am just
exhausted guys and I tend not to really
blog much when I'm this tired so nothing
much to report from today other than it
went well the last little bit was pretty
tough to push through but yeah I'm happy
again I think I set another personal
bests today we did roughly 90 miles
maybe a little bit less that's what why
I'm just yeah this vlogging dave-o
so I'm signing out Dave's just having a
little nap there we didn't have enough
beds and fortunately anyway yeah another
long cycle tomorrow and we're doing
another 88 miles or something and we're
just trying to figure out the right
route at the moment anyway oh oh yeah
guys if you haven't sponsored sponsored
us yet I'll link it below and you can
read a bit more about what we're raising
money for but yes it's a good challenge
I don't know if I'm going to keep such
high morale as we go on but hopefully
hopefully I think my legs will get
stronger as well oh that's all alright
Cashin morning peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
