welcome to Spain we are I don't know
where we are in the Pyrenees basically
we just started heading south from San
Sebastian we took a day off there
yesterday
how's it looking I'm just trying to get
the lens the lens wasn't quite right
yesterday but whenever I do the live
stream oh oh thank you oh yes then how's
that looking I think that's looking ok
let me just check on my my other phone
oh we just stopped for a lunch break you
can you guys hear me okay just need to
check all the mics plugged in and
everything it's all good nice
ok we're yeah we're just about to head
out so I thought I saw my livestream now
in case we lose connection at least then
there's a little bit of yeah a little
bit working one sec just checking the
stream looks ok yeah just the come
slightly this way I've got my speaker
might be paint playing some tunes as
we're cycling guys if you don't mind
it's just good for motivation this way
so that's the left wait I say I said
this side back on the ride okay
no they right okay check on the right
gear I'm gonna try and do today guys to
show you a bit more of where we're going
like kind of where we're looking at so
you can see a bit more scenery this is
the way to livestream James you need to
get this rig then he listening in live
stream hands-free a lot of these guys
have been doing streams and their
Facebook's
oh this is nice we did a mega mega
mountain this morning it was just insane
every like 200 meters I was stopping
sorry every 200 meters or stopping just
catch my breath
let the burn in my legs relieve a little
bit if any of you pro cyclist have any
tips do you let me know because this is
just the beginning of our mountain run
all right let me see if I can get this a
bit further back oh oh yeah is everyone
ready
oh yeah I have no idea what Spanish
tower room but it's a lovely little
village we've been here for about 45
minutes just getting some lunch and yeah
no we're gonna make our way
for that we've only got another 20 miles
to do today and there's not a great
amount of uphill thankfully yeah this is
nice it's nice doing these live streams
and including you guys should I show you
where we are and you can kind of see the
vibes so this is uh yeah this is where
cycling no amazing views right now
but yeah it looks pretty cool it was a
blazing sunshine this morning so I was
just getting some getting a suntan try
not to get my cycling top to sway
because we can't really happen that
often
I tend to go a bit slower when I'm
live-streaming guys a little bit slower
than my normal pace so I'm trying to
keep up with everyone today but my
isotope what's it called electrolyte
drink just eating a big meal energized
for the next cycle so put some music on
I try not to have it too loud so you
guys see you guys can there that's the
support man hid enough yeah yeah put
some tunes on a little bit sound sera
tell me that's a good volume I don't
know make it hard to hear me talking
let's be honest I'm gonna be about out
of breath up this hip whoa
oh I thought is mainly downhill someone
lied dropping down a gear would have
been nice to maybe wait another 20
minutes for my food to go down I'm
trying to read the comment guys oh I'm
originally from I am originally from the
UK but I did a DNA test recently and
found out found out that I'm actually
Celtic my new eyes Scottish but a lot of
my roots are
Celtic from Ireland and then some from
the Iberian Peninsula which is cool
Oh Iberian region so I'm a bit lower
down and all the other guys cycling okay
this is my view I was wondering whether
there's a good plan doing the whole trip
on it well they call it a recumbent
bicycle to sit down one a lot heavier
than the other bikes but it's more
relaxing in general apart from up hills
and I'm thinking at some stage of their
really the hills get really bad I might
need to switch to an upright normal bike
also have you just tuned in you don't
really know what's going on I'm cycling
to Africa from London we've made it to
Spain I think they've done like 700
miles if you click in the description of
linked a live route where we are where
we've been
and also maestro about which I'm
updating every day and the one second
sorry I'll catch my breath in a minute
sorry
yeah but also the link to our sponsored
sponsored ride to raising money this is
why we're doing this trip for a really
good charity in London that I can vouch
for I've been doing work with the last
10 years or so on and off and the
founder of the cherry Andes with us and
yeah it's good some of the boys that
have benefited from such a praise names
regenerate and they were young people in
London and a couple of those boys are
with us and yeah the whole point is
raising money to do more trip abroad
were doing projects with some of these
guys so that's a worthy cause if you
want to sponsor sponsor me
being the most physical exercise I've
ever done in my entire life
like sometimes 10 to 12 hour days we did
almost 120 miles the other day in one
day absolutely exhausting and we're
doing it day after day after day it's
grueling my body's getting used to it
now it's kind of very mentally
challenging as oh yeah I'm holding up
all right had to get an early night last
night I'm really struggling editing
blogs but that's why I'm doing these
live streams like I've said but
hopefully I'll get to upload some vlogs
for you guys I'm hoping there's some
nice views coming out so I can show you
there's really nothing to show you right
now we're just on the side of a motorway
oh there's some nice mountains earlier
oh okay we're going on a side route
right now sorry I started the glowing
thing that's mainly down the hills I
wouldn't be out of breath it's probably
not that entertaining watching me out
breath oh can you hear me okay there
it's actually quite windy here I think I
should get a mirror
I'm kind of glad the Sun isn't as
intense as it was earlier got a heat
stroke the other day I also had some
problems in my previous live streams one
was I think I need to turn this here
one was I accidentally deleted one of my
own so I'm currently talking to YouTube
about restoring that secondly the other
live stream I did just like two days ago
it uploaded and really bad quality well
I'm hoping this live stream I can upload
in full quality there you go got to
speed up now hi this is a nice view tear
this out
nice Spanish countryside
oh yeah whoa
it must be crazy windy sorry guys hang
on how many calories are my eating a day
I'm not keeping track massively but I'm
just trying to eat as much as I possibly
can
showering everything good loads of vegan
energy bars on my bag doing smoothies
hopes lentils and loads of veg for lunch
and beans and just smashing it this trip
oh yeah there's some of the other guys
behind me this trip in total pink is
like 20 days and we're nine days in I've
only uploaded like three three blogs
maybe maybe there's some live streams
that I'm for burr
busting a cheeky little right here we
going right yeah
is this right it's just taking us it's
taking it back to the motorway yeah
I'm just following the strawberry I
don't think I can do this today
please let spare me on it to be this we
bury this would be very different if as
a so oh yeah there's nothing big about
team morale camaraderie yes a good word
yes got some downhill
such nice buildings out here guys look
just cute little cottages and if any you
haven't been to Europe this is a yes
it's very classic European village oh
it's quite nice stabilization on this
samseong actually going on I got fly my
eye ah oh I need to put my sunglasses on
how's the quality guys is it still
holding up or is it you are we losing
quality is it really bad okay it's bad
right now sorry
oh man I'm hoping if it stays really bad
then I'll have to end it but what I'm
hoping is when I finish the stream this
is what it didn't do the other day but
it should upload a higher quality
version if that doesn't happen then it
is pretty bad but I don't know where
else to be because it's hard to predict
the really hard to predict the signal in
these mountains okay is he got better
okay I mean is it watchable though it
would you rather just me not not to be
doing this I'm big on quality in general
that's why I vlog 4k with that big
camera okay well I'll keep going for the
moment we'll see how these go partly I
feel like the technology's not quite
there yet for mobile live streams like
unless you're in a city or something but
when you're out having adventures like
this it's probably not not quite good
enough this is a shavers this is the
kind of stuff I'd love to livestream or
off how's my back my back is great to be
honest oh I think I got some cream in my
eyes Nelly yeah like all of my body
feels fine apart from my legs whereas
some of the upright cyclists are saying
their backs hurting their different
parts of their body you're hurting but
the recumbent I think it's good for
overall relaxation on the body but it's
hard to walk up the hills
whoa the temperatures been pretty hot
for April was surprised like coming into
the southern part of France and into
Spain is like 30 degrees Celsius yeah
someone said is there been any fools yet
one guy actually had an accident today
thankfully he wasn't hurt
he's pedal clipped a big curb on the
side of the motorway and flipped him
over and he had to get out the road
really quickly that could have gone
really bad leave a card being there so
we're trying to stay vigilant we were
all wearing helmets obviously some of
the fast down hills I'd wondered if I
skidded and flipped this which is
possible that would be really painful
especially not wearing a top or anything
probably get nasty grazes but yeah
hopefully doesn't happen look at these
views there's some nice nice rolling
hills lovely Spanish countryside we've
seen a lot of animals steep sand horses
I think saw a donkey oh well let's do
we're going downhill now so let's do a
little front facing camera on the hill
see what this looks like
whoa yes downhill this is what I'm
living for today
it's all about freewheeling oh yes it's
really nice
whoo
yeah
hahaha to really lean on these corners
oh this is sick
hello
whoa babe
I must be going 40 miles an hour right
now guys I don't have you're gonna hear
me laughing windy Oh massive pothole
whoa oh my god crazy that is crazy
oh listen egg we do story a lost
connection is it gone really bad we're
in a valley oh okay I'm back I'm back
I'm crying I am crying
whoa wow this is going on
yeah I don't know how I don't know the
connections gonna hold up in this body
but we'll try we'll try and keep going
for a little bit
Oh way better nice yeah so the next
destination I don't know how to I'll try
and like what I'm gonna try and do later
tonight is I'll try and map a Google map
route through to where we're going and
maybe I can link start linking that in
my video so you can track or just where
we've been and where we are but where
we're going to go to as well that means
maybe even some of you you're chilling
in Spain right now maybe you could join
us it would be cool we were saying it's
time likely really nice and some of you
guys came out and joined it's a worthy
cause it's a lot of fun a lot of banter
of the boys but also a lot of hard work
oh we're only staying in Morocco for
like a day or two I think unfortunately
because a lot of these guys have to go
back to normal normal jobs but you know
I haven't really made a plan yet
great news in like two days time Roy is
coming out to join this is going to be
really nice because uh yeah I've been
missed enough
I'm on the tunes a little bit
I'm dancing actually
their music keeps me motivated
specially up the hills I get a rhythm
going
I've been playing a lot salsa and I've
been playing a lot Garrett as well UK
garage good RIT it's good tempo to like
penalty oh I think my helmets leaning
forward a little bit we've done 42 miles
already today
Oh through tanner
yeah 42 miles I think we've only got
less than 20 miles to go now I'm feeling
much better after lunch I think it takes
a second further well it takes for you
and half an hour for the food to turn
into energy apparently the key is never
wait till you're hungry because it's
already too late by the time you're
hungry you have to put eat eating yeah I
said this before but I think we're
burning like 5,000 calories a day
mmm this is key check this out
little wall here
I love the history in Europe like you
can just see it everywhere like
farmhouses it must be like 500 years old
and stuff and just like just feels super
old schools these villages kind of like
in a way although I'm a modern tech
junky and I love like kind of connecting
networking globalization like all the
modern things but it's also nice seeing
original old-school culture be nice to
find ways to preserve that amongst their
kind of modern up modern world
I guess this happens more in little
villages or doesn't it rather than
cities
looks like we're going through a little
town now just flip the camera again no
carb I'm ethnic
yeah look at these cute little cute
little I just stone gorgeous
and that one is all della proper old
whoo
how's everyone's Sunday going is Sunday
isn't it
what's everyone else up to obviously
you're watching YouTube but you having
good a good day
yeah getting a South Africa nice
studying oh I'm gonna flip the cap
second
is it my superior here that minute this
valley
tell me if I'm flipping the camera
around too many times I just wanted my
some constructive criticism from the
other day was there people wanted to see
more of what I was sitting so don't
watch flip it around bit switch it up
yeah this is really fun oh hey guy
feeling testy today like I got a little
cough or something I think that's the
biggest challenge on this trip is making
sure I'm resting up enough and eating
enough this is just so challenging I
can't say enough like it's a good
challenge it really is and I'm it's nice
I think I needed something like this to
push myself to work this whore
physically because when it comes to
exercise I'm actually a bit lazy I think
I don't know if I'm lazy in all areas of
life at times I've worked flipping hard
getting the blogs vlogs done hello you
can't really see it behind the scenes is
a lot of work it's good it's good
well I think I'm crossing here
but yeah when it comes to exercise I've
never been able to seem to motivate
myself like other people can yeah this
trip I haven't really got an option I
think if it's done to me I'd be leaving
a lot later everyday and covering a lot
less mile miles but it isn't down to me
it's the whole team of us so I can't let
the team down we're on our mileage 43
that's good what
anyone got any other questions I still
live streaming sandy live stream they
said they liked the music oh it's hard
to get you in camera unless I'd put my
head right down how are you doing today
Andy right dawned on me what we're doing
when we did that mountain yeah
apparently someone some of the people
said we haven't actually even officially
appear and easier yeah it was a hill
that's the point and we were actually to
some mountains next yeah we've kind of
told ourselves today's the first
mountain bay-buh
oh right who's behind us the last person
all right I'm just gonna keep going guys
until we leave the leave the stream
which way Andy down this way okay
it's hard yeah I definitely need a
little mirror to mirror some rearview
mirrors or wing mirrors or whatever
being a kind of ammeter and having not
done a trip like this before
and you kind of have to learn a bit on
the go about what you need and don't
need and little accessories and I've got
a really cool like clipped my my a 7s
down here it's actually it's actually
holding on all right so I totally forgot
about it oh it's like hammering it down
those hills oh yeah the other thing guys
is Dave Erasmus has unfortunately left
the trip that was always the plan
police mayor voice yeah that was always
the plan he's actually just caught a
train back to the UK she's got a meeting
yesterday but he painted good effort he
completed our longest day which was like
a hundred and 120 miles so I'm yeah I'm
very impressed with him and like me he's
also really done barely any training and
yeah definitely not pry so I felt like
we're in the same boat really yeah
how am I getting back to the UK I think
we're flying back I know that the
support van it's gonna load up our bikes
and drive them back but I haven't really
got time to do a road trip back because
I think I'm going on another trip with
Dave in France and then I think the plan
is heading to La oh no some sheep see
those sheep up there yeah so yeah I
think the plan is at the moment me and
Roy are heading to LA and to finish up
some of the well to carry on with some
of the Beyond Borders document you'll
get some input still got the editor Nick
who's down in there laughter go in
Capetown working on stuff was them on
this trip so the documentary still
coming together he's sending me clips to
watch a bits section Caesar works on
because I did about nine hours of
interview voice-over stuff before I left
came down on the tunes again
whoa
oh yeah the other day right two days ago
we were cycling it into someone I can't
member we're but it's tight yeah we're
rain
and these bags here aren't really
waterproof and I'll just get drenched
but it kind of felt nice I wouldn't want
to everyday but felt like we were
properly yes I don't know like yeah
against the elements I look skinny yeah
I'm a bit skinny but I don't think I'm
underweight my problem is it's not not a
problem but I just can't seem to put one
anyway no matter how much I eat but yeah
this trips been hard to be burning like
5,000 calories a day
so typically I'd imagine on a trip like
this most people are they lose a bit of
weight my legs are getting strong though
like machine strong yeah I got cleats I
got clean my pedal so I can clip my feet
in Oh
music stuck in the thing for a kind of
setting the mood in there like emotions
is that I find sounds to just such a
happy happy Jonah go a little bit of an
uphill here sweep down here any
spanish-speaking people know what this
woman singing what's cook Allah
it's a Latin American yes Spanish though
no it's probably uh oh yeah I know she's
not Spanish but singing Spanish you know
left in Spanish or here all the boys are
at the top
hey get in a group shot ah ah I just
picture I just do that I just do the
fight over this yeah it's got a cameras
down here Oh probably get fo you like
that goodnight
that's a cool shot there it's gonna team
photo guys where you going once
squad scored London to Africa make sure
your RX went under doesn't get run over
yeah it's going
it was Bremen premier now it's not going
it's not going well have you got a
10-second here
say isn't it yeah it's got it what it
yeah thanks yeah oh just in time for the
tractor whoa oh yeah that tractor would
have munched it
guys what I could do basically I have a
my fusion camera my 360s broken drops on
the floor I'm getting a new one tomorrow
but what I could do is actually vlog a
little bit like this is this it's be a
cool way to vlog so I can actually just
film some it won't be as bad qualities a
livestream I think I can film almost I
think front camera on this I think you
do like to point something k resolution
stuff I could get some cool shots for
the vlog what's most recycling oh yeah
let me show you the let me show you
where I've rigged up the a7s2 this air
she's attached it there in front of the
bike I guess I've got a guest gotta hope
that there's no pebbles that chip up and
hit the lens maybe I should have done it
the other way actually now I'm thinking
about what I might do guys is do a
little work Instagram livestream as well
with the same setup it might be very
similar to this but if you won head over
to my Instagram now and I'm gonna yeah
start a live stream there I think maybe
finished this one I think basically some
of my Instagram audience or probably
don't know about my YouTube livestream
anyway it's been fun I'm gonna keep
doing this I'm gonna try and do him
everyday we've got good reception seems
to have gone well today thanks for
joining and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
and like I said if you could sponsor
sponsor a sponsor the guys that'd be
awesome even it's like a quid or
something be nice peace out
