good morning guys
today's the day that we're cycling to
Africa we've got our bikes just arrived
to Andes
how you feelin Andy you ready yes yeah
I've definitely customized
what is that nothing
I thought breaking my bike or any up my
chains come off yeah
all right don't like 360 camera good
come on speaker we're about to head off
got our tops and you got these tops
printed for the live the eventually they
check out you sorry about this trip Andy
be good how many guys we got 14 days
come in a days joining us in Portsmouth
all
we've taken four wrong turns in half an
hour wait so wait guys so I think we're
going to be doing a lot of back roots
rather than the the main roads which is
really nice thanks
these speed bumps are not nicely
what are we going this is really the
rate
sunny Leone
more clients how happy
feels like open posture see stomach
nanos to me
we made it to Asia which is right near
where I grew up in Cabo I think we're
gonna actually dry cycle past my house
which is cool we're stopping in our
friend Jordan's coffee shop zero this is
yeah this is a very cool kind of cyclist
coffee shop yes bro oh we're going to
Africa you can come if this is what the
whole rides going to be
you
Oh guys what that's come to see yourself
you're going to come for a couple of
miles
so nice doing this country right
tonight that
see
oh my legs are burning how are we gonna
do the parodies guys we're 25 miles into
our rise we caught up with the minibus
this is our support vehicle obviously
for the food and snacks we just had a
little brunch a little energy drink and
now we're continuing got another oh yes
better the way Oh get more just over a
third of the way just good living it
drop to my phone a bit earlier smashed
it
thankfully it's still working I've just
extended the this bit here to give me
more leg room because I wasn't able to
straighten my legs fully so I think
that's gonna give me a bit more power
yeah I might lose a bit of weight layer
if I'm struggling probably take some of
this out okay guys we we're only a
20-minute drive from Portsmouth so I
guess that's like an hour cycling now
this is our official lunch break it's 3
p.m. where are we Peters Peters oh I
just met some guys that watch my videos
how are you guys there they've just told
me there's a vegan burger place down
there so we're gonna go and find some
good lunch for me to eat as much as
possible I'm supposed to be eating 5,000
calories a day I don't know how I'm
going to do that check this out
this is like fast food vegan stuff a net
so this is a this this is the big earth
burger I think it was the one with the
most calories in the menu and then Lisa
this is popcorn chicken or vegan chicken
I'm actually quite proud of myself with
doing that points was very difficult but
overall pretty good it's pretty cool
pretty cool oh my legs are like jelly
like I've just inquired to see if
there's a masseuse on the ferry think
they're mine hey look who's arrived it's
day if you're looking forward to it Dave
I'm still looking forward to even though
my legs
I can barely operate on surviving man
because what's the longest ride you at
done caught my third of that guys we are
five percent of the way there
yeah sites for sin oh really
your name please why you want to see my
passport
sure
that's my name thank you yeah Billy
going on the cruise is it the cruise
ship or not almost you always like
bedrooms guys check this out I have a
bedroom and a shower oh my gosh this is
amazing
sleep guys check out this military ship
through we're passing on the way out
got freshened up dress smartly come down
for some dinner quite a lot of doing huh
thankfully fact managed to find some
vegan friendly stuff got ratatouille
he's rice plate of chips and fruit this
was soup a little starter I'm just gonna
piling on the calories try and make up
for today review of today is my first
long bike ride firstly the most I've
ever exercised in a day like seven or
eight hours of solid like proper
exercise 50 miles is all right after
that for the last 30 miles was hard I
feel like I could have been a little bit
more I don't think I ate as many
calories as I've burnt I'm gonna try and
try and get better at that and yeah legs
aching a lot more than I thought they
would and yeah I'm worried about some of
the legs we're doing some of the routes
we're doing on the way down because some
of them there's some pretty hilly
sections like really high altitude and
that's swear I struggled today say hey
I'll get stronger but I feel like it's
gonna be powering through some of this
aching the legs and stuff anyway is fun
it's cool a cool new experience and if
you've got any tips for me guys
specially cyclists out there let me know
bleh and you know I try and keep you
guys updated on Twitter and Instagram
and if you give your honorary through
France of Spain and want to come and
join today or coming to meet us and
that'd be awesome
anyway okay she in the morning as we
arrived into France peace out enjoy life
live the adventure
