hear me can you see me guy tell me if
the audios alright basically on my
little trike here we're in some random
French village and I'm about to take you
on a ride with me I'm just hoping the
audio works you can you go in your phone
and you got Internet or not ok I just
want to see the live streams working is
it working okay just go to my YouTube
channel and just see if it oreos working
alright okay yeah we just started it is
is working okay cool
well I've got a little mic with a
muffler so I'm hoping that that once we
get some speed and it gets a bit windy
it's not it's not gonna ruin the audio
alright yeah perfect
alright I think we're ready to go we
just had a long lunch break oh it's
quite warm isn't it maybe weed that
maybe I don't need this top hold on I
think I might just take this stuff and
put it on my bungee ah Andijan have been
my livestream sniffy yeah hello oh my
head down it's a little bit dangerous
I've got this pole hanging off my head
everyone's waiting for me everyone's a
little bit frustrated
yeah we've got a few viewers hello okay
I've got we've done over fit we're done
50 miles that I've made alright we've
got 35 miles to go and unfortunately I
haven't even uploaded the first video of
the of us leaving London yet because
it's I've had no time to edit but that's
why I synching these live streams are
gonna be cool I was hoping to at least
upload the first day and then switch to
live streams in some other days but
unfortunately you know I just thought we
better to get a video up anyway right
I think we're off are we off guys
no I don't know how far I can have this
out slide that back
how you doing Andy good fun in it I
think this will work better when I'm on
a stand up bike but we're on these
trikes oh this this knee brace is
actually really nice yeah guys I was
feeling a bit of a twinge in my me and
Andy's lent me this nice knee brace oh
it's where we going charging phone there
I've got a little charger block already
Sieber got a power bank down here my
bags in the back yeah I think so because
I've got that mic set up guys it's quite
windy here now so we've got some speed
building up tell me if you can still
hear me yes how many how many of you
guys are there someone just lost there's
14 of us oh yeah we're doing this for
charity guys so it's the London to
Africa bike ride we're probably I don't
know how many miles in we are Andy we
did 80 miles in 50 miles in another 50
miles so yeah when nice within 50 miles
yesterday so we must be a hundred and
there must be a hundred and eighty miles
in we're probably 10 percent of the way
there yeah we're pretty much almost in
Africa should we are some locals which
way to Africa this is this way to Africa
yeah Africa a perfect
oh he's up hills though so I'm good
so these little sit down bike someone
whose trikes they're good for um they're
good for speed and they're nice on the
flats and they're really nice
comfortably on the seats but after doing
180 miles in this oh we've had a
donation after doing a hundred and
eighty miles in this it's uh yeah it's
tough on the uphills I think it's a lot
heavier than a normal bike its Andy yeah
no it's it's nice take you need to keep
it Pat like you need to pace yourself
because you don't like hammer it and get
really tired and then you can't push
through the rest of the days it's nice
just chin it oh I can switch the view
you ask me twice we go so this is what
I'm seeing right now
there's my B and E in front of me
pedaling away yeah this is what the
bikes look like this one there's one big
one big wheel at the back and then two
at the front and we've got a flags to
keep safe and then ya live the adventure
flag okay I'm just getting used to these
live streams they'll probably become a
bit slicker the more practice
the plan is I'm gonna try and do these
every every other day whilst on the trip
which means I will be able to sleep at
night and actually get some energy we've
had some very rude French drivers
honking a 70mm
yeah maybe actually they were
encouraging yesterday night I finally
view if you do like one long poop on
your horn it's a bit aggressive rather
than like a little lighter dude
Phil oh that's a bit nicer but we're in
France are you I have no idea we're in
France are we nonce
not Nance Montez Nantes so guys I pre
any money that you donate on this
livestream
I'll put into this this sponsored by
coid I think I've raised three hundred
pounds so far and these raised a lot of
money behind me I've got tea Randy's
here did Andy Smith you can see his
knees anyway we're tryna raise it at 30
grand and they fundraise 30 grand for
regenerate which is uh yeah an awesome
charity you can find out more about it
or once on this live streams up later
tonight I'll link it so if you're
watching it in the future you'll be with
a quick 3
yeah this is the most physical exercise
I've ever done in my life so it's a nice
nice challenge very beautiful today
yesterday was a bit rainy but it's been
a really sunny day today and I'm just in
a good mood
I think everyone's in a good mood I love
that we can do these live streams this
is really nice I do have Ino handed a
thing and I could do some editing who
are psyching but I feel down dishes yeah
so I figured out if I lean side to side
I can kind of steer a little bit gets a
bit wobbly like I have got an even wider
angle lens I might have to put on there
on the phone and then you have to see
even more
look at this field so yellow
and every little village we go through
this it's really beautiful big churches
yes it's very nice very nice cycle today
very scenic we originally were going to
do some like back roots like some tracks
and stuff but the rebound is just taken
too long and these gravel track so we're
sticking to the roads
how are you crossing from France to
Spain into Africa well the plan is once
we get to the bottom of Spain so we've
got a ferry to France from the UK from
Portsmouth and and now we're going to do
you're going to cycle all the way
through to the southern tip of Spain and
then we're crossing a ferry over to
Morocco which is northern Africa because
we've only got just under three weeks we
really can do any more than we are at
the moment none of us are pro cyclist
I'm a complete amateur cyclists and yeah
I think it's pretty cool amount that's a
pretty good amount of distance we cover
in each day we're doing between kind of
50 or 60 s minimum up to one day I think
we're covering like Atalaya I think
we're doing like a hundred and four 15
miles which is massive I don't know that
is kilometres like a hundred and eighty
kilometres in one day whoa
yeah this is a good challenge I thought
it'd be a really nice challenge for me
because I often don't opt into big
physical challenges but when a bunch of
your friends are going and sounds kind
of fun and I thought be really fun on
this bike as well I wish you could see
the bike I know you can see it's that
one
so yes it's fun and this guy what made
you choose low bike make the normal bike
well it's a bit more relaxed like as you
can see so behind me right and the
lindell's in there in the lay down bike
so you're in a bucket seat you're not
hurting your bum on there and the normal
saddle and yeah it's just more relaxed
the only thing is carrying a bit more
weight and then yes it's hard work on
the legs and knees but you know it's
nice still like a man got me a bit a bit
more mobility the only thing I've had
hurting really is the yeah is the is the
knees and the legs but I don't do well
on normal bike saddles to be honest I
switched down a gear yeah it's nice I
think when we get to the pyrenees though
when we get into Spain I'm gonna have to
switch to a stand-up bike to make it all
those hills because this is super slow
up hills I've got little boombox behind
me so I've been playing some energetic
music to get me out the hills it's good
on the it's good for the motivation whoo
rhythm
yeah these countries that IDs are
amazing
please feel free just going through
under trying to get my drone up at some
point oh well this would be a good spot
because no like fine lines or anything
or a pylons maybe we're not in the
livestream yes if someone's staying
elsewhere dry erase she's in Bali right
now I don't think she fancied the bike
ride oh and it's a bit more of a lad
strip to be honest anyway that was the
VAT that was our support ban also guys
live the adventurers an official sponsor
check
so please do so so yeah we've got em
rapport knit Oh
I'll move this back a little bit Oh how
they've been doing yells playing someone
else will Tunes us playing for
motivation I actually found a really
good old school
UK garage playlist and Spotify and I'll
just pump them out the garage Tunes was
pedaling it's like a good good good
tempo what else is going on guys ask me
some questions I can read the screen
just about how am i documenting this Pro
progress well like I said I wanted to
live stream every other day so it like
reduces the amount I'm having to vlog
because vlogging is quite tough I have
got let me switch the camera so you can
see if I can show you the camera let me
switch this around so you can see you
know on terms day I'm going to flip this
and this is the effusion I've got on the
front of the bike if you watch the
latest vlog I've just uploaded you'll
see the setup I did on this bike just to
get maximum vlog ability awesome on the
trip so I've got the fusion cell at the
front
I got my vlogging camera accessible in
the back here and then here I got this
live stream setup which is actually
working really nicely yeah the problem
with carrying the big a7 s it's uh it's
quite weighty and I've already clip it
anywhere so ideally I went in an rx100
but I break I've broken my one rx100 say
I have to get another one maybe I can
buy when I'm ready
have a look yeah people are asking if
they can join yeah we'd love cyclists to
come and join and spur us on I've linked
our link on this vlog on this livestream
or route we're doing but I think you can
go on to anything how you can find out
well yesterday I tweeted or the day
before eat the link to the current route
like our live progressive we're exactly
where we are and I'll try and link that
below but we're trying to figure out a
way to show you the entire route down
and then if any of you guys are in any
of those spots you could come and join
us for the day or whatever I like my
dad's came and joined for a few out like
an hour or something when we started
through my hometown nice how many miles
are we going to do today well we've done
50 already and we're gonna do another 40
so I think we're yeah almost 90 miles
today which is actually quite a lot we
left it like 8:00 a.m. oh yeah of course
it's got a steady up here alright now as
soon as you get to the top I'm hoping
we've got a bit of a downhill stretch I
can show you what this bad boy can do
because we can get some good speed up on
this yeah
hey Kate I noticed you
yeah I am sucking through France yeah we
are probably a hundred and let me think
yeah we're probably a hundred miles from
the northern coast of France heading
south we're gonna stop in San Sebastian
and then carry on Pyrenees I'm really
scared of because this even these little
hills here are actually quite tough when
we start going up massive mountains I'm
no idea I'm gonna do that someone just
said how do I stay motivated in life
generally than I I think motivation he
goes and up ups and downs in life they I
think having good friends by your side
that can I believe when you're doing and
support your zip is a key one and then
also making sure you find your value in
the right places because I think if
you're finding your value in the wrong
places you can easily get demotivated or
motivated on other by other people
affecting you know feel like you need to
have a bit of a stronger foundation so
big topic to talk about but can we stop
in America hmm America is a little bit
far I think we couldn't make it there
maybe another trip I've realized already
I don't think I'll be doing many of
these long cycle trips it's just very
very tiring but good as well are we
going left are we going straight I've
got the map down here somewhere but I
haven't been paying attention okay quite
thirsty on these long up hills they
would reckon the good average length
through a live stream is like 30 minutes
you don't want to go much longer than
that
how long will be going 17 minutes hey
Dendi I need to go down here to see you
babe I've got you in the camera
switching you switching bike everyone
say hello today saying hey babe hello
how are you all oh they say they missed
you
ah I'm still here you know to be fair me
and Dave haven't hung out on a wall yeah
yeah this isn't ideal for like getting
other people in their shop but it is
amazing contraption it's great I think
you are genius
I just thought what's the best way to do
with a hands-free live stream and this
is this is what came up with you'll
finally convert it so just using a phone
for video and then maybe it's the
beginning it's definitely the best way
for live stream there's no other option
this is the equivalent of how you
started vlogging though on the little
cannon it yeah it's pretty tiny little
guys it's back to that world but now
live which is next level
we've had 30 pounds donated on this live
stream yeah walls have been life thank
you guys
wait Dave sexy someone said thank you
very much no look wait you're not ready
for Lukas legs give us a little flex
your legs Dave
he's got the sexy legs you are you just
touting me out yeah for money yeah this
is Boise I think Dave sexy legs deserve
a little donation weight and the smithy
you're so good at talking about the
vision why don't you do a little hang on
why don't you do a little two-minute and
talk about what we're doing
Kerri regenerate so I've been I set out
with my mom years ago 18 years ago and
it's on a big council housing estate
where I live and we've been running lots
of projects for young people started
projects with elderly people just trying
to make a difference in our community
and now yeah you got involved Louie well
12 years ago and we used to drive the
double-decker bus and do loads of youth
work together and you know we're
basically investing in young people and
the estate's helping to make a
difference in the world so take young
people all over often to developing
countries the young people from our
community that might not get those sort
of opportunities and help them get
alongside them to make a difference so
whether it's building schools in Kenya
or helping build houses South project
Eastern Europe in Romanian places and
this bike ride is we're trying to raise
money to get a pot of money to resource
young people that wouldn't get the
opportunity to have amazing experiences
we've got a few lads from the estate on
this trip as well and this is amazing
it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
and the linsell and they were just
cracking up at me waffle in a way this
is my moment to speak to all of Louie's
people to people just donated voice over
to our 25 quick so I'm gonna go on for
another half an hour
nice hoping you guys heard that
yeah well we do we've got plenty of live
streams guys I hope you heard Andy then
I tried to switch the micro so you could
hear him did that work out sorry guys
I'm holding us up sri keep going yeah we
to be fair we do need to you do need to
start with Africa say yeah you did it's
perfect now that they said that work
purply hearing you say no it's good so
yeah I've got this fluffy mic on so it's
not it's not the actual built-in mic on
the phone so it's actually working much
better I'm happy with how this
Lightroom's turned out I sometimes find
it hard guys to chat for this challenge
and because I thinking I think when I'm
not on camera I don't typically talk
non-stop half an hour ah normally have a
discussion but because you guys are it's
just a written to Sir are we right now I
don't know all I know is we've done
about miles from the coast so yeah we're
we're still in northern France I guess
and when will Rio join okay so Riya is
actually flying in in ten days time to
Madrid and then she's going to get the
train to whatever town were going to be
in which nearby and what's quite
exciting is she's coming just before my
birthday it's actually my birth which is
nice that it coincides with this trip
because I'll be with a lot of my friends
and and maybe also be a nice thing to
like ask you guys to donate for my
birthday I see a lot of youtubers there
in that like instead of giving me a
birthday present not that you would be
giving me a birthday present but you
know it makes it it makes it a worthy
cause you know
yeah someone decided on me using a phone
yeah I'm using this sucker the samsung
s8 to livestream I kind of want to test
it with the wide angle lens let me see
if I can reach you without crushing hang
on
Sora earlier oh yeah this could work
well let me see if I can grab it
tonight that's the sellotape fault I've
got it I've got the light wide-angle
lens
these bags aren't quite as accessible as
I do want them to be okay let's try this
so got the wide-angle lens let's see if
this is a nicer shot still trial and
error oh you just stay
try and stay as straight as possible
okay so let's see if this works hang on
is that nice guys that a nice a shot and
then what we can do is long day that
even more Oh how's that especially a bit
nice using it like that yeah that kind
of work to think oh yeah is that much
wider don't ever you can see oh oh am in
the wrong gear we're going uphill again
yeah so the plan is we leave every
morning I thinking like around 8 a.m.
maybe some mornings to try and leave
earlier like on the day were doing over
100 miles and yeah and then we'll be
done by depending on how many miles but
trying to be done before sunset it's a
lot of riding and like I said I've never
done this amount of exercise my entire
life so this is a quite a challenge
quite a big challenge
hey I hope this is entertaining for you
guys it's cool that this is completely
live isn't it I think this whole live
streaming thing it's got me thinking
like maybe I should do a lot more
livestream on my channel because what
ends up happening is I get a few days
behind in my daily vlogs and it seems
like people litt lose a bit of interest
because it's like not like live life oh
yeah I'm thinking a lot about YouTube
right now like what what the people
wanna watch what are people you know
what keeps people coming back to watch
vlogs I think the reality is a lot of
people were yeah a lot of people for the
know there's a there's a life a life
cycle like a life span of vloggers and
maybe after a while people just get
bored and they move on to watching
someone else it's a thing for a lot of
my audience that probably is the case
but I'm not letting that get me down or
anything I'm just keeping going doing
what I love doing some fun trips and
adventures and hopefully you know
providing entertaining interesting
content and you guys to what I do let me
know if you do two ways of doing that is
you can just like this video or I'm
gonna turn the bail notification on for
when I'm uploading or just leave a nice
comment it's all encouraging for me but
yeah I'll try and make some cool little
series on my channel me maybe move away
from just the daily vlogs of what I'm up
to but maybe I can throw some of that in
mix it up a bit at least some live
streams make some fun like specific
travel videos giving you tips on my
favorite places or cameras I'm using
yeah thank you for those long-term
viewers that I've been witnessing start
I do appreciate it
what inspires me
I think people people that inspire me
and not typically like super successful
businessmen that I've been chasing money
although there are some successful
businessmen that are inspiring people
like a long mask but I'm not inspired
that he's rich or wealthy or anything
it's more that he's doing some positive
things for the world so I think it's a
lot of people inspire me actually three
of the guys that inspire me are just
ahead here we got Dave Andy Smith and
Annie Lin's all have all played massive
parts of my life doing great things you
know Andy run Andy Lindsey runs a
successful business and he's always been
a support to me a lot of my best friends
and he's always yeah he thinks outside
the box he's a big visionary and the
Smith runs a charity again being a great
mentor to me and inspire me a lot with
what he does for people and the love he
has for people and then Dave in the same
way one of my best friends and yeah
doing amazing things with his life he's
kind of really experimenting with
off-the-grid living and what the world
is really about and like how can we live
more harmoniously with it and how can we
in to connect with this global community
a bit more and be a part of this global
tribe or kind of you know that kind of
void so yeah all very out-of-the-box
thinking guys all inspire me and that's
why it's so nice to be on a trip like
this with them and the other guys out
here as well but it's nice yeah I really
enjoy hanging out with these guys
it's always good for me good for myself
ah right how far into the livestream are
we I already see you this lens on hang
on I think we might wrap up don't worry
guys please also is this like it's super
windy right now can you still hear me
okay with the with the muffler on little
good I'm gonna take the lens off so I
can already read hang on yeah
is it all good guys I'm just reading
your comments yeah it's good awesome
okay let me catch all of these guys and
then move to say goodbye and then are
they're all they're tuning again in a
couple of days time I'm either gonna try
and upload the day 1 vlog tonight or
tomorrow depending on if I can sleep
enough because I don't want to sacrifice
sleep on this trip because it's pretty
important that I have as much energy as
possible I've been showering snacks all
day and taking all my advice for my
cycling friends Oh try and catch up and
say goodbye Oh
whoa oh that quite far ahead
Hey hi guys I'm going to sign out the
live stream gonna say goodbye right
oh hey guy oh boy
