good afternoon guys I have just landed
in London after quite a long flight from
Cape Town we went by Amsterdam and I
have so much hand luggage
SunRail
this is extremely heavy this bag and
I've got to checked in bags as well
because I collected a bunch of stuff in
Cape Town I probably didn't really
plan ahead properly anyway I'm back I'm
excited to be back and have a fun week
seriously guys what has happened to me
why have we got so many bags this is not
okay Romero is to travel like just one
backpack I think I need to go back to
those days guys I have made it into
central London I've checked into my
hotel behind me here I actually even
managed to get a couple of hours sleep
cuz I did not sleep on the plane
and I had to postpone a meeting I
supposed to have but I now have another
meeting with I think it's like the head
of YouTube for like Europe and they're
hosting a dinner and a few kind of
youtubers are coming along and I guess
we're just gonna network
anyway as usual I'm running a little bit
late and I've calculated the fastest way
to get there is actually by getting on a
London bike I don't know that you call
them nowadays but we still call them the
Boris white and you
to race through the traffic and trying
to get there apparently saying I'm gonna
get that five minutes late even if I
leave now so I'm gonna cycle fast it's a
good job I've been training
okay I found some I just need to log in
get them okay got my code it's a red
light
here we go this tie is good it looks
good one two three
riding these Barbies bikes in a lot
harder than I remember I think as I've
been training on the mound that probably
the lots of gears you can actually get a
lot more speed up but these bikes are so
bad I've ever done I've never realized
it we did it
Oh oh my gosh the other thing I didn't
account for is that not everyone not
everywhere has docking stations so I've
got another five minute walk to get to
the YouTube space ten minutes late
holy 15 minutes late mother together not
terrible but classic
I'm sorry we've just been sitting down a
bunch of youtubers and staff at YouTube
and just having an amazing night
chatting away and it's quite loud and I
haven't really been to vlog much but
this has been a good night it's been a
really cool night our guys that was so
good tonight
yeah very difficult actually blog and I
think that was going on but we just had
such a nice dinner as a bunch of
youtubers there and there was a few
people I haven't talked to before
YouTube but it's just so nice to hear
that there's people working in YouTube
that are really passionate about their
being good to content that it's making a
difference in the world and it was
really nice to connect with them yeah
can it connect with YouTube so it's not
just this like big corporate company but
this is their like I feel like it's
really based on like personal
relationships now for me like whether
it's my like partner manager or certain
people in the company I really feel like
other these my friends are like you know
we've got similar values and we want to
see the same thing to them the world and
for the platform and how it can be used
in the best way so yeah really really
good conversations tonight I was saying
hopefully YouTube might get behind the
sponsored bike ride I'm doing on the
weekend it's a little bit late notice
but maybe they click away to promote
what we're doing and it's a good cause
yeah that'd be cool sweet my uber now
I'm swaying outside their YouTube space
watching some of the videos that they
have on the video will hear openness
Steve sports Steve yes bro go Josh up
there
Alex Hayes Marcus Pete McKinnon it's
funny to think I'm actually friends are
like almost everyone on this video well
as so cool YouTube is such a cool
community
yeah I'm feeling tired I am feeling
tired oh well guys at the end of the day
just getting back into the swing of
things here in the UK and there's a few
things I've noticed being back in the
country having not been traveling at my
normal kind of pace as I have been the
last few years things that really struck
me being back in the UK firstly the Sun
setting so much later than South Africa
and it's weird to me cuz it's just like
the beginning of spring I think so just
that's already like mad secondly it's so
nice to be able to have long showers
again I don't know if you've been kind
of keeping up with what's going on in
Cape Town but there's the water crisis
which I think it died down people
weren't talking about it as much when we
left but when we arrived it was like
super urgent
you know don't use much water I think it
was like limit your showers to 90
seconds and recycle water and don't
flush the toilet all the time stuff like
that so it's kind of in a way it's kind
of nice being back but also I think
being in Cape Town did make me more
conscious at just about the amount of
water we use and it's something I want
to try and do more in my life guys about
some parts of my life I've tried to
steer towards being more sustainable as
a person you know in this planet that
we're trying to protect there's a lot of
ways I can improve how I consume so yeah
it's small steps it's baby steps but
yeah there's some big things I can do
actually if you've got any ideas of
generally how I can consume better and
and be less yea destructive with the way
I live you know let me know obviously
travel the amount I've been traveling is
a big part of that anyway yeah back in
the UK and yeah I'm just
yeah I'm just trying to gear up for this
mad trip we're doing in the weekend and
I'm gonna try and rest up the next
couple of days but I will be vlogging
even if it's just chill vlogs like today
where I'm not really doing much but I
just want to be get my camera out more
and just filming even in off days where
I'm not kind of doing loads of things
anyway I will catch you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna head down catch up with my
parents haven't seen them in a while I'm
getting some deliveries that I've had
for this bike ride like some gloves and
some padded shorts and stuff like that
and then um and some energy bars vegan
energy bars I ordered and then also
catching up with Andy hopefully it may
be getting a little practice bike riding
check out the bikes that we're gonna be
taking stuff like that and but yeah I'll
see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
