good morning guys it's a beautiful day
in Cape Town
unfortunately it's rires last day today
she is heading off to Bali they say I
mean I'm sure she's not that set um I am
heading off in a couple of days back to
the UK but we thought we'd make the most
of our last day we stayed at this really
nice hotel the Twelve Apostles Hotel and
look at this view that we have this is
just incredible and we've just sat down
some lunch this is the vegan high tea
we've just been brought this platter of
incredible food how is this all being
you look at the chocolates though my
gosh I'm so excited and this is hummus
and this is like an assortment of
different sandwiches and stuff Cheers
okay guys I haven't had a chance to vlog
a lot today I've been running around
frantically because I've actually moved
my flight I was due to fly out in a week
but decided to fly out tonight at 11
p.m. so I've had to quickly figure
everything out type all my loose ends I
went over to Manon Berg hung out a Nick
who's editing the documentary and we
just went through everything checked I'd
done everything I needed to one of the
big reasons I don't mean daily vlogging
is I've been shooting a lot of the the
insert that kind of the interview stuff
which is like the I guess the reflective
stuff about what we got up to over the
three months apparently now we have nine
hours of footage with me sitting being
interviewed about the trip so hopefully
Nick will be able to pull out some juicy
moments to use and yeah then I went to
alms to pick up some different camera
gear that I'm gonna need for the cycle
ride anyway now I'm packing I've got so
much to sort out in the next hour before
I head out and also I am gonna go and
spend some time in Nick and and in Sai
and Jesse and say goodbye to Jesse I've
been I've really bonded with Jesse this
trip he is an awesome little baby can't
wait to see him grow up
I feel like I'm kind of his honorary
uncle and yeah so it's weird leaving a
place like this after being here for so
long but you know back on the road this
time though I've got just way too much
stuff like way more than I usually
travel with because I've kind of been
collecting stuff here I did a few
different trips where I was bringing new
things down so I've ended up with and
I've also ended up with this this is
riah's spare stuff that she couldn't
bring and tabali so I've I've just got
like that's not my bag but I've got like
one bag of tech stuff which I'm gonna
have to try and take on his hand luggage
and then I've got a bag here that I'm
gonna be putting all my clothes and
other stuff in and then I've got this
bag Oh guys if you can just travel light
don't do what I've just done I've got
too many things
Jesse's standing up
yes Jesse yeah standing up and dancing
come on okay even have to be a vlogger
this guy this is literally like some of
Jesse's first steps I don't know when
you can officially count it I guess you
can I guess this is kind of Castilla
these are your first steps we're
educating Jesse with some good music
little shout outs tom mesh Jesse isn't
even one yet and he can ride a
skateboard check this out
yes Jesse get it get it get it yes go
Jesse come on
yeah good boy Jesse
just push it yeah
well I managed to pack all my stuff
eventually it was all a bit of a rush
jumping in the car
Nick thankfully dropped him in the
airport in time and I'm all sorted now
I've calmed down it's weird to be going
back on her onto the plane after being
grounded in Cape Town for so many months
it's kind of weird Riya was saying the
same thing when she pleads a body she
hadn't been on the plane flight
two-and-a-half months I don't think it's
been quite as long for me but yeah mad
so I'm going back to London
so I can train this week if you haven't
seen some of the other vlogs and a live
stream or the video and I announced what
I was doing
basically on the weekend so in like less
than a week's time I'm going to be
cycling from London to Morocco over 19
days so I'm going to go back do some
training in London acclimatize to the
weather in Europe and yeah I guess catch
up with some friends and family and
stuff yeah I am sad to be leaving Cape
Town but I'll be back I'll be back soon
oh my gosh guys I almost got busted then
so I've got like way too much luggage
and I always try and black it
today they must have spotted I've got to
hand luggage as well as two checks and
bags and this bag is really over what he
like triple the loud weight anyway
they're asking to weigh in I like and I
like spoon the fragile camera equipment
because it's
and thankfully so away with them not
weighing it and they let me on have the
clothes cool okay guys we're a couple of
hours into the flight it does feel a bit
surreal that I'm finally leaving Cape
Town yeah it was a bit sudden you know I
didn't even get to say goodbye to a lot
of people with yeah kind of weird but I
do need to get back and do some new
things and I think the other thing kind
of being based up somewhere where I
wasn't kind of exploring like I normally
do you know having adventures in new
places at the time was a little bit more
difficult to I guess make daily content
and obviously I was spending a lot of my
time working on a documentary as well
and organizing things and I'm not gonna
commit to daily content moving forward
because I think it's a bit healthier not
vlogging every day
but I'd be running up my uploads and
trying to get back on track so even
though today hasn't been massively
eventful I still wanted to just get back
in the swing and vlogging everything and
just chat to you guys and
not weighing until I'm doing something
cool for the day but you know just
taking you guys around like I always
have and yeah hopefully they'll be now
that we're gonna be doing some new
things and training you're doing a cycle
ride and being in new places every day
it'll be a bit easier for me anyway yeah
thanks for being patient guys thanks for
continuing to watch my videos YouTube is
a difficult platform to you I guess stay
relevant Arnall or stay as to keep you
guys as interested in one doing my life
and you know but if you are and you're
still watching after all these years
thank you so much I appreciate it I
really do and if you aren't tuning in
every day or on getting notifications I
never normally do this guys but it does
feel like YouTube are kind of throttling
who sees the videos and they kind of
decide who sees them so do you
click notification bell and make sure
you're subscribed and yeah watch the
videos let me know in the comments what
you like dislike so I can try and create
my content to be more watchable I was
thinking maybe of reducing the vlog
length down the level there because they
often creep about 15 minutes and
sometimes people haven't got 15 minutes
to watch your videos so that's what I do
add maybe get the videos down to like
eight minutes or something and another
thing if you didn't have time to check
out a lot of the east safari live the
adventure trip vlogs raya has just made
an epic video of the entire trip all the
best shots really summarizes the video
well summarizes the trip well so you can
go and watch that now check it out yeah
like I said it's amazing and just put a
lot of hard work into it and I know you
guys love us so yeah awesome thanks
I catch you in London tomorrow peace out
enjoy life
Bolivia adventure
