good afternoon guys I'm back in LA
today's pretty exciting we've come to
what's in LA with BC and Sam yo BC
what's happening today bro what is this
we're in what in LA and there's a huge
celebration going on because there's a
community empowerment center and my
buddies Justin Mayo started it's called
red eye and the adidas just gave them
like a 25 thousand dollar basketball
court so they're throwing a party like
and giving these kids resources to be
able to play sports and whole
communities there's a kitchen where they
learn how to cook there's a music studio
where they learn how to make music and
it's really inspiring so we're answering
what they do yeah it's gonna check it
out
this is Sookie this Gelder in the camera
way go get into it young girl this is
Nico yeah
Nico you working everywhere whatever it
is about you love all right so tell us
what's going on what was this today
what's today about what today is the
inauguration of a brand new basketball
court what you see here is the Bureau
for 80 years playing basketball is the
legendary 44 courts rule not in town
damn so for the first time ever there's
a basketball court house what do you
think wow
this is car the whole thing
whoa
I'm excited I found a level copy station
yes this is inside the center there's
like a little games room in here
and it's so awesome over here guys the
cops are playing baseball with the kids
which i think is exactly what you need
you know one kids kind of growing up
with this division and hatred towards
the police or vice versa so I like it
uniting uniting everybody you see what's
going on you playing yeah we didn't
prepare to play
okay I'm up to now but I'll film I fell
okay and the ball goes in the reappoint
okay do you wanna pick your role is
please play you helps gonna get his
Center back up and running so it's
really operating on community power
involvement protection
20 dollar donations just from all over
really we say it takes a village really
how can people get involved if they're
watching from home is there like a
donation page or something they can use
mentor downward force landscape vote in
that rhetoric for /cam hope tomorrow
they can watch the Kardashian episode
where they're actually talking about but
this whole place being renovated and so
forth so that's a little creepy but
really it's just cool because we're all
just doing our little part so hit us up
whether it be Instagram or whatever and
I ain't Monday through Friday 3.5 mm
after-school tutoring and we actually
need tons of help because we have like
probably a little over 20 that try to
fill into a room our stem lab where we
just seen more tutors because lopsy is
kids they're way behind the average and
it's really hard when you get like two
people trying to tutor twenty kids
the average age out here is 21 the
largest age group is 10 or younger
so it's kids that are raising kids and
you have 2.9 percent making it yeah less
than 3% make in college and over 50
percent dropout
no cops say there's 7,000 gang members
and you mile radius of this Center cool
to see like something like this being
out to keep kids from heading into the
gangs and stuff you know like this is
giving them a hope like a new direction
like another another path again and it's
all like cool in it we saw them playing
baseball with the program here that
they're now use in New York and other
places I about community engagement with
officers and so forth
but those who that don't know before I
got into YouTube with stuff like this is
kind of the work I used to do but in
London so I used to do a lot of like
youth work community work with work with
charities work with at-risk young people
in kind of mad neighborhoods they're
getting into gangs and stuff so it's
been something I've been thinking a lot
about like something that I really feels
missing in my life like being able to
get involved and spend time in
communities like this because I just
feel like when you're in your own little
bubble in life whether it's like in a
community at the same kind of income
level or just just in terms of what you
do is for a living so a lot of my
friends are kind of social influences or
do social media so to be somewhere like
this and connecting with the community
it's so different from a different part
of town or whatever like I'm so down and
I feel like yeah this is something now I
I want to come and connect with and
learn from people and just I guess just
broaden my friendship group and realize
that you get a more
that's the word I guess you get a deeper
broader more rich experience out of life
when you have a very varied group of
friends so I feel like I want to be
making friends with people over them
over here learn their stories just learn
things really and contribute where I can
I don't want to come in as like a
frivolous white guy like trying to help
by this ways I can help cool but it's
more just connecting with the community
here rather than feeling I have
something that's internally to give but
where I can I'd love to
okay we're heading back to Venice that's
cool man
say thanks for inviting us
you just gave one experience of it and
you're like wow this is like
bringing the present moment yeah totally
okay we are back in Venice just come in
to Whole Foods get some dinner
now with some other guys as well
think I think I'm feeling like a little
vegan soup maybe some kombucha I'm gonna
get getting a brewery a sweet potato
well I'm gonna head to bed it's been an
incredible day I forgot to mention
earlier that Riya
didn't come back to LA with me she's
staying in Europe to spend some time
with the family with their grandparents
and sister in Portugal and then she's
coming back next week
but I just really wanted to come back
and spend time with the housemates and
start
yeah just building a life here and part
of that is I guess connecting in with
places like today where hopefully I'll
be going back to you know on a regular
occasion so it's kind of like rather
than the last six years of my life
nomadically kind of just going from
place to place and it's all quite
fleeting they're here finally I have a
chance to kind of build things including
relationships of people that are on in
the travel vlogging world so yeah it's
just I'm just really excited we got a
dinner party planned tomorrow night I'm
going to cook some food for everyone
things are slowly taking shape this is
far from the final form of what we want
this house to be but it's it's really
cool spending quality time with the
housemates like bc and sam and just i
feel like we're getting there it's it's
definitely getting there and you know
just excited to take you guys in this
journey even though it might not be
daily it might not be the same content
that you you got used to hopefully or
you're keen to continue joining in on
the fun and the life progress and just
everything i'm learning and people that
I'm hanging out with and I don't know
I'm excited anyway and yeah thanks for
being a part of all this and yeah I'll
catch you in the morning peace out enjoy
your life and live the adventure
