hi I'm Emily on exchange in Japan and
you're watching fun for Louis good
morning guys I'm back in Cape Town I've
just woken up I've come down to the iron
lays on my eyes and hopefully this
afternoon but the first one is if your
eyes will be a bit dry and Scratchy for
a few days I'm actually really excited
that today I feel a lot more ease after
watching the video and check to the
doctor a little bit in getting some
examinations and it's all going ahead
coming back this afternoon and this
should pretty much correct my vision
permanently which I'm so excited about
I've met out with the other guys we're
heading for some breakfast
poor hungry
coffee
the end edited some vlogs now heading to
get away laser stuff done and racial
with me that's gonna be right because
she's had it done where did you have
your thumb and it's good yeah yeah so
again twenty minutes and you can see
imagine what privilege and finishing of
sight let's just look at the trees now
so if anyone's squeamish you might want
to look away for the next little while
basically he's clamped at my eyelids
open with a metal clamp and now he's
pushed another device quite hard against
my eyeball now see this little metal
blade he's about to shave off my cornea
all right
I can't feel anything at this point but
that is my cornea he's just peeled back
the flap that's the front of my eyeball
so I can't see anything at this point
but they absolutely cannot move my eye
they go there later I'm moving over to
the other right this one was a little
more scary that I was flinching quite a
lot
he's already slaps back the cornea so if
you look carefully you can see the laser
melting away the surface of my eyeball
all right I'm out of ice everything's
really misty
it's like cloudy why is it weird
1,000 first art is fine second I this
kind of this kind of uncomfortable as
this is weird
I kind of excited that when I can
actually see it it's kind of really
flaring up now I'm gonna have to take it
easy about ready next like 24 hours next
three days really I need to keep it
chilled
Eenie
I've just looked up at a tree when I can
see all the detail and the leaves
oh it's ridiculous
I feel like I can see better than I can
see with my glasses off
Wow
I can see all the details in Table
Mountain basically ten my vision from
like 360 to like a 1080
I can see well time to explore right now
but all right let's take it easy I'm
gonna have some lunch some curry and
then I think I'm gonna sleep for a
couple of hours
apparently let's win the eyeballs here
all the best is when you're sleeping I'm
putting these eye patches on so I don't
scratch my eyes in my sleep actually
that's me
all right
let's get some sleep how are you crazy
baby oh I get you soon okay to decorate
ready - okay all right guys I'm gonna
sign out here with my eyes closed and
hopefully tomorrow I can see a bit
better without any pain alright peace
out enjoy your life and live the
adventure baby
