Christophe Michelle is canceled do we
even all collectively know who could buy
is who easy girl if you don't know at
this point
it ain't men no reason to care agreeing
to perform at the inauguration of the
Minute Maid president-elect Donald Trump
thanks for going all moral standing as a
black woman emeritus bringing benefit
and white supremacy into the White House
who readily identified women nominate
Jeff Sessions a man who himself had
worked to counter civil rights gains as
Attorney General appointed Dean Banyan
another one who has built an empire of
false news is blatantly anti-semitic and
racist accent senior advisor he has
paraded black celebrities who his power
or photo are nominated dr. ben Carson
because he's black and lived at one
point in time in the project and
Secretary of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development we don't even want
to talk about Betsy demos and the
Department of Education let us pray for
real for real for real let us pray and
call your senators don't know what about
use chop is gunning to dismantle health
care reverse women's rights and cause
pure chaos for nothing more than his
personal gain and your agreeing to
participate is a celebration of this
installation into the highest office of
power in our country you you thought
putting out a post-it note with light
blue italic font was going to sway some
people into believing you were blowing
anything more than hot smoke up a habit
Christmases just can't - I can't get
quietly we get it you got this today as
far as someone with a beautiful voice
your entire and ability to be genuine
kept you from really hitting that stride
in success yes I've interviewed her for
hair company and my distinct memory was
that this girl is not herself it's
putting on airs it's doing things to the
sake of being trendy without having any
sense of self whatever its leverage
hipsters is after she launched our
failed attempt at being a reality TV
domino star or something gross what if I
get it there are plenty of
these the same thing and collect coins
off of it social currency is a viable
thing in society and make a nice
Christmas boy here to take a page in the
book of Kris Jenner Andrew a lot of
messy negative travel for the attention
the clips and the coin it's just very
unfortunate that Christmas vehicle to
employ the general Kardashian strategies
via the celebration of a bigot while
just not easier in solemn silence I went
off I saw an Apollo insult
y'all do this every time we take issue
with someone please check my record it's
public and it's consistent and to
suggest that we should not have an
opinion because folks work for companies
that have executives with problematic
personal views absolutely not the same I
see we've entered into the age of false
equivalences Christa did not have to
take the gig and I nor you are obligated
to buy her albums or show tickets in
order to ensure she holds her morality
as a black woman this is not a job that
he's obliged to show up to in order to
continue her livelihood
Questlove offer to pay her to not
perform
besides that people do take moral stands
with their employers every day we're not
upset with the Obamas showing up to the
inauguration because that is their
actual job Chris that is performing as a
Liberty ball and Trust
she most definitely in select in the
chest and try to green can invoke the
name of the Lord all he wants to but
Christianity has often in this country
but a tool used to take both died file
while furthering imperialism and Trump
consistently uses others facade of good
intentions as a media ploy a diversion
in the news cycle from the Truman
administration while he defecates those
who have worked to better our committees
like Congressman John Lewis
he said Michelle Obama and though she's
an animal and cost at our community the
blacks the immediate take we are nothing
but pawns that you will gladly use the
protective Kingdom his entrance patience
and love have many different forms
I understand respect and my right to
demand it or upstate I understand
acceptance
understand accountability and would
actually force this change in the face
of autocracy it's nothing close to
accept it Chrisette cannot be avoid for
anyone which means voiceless and
canceled
