it is now November I guess nice I'm
jewel Z and I'm just getting home from
an election party it is 110 Central Time
I live in Texas a red state that went to
Donald Trump and I'm sure when I wake up
in the morning it will be announced that
Donald J Trump is President of the
United States of America and I'm numb I
can't believe that we're here knew that
America kind of like hated me right the
guy said this in several videos but they
they hate our being that hate our
blackness they hate our womanhood but I
didn't think that they hate with this
visceral this real I don't know how I'm
supposed to exist in this country grew
up in a pacifist religion my family is
Jehovah's Witnesses and the one thing
that's stuck with me was um you know
they don't believe in they don't believe
in a literal heaven or how they believe
in a resurrection and in the Old
Testament I believe it's like in Daniel
or something there's this statue that
represents the systems of the world and
the last system was of iron and clay
which doesn't stick together it's not
cohesive let me look this up cuz I'm
horrible at like quoting Bible scripture
and this says I think it's like so as
you saw the iron mixed with baked clay
so the people will be a mixture and will
not remain united any more than iron
mixed with clay and the time of those
kings the God of heaven will set upon a
kingdom that will never be destroyed no
nor will it be lifted to another people
it will crush all those kingdoms and
bring them to an end but it itself
endure forever
phileas was taught to us to speak to the
end of the world and the fact that there
would be a news of things what that
doesn't make me feel better
because what I remember is that this is
the same belief that my ancestors
carried over with them while they were
chained
boats during the transatlantic slave
trade before Christianity even became a
thing for them but if they just made it
through their freedom and joy will come
on the other end this is the same thing
my ancestors told themselves when they
were picking cotton and tobacco and
indigo and setting up the infrastructure
in the foundation of the United States
of America but if they just make it
through there will be something for
their children for their legacy this is
what my ancestors told themselves when
they were being a hose down during Jim
Crow and the fight for our civil rights
that if we just made it through God
would come through for us that there
would be a new Kingdom a new freedom
where man woman and child would be
treated equally with this dream that we
all have would become a reality when my
grandparents and parents and 80s thought
that building up a 401k and buying a
home and telling their children to go to
college and pull up their pants and wear
a belt and don't curse and don't say
nigger and speak English properly what
sell them they could be part of freedom
that America spoken so highly of but we
have to remember that the American
standard of freedom came through
manifest destiny where white men pushed
out all the people of color where they
pushed them all out of their way so that
they could be the ones to rule over this
country that's what American freedom is
built up in for some reason we were
allowed to think differently and I
haven't cried like this in public since
I was online in 2009 and I'm just throw
I'm just so thrown I can't stay in Texas
because the one thing I do know for sure
is that this is a guarantee for violence
it was a guarantee for violence even if
Hillary Clinton won but I thought that
the violence might not be so late but
now that Trump has won
there will be an arrangement that we
have not seen before in our lifetime I
can't live in a concealed to carry state
I can't live in a state where it's so
easy to buy an assault rifles I just I
can't stay here I can't stay in a state
that even under Obama would sue would
take a court a case up to the Supreme
Court to say that they don't have to
enact Obamacare I can't believe that
this man is president with a GOP
controlled Senate with over 50% of our
state controlled by the GOP the only
thing to look forward to is that there's
no way that Donald Trump will have a
two-term presidency it's almost
heartbreaking that Barack Obama is being
followed up by a man who publicly
endorsed racism xenophobia misogyny
populism that the KKK endures this is
this is what hurts so much that white
people were so scared that a black man
rose the power of presidents of this
country that a black woman a black woman
sat by his side that they turn out like
this
I don't I can't even begin to understand
this sort of hatred that that means that
I am this torn in this sad what does
that mean for Barack Obama what does
that mean for Hillary Clinton this is
obscene I fuck ibaka Trump like fuck the
Kirchner family everyone that had a role
in normalizing the bigotry that the
Trump campaign has speed
and normalizing the place that this sort
of degenerate pression has in our place
of politics is only going to get worse I
would love to leave this country now but
it's irresponsible for me to leave like
where would I go you know it's like
where would I go as a black woman in a
country that's dominated by black folks
is so like come on bruh like the Western
world has their hands deep in the
pockets of every black dominant country
and it's not like America is the only
one spiraling down is this alright ultra
conservative we have England with brexit
you know Lipan just graduated Trump for
winning in France so 2017 watch out
y'all I think I back to West Africa sure
I would entirely be flexing my American
privilege which only furthers
disenfranchises the native people of the
local people
right going back to West Africa where
there's like no middle class
you either wealthy or you're poor and I
would go back and because I'm American
gets to go back into this upper class
and just be shitting on the people of
the poor class because that's the way
capitalism works and capitalism is what
rules the world it just sucks the thing
that I'm fighting a good fight night for
myself before the legacy of my family
and that this is a continuation of what
generations of my family since we became
an African American since the beginning
of my ethnicity hath fought for and we
still have not achieved it I don't know
maybe I might opinion will change in the
week to kind of maybe something magical
what happened and Trump won't really be
our president I don't know my
inclination has a black woman is to
apologize but I feel like that's what
we've been doing for so long this
election comes down to the hands of
white men and white women I don't need
to explain this because it's not my
fault I just know that I'm gonna take
the brunt of the fallout that happens
from this
and it's such a shitty feeling I'm bone
wearing and I'm tired for every
generation of my existence that has
fought for us to be free and to lose
like this tonight deuces
