hey guys it's Julie and it's super
gloomy outside I was like looking
forward to shooting some video on this
new camera in the daylight and I think
you know Dallas is crying because last
night's episode the insecure everybody
was just like lost all sense of common
sense like everybody was just dumb it's
just so many things to say about episode
5 of insecure shady-ass but where do I
begin
okay let's just start with Lauren's
thorns honestly trying and in that
opening scene first of all it was funny
when he says Lucy rhymes with
we heard Issa when she said what she
needed from him and is trying to right a
wrong
Issa on the other hand is extremely
needy and selfish he's in real life as a
Capricorn
it's her character on the show a
Capricorn because this is Capricorn
behavior like girl she's just unwilling
to give this same level of emotional
support that she requires from Lawrence
and it's just my girl both keep saying
that Lisa is really good at sneaking
Drake lines into every episode I'm not
that big of a fan of Drake I'm you
trying in obvi actually don't know the
lyrics to a song can y'all help me out
please here I start digging into Molly
and Issa I do appreciate that they are
kind of showing at least with ESA's
character I got some other feelings
about Molly
but what ESA's character you know she is
allowed to be imperfect after watching
this episode I was really trying to
figure out do I know people in real life
like this what my judging and I feel in
some type way because I personally this
is not how I will maneuver wait maybe
this is speaking to another woman's
story I don't actually know anyone like
Molly because I would never be friends
with someone like Molly I have this rule
of thumb with my home girls where I
don't judge them or berate them for the
decisions
make with their body and when it comes
to dating I also don't entertain when my
homegirls constantly go back and make
the same mistake over and over again
like out I'll be the helpful ear I'll be
the listening ear I work through you
emotionally with it
the first time you go back and do the
exact same thing again you know I'm just
not gonna be that I'm not gonna be
sympathetic and so friendships with
people like that don't work I'm really
just kind of thrown at how pressed Molly
is like every scene with her at the law
firm
she hasn't two dead they're all the way
she is good at her job you know when she
told he said robbery last lawyer on the
floor laughter but like it was it was
straight it was serious and she's about
her business so for her to fall
completely apart would not announce a
common sense when it comes to dating
just does not correlate to me like I
don't I don't get how he could be that
smart in a new dad when he's all his
business playing Chris on this show hop
that if you wanted to get hop into
bed with a Negro first night cool but to
immediately wake up with him and be
talking about oh you can just leave an
outfit here do you want to come into an
engagement party like come meet my
friends like you just met do like 48
hours ago
what are you doing and he's so smoothly
dodged all our thirst bullets without
disrespecting her or running away but he
show back up at the engagement party
which was like okay this was like the
same thing that Atlanta they were
Juneteenth it's like so over-the-top and
obnoxious in playing on kind of the
initial riffs
a lot of the B characters or very
over-the-top in this show I guess for
humor and to kind of drive the point
home but when Chris showed up that was a
smooth move he came through and smoothly
read Molly for filth in the most Politis
way possible
totally girlish she is a thirst bucket
and needs to get
and he was actually considerate and
compassionate and telling her about
herself
there's only make no sense to me I could
rock we're not dealing with chariot
because you have every right to require
someone to be able to take care of you
in the same way that you take care of
yourself that includes financially Miley
not a gold-digger Marlene I went to law
school pass one of the hardest bars in
the state of California she's a lawyer
she deserves to date people that are in
her tax bracket
I get that cyst but then you get a guy
in your tax bracket you get a guy that's
consider enough to be upfront with you
and to show up for you and then you
won't run it back to the enterprise I
like you dumb she's just like I can't
only win like I was Jarrod I'm gonna
close the door I was like you can go pop
a squat in between them cars on the
sidewalk but Lulu friends owned a I'm
sure this level of intellect with Leto
to lack of common sense exists in this
world and I just don't want to anywhere
my bubbles so I'm just sitting like one
Lawrence and the bank teller Tasha no I
still think Tasha basically cuz she
showed up on that basic gas fashion over
Instagram best houses at Best Buy talk
about jalapeno poppers and margarita and
Lauren slam dunk that for as much as I
would be inclined to critique Tasha and
her behavior pink game when when
Lawrence says I have a girlfriend
what does Tasha do XCore herself out
when ISA says oh I have a boyfriend
what does Daniel do go for the drawers
you tell Daniel you had a boyfriend and
he turned into a total greatest nigger
ain't even say ISA out on a real date
they didn't even go for jalapeno poppers
and margaritas you've know her all these
years and the memories of going on a
date with you enter that jack-in-the-box
no women cheat right I get this I don't
necessarily get like how simple it was
we're head of him slide up in them
drawers I don't get how someone could
request so much of their
and then turn around but this small ass
mouth nigger get all of it like he does
his mouth Baba's shouting like I really
mmm I just wish there was more he did
more to actually build up to this
illusion that Issa has of him I'm just
never a person who's been that pressed
for today I just never have been and
then for her to like get up from me and
be like giddy about it until she saw the
soap pump in the bathroom stain that
nice ass though but other than I'm just
in here like girl I would never in my
life go to the studio and this is a
thing you understand like I worked in
the music industry the one thing I never
did especially when it came to male
artists was go to the studio with them
the studio is notoriously violent like
if you don't have nothing to add the
production of the music and that process
you're literally sitting there and a
roomful of men smoking and drinking
nothing good really ever comes from you
being a groupie in the studio I thought
some way these women at least had like a
modicum of common sense Daniel has been
nothing but a creep from beginning to
end and I just I'm just so lost at how
easy this whole thing was for him I only
hope that Issa doesn't immediately go
tell Lauren that she cheated not that
Florence deserves to be lied to
but I'm I need her to work out whatever
like emotional hang-up she has whatever
wall of Jericho she doesn't build up
that doesn't allow people in that
doesn't allow her to really express her
vulnerability it doesn't allow her to
understand what she actually wants in
life I think that artwork I need her and
Molly to somehow work then we need a
therapist to pop up how you make it this
far to be this dumb beep you for next
episode I'm really interested to see how
they handle the fluidity of a man's
sexual identity whatever Jeremiah did
I'm just so surprised that Jared so
willingly it's taken back someone who's
foolish and Jer hasn't even proven
himself to be worth like I don't for me
that's a
to allow you to continue to do your
function when we was younger right there
maybe some of y'all is growing up and
doing this but I remember when I was our
early 20s purposely dealing with men
whose humerus I could see from like a
mile away because it allowed me to go in
and one control the relationship allowed
me to not have to step up to the table
and be a better person and do better I
was entering into relationships with no
intention and I feel like ISA and Molly
are both too wrong to be moved nuvaring
from life like that like let me know in
the comments down below what you thought
about this episode do you think ISA
should tell Laurens right away
what is Molly's problem like can
somebody articulate that because maybe
I'm lost for words
in the comments down below and was there
a triclinic in this episode deuces
