hey guys it's Josie have you noticed
that I have been uploading more it's
like an unofficial vlog tober doing all
these reviews that you ladies have
requested and the gentleman I know I
have more men watching me now I've been
stopped like out and about on the street
by young black men and I'm always like
in getting up all these reviews have you
supported it by shopping smart brown
girl getting your fall gear or by
becoming a patreon trying to make things
for smart brown girl bigger and better
in 2017 and all your support is much
appreciated and I got some books through
that I sold you know many many folks
have been inquiring about Ava Duvernay s
13th and me doing review on it I don't
know if folks caught my reference to it
in my review for at Birth of a Nation
but yes I watched the documentary the
day it came out I was ready and here for
it you know I love me some factual
American history and I was totally
unprepared for how emotional the
documentary was going to make me I was
in the nails a lot bawling my eyes out
with that silent high it starts with the
wine and then one single teardrop cuz
you're trying to be a silent gangsta and
then it's just waterfalls all down your
face
Greta's how I talk about me in
Vietnamese I just love black women we
are so amazing and Ava Duvernay style is
just unmistakable
Thirteenth is beautifully depressing
historical look at the criminal nation
of black people in America a nation my
nation our nation that holds one-fourth
of the incarcerated population in the
world 13th is absolutely heavy almost a
reverse catharsis like part of me is
deeply relieved that a black woman came
through and David Tyree that she could
never do with the ahistorical poisonous
kool-aid that is hitting colors the
other part is deeply pain that even
though I knew this is the
the weight of it also sits like a
boulder in the pathway of my community's
ability to become truly free 13th looks
at an ambiguity in the 13th amendment
that has taken us out of the shackles of
slavery into the shackles of mass
incarceration 30 minutes in and the
amount of information that has been
thrown at you with wide panning
interviews of historians writers and
activists is overwhelming and they
completely skipped over how the
ascension of Andrew Johnson as a 17th
President of the United States laid the
foundation for the continuation of
atrocities against black bodies in the
land of the free and I really have had
this on my to-do list for forever in a
day to do a video specifically on Andrew
Johnson and the chrome ization of black
folk and the rise of the American police
system I still might but for now I could
just go tell you to watch 13 as they
cover how post the civil war we see laws
created to police the poor and really to
criminalize blacks but laws that exist
in many counties today
vagrancy that makes homelessness illegal
loitering restricting one's right to
literally just stand around or for
standing in one space you could be
breaking a law the after effects and
animation in the film really call East
the narrative of the documentary
especially when you see that animation
showing how black people migrated North
to escape the white terrorism they were
experiencing in the south which were
often told was a great migration for
economic reasons but we don't discuss
the domestic terrorism that was
happening against black people during
that time period 13th go step by step
through be a hundred fifty years of
history in two hours and hits just about
every No shallow sidebar I am in love
with the Gilani cops
voice the work of Bryan Stevenson is
something else in shoutout because he is
from Delaware you know the one few times
I was 302
prayers up to Brooklyn district attorney
Ken Thompson who was a beacon for the
black community
in 13s and lost his battle with cancer
maybe a couple days after xiii came out
Michelle Alexander is heavily featured
and she is the author of the new Jim
Crow a great read I recommend getting
the audible because it's a very long
read link down below and before watching
I assume that a lot of the documentaries
research would center around Alexander's
work with the new Jim Crow all of which
is very male centered I don't believe
I've ever heard Michelle Alexander and
the context of speaking about mass
incarceration reference women I figured
that by default there for 13th was going
to be a rather male centered documentary
I do believe that it is a fair critique
of 13th that they should have and could
have included more about black womens
and teens whose narratives are often
erased in the conversation around mass
incarceration
we are often deduced to the weeping
mothers and grandmothers and no
consideration is given to how the school
to Prison Pipeline impacts black girls
the last 30 minutes or so of 13th where
we wrapped up what is happening in
present day that very male centered
whereas there was a gender neutral tone
throughout the rest of the documentary
and I was delighted to see Angela Davis
interviewed and the value of her legacy
featured smart brown girls lay all day
the importance of Davis cannot be
understated they also talked about
Sharonda I'm not going to break down too
much of 13th because everything is so
thoroughly covered in the documentary
you just have to go watch it for
yourself but who is this new Newt
Gingrich do it what you'll be doing the
story of Fred Hampton will always piss
me off
kalief Browder story hits so close to
home the way NYC will lock up innocent
black men simply for not having an ID on
them thinking of how many times I had to
call central booking looking for my own
homeboys because they would get locked
up during the stop-and-frisk era
because the cops could seeing the
footage of him being beaten in Rikers
knowing how he committed suicide and
that his mother died last week
essentially from heartbreak it's too
real too easy to snuff somebody out
because why not the broader family does
not deserve any of the heartbreak that
has been levied on them and then there
was Alec bra I think anyone who has
watched our teeth walks away most mad
about Alec I was familiar with just
about every other piece of knowledge
dropped in 13th was it no new news for
me but I like and let's be clear here
Alec is a conservative organization that
works heavily with GOP Republican
politicians someone on facebook said
Alec wrote the crime bill and that is
incorrect let's not be quick to lead or
spread misinformation just because we
got some bit of enraging new information
Alec has actually had a hand in state
crime laws that bully the prison
industrial complex industry do you know
who your Senators and House
representatives are please care about
that and when their elections are held
cuz most of us living in the southern
United States with some of the most
right-leaning conservative state
governments are getting got by Alec and
dim-witted politicians in general such
as Ted Cruz and John Cornyn state
senators of Texas my biggest critique of
13th was the kid eagle of treatment they
gave to Congress Charles Rangel who has
represented various districts that
constitute Harlem in South Bronx since
1971 that is 45 years they got wrangled
to admit that he and other leaders in
the black community advocated and
supported the 1994 crime bill that
deficit in the black
community and led to a surge in mass
incarceration this is a slippery slope
that plays into the current climate of
squarely pointing the finger at Hillary
Clinton for support in the crime bill I
want to believe the documentary was
suggesting that we have to stay invested
in our political system like voting in
midterm and local elections because
politicians can't be trusted to care for
our needs but I'm sure many will take
this as ask the system and I'm
definitely not supporting Hillary xiii
does kind of hint at what the climate
was in 94 black community leaders were
calling for something to be done about
the high crime rate that absolutely was
precipitated by the systematic
disenfranchisement of black communities
through the lack of infrastructure
social services education jobs and
housing all the things fairly stripped
down in the Reagan era but there is no
mention that our current vice president
and Obama bro Joe Biden wrote the 94
crime bill and then Rangel says yeah we
supported it because we needed it
something done but it wasn't the best
idea and then we just kind of we just
move on and I don't know why they
followed up with the story of Willie
Horton who was in jail for murder when
furloughed a program that allowed
prisoners to like leave for the weekend
and he didn't return and wasn't caught
until he killed somebody else I wasn't
sure what they were attempting to do
with that story and the Dukas the
Dukakis bush election we cannot deny
that there was a violent crime problem
in the late 80s early 90s and addressing
that would have been better served by
this is discussing how the stripping of
Social Services a maneuver that started
under Nixon and then was heralded by
Ronald Reagan or the broken windows
policy that flourished in NYC under the
mayorship of Ed Koch all these people
were mentioned like they talked about it
without talking about it like Nixon and
I don't know how you pronounce it
correctly you know I mispronounce
everything COINTELPRO was a program with
the FBI and CIA they didn't name it
specifically
they did talk about how the FBI and CIA
infiltrated Lac civil rights movement
you can look up the story of Fred
Hampton you'll be mad other than that I
absolutely positively believe that 13th
does a beautiful job at laying out and
solidifying this narrative like when you
have a white Perfector like Kevin cannon
we are the products of the history our
ancestors chose if we are white if we
are black we are the products of a
history or ancestors did not choose and
13th starts off on that note with that
knock out and doesn't let you up off the
ropes for air the entire way through it
is absolutely an exhaustive look at how
much has gone into the psyche of
American society to criminalize black
people you really need some time to
watch it I would almost recommend for
some especially if this information is
new to you to watch it in segments
embrace and then go back every watch it
but I am so very appreciative of the
work of ava duvernay in hollywood there
will be a blog post up on my site with
links to many of the books published on
this subject from the various voices
featured in this film be sure to thumbs
up this video thanks for watching juicy
