hey guys it's Julian's another day of
Veda I would love to explain why I
didn't put up a video yesterday and now
this one is coming up so late it is
still Saturday however since this is
such a heavy topic and I potentially
have new people watching who are not
familiar with what I got going on here
I'm not gonna deflect too much by going
into that but I'll explain in another
video because I'll be seeing you
tomorrow and I hope to put two videos up
to make up for this lapse this time just
a quick reminder that I am still
attempting to raise five K to launch my
podcast and you can support by becoming
a smart Banco patron links down below
and in the I above and also shop smart
brown girl cut my apparel and help
support so many ways all details are
down below
is it possible to separate the art from
the artist have we not done it before
there are so many complexities that are
brought up in the Nate Parker rape case
that it's hard to pick one point to
start at it is unfortunate that the
story of nat turner is caught up in this
very dubious acts but this is a
necessary conversation so we're gonna
have it in 1999 Nate Parker and his
friend John Celestine were student
athletes at Penn State University they
were charged with the rape of another
student who will call Mercy Mart Marcy
had had previous consensual sex with
Parker this was 17 years ago Parker was
acquitted having all his charges dropped
celestine was found guilty initially of
sexual assault and not guilty of rape
however through the appeal process in
2005 celestine was able to get his case
dropped by arguing that his defense
attorney in the initial case that found
him guilty in 2001 was an ineffective
lawyer this was partially precipitated
by the fact that when celestine was able
to gain a retrial in 2004 the
prosecutors of the case decided that it
was not worth the hassle to track down
all the witnesses where at this point
were spread across the country to pursue
this case again even
the victim was actually willing to read
testify if you do nothing else read the
phone transcript of the recorded call
between Mercy Parker and at some point
Celestine gets on the call according to
the court documents and the recorded
phone call Celestine and Parker pursued
the young lady in harassed her and
attempt to convince her that the rape
did not happen it is a fact that this is
not a conspiracy 17 years later this
case is coming back up because Nate
Parker granted two interviews to two
major outlets I believe variety and
Dateline to discuss the particulars of
this rape case this case has received
some slight media attention before
though Parker himself has never
responded until this year yes this has
gained theme but it's not just because
Parker has reached mainstream Fame it's
also because he's producing a major
blockbuster film with the same friend
who was initially found guilty in this
case this has largely been overlooked in
the discussion about why this case is
now getting so much media attention
obviously when I was just Parker as the
actor and won in the media it was easy
to dismiss this case because he had been
acquitted but now that he has to both
defend himself in celestine who again
was initially found guilty people are
gonna dig deeper into the facts of this
case I do see people wagging their
fingers at this invisible audience of
r.kelly fans who are calling for the
boycott of Birth of a Nation honestly
though is art Kelly still selling out
doors is art Kelly still is famous as he
was in the 90s is he matching to the
level of his peers from that era missy
elliott mary j blige puffy I'm not
getting off track but I am questioning
those who use are Kelly to justify their
support of Parker because in the world I
live in people have stopped supporting
art Kelly due to his pedophilia quays
personally I haven't seen anyone call
for the explicit boycott of Birth of a
Nation
I have seen people work through and
explain why they are not supporting
Parker and let's say
and therefore they will not be
financially supporting or going to see
birth of a nation then acknowledge that
if you want to go see birth of a nation
but all means go
no one's actively trying to stop you it
is totally possible to separate the art
from the artists but you have to
actually separate them and that means
you can't justify seeing the film by
downplaying rape whether you see birth
of a nation or not at the very least the
actions of celestine according to the
facts of this case are pretty clearly
rape and while most of the focus has
been on Parker the bigger issue for me
is the lack of conversation around
lestine that he hasn't issued any sort
of apology his statement has just said
that he has moved on he was found
innocent which is not true and that he
has both a career and a family and he
would like to be left alone from this at
no point has Celestine's innocence
actually been proven both men admitted
to having sex with Mercy that night both
claimed it was consensual Celestine
admitted he did not wear a condom
even with Parker to have a case drop
does not mean you're explicitly innocent
it just means that according to the
prosecution they don't feel that there's
enough evidence for them to pursue a
case against you this takes you to
account both the financial cost of
pursuing a court case and the evidence
at hand Acker was able to argue that
because he had previously had consensual
sex that both him and Mercy acknowledged
there for the sex that night was
consensual I guess there is some
positivity and realizing that a large
swath of black Americans have never
dealt with the American Court or
judicial system but as someone who
recently went through a lawsuit I dually
understand that the American legal
system is a hundred percent set up to
protect those who have the most money to
spend
lawyers are generally expensive and it's
not just about finding a lawyer that you
can hire it's also about finding a
lawyer who finds your case to be
financially beneficial for them to
invest the time to pursue so in theory
it's much
easier for someone who is very likely
guilty and has a lot of money to spend
to get a lawyer than it is for someone
who is the victim and doesn't have the
capital to spend to procure a lawyer
because as a lawyer if I see the odds
stacked against you but I see a loophole
I can charge you a much larger retainer
up front because I know I'm gonna spend
a lot of time on this and if you have
that retainer to give to me it's twenty
thirty thousand dollars and you have
those funds to drop I'm a sign you want
celestine is set to benefit career-wise
and financially as a co-writer of Birth
of a Nation but at a failure of our
judicial system that he could not only
get off after being charged but that he
was charged with sexual assault but not
rape after admitting to having sex with
the young lady now this is a sign of
where we were at with our definitions of
rape and sexual assault in 1999 as of
today and most states and institutions
sexual assault is any sexual act that is
non penetration and non consent rape is
any form of penetration without consent
that means that even if you are having
sex the person consented to vaginal sex
but not anal sex and you proceed to
forcefully flip this person over and
penetrate them without their consent
rectally that's rape for celestine to be
found guilty of sexual assault and not
rape means that the court conceded that
mercy did not consent to some form of
sexual acts though there wasn't enough
information for them to find him guilty
of penetrating her without consent I
don't I don't understand how that works
I'm confounded that people can
understand that tamer rice was murdered
even though the two men who murdered him
after the district attorney reviewed
their case they decided to not charge
them with anything how we can understand
matter that the judicial system we have
set up as a failure but somehow it is
blindly believed that the judicial
system got it right with Parker and
Celestine we as black women are faced
with the many complexities of the
intersectionality of being black and
woman and for myself and others layered
on by being victims of rape I can
support my people in my community and
still understand that there are monsters
among us I'm not falling into the same
blind trap that OJ Simpson used to get
black women to support him there are
plenty of parallels between Parker and
OJ and please if you have not go watch
Oh J star you for 30
it is very enlightening as much as folks
are quick to blame black women for like
everything we are the ones that uphold
and support our community the most that
I find myself debating other black women
on this and then turn around to black
men who drank the poisonous kool-aid
that is hittin colors telling me that
this whole situation is black woman's
fault I enlarged on my facebook timeline
I have gloriously seen quite a few black
men who Pony Utley understand what rape
and consent actually is who are breaking
down the matters of this case and even
with those who are kind of walking the
line on being able to call Parker a
rapist
there's still not that far out that it's
past having a conversation
I do see some positive evolution and how
we understand how pervasive rape culture
is in our society though we still have a
very long way to go
namely in that many ways we do not
understand how familiar rape can be it's
not always harsh and aggressive in a
back alley to be explicit we don't
understand that a woman's body can react
in a certain way and it still be rape
that she can get wet moaner and it still
be rape we do understand that men can be
raped and not just anally they can be
raped by a woman forcing them to get
hard and penetrating her that same
science that causes a penis to get hard
against somebody's will it's the same
science that causes sexual bodily
functions
a woman when our person is blacked out
while they're drunk our jobs it is not
that they are asleep and limp it is that
they are incoherent and have no
understanding of their surroundings
this is part of what makes it so hard to
successfully press charges in date rape
but the videos floating around if people
coming out of anesthesia they can talk
but they are lucid they respond
positively to familiar faces but have no
clue where they're at so if you or I are
half conscious and we're being raped by
someone we're familiar with someone we
have had consensual sex with previously
your brains first reaction is not to say
that this is bad there aren't magical
dagger in the vagina to get a man out of
you when you're out of it you're trying
to process where you're at how you got
there
why you're there what you did to get
yourself there and everything is delayed
essentially Nate Parker's charges were
dropped because he argued that he had
consensual sex with Mercy before and
therefore that night he and Celestine
had sex with her it was consensual this
is not outlandish to understand when
someone does not have their faculties
you should not have sex with them
because they can't in good faith and in
good mind can say only did Parker have
sex with Marcy per his own friends
testimony who was there that night he
ushered in this guy and Celeste seemed
to come into the room while he was
having sex with her
where is the right in this girl
especially ice Nate can you tell me who
else was in the room that night when I
woke up the next morning groggy and on
my stomach you were having sex with me
that's not consent
that's waking up and being unaware of
your surroundings and being like oh shit
like what's happening he does not have
to kick scream or yell to make it rape
in my own situation I drank a half cup
of like strawberry daiquiri that I had
made and realized I was about to be
blackout drunk like I threw up and it
was just like what now I believe I was
drunk but I never pressed charges my
first reaction was to think of what I
did to get myself but I drank too much I
lived in Brooklyn and no one wants to
waste their time at one whole Hospital I
don't want to spend my Saturday at the
police station in bed-stuy it's hit
words against mine and no one sees rape
coming and remembers it taking all the
accounts of that night I don't even
remember what happened
neither how we got there I can't afford
a lawyer I have to take off work I can't
afford that the introspection to my life
isn't worth the hassle and it took me
days to understand that I was raped and
I did nothing to abide it I was raped by
someone I knew who I invited into my
home rate while my friends were in the
house I did not scream yell or kick I
remember realizing I was drunk and going
to throw up I passed out in my room I
woke up no clue how long I haven't
passed out with this guy teddy standing
in my bedroom I remember walking him
back downstairs high fast pushing him
out the door going back upstairs and
passing out again then get up I threw up
again I said f it I'm not gonna brush my
teeth again this time because whatever's
going on with me is really bad and then
I proceeded to pass out again the next
time I woke up Teddy was on top and
inside of me everything was in slow
motion
am i thinking why am I having sex with
half of my clothes I hate being clothed
during sex
my first thought wasn't that it was rape
I didn't remember what day or time it
was I thought it was a dream I remember
thinking like why is your mind so dirty
like yo I changed this thought came back
to I'm like who is this how is this oh
shit it's Teddy wait he has a girlfriend
while I was sleeping together she lives
with him why am I having sex with him
what did I do to get myself here
literally my first pots were to try and
process with half my mind how I got
myself in this position of having sex
with this man I had no desire to have
sex with now think about do you
understand the mindfuck of waking up in
a daze in this same situation with
someone you are sexually attracted to
maybe mercy did want to have sex with
Nate but would she have consented under
those circumstances for me I have no
idea of how much time passed before I
came to enough that I could get Teddy
off of me and yes name is literally
teddy it's not an made-up name I was
laying there trying to connect my brain
to my mouth to say something and I
couldn't move and then he went to put
his mouth to mine and all I remember is
that the last cognizant thought I could
remember was that I had thrown up and I
had not brushed my teeth and that is
disgusting because I could still taste
the throw-up on my mouth and that jolted
me enough to say something to finally be
to say loudly this is disgusting and I
can't tell you how I got him to stop
like I remember trying to get pushed my
leg up and being like my leg just felt
really heavy I didn't even get him
walking all the way down say this
remember him getting out of the door and
me locking the door and then passing
back I didn't wake up the next morning
and tell my homeboys I was raped I woke
up the next morning took a shower walked
downstairs and told them that I have
spectating like that's totally what I
said and they were like wait how and I'm
like I don't know it was mad drunk and I
woke up and we were having sex and my
whole way to say J that's not sex that's
rape I had to have someone else tell me
that I was raped and it still didn't
connect much like it didn't connect with
Mercia she questions Parker and then
Celestine on that recorded phone call
and Celestine tells her that she has
imaginary friends is making things that
I'm rehashing my own story because I
want people to understand how simple and
easy it is for rape to happen how easy
it is for the good guy to be the rapist
and how the pervasiveness of rape
culture makes it hard for the victim to
even understand what rape is if after
all of this the importance of seeing NAT
Turner's story told on the big screen is
more important than the egregious
actions taken on by Celestine and Parker
who co-wrote the movie I have no
interest in arguing you down off that
because I do think it's possible to
separate the art from the artist even if
for me the details of this case disgusts
me so much but I do want you to walk
away understanding the gravity of rape
how simple the definition is for both
rape and consenting and to continue to
counsel communities to push back against
the rape culture that is so ingrained in
our society we still have a lot of work
to do for 2 to 5 dollars or more you can
support smart brown girl and help to
launch the smart brown girl podcasts
tour scholarship fund and flourishing
community of Awesome smart brown girls
visit patreon.com slash guilty and
become a smart brown girl patron today
