hey guys it's jewel Z back with another
insecure review so this episode was
released early because they were trying
to get ahead to the holiday weekend
because it is Labor Day weekend and I
guess I don't know what y'all doing so
just get into it
so episode 4 I feel like we're finally
getting into some transition like
something finally happening because it's
been going slow and girl we finally
getting some bang bang Wow hey yes hmm
Ethan this mirror confidence I guess the
mirror really was a thing for her like
it really was like the fact that Daniel
had taken the mirror down off of his
bathroom really would like a harbouring
thing and now it seems like she's coming
into her own I think this is a good
transition to be getting into apartments
having to go through the old things and
relinquishing all things moving into new
things and you know she got a little boo
now we got her a part time baby we'll
see where I go he got a nice voice but
you know I need a little more melanin in
my life but you know whatever floats are
about hey she is enough for both of them
that's working I guess you know I was
ready to ask like why is Dan why is
Daniel I was getting ready to ask why is
Molly so indifferent to Daniel but I
guess as a friend I would be indifferent
to a man who verbally chopped sweet of
my friend and in front of the bus as
well but I felt like maybe like maybe we
can think be a little bit nicer today yo
Molly just a little bit because ISA
definitely probably chopped sweet him
maybe not as harshly maybe not as rudely
I mean though it wasn't as a route but I
don't know the kid it's just he's wack I
get it he's wack it's unfortunate we
want him to be more we were excited
about him last season and this season
it's like wow Molly being gifted ISA
$150 bottle Hennessy EXO is definitely
like 150 am I not mistaken I've never
actually bought it it tastes delicious
I think Hennessy is nasty but Hennessy
EXO is the thing that heaven is made of
it is beautiful is smooth it is it's
good II want Somali because I'm happy to
see her back I think of the storylines
happening this season
Molly's kind of carrying it for me she's
the one I'm most interested in maybe
Nathan will be the pep in it's a step
that we need I don't know
so why was the droving
I'm happy to see he has not returned I'm
happy to see that she is making it
through she's a little bit lonely she's
a little bit sad is it really just a
black people thing that we have
weird-ass rules for our pets like our
house pet it's like we have them but
they like they can't be in our bed I
mean I love a black person that has a
pet and does not let them you grow
inside the house that's my personal
maybe because I'm very allergic to
animals that was really cute seen and I
don't even like dogs I was a really jus
dog black folks really do be having
random rules for the house pets as far
as like letting them in the bed or
letting them in certain spaces in the
house they can't go in certain rooms we
don't kiss them in the mouth ICU okay
these stereotypes it's a positive one
Molly in the office all right first I'm
kind of gonna I'm gonna back cut a
little bit here because I'm happy to see
here back at the therapist even though
we got all of one line from the
therapist we are grateful thank you sis
the therapist definitely recommended
that Molly's shift your perspective so
rather than always complaining because
you're here you want to make it work you
don't want to like just leave right away
you need to see maybe how you can be of
aid rather than be the one that's always
pointing things out as a negative
Molly kind of compares her career life
to her dating life in like the situation
with dropo and it turns out all this
time she ain't never mentioned ro to the
therapist so sis is just grow are you
growing are you emotionally maturing
because you're not confronting it you're
not interrogating it you're not really
dealing with it you have just pushed it
to the backburner and hoping that it's
gonna go away
does that mean that drogas hasn't popped
up on his own like what's happening here
like wait girl says the office meeting I
guess Malcolm finally showed up you
don't show up late whatever it is kind
of weird to see her have like why not be
able to like insert herself into the
meeting but I guess it's a new dynamic
you're still trying to figure out how
the flow of things go isn't it pregnant
pause or is it a period like you don't
want to be too - eating your co-workers
during these legal meetings now but
Torian with the and the set up for the
more house slander that was a giggle
giggle for Molly to take her therapist
recommendation still go overboard I
think she's just very competitive when
it comes to work but like the fact that
she would take her therapists
recommendation and her resolve to that
is to kind of overcompensate by both
reaching out to the women and to Torian
because
she wants to be all things to everybody
I guess I'm like why don't you take your
time and build your relationship cuz it
is interesting like if you were in a
meeting with someone who over talked and
I guess it's like it's a boys club
you're just trying to figure it out you
try to navigate it you're gonna make it
some missteps oh I'm not mad she did it
because I'm interested in seeing it's a
storyline explored and I think it'll be
really good for all of us but I am kind
of curious the idea that she sat in a
meeting she saw how Torian over talked
her he had no regard for anybody else at
the table and and there was the women in
the office who she went to first and who
kind of were like you know it was like a
homegirl connection like they looked out
they were there she offers her services
to them but then over extends herself
with Torian and did she not pick up in
the meeting that there was some sort of
I would say Allegiance but they're you
know there's a natural like I'm
wondering what the motivation is behind
that and then you know as much as it's
like okay we want to be critical of that
moment I also think it's like you know
what if this is what we need to like I
swear story lighting to have this moment
so we can have this discussion later on
in the season and I'm hoping we get to
that point I'm here for it like let's go
let's do this
that blue outfit was a little I mean
she's a good lead but I'm like girl
you're giving all the curves all the
looks in this office okay with we see
you I just like to just insert that if
we're gonna get more therapists scenes
her therapist needs to have at least
three lines minimum you know this is
therapy for all of us all of the insured
ones they can't get there yet sis it's a
privilege to have therapy share the
privilege with your audience
stop cutting your therapists off we need
more words from therapists
thank you stay blessed hey thing with
the blonde hair and the deep voice of
Houston the a32 okay I thought for some
reason I thought I thought 8 3 2 is a
new area code where you stand but what
do I know I never had a Houston phone
number where I just live there in the
boonies for a very brief period of time
Nathan run in terror at the taco spot
you know I really enjoyed their
interaction because we get some
punchlines and we get some humor we get
some Issa being awkward which i think is
when Issa is at her best best seats
always her and was
very chill but cute awkward missus
exhibits when she's attracted to a man
lol at Lisa giving him a tour through
the hood though Mike a tourists like
okay but I guess you know now they can
probably Stu insecure tours for all of
us visiting the LA area we want to go to
the black neighborhood do it insecure
tour on a red hop-on hop-off bus I see
it the branding I see it happening it
was a great setup
but he says shot her home is that like
two point five million today in today's
market like says but I'm going skinny
different in that pool like says did you
did you not think that that was owned by
white people or that you fit a trespass
and skinny dip when black folks is out
here getting shot by the profile that
was real brave of them that whole setup
is real cute I mean I enjoyed the energy
and their interaction I don't really
have a whole lack to say if Nathan is
gonna be the catalyst to put to light a
fire under Easter's behind to put a
battery in her back and really you know
her make a move in her life in a
positive direction and stick to it and
you know be more secure in the choices
that she makes them by all means I am
here to explore it because we need it if
all you're ever gonna see if chat again
is on that Daniel or billboard on a park
bench sis I need the humor I need the
inflection I need the movement of the
storyline to happen and I'm here for it
I'm enjoying this okay let me know how
many y'all think nathan is attractive I
don't think he just not my day I think
he's actually good-looking he's got
lucky I like his voice the most of all
his features that velvety voice is just
mm-hmm yeah
turn the lights that's why guys look at
us when hear your voice I like that each
of these put some damn curtains on her
window she the property manager everyone
can't be seen into her apartment when
she doing where she going with clearly
her tenants are crazy lately she wanted
to step up set some boundaries set some
rules and handle her job because this is
part time
don't let them hos ruin your life now I
guess she's in a good position to
finally actually quit her job and the
bottom not fall out from beneath her and
I'm just hoping that we could see some
progress though again I still don't
really have a whole lot to say I know I
didn't talk about the scene of ISA not
choosing not to sleep with Danielle last
episode because for me like the
this is just dragging a little bit that
like things finally kind of happen and
I'm just like a girl
finally thank you I could be more
exuberant about her quitting her job but
I'm just I'm happy it's here because
we've all been saying for the past three
seasons like bitch coach our job just
create quit it quit it quit it and the
way they kind of did it didn't like need
to have like this big blowup it wasn't
like this big catastrophe of a moment
that I kind of guess maybe I was
expecting more of maybe in previous
seasons because he's just so
accident-prone the fact that it was just
I kind of like this you know I'm good
I'm out I'm moving on I feel good about
this and it's just happening in like a
natural progression for her okay let's
pick it up now since we got 30 minutes
30 minutes make it boom boom back and I
think with season with episode for
season four we'll see you next year
but we're at the so far we are finally
on the right track for that boom boom
back bet butter that black a sex scene
with Nathan will probably be fascinating
Wow we know what's coming because what
does HBO love about shot they sure do
Ethan must have a clause in her contract
where she's like I ain't gain a key
because all her sex scenes
we ain't you know everybody else get
exposed but I see you keep that brain
game strong we see you we hear for it I
let me know in the comments down below
what your thoughts on this episode were
do you find Nathan to be attractive what
are you most looking forward to like
what storyline are you most looking
forward to them exploring let me know in
the comments down below and of course
we'll see you next week for episode 5 we
in with this this week a little raw we
on a roll
