hey guys it's Josie and it's another day
of Veda so let's roll with it as you can
see I had my smart brown girl March 1
have you cops you're gonna swag out
first day of school with just my brown
girl and also in case anyone is unaware
I am going to Thailand in November with
one love travel dot Club MIA along with
Evelyn from the Internet's or hosting a
trip to northern Thailand and there are
only five girl one two three four five
spots left I can't wait to eat me some
good patty man going on like a river
cruise I believe this like ziplining and
a bunch of activities plan and I'm super
excited
so one love truck with that club but
girl to get come along it's gonna be so
late the Olympics is on and poppin did
all the exciting stuff like wrap up what
are we waiting for to see how many
points men's basketball wins by even
though black women are killing the game
at this year's Olympics from all over
the world black girl magic is just
exuded out of Rio we still have some
slander and respectability politics for
trying to box in black women typically
around
Gabby Douglas who's part of the women's
US gymnastics team on the more shallow
level we have comments made about her
edges which if you have a certain
texture of hair no matter how much you
brush it slick II damn do whatever that
jar of magical product claims it can do
if you are exerting yourself and heavily
working out your hair is going to bead
up did you hear me
that no matter how much natural hair
companies push this idea that natural
hair should be silky and slick them sewn
inside with the baby hairs laid and no
matter how much you fought over the baby
hair brigade they can hit that
toothbrush on the edges there is still a
large segment of black women whose
natural hair reacts just as Gabby's does
and they are shamed into either relaxing
it or hiding it clearly not much has
changed inside blasting on with that
natural hair discrimination conversation
back in 2013 just is still alive and
Papa says no I'm not gonna the video
back up but on a deeper level that have
been common
made about Gaby's disposition demeanor
and attitude as they starkly contrast to
the very cute and bubbly Simone biles
you know I understand Gabby's demeanor
from a very deep place there is this
presumption that the only acceptable
type of black woman is one who is overly
positive and benevolent that she has to
be feminine with every sort of
vulnerability and we essentially have
stripped Gabby of the right to a Moute
message that's where I'm privileged and
as with everything that is white and
girly the faux giddiness is so over I
know firsthand how annoying it is that
people will overlook or not take into
account everything that you do when the
cameras aren't flashing how supportive
you are how you are always the one that
comes through and the biggest time of
need how loyal you are how you do good
things without the need of everybody
recognizing it and how you might be the
one that always comes through in the
clutch when the cameras aren't flashing
because that's what you do and you're
just not a very reactionary person
especially as you work through a
multitude of very intense emotions this
is not a little league softball game
it's the Olympics and it's intensely
emotionally stressful mob rule of thumb
is I don't put a whole lot of faith in
the always peppy giddy people at least
that are outwardly so because typically
they're hiding something and when it
comes down to it they tend to be the
most non compromising people behind the
scenes like they have no problem telling
you no no not gonna do it huh it's not
to say that Gabby or any of us can't
work on exuding more positivity but it
is to say that calling her crabby Gabby
or loving negative assumptions on her is
unfair and a microaggression that black
women face on a daily basis we are
shamed into being fearful of this angry
black woman stereotype as of anything
less than a bubbly smile is
automatically us being bitter or
unappreciative
gorgeous mean-spirited somehow we are
constantly pushed into this box of being
the Christian black woman who's always
praised God
oh my gosh and I love everything and
it's beautiful and it's great and if you
are that person that is awesome
continue to be you in the same breath it
strips other black women of the nuances
of human emotion and identity so think
about it before you go criticizing black
women think about it before you go
reading too much into somebody's
demeanor in actions I know firsthand
I'll be like how are you projecting all
that I am is say none of what you know
girl but just be more mindful of it and
thanks for watching see you tomorrow
this is for two to five dollars or more
you can support smart brown girl and
help to launch the smart brown girl
podcasts tour scholarship fund and
flourishing community of awesome smart
brown girls visit patreon.com slash dual
team and become a smart brown girl
patron today
