hey guys it's Julianna's Veda number 11
I've ran out of fingers
because that's more than ten oh hey guys
we might be a little bit behind but we
are keeping up with it we're gonna have
31 vlogs this month uh oh yes so we are
here with a little bit of a heavier
topic because this week I've been
talking about relationships and really
having a key key with the girls we did a
story time we've given some tips some
advice giving you public service
announcements but oftentimes with
relationship advice at women it's almost
like we put all the importance on sexual
and dating relationships and often we
don't really talk about how important
are impactful the other relationships in
our life are whether they're friends and
I've covered several topics on
friendships from my smart brown girls
career and then something I haven't
talked a whole lot about which is family
and here we have a vlog with the
headline heat my family is not black
excellent
this is gonna be a little bit trickier
to talk about but bear with me I promise
this will be a good one as you can see I
have my red and white smart brown girl
cap I who comes in several different
colors a whuppin for those who just like
red and white it's here for you and head
over to shop smart brown girl calm to
get your smart brown gear gear on and of
course I am still attempting to raise
$5,000 to help cover the legal costs so
I can launch my own smart brown girl
podcast I promised it'd be so late so
for this month of August I am asking you
to give whatever you can as a one-time
donation either via my patreon or to the
smart brown girl PayPal account details
on everything or right here and in the
description box down below I resent that
my family is not black excellence this
is not just about wealthy or success or
careers or establishment it's much more
nuanced than that so I need to give some
background I grew up in a pacifist
religion of Jehovah's Witnesses I've
done a video on that experience already
and during my childhood at
time and I do believe that they have
since changed their stance on this
Jehovah's Witnesses poignant Lee did not
encourage their members to pursue
secular education past high school most
of my peers from the kingdom hall went
into trade schools for high school so
that they could be employed right after
and then have time to focus on building
their spirituality and as you know that
witnesses do go out and fill servants in
a couple's doors and so that was a big
part of being a witness and having time
to do that instead of pursuing a college
education on top of that I did grow up
in Delaware where the major industries
are pretty much banking education and
pharmaceutical all which requires some
sort of advanced degrees so in turn my
students and I grew up around a lot of
lower middle labor workers that's what
my mom before addressing this topic and
she was okay with it but I did ask her
you know think about it think about it
growing up what models of leadership did
we have did we see any women of color
people of color who were in leadership
positions where we expose to any
witnesses who were in leadership roles I
know of one woman growing up in our
kingdom Hall who was a principal and she
did have her master's degree and
actually ended up going and interning
for her I also distinctly remember
hearing the kind of it wasn't like overt
but the kind of mm-hmm-hmm judgment of
people feeling like she didn't have
enough humility in her faith because she
had pursued advanced degrees also
because of their religion and because
both sides of my family are practicing
Witnesses getting together as a family
on holidays just didn't happen why
because we don't celebrate the holidays
so there wasn't an importance around
them spending the extra cost to travel
to each other around the holiday period
but that was such a lost opportunity
because it's like what other time of
year does everyone have all for extended
days and we just never and it's that
familial wealth is not just about
finances its resources its access it's a
foundation both physical and emotional
to my parent's credit the emotional
foundation they have given me
something that I will forever be
grateful for not that I needed my family
to all be super accomplished bougie
black folk who are wealthy but it is
that on several different level levels
my family isn't particularly tight-knit
with the extended families nobody really
gets together then I don't have any
anybody in my family that works in any
sort of leadership role in any sort of
industry and then with the recession
happening in 2008 that definitely
negatively impacted my family
essentially me nor any of my siblings
have a place to turn to if we don't have
a home and I think this is an identity
that a lot of first-generation college
students can relate to well a group of
your friends who have achieved some sort
of accessing their career path and ask
them about the points in their career
that helped them to further to the next
step and oftentimes you will find some
sort of familial connection that helped
them get there
so that my dad gave me a small loan of a
hundred thousand or a million dollars it
is that I had an aunt that I could stay
with while I interned in this city it is
that I have an uncle who had a friend
who's in this organization that's for
black dentists and I was able to go talk
to him and find out about dental schools
you just don't understand how much those
family connections can provide just a
foot up until you realize you don't have
any of those connections to provide that
foot up with me growing up in a pacifist
religion that did not encourage secular
education I do feel like on some levels
is damning towards me and all my
siblings pursuing successful careers
especially as me and my brother both go
into being entrepreneurs and literally
there's just nothing we can turn to our
families for like I can't talk to either
of my parents about being any sort of
entrepreneur and asking they think they
don't know and it it was rough this year
especially going through this lawsuit
with my former manager talking to my mom
about the situation you know I did tell
her about it because me and my mom
talked like every day several times a
day I did get a little frustrated when
she was constantly asking for updates
because it was it was just hard to have
this conversation with her rehash about
how crazy and ridiculous and yes I did
that and yes I tried this and in the end
statement so I was like dag I don't even
have no
I can head up for you to ask them about
this I mean I know Mom I don't I don't
want to be reminded of that but that's
something that I want to be cognizant of
and I want to you know remind my smart
brown girls and anybody watching this as
you start your own families to think
about the people that you are
surrounding your family with when I look
back at coming-of-age
I made a lot of decisions based on
having to do everything on my own and
that's the place blame on anyone else
because I can take ownership with my
actions and I honestly live with no
regrets but I do think I would have had
a better foundation or even my Sunday's
would have had a better foundation if we
had had some sort of resources that we
could pull from out of our family and
then going forward it's both when I have
my own family I'm concerned about
because I have a sibling who was
choosing to kind of take on the more
dogmatic faith system with religion and
I'm wondering if when we all have our
own children will we be able to be close
and the way that I kind of see it I know
it's selfish but I do wish that it would
be nice that my children grow up with
cousins and with extended family
understand how valuable that is because
that's not something that I had growing
on I'm trying to get over this this
feeling of being tired that at every
turn there's always some new unknown and
how do you navigate the unknown it's by
turning to people that came before you
and defining those outlets and so I'm
always kind of reaching out to the
different people it is kind of a sucky
feeling to know that you have family but
know that you can't ever really turn to
your family now when I look at my other
peers who have reach success I really
admire my peers who have cousins and
siblings and family friends who they can
you know pursue the world of being an
entrepreneur with period in time were a
lot of people in my age group were
becoming entrepreneurs and a lot of them
are utilizing the resources of their
family different organizations that I
just I don't really have that resource
it's not like a woe is me thing but it
is sort of I'm working through those
emotions I do think it's very important
we have these complex feelings to be
able to talk through them and identify
them so we can move on from them and not
allow them to blossom into a much more
negative sort of resent
nip it in the bud early and then think
about how we are interacting on our own
how we both interact on a social level
and what we need to be more mindful of
and what kind of foundation we want to
set for our own familiar wealth because
we always have the opportunity to
correct whatever air as we think our
parents made what this is a bit rough
because it's just trying to get my
siblings to come to come around but
maybe you know when I do decide to
procreate I poke create with a Negro who
has that family connection that I'm
looking for or maybe my my own family
will come around by that so I hope this
wasn't too long-winded I hope I made
sense sometimes it's a little bit
rougher for me to talk about things that
are a bit more emotional to me but in
the comments down below do you
understand what I'm coming from I would
love to hear some positive stories about
how your family has supported you and
what is a resource I have you have been
able to draw from your family outside of
money I'm not just about the money stuff
let's talk about it says let's be the
support that we need from each other all
right all right don't forget to shop
smart brown girls support become a
patron and I will see you tomorrow do
this
