hey guys it's jewel Z and today is Veda
number 10 first we have to get into
these friendly reminders that help me
help you help me help you I know people
get annoyed cuz I'm always like thumbs
up this video it helps comments down
below because I love hearing from you
shop a smart brown girl calm because it
helps me and allow to keep doing these
things and then provide you with the
other things that you want so yes me
reminding you is necessary thank you for
sticking with me and Cosley supporting
but do you like it it's Pink's i don't
know if you can really see it's kind of
overblown but this is the baby pink I
think this is really cute for the young
girls I had to strap in it actually it's
pretty wide I would take it off of my
wig isn't properly on well but this
strap here on the back I'm gonna pop it
out real quick comes out pretty far and
that's how far apart you can feeling see
my other I do have a big head I promise
you and my braids aren't really that
small underneath hair if you have a mini
smart brown girl her favorite color is
pink this will fit perfectly for her if
you're a grown smart brown girl and you
like the color pink if you're one of the
young women who thinks that ethel is
better than osceola she's not but i
thought of you so that's all fighting
games I love all y'all fired by a recent
conversation I had with one of my close
friends who we were talking about dating
but it inspired me to come here in mind
all of you both mature and young smart
brown girls that men are not dumb
they're just lazy might be boring there
might be aloof they might be lazy but
for the most part the men that we are
attracting the men that we are deciding
to give our times to I promise to you
they a dumb not that dumb men don't
exist because like what does Chris Brown
or Bow Wow
we see them it is to say that my smart
brown girls as women who are striving to
do better who have a higher level of
self-awareness who I woke who are
working each day to be the best person
that they can what's the most part not
that we don't have any flaws ain't
nobody portrayed as that smart brown
girl you are
likely to be attracted to men who
ignites you on an intellectual level who
can keep up in conversation with you
long enough that spending 15 minutes
with them doesn't seem like slow
torturous death Stan if you're anything
like me finding men that you actually
like and want to spend time with is a
rare occasion it doesn't happen too
often I'm not just talking about every
other dude who might ask you for your
number I'm talking about the ones who
you'll have a little bit of conversation
ask if you know whom are so de Meyer not
she it is he passes the woke not a
misogynist
test y'all go out for dinner or a drink
so you Kiki and y'all are having those
deep intellectual hour-long conversation
you know he's stimulating your minds and
then he goes and does something that you
think is easy to fix like for me to
believe it's around communication and I
joke about this a lot right like guys
who don't text me back in a timely
fashion or they hit me back hours later
they fall off during peak hours they lag
about hitting you up or or they are
constantly engaged in communication and
they just don't hit you up to actually
hang out in person or maybe you're
talking to a guy who you do see in
person because of work or organizations
or Church and when you see him it's all
good it's lovely you could tell you feel
like it but it just doesn't ever go past
that some of us actually do confront
them and when you do confront them they
act dumb like oh my gosh I didn't know
this for my homegirl who is very
educated she is a scientist she met a
guy who she works with he's just as well
educated as she is he had been quoting
her but he was doing just enough to keep
her interest but not enough to keep her
interest if you know what I mean
set my homegirls I believe that men are
dumb like they just don't be knowing do
you have to spoon-feed Negroes to
explain to them how to court you now
what I think we have to be conscious of
here is
when it comes to dating advice whether
it's given from a male or a woman
perspective it's almost always targeted
at telling the woman what she needs to
do in order to get the relationship to
work to last to even happen in the first
place very rarely do I hear relationship
advice targeted at men to correct their
ill behavior how she has black women
that we often don't give ourselves
enough credit as to the type of people
that we are or the type of success that
we have cultivated you're not dumb
you're not less than you're smart you're
coming to the table with something and
you have to understand to what you
actually are coming to the table with
what you hold do you have to put your
foot down to make sure that people are
meeting you at your level
men are not dumb they're not ignorant
they're not blind maybe in one eye but
they at least gotta wanna I mean I did
go on a date with a guy's blind it what
I but and as my homegirl noted for us
you know we're over 30 at this point if
you're single as she said you're single
for a reason that doesn't mean that the
reason is implicitly a negative some of
us did put off dating for a while for
men especially in the South what I am
finding more of is that is a certain
level of emotional immaturity protecting
themselves protecting their feelings and
not wanting to get hurt I think as women
we we have the space to talk about our
vulnerabilities to talk about our
insecurities and with masculinity so
fragile especially amongst black men
they haven't had that same outlet and so
it's kind of surprising but not really
surprising to meet men at my age who
still haven't figured out how to
navigate the emotional space because
then again at bay I figured it out
they'd actually be married by now more
than likely like you're a single black
and got no kids well pay and
good-looking man why ain't you oh okay
you're emotionally immature you're a bit
lazy in the loop or maybe even they're
boring like this guy was recently
talking to he would hit me up and he was
always an upset because I wasn't really
the conversation wasn't really going
anywhere but when I caught on too early
and what I tried to address with him and
he got his feelings were so hurt when I
about it what is that he just doesn't
when I talk about anything like when we
met up in person ask you how your day is
going how's your job going family
religion I mean music TV shows anything
bra and everything to him was just blah
and what I do find happens a lot with me
is men will be very interested with what
I have going on and who I am as a person
because I am kind of an outlandish
character and great we could sit there
to talk all day about me but I've had
quite a few instances mm-hmm as my story
time in dating a Gemini will tell you
where people attempt to kind of make me
into their own personal soap opera if I
just have me I'm consciousness tranny
change like we're getting to know each
other it's a mutual footing like I you
get to know me and I have to get to know
you to let me know about you and he just
mm-hmm he was just passe about
everything and that would text me and
wanted to have his same redundant
conversation about how he misses me and
when I seat me and I'm like okay that's
it okay
yep you don't want to talk to me Oh what
you want to talk about you not dumb bra
you know what this is if you are looking
to date seriously which means either
you're leading to marriage or however
you identify a long-term committed
relationship I do believe that it's okay
to have the expectation that at whatever
level you are at each of you should be
treating the person with the sort of
care that implies that you are looking
to keep them around for the long haul
that you communicate clearly that you
are engaging with the person that you
open yourself up to them that you just
do things because you're being
considerate of the other person because
you want to leave a good impression with
them you're not blase with the person
I'm not trying to mother somebody
through the dating experience
I do think you do give people the
benefit of the doubt if you feel like
something is not going the way you would
like it to go I will give them the
benefit and explain it one time y'all
care then I don't care and it's it is
hard I'm not gonna front like being
single when everybody wants someone and
let's be clear about that because I
a lot of times when black women or just
women in general talking about being
single and dealing with loneliness or
feeling the struggles of dating it gets
implied that we are thirsty that we are
oppressed that we have failed somehow in
life and I don't feel like my dating
life is any reflection of failure on my
part but what I am saying that at times
the dating thing can be frustrating it
can be lonely what I had to remind my
homegirls something that she reminded me
of previously is you will meet the best
for you when you are at your best
I don't want us women to continually
make excuses because that's what we're
all constantly told we're told to be
patient we're told the Train and wait
and allow this bad behavior to keep on
going and if you want to end up in a
fruitful relationship with somebody who
cares and respects you in a way that you
desire to be respected you have to make
sure that people are meeting you at your
level okay so this is the PSA for my
smart brown girls he not done cuz sis
you not dumb see you tomorrow
joe says for two to five dollars or more
you can support smart brown girl and
help to launch the smart brown girl
podcasts tour scholarship fund and
flourishing community of awesome smart
brown girls visit patreon.com slash
guilty and become a smart brown girl
patron today
