hey guys it's Josie and I mean I'm
really bad at this Veda thing we might
have to call it like fade Fatiha
vlog every day for every day
okay so I'm gonna do 31 blogs this month
but I'm bright brother this is
definitely putting me to the test
so yeah y'all here we are with Veda
number 8 even though it's the night you
like these topics we're gonna keep the
key key with the relationship topics
this week thumbs up this video and of
course I am attempting in the month of
August threes $5,000 to produce the
podcast so head over to my patreon
account to make a one-time donation or
you can just submit the nation via
PayPal to smart brown girls at gmail.com
they're all going into the same account
it's actually gonna go in a trust fund
to my lawyer so thank you for supporting
me in this month of August so I'm gonna
keep it up and of course when you become
a patron you get a 15% off discount code
for my smart brown girl cats that call
them in all different sorts of colors so
let's get into this cuz I'm matching
matching today I'm trying to be cute on
today I am giving you tips for online
dating apps really tips for tinder black
men all take the same five types of
pictures on the end of the bed in the
bathroom in the front seat of a car
dressed up at a wedding or a special
occasion and bonus if they have a
picture of them out at the bar or at a
club if you can't find his edges he
ain't gonna be able to find you bow if
you live outside of the United States
you might not be able to apply this one
because when I was in Ghana what I like
to call the inker my hair line was like
super prevalent and so therefore
culturally acceptable but back here in
the Americas boom his edges is running
away from him and if you're unwilling to
let go of what you can't keep how can I
trust you not to bring emotional baggage
into our relationship haha sweater vest
and light wash baggy jeans are a know is
if respectability politics and not trust
men who put pictures of themselves with
do-rags on on their day
robots hmm guy unprompted tells you what
sort of car he's driving he's
emotionally insecure zones or Bo zone
Joey I have no problem with cheap dates
just don't make it obvious that you're
trying to take me on a cheap date by
like calling it a drive-by or a meet and
greet
so if your homegirls are on tinder and
you meet a guy off the app in person and
you realize that you like him you want
to you know get to know him show him
your homegirls pictures and you don't
have to put any restrictions on him you
don't have to make it obvious just be
like oh yeah you know I don't really
hang out with a lot of people in this
city I just be hanging out with Tiffany
and Ashley see here's a picture of us at
the club where you can clearly see their
faces let me show you a different side
yes this is a frontal here's a full body
do you see them yeah if he is Nigerian
ask him if his mother Ortiz is mama's
friends from any of their church
community or professional organizations
please be clear that you hit all those
notes have a woman waiting for him and T
where in this world is there a woman who
thinks she is bestowed to him does she
already have her ash no Abby picked out
trust you me I have asked before and
been met with but I pay for everything
you know we take care of our women
pippy's Jamaican girl it don't matter
what you ask just Trey very lightly I
mean he might be a good laces but
serious relationship committed monogamy
I mean long-term
really got to ask every man are you in a
relationship is there any person in this
world who thinks that they are in
relationship with you they're a person
who you do relationship like things with
you're not really trying to ask them if
they're having sex with somebody else
because I just assume that all adults of
a certain age are proactively bumping
pelvic bones with somebody to fill day
time but you want to make sure that he's
not having some long-term intimate
conversations with somebody else who
thinks they have a future together
don't giggle who will be surprised and
some of the frank responses you might
get it this is a bit more serious never
ever let somebody pick you up from your
place of residence Victor is actually
great for when you're traveling abroad
but always meet in a public space that
is easily accessible especially when
you're either not familiar with the city
or in war you for instance don't speak
the national language girl I've heard
some horror stories stay smart says and
just remember you ain't a ho and less
everybody or a handful or just somebody
know
remember discretion is key do not allow
anybody else to police your body but
please do be safe understand the risk
and the consequences that you're willing
to take both physically and emotionally
and anything you do alright that's it
what did I miss if you have any tips to
provide or any horror stories or any
storm any positive stories have you
found a successful relationship on
tinder OkCupid plenty of Finnish match
any of the dating websites do you have
any funny stories any horror stories any
tips that you can provide out here for
the smart brown girls to stay safe and
have a lovely fruity summer sixteen girl
live your life see you tomorrow
deuces for two to five dollars or more
you can support smart brunker help to
launch the smart brown girl podcast pour
scholarship fund and flourishing
community of awesome smart brown girls
visit patreon.com/scishow z and become a
smart brown girl patron today
