you know it's awesome when all you guys
do is change your color your hat and a
lot of blue for all everyone that's from
North Carolina isn't this your color
hello tobei that number seven I know my
number we're gonna talk about the waste
my time summer 2016 trend that is
currently happening Oh it just sometimes
it just be like you've missed I waste my
time though by in the past month two
couples have announced they're getting
divorced after very very like very short
marriages one being keshia knight
pulliam and Hartwell now as a Gemini bra
so girl I mean I feel bad for Keyshia
because she's also pregnant and dude is
just being petty like I feel like she
found out via social media by bra bra
bra I mean I feel like Gemini's need
love too however it is not only a Gemini
but he has a track record in previous
relationships where he has nothing
positive to say about his ex-wives he
has already shown publicly Bahia ain't
ish negro Katia's says what'd you do
away then we had Rob Hayles senior who
is known for giving Happy Meal toy type
relationship advice or as mr. kaanji
said on Twitter shouldn't cookie advice
like brother his ish ain't even that
deep but you know I understand that
people just like to hear what they
already know I'm single I ain't trying
to become a dating guru i jus no wonder
out loud could have black him and get
away with the same swindle I'm saying
him I thought I brought us in here for
all the slander and shade that I could
throw him he's gonna be a trace on pull
a Steve Harvey I just hope you don't
start wearing oversized suits like Steve
Harvey this man been married three four
times been thumbing through a really bad
divorce is out here still peddling and
telling women when they need to do in
order to be in a relationship he ain't
corrected none of the misogyny that
exists amongst men he ain't corrected
amends he's still out here telling women
how to get at me I'm not trying to tell
women how to think like the ancient man
we need to catch no that sounds like a
horrible idea to me actually maybe I did
buy into like the desperation that
supposedly happens after 30 like somehow
I would become more willing have less
standards I don't know maybe more
flexible actually no I hit
and I realized how awesome an amazing I
am I realize how much I bring to the
table I realize my purpose and my
potential and now I'm just like I'm just
not in a rush in there with y'all
shenanigans meet me halfway every
brother I have ever given my time to I
feel like it's actually smart maybe just
not good for me but he has the full
potential to be great Pete just with me
was lazy cuz my grandma's how I say that
she music what I do is just be dumb like
they really don't know they really don't
realize that when they don't plan dates
so they don't hit you up that that's
sending mixed signals no they know they
just don't care to do any better i i've
played down before you've probably
played um maybe last week maybe use on
that free meal plan BS since i see you
is that even in their laziness in their
aloofness they still expect you to give
them all the things that make them feel
like they are in a committed
relationship without them being it was
aha you got ass I expect you to reply my
text messages in a reasonable time frame
at 7200 0.3 seconds reply to me you know
we haven't we talked about that mental
that sapiosexual that made-up word
things that you like who asking me
questions about religion and things I
don't even publicly talk about bra
engaging it's going and then three
o'clock hitch and all of a sudden you
fall off you stop replying and then I
don't hear from you not at four five six
peak hours by the way seven eight nine
ten I don't hear from you either at one
point I was talking to a dude
he stopped replying like around 6:30 I
didn't hear from him until 11 a.m. the
next day and my response was but did you
die because it's Riley I'm concerned if
you saw 10 fingers actually don't even
need all 10 fingers you still got both
your thumbs
my name is broken up and up and up and
up you could've texted me that yesterday
who's playing games you are yes I can be
very petty when it comes to
communication actually that's not being
petty I expect people to communicate
with me fairly because I communicate on
a certain level what matters to me most
is keeping
so you pull back don't respond for a
couple days
conversations cut off at peak hours oh I
fell asleep who fall asleep at 6:00 p.m.
on a Wednesday really you fell asleep
and I cannot do the passive-aggressive
games with dudes he don't respond and
either hit you back with the BS or
doesn't even acknowledge ah don't even
acknowledge the Lapp the Sun has gone up
and down twice laughs in communication
and then you don't respond cuz you being
passive-aggressive and what does he do
he has a whole conversation with himself
in your text messages don't what you not
responding don't do this to me he won't
mess up my passive aggressiveness what
are you doing people that consistently
be passing out at peak hours oh I was
sleep I don't even care if I like press
breath I don't I don't even care
take that ish to somebody else in the
comments down below let me know what
would you try them summer sixteen in
your dating life and let me know of any
shenanigans that you've and put it up I
promise that real life I have maturity
occasionally I mean I'm not thirsty I'm
not I just don't
uh-uh I'll be out of time to be wasting
which up yo
