hey guys it's Josie and today is Veda
day 4 and I have been sick how much
anxiety thinking about even doing this
video but so many people have asked me
to talk about it and it's so complicated
and it's so complex but I feel like it's
a disservice for me to stay quiet out of
the case of the police murder incurring
gains the fact that I do know about the
case
Corrine gains I believe was 22 or 23
resided in Baltimore County the
Baltimore County police were attempting
to service her and her boyfriend a
warrant I believe she had a warrant for
non appearance in court due to traffic
violations and then he had a warrant for
a domestic violence dispute that they
had previously had before on her
five-year-old child who was with her was
also shot by the police though he has
non-life threatening injuries and the
boyfriend was able to get out of the
apartment with their daughter and was
not injured though he was later arrested
by the police for me very complicated
insists it kind of the peak of the
difficulties in the intersectionality of
being a black and being a woman I
personally want to be very careful about
the narrative that I push forward or how
I even view Corinne because there's just
so much information constantly changing
and coming out about this and I don't
necessarily trust anything that I've
heard from either side and that I have
not been able to find a statement or
interview from her intimate family
members that her boyfriend or her
parents the police has already kind of
flip-flopped on how they're approaching
this and they always are gonna spin it
so that they come out in the best light
possible but I also want to be careful
that I hold true to my belief that I
cannot change or advocate for the change
in the behavior of the oppressed without
first and more heartedly advocating for
the change of the behavior in the
oppressed sir I appreciate those who
have the clarity and passion to be
committed standing firmly in advocating
and defending the black community the
poor black community and the
disenfranchised communities within that
community in that of the LGBTQ women the
trans community those who are so firmly
connected and allowing them to have the
same privilege of being seen as human
that white men gay so folks like son of
Baldwin and the crunk feminist
collective I wholeheartedly appreciate
because even when I don't agree with
them it makes me check where and why I
stand in the position that I do like
what is how did I get here what is my
objective in my belief and it makes me a
more considerate person because my
knee-jerk reaction in this is to
critique the aggressiveness I've seen
displayed in videos posted by courage
but I also understand that the police
can walk into a movie theater after a
man has killed 20-plus people and take
him out alive and uninjured that a white
man can walk into a church and should
have a bible study be armed in his own
home and somehow the police go in and
take him and he has Burger King after
that off a hostage situation
that lasts for over a month with the
police but I also understand that the
way whiteness works does not cross over
to blackness and that in that everything
that happening right now is not new the
technology is new our way of gaining
access to information is new the fact
that it can be live streamed and posted
on social media but this sort of
aggression and violence precipitating
from the civilian side is not new and
it's par for the course and seeing some
sort of sincere cultural shift or change
happen we want to think these are new
and that the way we're dealing with it
is entirely wrong but all these
functions and criticisms and
conversations have happened before with
each movement with each time it says
reoccur throughout history we just
didn't have facebook comments we didn't
have Twitter and amplify the voices of
everyone the white information as
spreaded was not as fluent Tommy Vesey
Coates
a few weeks ago wrote an article for the
Atlantic about how there was an almost
guarantee that we were going to see more
anti
police violence post the Dallas shooting
because again this is absolutely history
repeating itself and as much as I could
be capable of critiquing the systems not
even just to behavior of Corrine Gaines
but the systems that have encouraged her
to arm herself the systems that
encouraged her to not put tags on her
car and instead put a cardboard sign
that kind of alluded to some legal terms
that don't really exist
kind of a historical content that so
fluidly floats throughout the black
community talk about how dangerous that
is and how much that leads us to know
where we'd be remiss to talk about that
and not focus on the systems that
embolden police to use the policing of
the poor to fun cities who treat white
men with a sort of care and compassion
for a livelihood and not give that same
understanding to black foe how do I
advocate for us not feeding into
violence but not speak to the violence
that is constantly committed and on
display by the police especially when
their only response to saying how they
are doing better is to stage viral
videos handing black when my ice cream
cones that they're pulling them over in
their car and seeing this black woman
being pointedly scared of being pulled
over by the police or the constant
pictures I'm flooded with of white
policemen hugging black children are
giving them toys as if this fixes the
policy and the systems that have upheld
this sort of wanton discrimination
against poor black communities it don't
work like that don't feel my opinions on
this are a hundred percent right doesn't
mean that I'm encouraging anybody to
aggress the police that doesn't mean
that I don't believe that police have a
certain function and benefit towards our
community but that does mean that I do
understand that many of the criminal
laws that are in place came about to
keep the Negro in check the whole idea
of a government-sanctioned police force
came out of the emancipation of slave it
just continues to precipitate this sort
of aggression and violence from all
sides I do believe that there is a sort
of symbiotic relationship between gun
laws and our current
rotation of the Second Amendment which
came from a bill of rights written in
1791 to the military version of the
police even though I do understand that
the police were formed in order to
reform and keep in check the Negro their
evolution has also built upon that
foundation as a response to the arming
of civilians and the dangers that come
with that I don't believe there will be
any sort of beneficial demonization of
the police without changing gun laws in
America we're left with all these
different components that can be
discussed right there are not enough
functioning laws that protect the poor
that govern the police forces and that
and we just get it to so many
complexities that kind of topple upon
each other in this situation who really
loses in the end Corinne children like
any way you look at it her kids lose and
it is unfair to squarely lam√© that blame
on her and not talk about all these
systems and things that topple upon that
I haven't even touched on the idea of
her dealing with mental health issues
namely I don't have a whole lot to say
about that because again her intimate
and close family and the men that lived
with her I was raising a child with her
or her parents when she spoke highly of
have not made statements or given
interviews that you know really can
speak to what that might have been
because to me I don't necessarily see a
mentally ill woman I see a woman who has
been fed the same sort of a historical
content that I'm often battling with you
guys in the comment section about that I
see so prevalent amongst black men
amongst educated I know very sane black
men who I am friends with in real life I
would then be saying that just about the
entire hotel collective is mentally ill
but I understand why people are prone to
give her that title because that
privilege is so often given to white men
oh he was so nice but he's dealing with
a mental illness that's why he went into
a movie theater and shot and killed 20
people Oh what his mental illness led
him to walk into a Bible study had a
story black church and gunned down seven
eight people like they get the privilege
of hiding under the cloak of mental
health why can't we give that same
privilege of a narrative to black folk
it is this quart of quagmire that we are
existing in though I do not think
society is getting worse I feel like in
the immediate sea yes things are going
to get worse but there will be hopefully
as long as we continue to work through
these uncomfortable and complex
situations there will be long term
beneficial changes that happen because
we'll be forced to actually look at the
systems that are creating this sort of
environment and change the policies that
allow these things to flourish it has to
happen from the top down you're not
going to change the behavior of the
oppressed and I think that that's going
to change the behavior of the oppressor
and so in all this kind of circular
discussion that I'm having because I
don't have any right answer about this
can only stand firm my integrity and my
beliefs and continue to carry on this
dialogue and be open to hearing the
discord from others in my community who
have maybe a more passionate stance on
this and continuing to check myself on
the change is not comfortable there will
be a lot of dissenting opinions on this
and I really don't even know how to end
this because I feel like there's so much
more to be said
but I'm gonna wait because I know more
information will come out as the time
goes and maybe we have a whole month of
August where I'm doing Veda I will have
more info on this but if you want to
hear more if you like these discussions
you like these Veda videos do thumbs up
it helps comment down below be
respectful with others I know a lot of
we're gonna have different opinions on
this let's not get into a catfight over
it and um thank you for being an awesome
smart girl continue to support the
movement see you tomorrow join the smart
brown girl producer circle for 2 to 5
dollars or more you can support smart
brown girl visit patreon.com slash Dulce
and become a smart brown girl patron
today
