okay hey guys it's jewel Z the audio on
this video is gonna be super off because
I'm in the process well I moved out of
my apartment as you can see we're on the
floor it's empty let me go closes
bathroom doors yeah I am surrounded by
luggage and trash that needs to be
thrown out because I'm finishing my
apartment we're just we're going back to
the 2011 audio on this video it's gonna
be a get ready with me because I need to
record and insecure review before the
Sun down even though my friends were
gonna dinner with me my last night here
in Dallas and I can't find my nice lens
I usually which is a little
disconcerting maybe the lens I typically
should with is definitely like a $700
lens Oh
where are we sitting at I have the case
for it but I don't know where the lens
itself is so we're using this wide angle
lens bag I really did not watch this
week good but whatever we're gonna watch
it when I get to my sister house
tomorrow first things first we got to
put the hair on now I wash the hair but
I do not have a blow-dryer
why because I used the moving company
who came and packed all my lovely stuff
up this ho in what that land is gonna be
so annoying because this is like a
wide-angle lens so it's gonna keep
focusing the whole time but whatever
girl I remember packing up my road mic I
do remember that girl we're doing a
whole lot let's get up close you can
just focus I'm like maybe we can angle
it this way it's just a little a little
better no because then there's my
suitcase wow wow my away luggage is
right behind me right here hmm money I
need to take to the bank in the morning
so I pushed my moves back so I'm gonna
be transient for the next month I don't
know why I love doing this to myself
so I plugged in this little sucker that
I used in a video before it's from my
vanity planet it's like a hot brush
essentially and we're gonna see oh oh oh
that does not sound good
well electrocute yourself now sis we're
gonna see this'll help speed up the
drying process doesn't it doesn't sound
like a good idea
wow this sounds like a horrible idea
I've been wearing this hair if you
follow me on Instagram or snapchat you
see me rock this hair as I
send through the world London France
French Riviera Monaco went to a wedding
this is not the hair I wore at the
wedding but life has been one big double
bubble but I cannot leave y'all I cannot
desert y'all got my eyelashes done by a
smart brown girl who I met at my smart
brown girl event in London last yeah
SATA it's so amazing she's just so good
at what she does
these eyelashes are giving me so much
life because girl it has been a whole
stroll and a half with all this
traveling and all this working lashes
gonna hold Lexi wait I have glued this
down because I was traveling and it this
week wearing it without looting on it
just shifts it like be moving all over
my head alright so maybe we'll just do
it get ready with me watch me try to
drive my hair alright what's going on
with this move so the Mercury Mars one
of them planets the planet WF enough
communication the planet that I was born
in the first thing that being in retro
game and my rising sign is Gemini which
is ruled by mercury Mercury's in
retrograde um you're not supposed to
sign contracts it's not a good idea to
sign contracts I don't actually stress
that much about mercury like things are
gonna go wrong I particularly think just
go wrong with me often enough but I
don't be stressing to too much like you
know I'm adults that I play as quack
seem you let it roll off and keep keep
cracking the heart underneath but in
general it was like I think it's been a
disingenuous for me to say that mercury
retrograde is a reason why I push my
move back because what happened was I
went to visit in like June right to go
look at I was gonna stay in the complex
that I live in now well not with the
property management that I live in now
cuz they have a bunch of apartments in
the city they were all significantly
more expensive than the apartment that I
currently live in here in Dallas and it
just wasn't giving me a whole lot then I
came back and like July to look at more
apartments found the apartment that I
liked in a part of town that I really
liked but I found an apartment building
that I liked and I didn't necessarily
like the two bedrooms that were
available so I was like alright I'll
take this little two-bedroom that's
available and like hope that the
developers get some sense and lower the
price on this bigger one they did not
but then a bigger two-bedroom became
available
and I took it without seeing it in
person and then I went to go visit right
before I went to London I want to go
look at the apartment and I didn't like
it I wasn't feeling it a lot of the
square space was picking up in a hallway
and I just like the living room was
really small and it just wasn't it
wasn't in my ministries and so this is
not going to dry it but I think it's
like at least it's doing something
maybe it'll dry on its own somewhat so
we're not gonna do too heavy makeup I
mean I do have these lashes on their
balm calm I've not been wearing
foundation I only Felicia Leatherwood
detangle airbrush and I actually really
like it a lot both for my real hair and
for my wig I need to wash my real hair
in the worst way
whoo I can't wait to touch my Scout I'm
gonna start with his eyebrows we keeping
his beat real simple but when I went to
Indiana University and I gave the
keynote for the incoming freshman class
growing out was a tough crowd
don't mind the lace it's not really
clean so it's gonna look a little fun I
typically when I do public speaking I do
it to a crowd of people who have the
option of being in the room like they
are not forced to be there there's no RA
over as Elias RA telling them that they
gotta be there and so it was just a
crowd and kids that was like sleep and
not interested at least what I could see
so I thought I did horribly but the
speech was live-streamed
and my lion sister who is the same one
that will call me and tell me why aren't
your nails dyed called me to tell me
that she loved my speech and she was
really proud of me so that made me feel
a ton a ton better because I literally
oh I got in from London 10 p.m. on
Tuesday I got to my line sister's house
so maybe 10:30 if I landed I like ate
and I got two trailers house at 10:30
and then caught a 6:00 a.m. flight
Indianapolis then had to write my speech
we got at a time I thought was gonna be
an hour long so I was stressed about
that turns out it was only 20 minutes 25
minutes which was awesome drive an hour
down to Bloomington to give the speech I
didn't realize out like how much I was
running on adrenaline and tell maybe
9:00 p.m. that night but I was eating
food and I took a bite of my food and
like my whole body was like mmhmm shut
down like wow you did a whole lot and
also like just the fact that like it
wasn't a very receptive crowd I felt
like I absorbed a lot of like I don't
want to say they were giving me a
negative energy but I absorbed it in a
night
way and so that was that was real all
right we don't quote as a mirror up a
little closer girl so we don't win then
I flew back to New York the following
morning and my license said for whatever
reason doesn't have Wi-Fi at her house
girl in 2018 what are you doing with
yourselves yeah gave this speech the
feedback I've gotten from it was good I
just didn't feel good when giving it
then I got back to New York and that's
always I'm ripping and running because
like everybody want to see you everybody
got something for you to do and then I
decided oh wait I stopped the story
about my apartment all right oh yeah
yeah cuz I didn't know this when I got
back to New York which is why I'm kind
of saying you know how much my minds and
all over the place I'm in between that
time I confirmed a deal with Ford
Foundation I got a grant a grant project
before foundation which is even more
work and so when I had gone to look at
the apartment in person in July I
realized I didn't really like the one
that I had finally chosen because a lot
of Squarespace was taking up in the
hallway in the living room was too small
yada yada yada and there was a bigger
2-bedroom that was available and I
decided to take that one but at a pipe
burst and pipe burst is being repaired
but it won't be finished until sometime
in September which I wasn't sweating
because I booked this project with Ford
Foundation and I'm gonna now be in the
San Francisco area for almost two weeks
and then I'm going to New Orleans for
the on the run tour so technically if
I'm supposed to move tomorrow but had I
moved in tomorrow I would have only been
in that apartment for ten days before
leaving for two whole weeks just decided
to just push the move back oh I don't
wholly decided about my own you know the
fact that the apartment that I really
wanted wasn't gonna be available into
mid-september anyway it was kind of like
just si I will just flow for the next
ten days I'll be in New York for a whole
two weeks and I'm not stressed about
being New York cuz you know that's like
home for me I'm just stressed about the
fact that I need to get videos done I've
agreed to do certain things when it
comes regards the video and not being in
my own home and having my normal setup
and especially now that I don't have the
right leg I'm like what is going when
where's my Sigma lens at I just have to
go buy another one or don't want off the
Amazon and return it after
we probably I'm gonna do because I can't
shoot on this wide angle I've really
very wide yeah but I'm really excited to
be working with the four foundation like
that's so up my alley
to be doing more social impact content
and getting the budget to do it
especially the budget that allows me to
pay people that have done a lot of free
work for me and to give back to them and
to help them progress and we all
progress together yes is I'm very
excited for that text my why do you
Frank asking for her blow-dryer cuz I
need to take this vital detail off my
bedroom wall and then she was like she
she was going to give it to me was she
not even home it's so late it's gonna be
too late by name so as you can tell my
mind is clearly clearly clearly all over
the place you know this is the life I've
chosen to live this is all within my
control I just have to push through I'm
gonna be so mad doing this review with
my hair like looking lengthy and I'm
committed to getting y'all the reviews
by tonight so y'all get the review right
after it's sure woof
alright we put some concealer when I
don't even know if the whole blend it in
it's probably not judge me y'all will
let me know in the comments down below I
have faith in y'all
somebody commented that I'm color struck
because I'm always mentioning the fact
that I'm light-skinned first of all
first of all you can take that into my
website I leave it there
that's what you carry you know I think
it's weird that people comprehend that
their tells them that my self awareness
about the fact that when I put away bone
particularly your curly wig on that I am
feeding into a very specific look you
know I can't say that word it's okay I
got a list y'all know that by now
that I make a joke that also aligns
itself with acknowledging that I am
feeding into a very particular look that
is popular on social media that comes
with a certain privilege with it that
that somehow is annoying to you I mean I
guess if you have the right to be
annoyed by it I just think so tell me
that like I'm color struck
no you're just annoyed that's it that
that's not me being colors job that's
you being annoyed by the way I talk
which is means I'm not for you so you
are free to stop watching duh and in
real life you know the amount of times
that people make comments about
basically I'm doing my makeup like I did
for the when I was at Indiana cuz I got
a lot of compliment
my skin so this is what I did same
concealer and then the ombre new to me I
love this NYX ombre blush girl
rocking it everywhere then of course my
Becca and Chrissy Teigen palette we just
going in with a champagne something girl
yes it's all we did it was a real quick
face and I was looking glorious in the
sunlight these lashes cider gave me last
is really to work and a black girl did
them for me Oh grant I need to get a
facial look cuz these whiteheads oh girl
my my pores is telling on themselves and
then we're gonna spray our face better
we get in real life people are
constantly complimenting in some way
shape or form on my complexion the
amount of jokes people make with me
about the fact that my skin especially
because I talk about race and being
black and being african-american the
amount of times that people want to
comment and suggest that like one I'm
not black or two that somehow I'm
unaware about the privilege that I exist
in or the way the world might view me I
just want to beat them to the punch so
I'm beating him to the punch
I made a joke of it people really do
treat me differently when I wear my hair
like this and I wish it would dry so
y'all could really see what it's working
with nail we I we Indiana all I did was
wear fancy Beauty defensive beauty lip
gloss which I love my purse is over
there it's my phone my purse is over
there I don't feel like getting up to
get it so we got to do another color is
it aligned eyelets like this Black
Radiance I'm lipgloss just like up hey
ooh that's a mess those my lips are
naturally brown with a brown liner what
wait too much of this on my lips out now
they like
tacky this color actually is pretty cute
dad I often start some pictures of what
this hair is we're looking like dry on
me because it's been real I'm gonna pop
it right here me and my Nicole look like
a wealthy white woman being nice giving
you colonizer tees bitch yeah I mean I
think it's interesting though because
like when this hair like it's this
disheveled and I just put pictures cuz I
don't want his hair just combing it out
every day not wetting it not doing
anything to it exactly that people will
like see this hair disheveled as like an
acceptable acceptable look but my hair
texture going through the same thing
we're like I just combed it out and went
we'll get comments the same way y'all
people were commented on like Blue Ivy's
hair I like the way we look at messy
curly hair versus messy kinky hair it's
just wild to me the sort of
acceptability of one versus the other
because you know I lived through that
that is something that is a real lived
experience for me I maybe I should just
girl go stand outside of Dallas heat for
a couple minutes
that's what I was meeting to do hold on
alright a little some another doorway
whatever it's okay you did a love song
with that Dallas heat look
two minutes outside what's bothering
most about my lesbian mission is this is
the case for the ladies gonna clean up
his background a little bit keep a
little bit more classy before we go to
dinner and get this his cure of you done
alright see you in a bit deuces
